1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23.
versation with an old and valued friend, he said
to me, " my son, never find yourself in bad com-
pany; for if a flock ofblackbirds shouldlight upon
a tree, and a pigeon should place himself among
them, and a sportsman were to shoot at the flock,
he would be just as apt to hit the pigeon as the
blackbirds. [Laughter.] And now I advise you
always to keep out of bad company." Practi-
cing upon that principle on the present occasion,
I chose not to vote in company with my friends
on the other side of the Chamber, though I was
opposed to that amendment.
The amendment, as I understood, was adopted
by the friends of the Lecompton constitution in
caucus. It might be supposed that I might sub-
ject myself to the imputation of having violated
caucus obligations in not yielding my assent to
the amendment. I beg to state in explanation,
that I was not present at the caucus, and am not
bound by its action. As I am opposed to the
amendment in principle, I cannot give my con-
sent to it.
But, however I may object to that amendment,
Mr. President, I shall vote for the bill, notwith-
standing its incorporation, because I think the
principle of the bill is of much more importance
than the amendment. I must confcss, however,
that my interest in this bill has very much dimin-
isded from transactions which I understand have
occurred within the last few days. I allude to the
proclamation of Mr. Calhoun, president of the
convention, that gives certificates of election for
members of the Legislature, in the county of Lea-
ven worth, in Kansas, to the Black Republican
or Abolition candidates, which throws the gov-
ernment of Kansas into the hands of the Aboli-
tionists. I believe that tins was an act of usurp-
ation on the part of Mr. Calhoun; that he had 110
right and no power to look behind the official re-
turns of the election. His business was to be
governed by the official returns which were placed
in his hands. So far as frauds were concerned
which might have affected the qualification of
members, that was a question exclusively apper-
taining to the Legislature itself when it assembled;
and Mr. Calhoun had no power to act on mere
information, as I understand lie did act on the
mere information of Governor Denver, or any
otherinformation of an expartc or one-sided char-
acter. We know that these alleged frauds have
been investigated by a one-sided and partisan por-
tion of the people of Kansas. They have exam-
ined testimony to suit themselves. They have
constituted their own judges, their own officers,
and their own witnesses; and, judging from what
I have seen there, and what we have heard, I take
it for granted that they could prove anything they
chose to prove. These certificates of election have
been issued upon ex parle evidence in this way,
without a proper examination, or giving the mem-
bers who have been ejected by the certifiates an
opportunity of being heard.
1 think it was an act of usurpation on the part
of Mr. Calhoun to adopt this step, and I have re-
gretted exceedingly to understand—I do not vouch
for the truth of it—that this step has been taken
on the advice of southern members of Congress.
We know what is to be the effect of it. It is to
put the power of the government of Kansas into
the hands of the Abolitionists; and in less than
six months from the time they take charge of the
government, the atmosphere of Kansas will be so
hot that not a decent southern man can stay in it,
but there will be a general stampede of all the
friends of the pro-slavery party from the State of
Kansas. This is to be the effect of the step which
Mr. Calhoun has taken in this case, and the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution, although it is founded upon principle, and
therefoie I shall support it, will be nothing more
than a bare assertion of principles, a victory en-
tirely without fruits, and as such I care little or
nothing about it. I shall vote for the bill as a
matter of principle, but under the impression that
the South gains nothing by the process.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have not
occupied the time of the Senate 011 this subject,
nor is it my present intention to do so. I have
been very much interested in the discussion of the
bill throughout the great number of days which
it has occupied. I have been much instructed, and
much edified, but I cannot say on all occasions,
gratified by that discussion. But I have a few
remarks to make before casting my vote. The
Legislature of my State having superseded me in
the" Senate of the United States by the election of
a successor for the term of six years, commencing
on the 4th of March next, in harmony with my
wishes, and which I refer to with sincere pleasure,
I nevertheless feel that I have duties to perform
to my constituents. It has always been a cardi-
nal principle of my Democracy, that when the
will of a constituency on any measure is known
to the representative, he is bound to execute, in
all good faith, that known will, or he is bound to
resign his situation, in order that another maybe
selected who will carry out their views. I there-
fore vote for the bill, knowing it to be in accord-
ance with the views of three fourths, at least, of
the Legislature of Texas.
Mr. PUGH. The remark of the Senator from
Georgia induces me to make a single observation
before my name is called. I understand him to
assert that the amendment on which he com-
mented provides for an alteration of the constitu-
tion of the State of Kansas in a different method
from that prescribed in the constitution itself.
Mr. IYERSON. No, sir; the Senator mis-
understands me. I did not say it provided for
that. I said it recognized the right of the people
of Kansas to alter their constitution otherwise
than in the mode prescribed in the constitution
itself.
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand it so; but
the principal complaint I have against the Sena-
tor from Michigan is, that if he is correctly re-
ported, he charged me yesterday, and charged
me untruly, with asserting that proposition, or
in other words he set up a man of straw for the
satisfaction of knocking him over, and that too
when 1 was not able to attend in the Chamber.
1 have endeavored to find the Senator's speech.
I can find no account of it but in the National
Intelligencer, in which he is said to have " closed
his able argument by contesting certain of the
positions assumed by Mr. Pugh, in his recent
defense of the general proposition that a majority
of the people can change a constitution at their
I will, without respect to the mode prescribed in
its body."
I not only never made any such proposition,
but I denied it in express terms; and here it is in
my speech. I said that I did not claim it, and I
never claimed it, and this amendment does not
claim it. In order that the Globe may put these
two things together, I shall read one paragraph
from my speech delivered one week ago to-day,
on this point. I then said:
" Let me guard against misconstruction here. I do not
say a constitution may not provide the manner of its amend-
ment. 1 dn not say that it may not interpose piovisions cal-
culated to require more thorough deliberation. I do not say
that it may not require a majority of each House of the Le-
gislature, or two thiids, or throe fifths ; because, after all,
the Legislature t- elected by tine people, and what the peo-
ple want they will compel the Legislature to grant. I do
not say that the people may not inquire, to pievent hasty
or improper action, that the question shall be submitted to
them twice, or thrice, if you please; orthat it ahull remain
so many months for consideration ; or that notice of tiie in-
tended amendment shall be published m this or tiiat man-
ner. t do not even complain of such provisions ; but I say
that when a constitution declares, as the Topeka constitu-
tion did, tllat in no manner, neither by a convention nor by
the people, nor by the unanimous vote of all thowe who live
under it, and ail tho-o wlio exercise authority under it,
whether as legislators or executive officeis, can it be
chaii^cd—whenever a constitution declares that, the dec
laration is merely void; it needs no abrogation; it never had
any life."
That was my proposition; and now Senators
have got off a great quantity of cheap eloquence
by misrepresenting the proposition. So it seems
according to the report of what was said by the
Senator from Michigan yesterday when I was
prevented from attending in the Chamber. That
is all I want to say on that subject; and now I am
going to say a word to the bill.
A few moments ago, in obedience to the in-
stiuctionsof the Ohio Legislature, I voted against
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky;
and in obedience to their instructions furthermore,
I shall be compelled, reluctantly, against my own
opinion of what the justice of the case is, to vote
against this bill on its final passage. I wish it to
be understood that I do it in accordance with in-
structions. My instructions are to vote against
the admission of Kansas with this constitution.
I shall so vote against her admission simply in
my representative character in behalf of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Ohio.
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Georgia whether I understood him to say that
Mr. Calhoun proposed to give his certificates of
election on the advice of certain southern mem-
bers, or according to the truth of the vote ? That
struck me as a very extraordinary statement, and
I should like to know whether I understood it cor-
rectly ?
Mr. IYERSON. I do not recognize the right
of the Senator from Ohio to catechise me on the
subject; and,' therefore, I decline answering.
Mr. WADE. I should be very much gratified
to know what the fact is; but I shall not press the
inquiry.
Mr. STUART. I know the anxiety of the
Senate to take the vote on this bill, and I am cer-
tainly disinclined to delay them; but I have tried
two or three times to put my honorable friend
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] right. I have assured
him, in the strongest language I was capable of
using, that I had no intention of misrepresenting
him; and so far as I knew, I had not misrepre-
sented him.
Mr. PUGH. Is what I have read a correct re-
port of your speech?
Mr. STUART. The substance of what I said
is probably correctly stated in the synopsis of
the National Intelligencer. I took the ground that
where a constitution prohibited any amendment,
no amendment could constitutionally be made. I
did not take the ground that the Senator now sup-
poses; nor did I argue the modus operandi. I stated
that there was in my opinion room for dispute as
to whether this constitution did in terms prohibit
any amendment prior to 1864. I said that was a
debatable question; but if it prohibited any amend-
ment before that time, I denied the power of the
people of Kansas, in any legal mode, as the Sen-
ator made his proposition, to change it before that
time. I said nothing in regard to the mode of
doing it, further than this: that the Legislature
could not pass a law upon an application of the
people for a change of the constitution, against
an express prohibition of the constitution under
which they held their authority; that the only au-
thority they had to pass a law at all, grew out of
the constitution which created them; and when
that constitution said there should be no amend-
ment of it before 1864, if it said so, any law that
the Legislature might pass, to provide for an
amendment before that time, would be a nullity,
falling before the supreme authority of the con-
stitution itself. So, sir, I think the Senator will
see that while I controverted his positions, I did
not misrepresent them.
Now a single word in explanation. The Sen-
ator will remember that I notified him on Satur-
day evening, after I obtained the floor, that I
should allude to his argument in the course of
my remarks, and I requested him, if he could
conveniently, to be here. I went on yesterday
morning with my argument precisely as I had in-
tended, and, 1 assure the Senator, saying nothing
that i would not have said if he had been present,
and stating nothing that I did not understand to
be correct; and I think if he ever sees my speech
in print, he will agree that I met his propositions
fairly, simply denying their authority. I assure
him now, in order that there may be no ground of
complaint whatever, that I entertain for him the
utmost respect, not only as a Senator but as a man,
and that I would not misrepresent him here or
elsewhere knowingly. Now, I hope the Senator
will not hereafter suppose that I have courted any
controversy with him on this subject.
Mr. MASON. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Georgia to say that Mr. Calhoun had
issued his late manifesto at the suggestion of any-
body from the South.
Several Senators. Yes, he did.
Mr. MASON. If he did say so, I wish to de-
clare, for myself, that I never heard of it, and
never had any part or lot in it, being one of the
members from the South.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 33, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Blight, Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Sebastian, Slide!!,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Wnght, and Yuiee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderiek, Chandler, Clark, Co!-
lamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hawim,-Harlan, King, Pugh,
