<226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
rejected? I answer, no. The constitution, as I
have shown, was regularly, legally, properly
made, according to law, to the forms, nature, and
practice of our governmental system.. It was or-
dained by,the convention, clothed with the entire
sovereignty of the people, as the constitution, sub-
ject to the approval or rejection by the people of
the slavery clause. In the exercise of their sov-
ereign power, they prescribed in the constitution
the time and manner of its approval or rejection;
apd they could not be altered by a Legislative As-
sembly, the mere creaturc of the organic law of
the Territory, without any sovereign power. If
they had power to do it, th'cy had the same power
to alter any other provision, section, or article in
the constitution. The establishment of such a
doctrine would sap the foundation, and, at one
blow, strike down all constitutional government.
The election of the 4th of January, was, there-
fore, without lawful authority. It was a mere
popular assemblage and expression of opinion by
those who took part in it. No one would be en-
titled to a le&al rodress for refusal of his vote, or
liable to punishment for an illegal vote. It could
not have any legal effect, or be binding on any
one. It i--4 but a naked absurdity to say it could
legally invalidate or weaken the constitution or-
dained by the convention, and ratified by a law-
ful election of the people on the 21st of Decem-
ber.
But I have heard the position assumed that, in-
asmuch as the Constitution of the United States
provides that " new Stale* may be admitted by the
Congress into the Union>,y it is loft to the discretion
ofCongie.ss to admitthemor not. And, although
the vote of (he 4ih of January can have no other
force or validity, it is an argument to Congress to
control the exercise of its discretion. Wc are
asked, will you admit the new State under a con-
stitution which a majority of her people have con-
demned: Especially, will you do it in the face of
the popular sovereignly doctrine of the organic act
of the Tenitory? I answer, lh«t: it is not the
popular $over< ignty of a mob, or of a promiscuous
voluntary assemblage, brought together helter-
skelter, without the authority of a valid law, which
ia recognized by that act or any other; but it is
popular ,sovnei'rntij according to legal rules. Sec-
ond: there u not satisfactory evidence that a
majority of the bona jidc inhabitants, being legal
voters, have condemned it. It cannot be proved,
except by an election lawfully held, when all en-
titled Imve an opportunity and legal tight to vole,
and when those who are not entitled aie answer-
able to the violated law for unlawfully voting.
Such an election was not held on the 4th of Jan-
uary.
Third: I (mower, even if there be a majority of
the inhabitants of Kansas who oppose this con-
stitution, they are not now entitled to be heard.
They stood mute when they were invited to speak,
and allowed others to answer for them, in favor
of the constitution. And especially are they not
entitled now to be heard, because they were and
are in open hostility and rebellion against the
general and territorial governments, disregarding
and resisting the authority of the former, mid at-
tempting unlawfully to subvert the latter.
We have the evidence of Governor Walker and
Governor Denver, in their official capacity, that ;
this party has formed a military organization ;
without lawful authority; that an enrollment of
the militia, of the Terntoiy has been oidered by
their leader, and every man who refuses to be en-
rolled for duty, to be separately registered; that
they have received arms and munitions of war
from the Abolition societies. Their forces have
been actually i-i the field, marshaled and well
drilled and nvdy foi the onslaught. We have
the authority of Governor Walker that they had
established an in^jrgont government in the city
of L, •wrenee, " 111 defiance of the territorial gov-
erns*,nit, ami den villi; its existence and author-
ity, 3 had imposed upon their officers appointed,
tne duty of taking an oath to .support the Topcka i
< onstitution, thereby overthrowing or ignoring I
the territorial government under the act of Con- '
gress; that they had distributed handbills of their i
proceedings throughout the Territory, "to incite
other cities, towns, and counties, m establish in- !
surrectionaj-y governments, thereby placing the -
people of (lie Teratory in open conflict with the !
Government of the United States." They have
assembled legislative bodies, under the Topeka
constitution, for the purpose of organizing a gov-
ernment under it, and have only been restrained
from carrying out their plans and purposes by
the presence of the United States troops. All
this has occurred since Congress refused to recog-
nize that constitution or the government under
it, and since the United States Government has
recognized the proceedings instituted by authority
of the territorial government to form a State con-
stitution. Still more recently, even since the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
and within the last few weeks, their Topeka Le-
gislature has been in session, for the purpose of
organizing and establishing their revolutionary
government, in defiance of the United States and
the lawful government under it. Well and truth-
fully did the President say, in his message of
the 2d of February, that these people " have been
in a state of rebellion against the Government;"
that "they have never acknowledged, but have
constantly renounced .and defied the Government
to which they owe allegiance, and have been all
the time in a state of resistance against its au-
thority." What is rebellion? It is "an open
and avowed renunciation of the authority of the
government to which one owes allegiance, or the
taking of arms traitorously to resist the authori-
ty of lawful government." Both of these things
have been done by those people. And shall their
wishes, expressed even while they are standing
boldly out ill open hostility and rebellion against
the Government, control the discretion of Con-
gress? control it in opposition to the wishes of the
loyal, law-abiding citizens who have lawfully or-
dained and established a constitutional and repub-
lican government, which they ask you to recog-
nize ?
Itisawise principle, by which courts of equity
are governed, that when a man invokes their juris-
diction in his behalf" lie m ust come with clean hands-"
Enlightened statesmen will scarcely hold that it is
not broad and comprehensive enough to be en-
forced by agreat political jurisdiction. The Kan-
sas Froe-Soilers and Topekaites, with their lips
and hands stained with treason and rebellion, in-
voke our action for their benefit, against the rights
of those citizens whoso conduct appcais regular,
lawful, and loyal. I hold they should be turned
away, dismissed from court, and the loyal citizens
allowed all the rights and benefits accruing from
their obedience to law. The adoption of any
other rule would be subversion of all good gov-
ernment, and would be the offer of a bounty to the
depraved and lawless.
What higher claim upon Congress have those
revolutionary people than have the Mormons of
Utah, under the lead of Bngham Young5 Yet,
but the other day, by an almost unanimous vote,
the llonse indignantly laid upon the table an
address from them. And why? Because, while
their words proclaimed obedience to lawful au-
thority and loyalty to the Government, their trea-
sonable purposes were shadowed forth. If, now,
you comply with the wishes of the Topekaites,
and shut your doors on Kansas, with her lawful
constitution, you ought to apologize to Brigham
and his followers.
Mr. Chairman, so far as Kansas herself is con-
cerned, 1 care but little whether she is now ad-
mitted under the constitution or not. It may be
that both parties there have acted improperly. I
believe they have. I also believe it is a matter of
but little or any consequence to the South, more
than to any other portion of the country. Never-
theless, I believe the Lecomptomtes, 111 forming
and presenting us their constitution, have shown
us they stand " rectus in curia, while it clearly ap-
pears the Free-Soil party are in the wrong. And
1 believe sound policy requires that we should
settle this agitation in Congress and in the coun-
try without further delay. If the strife about sla-
very in Kansas is to be kept up, let it be confined j
within her own borders, and her own deliberative
halls. There is but one way to do it speedily and
effectually; and that is, by admitting her into the |
Union under this constitution. I have been grat- j
iiied to observe within a few days past, in the St. ■
Louis Republican, an announcement as follows: J
" My from Kansas wo loarn tbatthe Territory i
w.is quiet in every respect, the gener.i! feeling of the inhabit- '
ants being'to fiown down any future attempt to create <li«
tnrbances, whether beginning with parties North or South
m principle."
I trust, and believe from information from other
sources, that such is truly the state of feeling
there; and if she. is now admitted, agitation and
strife will cease there, as throughout the whole
country.
By admitting her under the bill as passed by
the Senate, and now on your table, we shall not
conflict with any principle contained in her territo-
rial act. We shall " leave the people perfectly free
(as they have always heretofore been) to form and
regulate (according to law) their domestic insti-
tutions in their own way, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States. " If they, or any
portion of them, have not exercised that right, in
the proper time and manner, it has been the fault
of those who now unwarrantably complain. They
will not be deprived of any right by taking them
into the family of States. On the contrary, they
will be placed on higher ground, by being fully
clothed with all the attributes of sovereignty.
They will have a right hereafter, acting with the
majority and under the authority of law, to alter
and amend their constitution, by the exercise of
their sovereignty.
Mr. Chairman, I feel that I may say, without
being presumptuous, I have no party prejudices
on this subject. It has been my aim to divest
myself of sectional prejudices, if I have any, (and
I do not claim exemption from the infirmities of
human nature,) and arrive at such conclusion on
the pending measure as would be likely to advance
the best interests of the whole country, and such
as my conscience will approve as right And I
feel assured that, when 1 can lay my hand on my
breast and say, "hie mums aheneus esto," my con-
stituents and the country will approve my course.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. D. W. GOOCH,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GOOCH said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to give some of the
reasons which will control my vote on the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union under the Lecomp-
ton constitution. I am glad that so many mem-
bers of this House have placed on the record their
reasons for the votes which they propose to give
on this question, because it will enable those who
may succeed us, and perhaps often be called upon
to review our action in this matter, to learn not
only the votes given, but the reasons which in-
fluenced the men who gave the votes.
Although eighteen new States have been ad-
mitted into the Union since the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, the question whether the
instrument presented, as the constitution of tlie
State about to be admitted, was the will of the
people, is now seriously raised for the first time.
Many other and grave questions in relation to
the admission of new States, have arisen at the
time of their applications for admission, but they
have all been adjusted without permanently dis-
turbing the peace and harmony of the country;
and I trust that the question now pending, rela-
tive to the admission of Kansas under the Lc-
compton constitution, may be so decided that no
principle shall be violated!, and no wrong done,
cither to the people of Kansas or any part of our
common country. And, as this question is a new
and important one, it is our duty so to decide it
that the decision which we shall make may bo a
safe precedent for the future.
1 will state, at the outset, what seems to me
should be our rule of action. When an instru-
ment is presented to Congress purporting to be
the constitution of a State asking admission into
the Union, and any serious question is raised
whether that instrument is or not the will of the
people whose constitution it purports to be, it is
clearly the duty of Congress to settle that ques-
tion beyond all reasonable doubt, before the ad-
mission shall be made. And" if, after proper invest-
igation, the doubt shall still remain, it is the duty
