178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 4,
merit, instructed him to enter into communication
with the Government of Greece, and endeavor to
obtain redress for the wrongs which Dr. King had
suffered at the hands of that Government and its
judicial tribunals. He accordingly commenced a
negotiation with the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
ana remained at Athens in the prosecution of the
same until the 25th of June, 1853, when the alarm-
ing posture of affairs at Constantinople, in his
judgment, required his immediate return thither,
and he accordingly proceeded to that city, but the
correspondence with the Greek minister was con-
tinued until his recall.
By the original instructions of the State De-
partment, he was directed to " keep an account
of his traveling expenses whilst engaged in car-
rying out the instructions," and he accordingly
presented an account, covering only some trifling
disbursements for stationery, copying, &c., and
his bare personal expenses, which has been al-
lowed and paid. By the performance of the duties
of the special mission intrusted to him, his house-
hold expenses were much augmented, and the
loss of rent, (his house having remained unoc-
cupied during his absence,) the sacrifice on the
sale of horses and stores upon his departure, the
expenses of protecting his house and other prop-
erty, and other contingencies, amounted to mure
than the entire sum received by him for personal
expenses; and he is consequently a loser to a con-
siderable amount by the performance of the ar- i
duous duties imposed upon him.
In view of the extra trouble and expense attend-:
ant upon the special mission to Greece, the com- j
rnittee are of opinion that Mr. Marsh should be
allowed the sum of $9,000 for extra compensation,
together with the expenses incurred by him on
account of his mission, the amount of which to
be ascertained, in the absence of regular vouchers,
by the certificate of the party. Compensation for
judicial services having been allowed to his prede-
cessor, by the act of August 31, 1852, making ap-
propriation fcr the civil and-diplomatic expenses
of the Government, the committee can perceive no
just reason why a similar allowance should not
be made to Mr. Marsh during his continuance m
the same mission.
Mr. FOOT. I will simply say that this bill is
precisely in the form in which it has passed the
Senate during the last four years. It was re-
ported before by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Mason,]
and failed of action in the House of Representa-
tives. It was not reached there at the last session.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no further
business before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 4, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Buti.er.
The Journal of December 23d last was read and
approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
The Hon. Joiin F. Farnswortii, a member
from the State of Illinois, appeared in his place,
and was qualified by taking the usual oath of office
to support the Constitution of the United States.
EXECUTIVE COMMUXICATIOXS. ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications:
A communication from the Secretary of State,
in relation to the claim of Michael Pappemtza,an
Austrian subject, for losses alleged to have been
sustained by him during the popular out-break at
New Orleans in 1851, and inclosing a copy of a
communication upon the subject, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
which was refeired to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of State',
transmitting a statement from the superintendent
of statistics of the commercial relations of the
United States with foreign nations, for the year
ending 30th September, 1857; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing the manner in which the contin-
gent fund of that Department has been expended
during the year ending 30th June, 1857; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Hon. N. P.
Banks, of the date of 24th December last, inform-
ing the Speaker that he had placed in the hands
of the Governor of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts his resignation of the office of Repre-
sentative of the seventh congressional district of
thatState; and tliatfrom and after the date thereof,
his seat would be vacant; which was laid upon the
table.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, containing an abstract of offers received at
the Bureau of Yards and Docks for furnishing
articles falling under the cognizance of that bu-
reau during the fiscal year ending 30th .Tune, 1858;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am instructed by the i!
Committee on Foreign A flairs to ask the adoption ; *
of a resolution which I send to die Clerk's table. ;
I hope the House will consider it at once. If
there should be objection, I shall move to suspend j!
the rules. ;
Mr. SAVAGE. I wish to suggest to the gen- j!
tleman from North Carolina that the resolution
which he proposes will lead to discussion—a dis- j!
cussion, perhaps, which will consume the day. !!
There are many members who have bills which
they wish to introduce, of which they have given
previous notice. They desire to introduce them
for reference merely, that the committees may get
to work upon them without delay. I suggest that
such opportunity may be given before the gentle-
man introduces his resolution.
The resolution was not withdrawn. It was
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to til is House, if not incompatible with the public intel-
e&ts, at! the information m Ins po^se^ion in relation to the
late Miiam<j of Goueial William Walker ami Ins followers
in Nicaragua, together with hjcIi infractions as may have
been given to 0111 naval olficers and other officials, pertain-
ing to the 5-ubject.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
have the gentleman modify his resolution so as
also to call for all information in the President's
possession in regard to the fitting-out of the ex-
pedition by Mr. Walker in this country.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I would do so with great
pleasure had I the power. I suppose the resolu-
tion is now broad enough to cover what the gen-
tleman desires. If not, and the resolution is in-
troduced under a suspension of the rules, he can
move to amend it, and I will give him an oppor-
tunity to make that motion. It being the report
of a committee, the gentleman knows that 1 can-
not amend it. If I could, 1 would do so \ery
cheerfully.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The rules were then suspended for the intro-
duction of the resolution; there being, on a divis-
ion—ayes 117,noes 7.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I did not expect to have
said anything upon the resolution, but it seems
to me that the opposition of gentlemen around
nie lenders a woid necessary. I think one mo-
ment's reflection will satisfy the House that it is
important that the resolution should be adopted.
And in reference to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] 1 will say that j'
if he will oiler the amendment to which he re- ij
ferred, I will vote for it. |;
I ought, perhaps, to say a few words about the ;;
form of this resolution, and the reasons why the j.
committee made the call m tins mode. I think
it is broad enough to cover the ground indicated j!
by the gentleman from Tennessee. It calls for
all the information in the President's possession
in regard to the seizure. Of course the President |
will be likely to inform the House what this man j i
has been doing, as a reason why he was seized, jj
U also calls for all instructions given to our offi- h
cers. Yet if the gentleman from Tennessee is :
not satisfied with that, why, let him move an
amendment calling for any further information,
and opening the doors as wide as possible, and I
shall be ready to vote for it. Every gentleman
will see, upon a moment's reflection, that this is
a question of much importance, and one which
the House cannot overlook. It involves three
considerations of sufficient importance.
In the first place, there is a question in relation
to the rights of Walker and his followers, who
have been seized. Whether they have any claim
upon us or not, is a question of only minor im-
portance. Then there is a second question, with
reference to the rightsofNicaragua,orCostaRica,
or whoever owns the territory which has been
invaded. But, sir, there is still a question of far
more importance, so far as this House and the
country are concerned, which does not depend
upon either of these. It appears that one of our
officers—whether with the authority of the Pres-
ident or not it is not now necessary to inquire—
has, at the head of ti huge body of armed men,
crone into a territory that does not belong to the
United States, and carried away by force one or
two hundred persons. This will strike everybody
as an act of war, and its justification does not
depend at all upon either of the other questions.
For example, suppose—for mere argument's sake
—Walker was as bad a man as you can imagine
him to be: this would not justify his seizure in
that mode. Why, sir, there are ba'd men m all the
countries of the world; but that does not justify
our officeis in marching into those countries and
arresting them without any authority from Con-
gress. Whether Nicaraguadoes or docs not object
to thisproceeding, is wholly immaterial. Suppose
Nicaragua had been invaded by a foreign army,
and one of our officers had assisted her to expel
it: she would not have complained of the invasion
of her territory. If rebellion or civil war had
prevailed there and out* officers had gone in to
put it down or to take sides in it, why, of course,
the triumphant party would not complain. I have
no sort of doubt that if, during the revolution in
Pans in 1843, Ameiican troops had gone there
and put down the revolution, Louis Philippe, the
monarch, would not have complained of the inva-
sion of his territory.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to make a single re-
mark just at this point, to show the light in which
1 regard the late act of Commodore Paulding.
That act, sir, was justifiable on this ground: that
Walker was a fugitive from the criminal laws of
this country, and the officer of any country dis-
patched in pursuit of a criminal has a right to
auest linn anywhere, with the consent of the
Government of the country in which the fugitive
has sought an asylum.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hear the suggestion of
mv friend from Pennsylvania with great pleasure,
although I do not concur with him. I think that
on reilection he will see that that does not justify,
in any respect, a movement of this kind. Sup-
pose a fugitive from this country were to flee into
Canada, or to London, or Paris,and our officers,
with troops, were to follow him there and bring
him away by force: the gentleman will perceive
at once how that would involve us. We have a
right to demand from some foreign Governments,
in some cases, the extradition of the fugitive, but
not to arrest him by foice upon a foreign soil.
But, Mr. Speaker, my object in rising was not
to enter into a justification or censure of Walker's
movements, but to show the House that, whether
the man was criminal or not, it docs not affect the
present question. Congress may authorize an
interference in the affairs of a foreign country;
they may make a declaration of war; but as the
Constitution gives to Congress alone the war-
making power, the point must strike every one
that our officials have no right to perform acts of
war until authorized by a declaration of Congress.
Whether Walker was an invader of Nicaragua,
or was a rebel, or a party to civil war in that coun-
try, in any point of view our officials could not
take part in the contest, unless authorized by
Congress to do so. It is because the war-making
power is one of the most important that Congress
is invested with, that I think it our duty to look
into this question at once.
Mr. GR.OW. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that, when we get the information called for
in his resolution, it will then be the proper time
to discuss this question.
