2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ship nine north, of range six west, containing
about one hundred and eighty-nine acres, in the
land office at Natchitoches, Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MARIE MALINES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 327)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Mane
Malines.
It proposes to confirm the legal representatives
of Marie Malines, born Rillieux, in all the right,
title, and interest now held or possessed by the
United States in and to a certain tract of land in
Louisiana, containing about thirty-two hundred
arpents,beinga part of a grant made by the French
Government in 1764 to Marie Riliieux, accordirg
toa survey andplatmade by the royal surveyor,
Don Carlos Trudeau, and of record in the land
office at New Orleans; and upon a proper survey,
duly approved, being returned to the General
Land Office, a patent is to issue.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS L. DISHAROON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 317) for the relief of Thomas L. Disharoon,
which proposes to confer certain assignments of
land warrants.
Mr. PUGH. I think that bill had better lie
over.
The bill was passed over.
DANIEL HAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 230) for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Iiav, deceased.
Mr. PUGH. 1 object to that bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will explain that bill in
a moment. If the Senator from Ohio will see what
it is, I think he will withdraw his objection. 1
the Senator persists in the objections, there is no
use in stating what the bill is.
Mr. PUGH. When a bill cannot be explained,
I object to it.
Mr, TRUMBULL. That objects to every bill,
Mr. PUGH. I will object unless I am satisfied
The bill was passed over. .
Mr. PUGIi subsequently said: In relerence to
the bill on which the {Senator from Illinois desircu
to speak, I was under the impression that inter-
est was allowed from 1836. That was the u-nson
1 objected. I find it is,only allowed from 1856,
and, with the consent of the Semite, I move to
take it up. It is the bill (S. No. 239) for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Daniel Hay, de-
ceased.
The motion was agreed to;and the bill was con-,
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. ;
It provides for the payment to the legal repre- '
sentatives of Daniel Play, deceased, of a tfum
equal to two per cent, on all moneys disbursed ;
by him as agent for paying pensions, from and
after the 20th of April, 1836, with interest from ,
the 30th of April, 1656. j
Mr. STUART. If that is one of the class of ;
cases I think, 1 should be opposed to it. If there J
is a report, I should like to learn that fact. J
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a report made >
by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Thom-
son.] I do not see him in his seat. I can state
the case in a moment. ;
Mr. STUART. Let us hear it. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Hay was pension;
agent in Illinois in 1836. He proposed to resign,
but the Secretary of War requested him not to do
so. He disbursed about ^150,000 as pension
^Mr. STUART. That is enough. i
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed. j
JOSEPH VANCE. '
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 330) granting a pension to Joseph Vance;
which was reported upon adversely.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN DAVIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 318) recognizing the assignment of land
warrant No. 35,956, issued to John Davis, as
valid.
Mr. PUGII. I object to that bill.
Mr. STUART. Ihe Senator is mistaken in
regard to it. It-is a bill 1 reported yesterday
morning from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH. I object to it.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN IIUERTAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.No. 251) to
authorize the claimants in right of John Huertas
to enter certain lands in Florida.
It will authorize the claimants in right of John
Iluertas to a tract of six thousand acres in Flor-
ida, confirmed by the Supreme Couit of the Uni-
|| ted States at the January term, 1834, to enter, at
j! any land office in Florida, the quantity of three
i| thousand three hundred and thirty-two acres and
I; thirty hundredths of an acre of any of the public
\\lands in that State, offered or unoftered, the same
ij being in addition to the area of two thousand six
|( hundred and sixty-seven acres and seventy hun-
J j dredths of an acre surveyed for the claim, and des-
ignated as section forty-eight, in township nine
south, of range twenty-seven east, in the St. Au-
gustine land district, Florida, and being the dif-
ference between the quantity embraced by the
survey and the six thousand acres confirmed for
the chum; and the legisterand receiver of any of
the Florida land offices are to receive the proper
applications and proofs, and issue the necessary
j ' certificates, upon the return of which to the Gen-
ii eral Land Office, with satisfactory proof of the
t j rights of the claimants, a patent is to issue for the
ij lands so located, provided they shall not be loca-
il ted upon any land within six miles of any rail-
1!road.
j| Mr. YULEE. I move to amend the bill by
, striking out the words in the tenth line of the first
i! section, " offered or unoffcrcd," and substituting
|; " subject to private entry."
!! Mr. BENJAMIN. I have only to say that I
11 know nothing further about the'merits of this
!( case than is disclosed in the report of the House
1! committee. That committee deemed it unjust to
restrict the claimants to an entry on lands otfeied
Ij for sale, and that they ought to have their choice
ij of lands offered or unoflered in lieu of lands of
|| theirs whiWi the Government sold.
ji Mr. IVI5RS0N. If the bill is to be debated,
!j it must £0 over.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is foraconstituent of the
! Senator from Florida. If he insists on limiting the
'' relief, f have no object ion.
- j Mr. YULEE. I [e is not a constituent of mine.
; [t is in defense of my constituents that I propose
j tiie amendment. If there is any objection to the
j, amendment, 1 must object to the bill; because [
: shall desire to state why the amendment should
be made.
j The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no objection,
j Mr. YULEE. 1 haveanotheramendmentat the
J end of the section; instead of the words, "within
'six miles of any railroad," to insert, "within six
I miles of the projected iou to ofanv railroad to which
; grants of land iiave been made by the United
1 States." This amendment is necessary to give
j effect to the intention of the House of Re pre-
j sentatives, which otherwise would not be accom-
■ pli^iied.
. The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
, and the amendments were concuiredm.
: Mr. YULEE. It has been suggested to me by
my colleague that one of the Senators from South
, Carolina "takes an interest in the bill. Perhaps,
, in that view, it would be as well to let the third
' reading stand over.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. It is better to pass the bill
as it is—the gentleman lias already done it all the
j harm.
| Mr. YULEE. No, sir. This morning I showed
; the Senator from South Carolina the amendments
: 1 proposed; and I did not observe that he was not
■ in his seat. As he may desire to be heard, I pro-
! pose to let the bill go over.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will per-
! mit the bill to pass, I shall move a reconsideration j
■ if the Senator from South Carolina wants it. ;
| Mr. YULEE. Very well.
I Mr. KING. Is there any report ? I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. KING. I think it had better lie over.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN HUDRY.
The bill (S. No. 385) for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of John ITudry,was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the heirs or legal representatives of Captain
John Hudry, of the State of Louisiana, $9,705,
being the amount of his account for uniform cloth-
ing, arms, and accouterments furnished by him,
in the year 1814, to a company of the Louisiana
legion engaged in the battle of New Orleans.
Mr. SIMMONS. As I heard that bill it only
authorizes the Secretary to pay. I think the
proper form is ''authorized and directed." I
move to insert the words " and directed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
JOHN FORSYTH.
The bill (S. No. 388) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late John Forsyth, was re^d
a second time, and considered, as m Committee
of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to the le?al repre-
sentatives of the late John Forsyth of $-2,140, in
full of a balance due him on account of his salary
as Minister to Spain, from 13th February, 1819,
to the 3d of March, 1823.
Mr. FESSENDE'N. I should like to hear the
report in that case.
Mr. IVERSON. The report is a pretty lengthy
one, and in manuscript, not yet printed. As "I am
a party in interest, I trust the Senate will indulge
me in stating the case. I am one of the heirs of
John Forsyth, and therefore interested in this
bill. It is reported by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Polk,] who understands it better than I
do.
Mr. SEWARD. It is reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir; in the settlement
of Mr. Forsyth's accounts, as Minister to Spain,
the accounting officers charged him with what was
called gain of exchange on drafts drawn from
Madrid 011 London. That was usual at that time.
It was charged up against all foreign ministers,
under similar circumstances, until Mr. Webster
was head of the State Department, in 1843, and
then General Cass, being Minister to France, pro-
tested against it as an illegal charge, and Mr.
Webster decided that it was an illegal charge, and
instructed the Fifth Auditor to refund to Mr. Cass
the sum that had been charged against him,
amounting to something over $4,000." Under that
decision of Mr. Webster, repeated afterwards,
every minister has been refunded back the amount
lost on his account except Mr. Everett, of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Foisyth. The reason why
it has not been refunded to Mr. Foisyth has been
simply because he died in 1841, before ihe decis-
ion of Mr. Webster was made, and his heirs knew
nothing whatever about this ease until the last
year. While I was here last summer, my atten-
tion was drawn to it by a gentleman who has
been a clerk in one of the Departments, and I
made application to the State Department to re-
fund this amount to Mr. Forsyth's heirs, ac-
cording to former decisions. There are twenty,
perhaps thirty cases where it has been done.
The Secretary declined to refund the money, in
consequence of the accounts having been settled
so far back that he did not wish to open them, and
said I had better refer the case to Congress.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Georgia has not
stated the case as strongly in favor of Mr. For-
syth as the facts justify."
Several Senators. He stated it strong enough.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
reading, read the third time, and passed.
| Mr. IVERSON. I should like to -insert an
! amendment, with the consent of the Senator who
j reported the bill, directing the money to be paid
J to the heirs instead of the legal representatives.
I The estate of Mr. Forsyth has long since been
i closed up.
