228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GI^QBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Goock.
Ho. of Reps
the act to the other with such rapidity, that we
have not been able to keep it in one place long
enough to even look at it.
Let us now consider for a moment whether the
words il rightful subjects of legislation" in the
clause above quoted, can be construed to confer
power to make a constitution, and give to it force
and vitality. But I wish for a moment to notice
the distinction between a constitution framed and
adopted by the people of a sovereign State, and
the instrument framed and adopted by the people
of a Territory for the purpose of admission into
the Union under it as the constitution. The form-
ation'and adoption of a constitution by the peo-
ple of a sovereign State is an act of sovereignty
—an excrcise of the highest power—of uncontrol-
lable power. An act of sovereignty needs the
approbation, sanction, recognition, of no other
power to give it full force and vitality. Being su-
preme in itself, no other power can add to it or
take from it. If any act can be annulled or lim-
ited, or in any manner qualified or restricted by any
power superior to the power that did the act, it
has not the attribute of sovereignty, and the power
which did the net is not sovereign. Now, the in-
strument framed and adopted by the people of a
Territory, under which, as their constitution,
they aslc admission into the Union, has in it no
element of sovereignty until recognized by Con-
gress. It may be the will of the people of the
Territory duly embodied and expressed, and au-
thentically ascertained; but it has, and can have,
no force or vitality until recognized or accepted
by Congress. It is in the nature of a petit ion, and
it should embody the will and express the wish
of the people of the Temtory, and Gon^tess aie
bound to respect it only as it does, in fact, em-
body the will and express the wish of the peo-
ple. Through it the people of the Territory say
to the Congress of the United States—you have
the power, and we ask you to clothe us with sov-
ereignty, by admitting us into the Union under
this instrument a.s our constitution on an equal
footing with the original States, flenee we see
that this Lecornpton constitution, even jf it have
both the authority and foimoflaw pei feet in every
particular, (all of which J deny,) has not so much
of majesty or sovereignty in it that we cannot
examine it or inquire into it, and see whether it
is what it purports to be. It is only n petition,
and before we grant the prayer we certainly have
the right to look into the situation of the peti-
tioner. lint do the words " rightful subjects of
legislation" confer the power to provide for the
formation and adoption of a constitution? The
Kansas-Nebraska act itself repealed the Missouri
compromise line, in oidei, as we aie told, that the
people of the Tern to i y might have full power and
control over ail rightful subjects of legislation in
the Territory. And we were then told that the
control of the institution of slavery \\ as one of the
rightful subjects of legislation of the Territory,
and, therefore, Congress had not then,and never
had, the right to legislate so as to mnoduee it or
exclude it from the Territory, or make any pro-
vision in relation to it; and the Missouri compro-
mise, although it had all the sanctity of a compact,
and had received the sanction and approbation
of all the great men ofthc country for more than
a third of a century, must, be repealed, because it
took from the people the control of one of the
rightful subjects of legislation. And the doctrine
then was th.tt Congress never should mteifere at
all with any rightful subject of legislation in a
Territory; and this was called popular sover-
eignty.
Now, sir, let us see what has been done or at-
tempted to be done by the veiy men who passed
this organic act \v hich icpeMcd the iWis.som i <. om-
promis-'e, and gave to the people of the Territory
full «nd entire contiol over {s all rightful subjects
of legislation,'3 with at least an implied pledge on
the . art of the authors and suppoiters of the or-
ganic act that the control of none of these rightful
subjects of legislation should ever be assumed or
interfered with by the Congress of the United
States while they have the power to prevent ir.
In July, 18.30, the very men who passed the Kaa-
sas-Nebiaska act, only a little more than two
- years before, fmmed and passed through the Sen-
ate an ac: entitled An act to authorize the people
of the Territory of Kansas to form a constitution
and State government, preparatory to their ad-
mission into tJhe Union on an equal footing with
the original States," now commonly known as
the Toombs bill, which the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, who has just taken his seat, has
so fully described to us. This act was also voted
for in the House by the very men who now ad-
vocate the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, but failed to receive a ma-
jority, and consequently failed to become a law.
Now, sir, this act, by its very terms, provided
for a census of the legal votes of the Territory,
an apportionment of delegates among the legal
voters, the election of delegates, the meeting of a
convention, with the power to form a constitution
—all to be done under the direction of officers ap-
pointed by the President, or holding office under
the United States Government, without the least
regard to the legislative power of the Territory.
Now, sir, was the power to provide-for the form-
ation of a constitution preparatory to admission
into the Union, one of the rightful subjects of
legislation given to the people of Kansas by the
Kansas-Nebraska act? and if it was, what right,
I ask, had the very men in the Senate and House
of Representatives, who conferred this power on
the legislative power of the Territory, to attempt
to take it away ?
And 1 ask, is it right—I do not ask if Congress
has the power, but I ask the otherside, is it right
for Congress to take away from the people of the
Territory one of the rightful subjects of legisla-
tion, whenever Congress deems it advisable to do
so? And if so, then I ask, what has become of
your boasted doctrine of popular sovereignty,
which was to give to the people of the Territory
every civil and political right winch man could
possibly enjoy under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and, by removing the question of sla-
very from the Hails of Congress,was to introduce
into the legislation of the country an almost per-
fect millennium, which was never to be disturbed ?
I do not object to the doctrine that Congress
has the right to control the legislation of a Ter-
ritory when Congress deems it advisable to do
so. I think that the power should be exercised
only when necessity demands it. But do the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the liou&e agree to
it? Now, sir, they must admit, that when they
passed the Kansas-Nebraska act and thereby re-
pealed the Missouri compromise line, they put
forth to the people of the country and the world |
the allegation that they did it because that com- |
promise line interfered with one of the rightful '<
subjects of legislation of the people of the Tern-;
tory, which ought not to be interfeted with bv i
any act of Congress, no matter how old or sacred j
it might be, merely as a pretense and excuse to j
justify that which they knew would admit of no j
justification; and that, m two years from that time i
they used all their influence and power to take :
away from the prople of the Territory one of the ;
rightful subjects of legislation, thereby branding j
themselves with deception; or else that the power j
to provide for the formation of a constitution pre- |
paratory to admission into the Union, was not!
conferred upon the legislative power of the Ter- |
litoi y, as one of the rigiitfui subjects of legislation !
of the Territory, by the oigamc act. Now, sir, ;
if they accept the one, they establish just what I, ,
and the men with whom i act, have always be- '
lievcd to be true; if the other, then the Lecomp- !
ton constitution has 110 authority of law, and falls ;
a dead letter.
But, again, sir, how shall we explain the fact, ;
that the men who framed and passed the organic !
act did not know that this power wes conferred ;
upon the Territorial Legislature until more than
three years after the passage of that act, and not |
until tiie necessities of the Lccompton constitu-
tion demanded thatsomebody should find it,-some- .
where. I know that necessity has always had
the reputation of being a hard mnster, and I do ,
not think the task which he set those who were '
to_ find that power conferred by the organic act,
will improve his nluracter m that respect. He .
probably never had more dutiful pupils, and yet, ;
i think that they are hardly satisfied with what j
they have accomplished.
That the oigamc act should contain within it- ,
self a provision giving to the Territorial Legisla- 1
ture power to provide for the entire overthrow of
the territorial government, the making of a de-
pendent province into a sovereign State, the abo-
litionof all territorial offices,and the oustingfrom
office of all the officers appointed by the Presi-
dent, all of whom, by the terms of the act itself,
were to hold their offices for four or more years,
unless sooner removed by the power that ap-
pointed them, and that that power should be so
concealed for more than four years, that no man,
not even the framers of the act, knew it was there
until the peculiar necessities of the Lecornpton
constitution demanded that somebody should find
it, and, when found, that it should be for so long
J a time in so many places at once, that nobody
1 could tell exactly where it was, are among the
| many wonderful facts that have transpired in the
| history of Kansas.
| 1 now propose to admit, for a moment, that the
| organic act does confer on the Territorial Legis-
; lature all the power claimed by the President, and
\ then, from lus own statements, show that the
| organic act has been violated, both by the Legis-
! lature and the convention. In his last annual mes-
i sage he states the matter thus:
j " Tiie act of the Teimoria) Legis-latuie had omitted to
[ provide for submitting to the people the constitution which
j might be fiamed by the convention ; and, in the excited
I state of public feeling thioughout Kansas, an appiehen-aon
| extensively prevailed that a design exited to lorce upon
. them a constitution, in ielation to hlaveiy, against their will.
| III this eirieigeney it became my duty, as it was? my unques-
tionable ri^lu, having; in view the union ot ail good citizens
l in support oi the temtoiml law*, to expiess an opinion on
j tiietiue construction of the piovisions concerning daveiy
i contained in the oigame act of Congie&s of the 30th May,
| 1634. Congrc&s. deekued if to be * the tiue intent and mean-
I ing of tins act, not to legislate slaveiy into any Tenitorv or
State, nor to exclude it theiefrom. but to leave tiie people
thereof perfectly tree tofoim and regulate their domestic
institutions in then own way.' Under it Kanta--,4 when
admitted as a State,' was to ' he received into the Union
with or without slaveiy, as their constitution may piescnhe
at the time oi their admission.'
kk Did Congress mean, by tins language, that the delegate:?
elected to frame a constitution should haveauthoiify finally
to decide the queslion of slaveiy, oi did they itiiemh bv
leaving it to the people, that the people of Kansas them-
selves should decide this question by a direct vote ? On this
subject, 1 confess f had never entertained a senous doubt:
and therelore, in my m&tiuctions to (Joveinoi Wa'ker ot
the 28th March i merely paid, that when ' a con>titu-
tion ahail be submitted to the people of the Tciritorv, they
must be protected m the exercise of theirngbtof voting fer
oi against that instrument; and the lair expre&mon oi the
popular will must not be interrupted by fraud oi violence.' "
Here we see that the Territorial Legislature, in
the opinion of the President, had made an omis-
sion in not requiring the Leeompron convention
to submit the constitution which they might frame
to a vote of the people; that the public feeling was
aroused throughout all the Territory, and the-peo-
p!e felt that they were to be defrauued. The peo-
ple were excited because they wanted the privi-
lege of accepting or rejecting the constitution by
adiieet vote, and the President to meet "this
emergency," came forward voluntarily and ex-
pounded the organic actthrough Governor Walk-
er. And he telK us how he expounded the act,
and why he so expounded it. He says he never
had a doubt that Congress intended that the con-
vention should submit the decision of the question
of slavery—all that is meant by " domestic insti-
tutions" in the oiganic act—to a direct vote of the
people, and therefore he expounded the organic
act, quieted the appiehensions of the people, pro-
videdfor the emergency,and made everything sat-
isfactory, by saying, '*Governor Walker, when
a constitution shall be submitted to the people of
the Territory, they must be protfted in the exer-
cise of their right of voting for or against that instru-
ment, and the free expression of the popular will
must not be interrupted either by fraud or vio-
lence." It was for or against the instrument they
were to vote, not for or against one article of the
instrument.
Nov/, sir, I wish to say just here, that no man
with a particle of manhood in him would have
submitted any instrument which that convention
might have framed, muen less such an instrument
as the Lecornpton constitution, to Congress, with
the recommendation that they would admit Kan-
sas into the Union under it, until the pledge which
he had given to the people of Kansas had been
redeemed in full; not even if John Calhoun had re-
qustsd it. Hat, sir, the President has since told
us, that when he-used the words " constitution"
and instiumcnt" in that part of his message
which I have just quoted, he meant only the ques-
