1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
35tii Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. or Reps.
tion of slavery, and that " domestic institutions"
in the oiganic act meant only slavery. I once
heard of a distinguished Spaniard, who, when he
spoke of himself, always used the plural num-
ber, and took off his hat. Mr. Buchanan seems
to have the same high consideration of esteem for
slavery that the Spaniard had for himself. But
we will take the matter just as he states it, with
all his explanations of what he did mean, and
what he did not mean, by what he then said. But
I must say, that it looks very much as though he
was now trying to cut down the meaning of his
language to a fit for the Lecompton constitution,
and I hardly think he hnsgot it small enough yet.
His statement is now, in substance, just this:
the organic act required that the people of Kan-
sas should decide, by a direct vote on their con-
stitution, whetheror notthey would have slavery
for one of their domestic institutions. Now, sir,
if this be so, ought not the Territorial Legislature
to have provided that the Lecompton convention
should submit that question to the decision of the
people ? And in that omission did they not vio-
late the organic act? Whatever may be the an-
swer to these questiops there can be no doubt that
the convention must make such submission as the
organic act requires. The organic act requires,
according to Mr. Buchanan, that the convention
must submit the question of slavery—all that is
meant by domestic institutions in the organic act
—to a direct vote of the people. Now, was this
done by the convention? If we strike out of the
Lecompton constitution the article which the peo-
ple have the power to strike out, dors the con-
stitution still provide that .■slavery may be one of
the domestic institutions of the people of Kansas r
If it does, then the decision of that question was
not submitted according to the requirements of
the organic act; for slavery would be one of the
domestic institutions of the State of Kansas if
it were stricken out, and it would be one of the
domestic institutions if it remained. Now, if we
strike out the article which the people had the
power to strike out, the following still remains a
part of the constitution: " The property in slaves
. now in the Territory shall in no manner be inteifered
toith," And the President tells us, in his message,
that the principle is the same, whether they are
few or many. The only difference in principle,
whether the article which the people had the right
to strike out is in or out, is this: if it is in, the peo-
ple of Kansas can import slaves; if it is out, they
can raise them. Now, sir, I have never heard that
slavery is not just as much a domestic institution
in States where slaves are laised as in States where
they are imported; and just as much a domestic
institution in the States where the slaves are com-
paratively few, as in the States where they arc a
great proportion of the population. If this be so,
and it most certainly is, then the convention did
not permit the people of Kansas to decide, by a
vote on the constitution, whether they would have
slavery as one of their domestic institutions or not,
and consequently violated the organic act; and by
so doing look from the Lecompton constitution all
authority of law.
1 now pass to some of the principal reasons
which the President presses upon us to induce us
to admit Kansas under the Lecompton constitu-
tion. The first is, that the people of Kansas will
then he sovereign, and can alter or amend this
constitution immediately, and at pleasure. Con-
stitutions can be altered or amended only in two
ways. If the constitution contain within itself
a provision for its own alteration or amendment,
it can be altered oi amended by complying with
that provision, and the terms of the provision
must be strictly complied with at every step. This
is regular process, because here is jurisdiction, and
a strict compliance with the forms of law m the
exercise of that jurisdiction, both of which are
essential to regular process. A constitution can
also be altered or amended by the people, acting
either through their existing government, and m
unison with it, or in their primary capacity, and
without the aid of the existing government; and
in either ense, so to speak, the people take their
constitution into their own hands, and alter and
amend it as they please* without regard to an3'
provision which may have been in it before, add
then reestablish it; and change or modify the ex-
isting government, or establish a new government,
as the amended constitution may require. This
is not regular process, but it is revolution. If the
existing government cooperate, or acquiesce, and
the people are united, or the opposition so incon-
siderable that it offers no resistance, the revolu-
tion is a peaceful and rightful one—rightful, be-
cause the constitution is made more perfectly the
will of the people by general consent; but if the
existing government, as in the case of Rhode
Island, or the people, or any considerable portion
of tlie people, resist, and the changes in the con-
stitution are persisted in, then it becomes a violent
revolution—a revolution of physical force—and
its success will depend upon the strength and will
of the opposing parties, and its rightfulness upon
the necessities of the case.
Let us now consider the condition of the people
of Kansas, with reference to changes or amend-
ments of this constitution, if admitted under it.
They can amend it, according to regular process,
by complying with the fourteenth section of the
schedule, which is as follows:
" See 11. Aftei the yeai one thousand eight bundled and
sixty-four, whenever the LegU-latuie shall think it neees-
saiy to amend, alter, oi change this constitution, they shall
recommend t0theelect05«,at thenext genera! election, two
thirds of tlie members ot each House coiteurtmg, to vote for
oi against calling a convention, and it it shall appear that
a mnjouly of all citizens of the State have voted tor a con-
vention, the Legislature shall, a tits next regular session, call
a convention, to consist of as many membeis a? there may
he in the JIou;eof Representatives at the time, to be chosen
m the  ani(i manner, at the same places, and by the same
electors that choose the RepiPsentanves ; said delegates so
elected shall meet within three months after said election,
j (or ihe puipo-e of levising, amending, or changing the eon-
' smution ; hut no alteiation shall he made to aflect the lights
■ of piopmty j it the ownoi'-hip ot ^lave.-."
| Now, if the amendments are to be made in ac-
| cordanoe with the provisions of this section, the
question of submission cannot be decided until
; after 18G4, and the Legislature cannot provide for
| calling the convention and choice of delegates
! until after I860; and consequently no amendment
! can be made for more than eight years from this
i time. It will be seen that two thirds of the Le-
, gislaturo must concur in the submission to the
! doctors, and then there is a very ugly clause at
the end of the section, in reference to " property
m the ownership of slaves." Now, sir, if ever
there is a time, m the life-time of a people, when
it is all-important that they should have the power
to regulate their own domestic institutions, ac-
cording to their own interests and wishes, it is
during the first few years of the existence of the
State. It is during this period that ail their im-
portant institutions spring into existence, and take
upon themselves form and character which cen-
turies afterwards cannot wholly change. And this
is especially true of Kansas, increasing as she is
in wealth and population. Hut the President pro-
poses that ihey shall alter or amend this constitu-
tion by the other method, by revolution. Can
they do it by peaceful revolution? Can they have
the coopciation ofthegovernmentto be organized
under this constitution ? The officers of that gov-
ernment were elected more than three months ago,
and yet no man knows who they arc, or are to be,
if we except John Calhoun. And yet. one half
of the Senators already elected will hold their of-
fice, and be aide to control this mntfer, for more
than four years. But does any man suppose that
after all the power and restraint of the Federal
Government are removed, the people of Kansas,
surrounded as they are by those ever ready to
interfere m ail her elections when the question of
slavery is an issue, can alter or amend that con-
stitution without bloodshed and violcncc'
Does not the excitement, which even the dis-
cussion of this question here creates all through
the country, fully demonstrate that no change
could be made in this constitution by the people
of Kansas, after they are admitted under it, by
common consent? if we wish to see civil war m
Kansas, I know of no way in which we can so
surely bring it about as by admitting her into the
Union under this constitution, and then telling
her to alter or amend it. If ever there was a peo-
ple on the globe that needed a constitution which
should not be touched or altered for yej.rs to
come, that people are to be found in Kansas. A nd
when I read the President's message, wherein he
informed us how readily and easily they could
alter or amend this instrument, 1 could but ask
what is the value of a constitution ? Why have it
at all? I had supposed that a constitution, and
especially one just adopted, was to be stable and
permanent; and I desire to commend to the Pres-
ident the definition of a constitution, given in a
judicial decision by a judge of his own State
many years ago. It is as follows:
"The constitution is the form of government, delineated
by the mighty hand of the people, m winch certain first
pnnciplefe of fundamental laws are established. The con-
stitution is certain and fixed; it contains the permanent will
of the people, and is the supreme law of the land ; it is par-
amount to the power of the Legislature, andean be revoked
or altered only by the authority that made it. The life-
giving piinciple, and the death-doing stroke, must proceed
f'om the same hand. The constitution is the work or will
of the peopie themselves, in their original sovereign and
unlimited capacity." * " The consti-
tution is the sun of the political system, around which all
legislative, executive, and judicial bodies must revolve."
* * * * " The constitution of a State is stable
and permanent, not to be worked upon by the temper ©f
the times, nor to i hp and fall with the tide of events; not-
withstanding the competition of opposing interest, and the
violence of contending parties, it remains firm and immov-
able as a mountain amidst the strife of storms, or a rock
m the ocean amidst the ragmg of the waves."
Such should be the constitution of a State; such
should be the instrument which the people of
Kansas should have when admitted as a State,
into this Union, unless we wish to see her bap^,
tized in blood even in her infancy, and the first,
principles of herfundamental laws delineated and
established by the force and violence of revolution
instead of by the peaceful decision of the ballot-
box. And is the Lecompton constitution such an
instrument? Docs it indeed and in truth so con-
tain the embodied and permanent will of the peo-
ple of Kansas, that it will be stable and perma-
nent, not worked upon by the temper of the times,
nor rise and fall with the tide of events ? Are its
provisions and principles so firmly fixed in the
hearts and affections of her people that they will
withstand the competition of opposing interests
and the violence of contending parties? Is this
an instrument to which the anxious statesman
and the trusting people can look in the hour of
perplexity and danger, and say to party strife and
contending faction, thus far canst thou go but no
further; all beyond is safe and secure from thy
sacrilegious touch? The President admits that
the Lecompton constitution has not one of these
qualities, and yet urges us to take it, misbegotten
and deformed as it is, covered all over with the
violation of every principle of law, truth, and jus-
tice, and force it upon the people of Kansas, and.
then let the passions of an outraged and mad-
dened people alter and amend it to suit themselves.
Shall we give heed to such suggestions, let them
come from what source they may ? Shall we listen
to such recommendations from the man who dem-
onsliates in his messages to us that he has mis-
led and deceived this people, by using to them lan-
' guage which could not fail to mislead and deceive
! them, and which he now attempts to explain to
us in a manner which would subject any school-
boy to the discipline of his teacher in any well-
governed school in the land? How happens it
that this instrument comes to us through the Pres-
ident, accompanied by a special message? Wliy
. did we not receive it threugh the representative
| of the people of Kansas on the floor of this llouse?
i Did the President psk from John Calhoun the
! privilege of communicating this instrument to
' Congress, that he might again cliBrgc rebellion
■ upon the people of Kansas? Or did John Cal-
i lioun prefer the President, of all men, as his in-
| stroment to communicate the Lecompton constl-
i union to Congress ?
| J wish to notice one other reason given by the
, President m his special message to induce us to
| admit Kansas under this constitution. I quote
[ from the last page of his late special message:
t " Fn considering tins question, it should never he foigot-
! ten that, iti proportion to its insignificance, let the decision
1 be what it may, so far as it may nfieet the lew thousand
inhabitants of Kansas, who have, from the begmniug, re-
sisted the laws, for this very jeswm the rejection of the
constitution will be so much the more keenly felt by the
people of fourteen of the Suites of this Union, where slavery
is lecogmzed under the Constitution of the United States."
And here we have, in a single sentence, the
whole matter summed up by the President him-%
self. And I will venture the assertion that, if
he had not given-this reason himself, but I had
charged it upon him, it would have been hurled
back as false by every friend of the President upon
the floor of this House. If I had asserted that he
