1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*81'-
Mr. FENTON. I desire to offer a resolution.
Mr. SAVAGE, I rise to a question of order.
Under the resolution adopted by the House, the
gentleman from New York cannot legitimately
offer more than one bill or resolution.
' The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman objects
to the introduction of the resolution.
• Mr. GROW. I thought the understanding was
that any resolution might be introduced to which
there was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee objects to the resolution.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Lewis Benedict have permission to with-
dtaw Ins papeis ftom the files of the Cierk's office, tor the
purpose of filing them in the Indian office.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not customary
to leave copies of the papers withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. Not when they are with-
drawn for the purpose of reference to the Depart-
ments; but only when they are finally withdrawn
from the files of the House.
The resolution was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill es-
tablishing the collection districts of the United
States, and designating the ports of entry and
ports of delivery in the same, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ISSUE OF A REGISTER*
Mr. HATCH introduced a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register or en-
rollment to the vessel called the James Mclndoc,
now owned by Thomas Coatsworth, James Gr.
Coatsworth, and William Coatsworth, of Buffalo,
!New York; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
UTAH AFFAIRS.
Mr. BENNETT. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Re&olved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested, it not mcomputihle with the public
interests, to commuoicato to thus liouae all the infonnation
lie may possess of the existing state of things iu the Teru-
to'ry of Utah, and whellici or not the people of said Terri-
tory are in a state of in^in reef ion or rebellion ; also, a state-
ment of the number of United States troops oideied to said
Territory, with a copy of the oideis and Distinctions given
to the officer m command ; al>o, tne position and condition
of baid tioops at the Uto-n intelligence; with all such other
information relating to the condition of said Tomtoiy, and
of the imhtaiy loree ordeied to the same, as lie may deem
proper to communicate.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York that he modify his resolu-
tion so as not to call for the instructions given to
the officer commanding the troops sent against the
people of Utah.
Mr. SAVAGE. I understand that the resolu-
tion under which we are now acting provides that
resolutions are to be introduced for reference only.
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding
of the Chair. Is the resolution objected to?
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the resolution in its
present shape; but, at the same time, I suggest to
the gentleman from New Yoik that he modify it
by omitting the call for the instructions given to
the commanding officer of the Utah expedition,
lie will thus obviate the objection that 1 have to
it. I desire to have the resolution passed, except
so far as to the instructions given to the officer in
command.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
when a resolution gives rise to debate, that con-
stitutes an objection. Does the gentleman from
Missouri object to the resolution?
Mr. PHELPS. I do, sir.
Mr. KEITT. On the ground, I presume, that
the House has already decided that the Territory
of Utah is in a state of rebellion.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. 1 do not object to
that portion of the resolution; but I do object to
the portion calling for the instructions given to the
commanding officer.
Mr. KEITT. The House lias already determ-
ined that, the Territory of Utah is in a state of re-
bellion, and now it is proposed to inquire whether
it is so or not!
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
BREAKWATER IN DELAWARE BAY.
Mr. CLAWSON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
breakwater at or near Crow shoal, in the Delaware bay, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
EQUALIZATION OF PENSIONS.
Mr. FLORENCE introduced a bill to equalize
the Army, Navy, and marine pensions; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.'
TITLE OF CAPTAIN-IN-CHIEF.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the President of tihe United
States to confer the title of captain-in-chief for
eminent services.
Mr. KEITT. I object to that.
Mr. SAVAGE. If the resolution is to be re-
ferred to a committee, I will not object to its in-
troduction.
Mr. KEITT. I object to it anyhow.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW introduced a bill to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain;
which was read a first and sccond time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GROW. I liave another bill which I de-
sire to introduce.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; the gentleman has
had his share.
Mr. GROW. I desire to introduce the bill for
reference only.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has intro-
duced' one bill.
Mr. GROW. Was there, in the resolution, any
limit to the number of bills a member might in-
troduce?
The SPEAKER. There was an implied limit;
at least, that is the understanding of the Chair.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. I did not so under-
stand the resolution. I understood that it pro-
vided that the States should be called for bills and
resolutions for reference only.
The SPEAKER. Bills and resolutions to which
there should be no objection.
Mr. GROW. I understand the rule to be, that
when the States arc regularly called, members are
limited to the introduction of one resolution, but
are notlimited to the introduction of one bill. The
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] limits members to no specific num-
ber of bills. How, then, does the Chair imply
the understanding of which he speaks? The rule
of the IIousc points us to one resolution, but not
to one bill ?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is
explicit in reference to resolutions.
Mr. GROW. Certainly; but not as to bills.
The SPEAKER. The practice under it has
been to allow members to introduce but one bill
each.
Mr. GROW. If the Chair will hear me for a
moment, I think he will see that he is mistaken.
When notices of intention to introduce bills have
been given, members have been allowed to intro-
duce such bills when the States are called for res-
olutions.
The SPEAKER. Tiutonlyone. That has been
the uniform practice of the House, if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania can indicate one ex-
ception to the practice, the Chair will be glad to
have the ruling corrected.
Mr. GROW. I understand differently; but I
will not insist upon the question of order. I have
a lusolution which I desne to offer.
INFORMATION ABOUT KANSAS.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be lequestcd to communi-
cate to the lloii^c copies ot all instructions by hun^eU" or
any ho,id of Dcpnitrnent to the Governor or other execu-
tive otlicor m the Tcintoiy ot Kansa?, and all correspond-
ence with the same, tosethc: with a copy of the executive
minutes of said Teriitoiy, not aheady communicated to
Cougioss. ALo, a copy of the constitution founed at Le-
compton, togethei with a copy of the cen.-un and letuui of
the votes in the election of delegates to said convention,
and the returns of the election held in paid 'JVintoiy on
the 21 of December la&t, with the number of votes then
polled in each election prccmct ms-aid Tenitorv, and copies
of any othei official papeis in possession of'the Secretary of
State relative to Kaunas aff.iu , not already communicated
to (Jongiess.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object. The gentleman has
already introduced one.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. I have the authority of
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and of
other members around me, that it has been the
custom under the call of the States for resolu-
tions to introduce more than one bill for each
member.
Mr. SAVAGE. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion till after each member has had an opportu-:
nity of getting in one bill.
DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, in pursuance
of previous notice, introduced a bill making ap-
propriations for the continuance of the harbor
improvements in the river Delaware; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to offer a bill to es-
tablish a branch of the Mint of the United States
at the city of New York, and have it referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
TOBACCO MANUFACTURE.
Mr. BOCOCK offered the following resolution:
Tiesolved, That the pioceedmgs of tile late convention of
tobacco manufacturers, held at the city of Richmond on
the 3d day of December, 1857, together with all memorials
of tobacco manufacturers, and others, touching the subjects
considered by said convention, be referred to a select com-
mittee of five members.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman will refer
the subject to the Committee on Agriculture, I will
make no objection. That is the proper place for
it, and it is probably the only business that com-
mittee will have before them the present session.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman insists on his
objection, I will give the subject the reference he
desires. My reasons for referring the matter to
a special committee are, that the subject is one in
which the interests of the constituents of only a
few of us arc concerned. I wished, therefore, to
have it referred to a committee which will take the
trouble to consider the subject and report on it.
Mr. MORGAN. X have no doubt the Com-
mittee on Agriculture will give the subject all the
attention the gentleman desires.
Mr. BOCOCK. Very well; if the gentleman
insists on his objection, I will modify the resolu-
tion so as to refer the subject to the Committee on
Agriculture.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
OMISSION IN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to introduce a bill
to supply an omission in the enrollment of a cer-
tain act therein named.
Mr. BENNETT. I object.
WASHINGTON ELECTIONS.
Mr. GOODE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced abill regulating the municipal elections
in the city of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that com-
mittee will also take into consideration the regu-
lation of the elections in the city of Georgetown.
JOHN V. DOBBIN.
Mr. WINSLOW, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill for the relief of John V.
Dobbin, Into a purser in the Navy of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NORTH CAROLINA CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. WINSLOW also, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to alter the place
of holding the fall term of the circuit court for the
district of North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
NORTH CAROLINA CHEROKEES.
Mr. CLINGMAN introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs inquire
into the expediency of amending the fourth aud fifth acc-
