1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
Kansas as adhering with treasonable pertinacity
to a government in direct opposition to the gov-
ernment recognized by Congress. And for what
offense is this wholesale charge of treason and
traitor made: Why simply and only because the
inhabitants of Kansas—oppressed and wronged
by invasion from Missouri, deprived of represent-
ation in their own Legislature, their towns burned,
their citizens murdered, their country laid waste,
and every principle of the organic law of the Ter-
ritory violated—after having petitioned the Gen-
eral Government for relief, without success, and
having been refused protection when demanded,
called a convention, framed a constitution, and
asked of the Congress of the United States to bo
admitted, as an independent State,into the Union.
They asked not themselves to supersede the.ter-
ritorial government—their movement was in sub-
serviency to that government, and would so re-
main, until the territorial government should be
superseded by the action of Congress itself, m the
admission of such new State. This was the letter
and spirit of the movement for which they have
been denounced as traitors and rebels. That con-
stitution has been twice submitted to a direct vote
of the people, and each time received a majority
of all the votes in the Territory; and each time
with the avowed purpose of submitting it to Con-
gress for approval; thus directly acknowledging
the power of the Government over all her organic
laws in the Territory.
But, sir, this was not the objection. The real
objection was, the Topeka constitution prohibited
slavery and ran counter to the darling object of
that portion of the Union in whose hands are
held the issues of life and death of presidential
aspirants. This act was the act of the people, a
large majority of the people of Kansas, as 1 pre-
sume will be admitted on all sides of this House;
still they are called rebels, traitors, and dangerous
disturbers of the peace of the nation.
Why does not the President denounce the peo-
ple of Minnesota, they having formed a constitu-
tion with a view to admission into the Union,
have elected members of a State Legislature who
are now in session, assuming to exercise control
over and to pass laws for the government of the
people of Minnesota: and yet it is not a State—
not a member of this Confederacy. I-Jcr teruto-
rial government has not been abrogated by Con-
gress, and yet it is practically abrogated by the
assumed State government. True, tliejr had an
enabling act, yet you and they acknowledge the
further action of Congress necessary to their
admission and the abrogation of their territorial
government. This action of Congress was what
the people of Kansas asked for their Topeka con-
stitution; nothing more, nothing less; but the in-
terest of slavery demanded the one, and not the
other; hence the one is legal, the other treasonable.
Sir, is this the low estate to which the Chief
Magistrate of this groat nation has fallen when
talking officially of a hundred thousand lroemen,
as loyal to our Government as any people on
earth, and whose only crime is, they love freedom
and hate oppression m any form ?
I have followed these indications, thus far, for
the purpose of showing that the simie cause and
object that prompted the first wrong in Kansas j
has produced like results until the present hour; '
and for the further purpose of showing that the ,
continued, pertinacious,and dcteimined prosccu- j
tion of the original design proves, conclusively, ■
that no change of policy will be adopted by our j
opponents uniil the great question that lies at the ,
bottom o'f all this is fully and frankly met and de- j
cided. And, sir, this question is reaching its cul- |
minuting point; this momentous question must i
and will be decided. Whatever its results, how- j
soever startling its consequences, a decision must j
soon be made; theday of compromises has passed; !
and I wish gentlemen to understand that we do |
not propose or desire a compromise upon this sub- t
ject. It admits of no compromise. I believe that j
the people of the North have calmly and deliber- j
atoly taken their position on this question, with !
a determination not to recede, but with an equal |
determination not to ask more than is their just j
right. . j
The immediate proposition, Mr,. Chairman, :
then is, shall Kansas bccom« one of the States of ,
tins Union, under the Lecnmpton constitution ? ;
JSiot, sir, whether the Topeka constitution, so j
called, is right, or whether it has received the an- i
probation of a majority of the people of that Ter-
ritory; but simply, will Congress declare the Le-
compton constitution the organic law of the State
of Kansas, under all the facts and circumstances
■within our knowledge concerning the condition
and wants of the people of that Territory? And
this must depend, not only upon their wishes,but
also on the authority of Congress in the premises.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that "new States may be admitted into this
Union." Here is found the only power, in my
judgment, that Congress possesses on the subject
of the formation or admission of new States. This
part of the Constitution, construed with a view
to and in accordance with the theory of our Gov-
ernment, contains ample and abundant power to
accomplish the object designed, and yet in no wise
infringes the great elementary principle of our
Government, that the people, in their sovereign
capacity, have the right, unrestricted, to form and
alter their own government at will. This pro-
vision most clearly contemplates the action of two
distinct powers—one, the new State seeking ad-
mission; the other, the United States Government,
to which application is made. It assumes and de-
clares that Congress is to deal with the applicant
for admission as a community prepared in form
of political organization, to immediately, on ad-
mission, assume the character and position of an
independent State. And nowhere in the Consti-
tution will gentlemen be able to find any power
in Congress to make or form State governments,
but do find, in the clause before referred to, the
express recognition of the principle that the peo-
ple of the State applying for admission have ex-
ercised their inherent power of sovereignty in the
organization of a State government; and which
only requires the consent of Congress to perfect
its character as one of the States of this Union.
It will be perceived that this view is correct, and
in consonance with the theory of the Government
of our Confederacy, when we reflect that each
State government is the result of the action of the
people of each State, and that the General Gov-
ernment is the result of the action of the States.
Hence the States form the national Government,
and give it all its power, which is utterly incon-
sistent with the position that the General Govern-
ment does, or ean, form or induce the forming or
creation of a new State. Here, then, by an almost
irresistible implication, is the right of the people
of our Territories to form a State government
preparatory to admission into the Union. On the
other hand, the power of Congress in this clause
is plain, simple, and direct: full and plenary in
its grant of discretionary power to n'dmit or reject,
but full only to that extent, and no implication
beyond that; because such consti action would be
a direct attack upon the sovereign power of the
people, which is recognized and acknowledged as
a natural and constitutional right.
Nor does this view of the subject in any de-
gree impair the doctrine that the sovereign power
for the government of the Territories rests m Con-
| gress, by virtue of the Constitution; for while the
! people of a Territory may, by reason of their m-
| herentand constitutional right, of their own mo-
i tion, prepare a State government for admission,
| still, until such admission is consummated by
j the action of Congress, such organization cunnut
i perform the functions of a State government: and
the people must remain under, and subject to, the
i territorial government until thnt government is ab-
! rotated by the action of Congress itself, by the
I admission of anew State, Hence the procedure
; of the people in such case is not in conflict with,
I but hi subserviency to, the power of Congress in
! the Territories.
j I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that the opinion
j prevails to some extent that enabling acts, com-
i monly so called, are indispensable to the forma-
! tion of a Stc*c government by the people of a T^r-
; ritory. But, m my judgment, they are, when they
i assume the right to direct the mode, time, and
manner, when and bv which a people are to pio-
ceed infixing and establishing their own organic
act, in direct conflict with the spirit ol the Con-
stitution and the rights of the people.
! The very nature and character of a Statu oigamc
j law repels the assumption that its authority can
I be found in legislation anywhere. It is tne firft
: bieathmg of the sovereign power oi the people;
! it is the formation of on independent sovereignty
. —a power higher and above all legislation, it is
the power from which legislation may result. If
it is, then, the right of the people, in their sover-
eign capacity, either as a natural or constitutional
right, how, and with what reason, can it be con-
tended that it can be controlled by legislation, ter-
ritorial or national? And here, in connection with
this view of the subject, I propose a reference to
the opinions of American statesmen and jurists:
Extracts from the works of James Wilson, of Pennsylvania,
formerly Jtesociate Justice o f the Supreme Court of the
United States.
" Penuit me to mention one great principle, the vitnl prin-
ciple I may well call it, whieli diffuses animation and vigor
through all the others. The principle i mean is tins: that
the supreme or sovereign power ot' the soeicty resides in
the citizens at large; and that, therefore, thev always retaia
the right of abolishing, altering, or amending this constitu-
tion, at whatever time, and in whatever manner, they bhali
deem it expedient."—Vol. I, p. 17.
" As to the people, however, m whom the sovereign
power resides: from their authority the constitution ongiu-
ates ; for their safety and felicity it is established •> m their
htfnds it is as clay in the hands of the potter: they have the
right to mold, to pieserve, lo improve, to refine, and to
fiuhh it a& they pleat e. If so, can it he doubted that tliey
have the light likewise to change it?"—Vol. 1. p. 418.
Again, Judge Story, in commenting on the sov-
ereign power of the people in forming the first
general or national Government, says:
" Thus was organized, under the auspices and with the
consent of the people, acting directly in their primary, sov-
ereign capacity, and without the inteivention of the func
tionaiies to whom the ordmaiy powers of governmentwere
delegated m the Colonies, the lh t generator national Gov-
ernment.
'•The Congress thus* assembled exercised, de facto ant!
<lejurc, a sovereign authority—not as the delegated agents
of the Government de facto of the Colonies, but in virtue of
oiijrmal poweis derived fiom th« people."—Story's Com-
mentaries on the Cojistitutiori} vol. 1, pp. 1B."5,186.
This power being, then, paramount to all law,
it follows that any abridgment of it would be a
restriction and abridgment of the rights of the
people in their first great act of sovereignty; and
this principle applies as well to the legislative acts
of Congress as to the acts of a Territorial Legis-
lature.
But again, sir: what right has Congress to pre-
scribe conditions to the people in the formation of
a State constitution i3 Iknowofnonc. The Con-
stitution only provides that Congress may admit
new States, not form them; and there being a dis-
cretion as to such admission, it can, of course, re-
ject, so that the only power that Congress can
exert is a negative power—the power to refuse
such State admission and nothing more, if, how-
ever, Congress has power over the subject of the
formation of new States, such legislation is bind-
ing; otherwise, its acts would be without force. It
will hardly be denied that Congress has no power
to compel the people of a Territory to assume a
i State form of government; and yet most clearly it
J would possess that power, if by the passage of an
i enabling act you can direct the mode, manner,
1 and time of the formation of a State constitution.
I With such power conceded, it would only be ne~
; eessarv for Congress to direct the holding of a con-
i ventioh, under such restrictions as might be des-
! i^nated, to form a constitution, in order to compel
1 the people of a Territory to assume a government
! in form and character opposed to their wishes,
i and in direct conflict with theiracknowledg^dsov-
| ereignty in forming* the government under which
i they live; and if Congress docs not possess this
! power, J ask in what consists the validity of con-
j gressional enabling acts ? And if Congress does
i not possess this posver, most clearly Tentorial
| Legislatures do not, they possessing only the
! power that Congress could, and may have dele-
•I gated in their territoiial organic acts.
|! I} therefoie, can but consider all enabling acts
j'inappropriate, only when the justness and pro-
ji pnety of their provisions commend them to the
;; approbation of the people to be affected, as con-
'j venient advisory rules of action for the people, in
■! declaring theirwill, butof no more force than any
i; regulations adopted in primary meetings or con-
II yentions of the people for the same object. And
jj in no other view can enabling acts be considered
jl consistent with the principle of the sovereignty
i! of the people in forming their own organic law,
!i preparatory to asking admission into this Union,
j; Mr. Madison, in considering the mode and man-
:• nor of the formation of new governments, and the
i' change ami alterations of existing ones, with a
j1 direct view to the sovereignty of the people, in
abolishing or altering governments, uses this
j; language:
j | " They [tlm mcmbeis of the convention] must have re-
