1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
fleeted, that in all great changes of established govern-
ments, forms ought to give way to substance; that a rigid
adherence in such cases to the former would render nom-
inal and nugatory the transcendent and precious right of
the people to 'abolish or alter their Govermnentas to them
shall seem mosthkely to effect their safety and happiness,'
since it is impossible for the people spontaneously and uni-
versally to move in concert towards their object j and it is
therefore essential that such changes be instituted by some
informal and unauthorized propositions, made by some pa-
triotic and respectable citizen, or number of citizens. They
must have recollected, that it was by this irregular and as-
sumed privilege of proposing to the people plans for their
safety and happiness, that the States were first united
against the danger with which they were threatened by
their ancient government; that committees and congresses
were formed for concentrating their efforts, and defending
their rights, and that conventions were elected in the sev-
eral States for establishing the constitutions under which
they are now governed. Nor could it have been forgotten
that no little ill-timed scruples, no zeal for adhering to or-
dinary forms, were anywhere seen, except in those who
wished to indulge, under these masks, their secret enmity
to the substance contended for."—Federalist.
From this it will be seen that, in the opinion of
Mr. Madison, no legislative sanction or guides
are necessary to direct the people in the exercise
of their sovereign power. He deemed it compe-
tent for those in whose hands was the power to
direct its use.
Mr. Chairman, I deduce from all this that the
manner in which the object is accomplished is
not material, so that a conviction has been pro-
duced on the minds of this body that the measure
has received the approbation and consent of the
people to be affected by it. And it will not, with
me, bear the weight of a rush whether the consti-
tution, now presented, was formed under the au-
spices of congressional or territorial legislation, in-
formal conventions, or the Lecomptoruconvention
even, provided the people have ratified it, and
given their consent to its provisions. Then, sir,
and not until then, should it be considered the act
and deed of the people of Kansas. This I submit
as my ajjpwer to all that class of argument which
has been relied on to prove that the Lccompton
constitution should meet the approbation of this
House, because it was, as is claimed, formed un-
der the color and form of the law.
And this I understand to be the principle to
be deduced from the action of our Government,
from its formation to the present time, m the ad-
mission of new States. Enabling acts have been
passed and acted upon, and yet States have been
admitted without them; constitutions have been
submitted to a direct vote of the people, and yet
States have been admitted without such vote; but
in no case, even for a moment, has the idea been
seriously entertained of admitting a new State into
this Union without a submission of its constitu-
tion to a fair and dircct vote of the people for
approval or rejection, where there was a question
even in relation to the ocquiescence of the entire
people in its provisions. If the people arc all sat-
isfied with a proposed constitution, and that is
made known by mass meetings, conventions, or
otherwise, a vote under such circumstances might
be dispensed with; but even then such course
would be of doubtful expediency, and I know of
no way by which the will of a people can be as
well and fairly known, as by the submission of
the question to be decidcd to a direct vote. And
it is certainly extraordinary that the people of
Kansas should be denied that mode of the expres-
sion of their will in the important act of the form-
ation of their State constitution, when it is re-
membered that this mode of decision is adopted
in all questions in our national or State Govern-
ments, either of a political or organic character,
from the least to the greatest. And if no other
object was to be attained but a clear expression
of the opinions of the people of Kansas, I doubt
not this vexed question would bo soon settled.
This view of the subject seems to have been
entertained by Mr. Buchanan so late as the date
of his instructions to Mr. Walker, then Gov-
ernor. He says:
" The sacred right of each individual must he preserved,
and that being accomplished, nothing can be tuner than to
leave the people, of'the Ten itory, free Irom all mterlerence,
to decide their own destiny lor themselves."
Again:
" When such a constitution shall he submitted to the peo-
ple of the Termoiy, they mu^t he protected in the exeieise
oi their light of voting for 01 a<:am t that instrument; and
the fair expr^f sjon of the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by traud or violence."
And it would have been fortunate for the coun-
try if Mr. Buchanan had entertained these views
but for a few brief months longer; but all earthly
things are changeable. Change is written upon
all around us, and nowhere more plainly than in
the policy of the present Administration in re-
gard to tne affairs of Kansas. At one time labor-
ing under the delusion that the pro-slavery party
in Kansas had in their influence a majority of the
votes, it was safe to talk of the " sacred rights of
each individual;" but, sir, when he awoke to the
unwelcome fact that at least three fourths of the
inhabitants were opposed to slavery, " a change
came o'er the spirit of his dream;" and then, sir 
before his distorted imagination, was presented
the bonds of union broken, and the nation in ruin,
unless Kansas becomes a slave State. And as if
lashed and goaded with a recollection of the past,
he implores the people of Kansas to receive the
Lecompton constitution, with the sickly assurance
that the time will come when they will be per-
mitted to be a free people in the changing of their
own constitution.
Mr. Chairman, it is well known and so ad-
mitted, that the great and almost only question
involved in the controversy of the Lecompton
constitution, is the question of slavery; and what-
ever may be said to the contrary, it is neverthe-
less true that that is the question recognized by
the country as paramount to all other questions
now at issue. No other question could have so
aroused the country, and worked such astounding
results in dissolving the iron bands of party alle-
giance. And on this question the people of this
nation are in advance of the politicians, and are
leading their forces to a direct solution of this un-
fortunate yet important question on which the
people of Kansas have been denied the right of a
fair vote in the submission of the Lecompton con-
stitution.
But it is said that this constitution has been
fairly submitted to a vote of the people for their
approval or rejection. The convention which
framed this constitution? with all its acts of fraud,
and in this they could boast great attainments,
were not bold enough to assume the power to en-
force their constitution without some appearance
of a submission of it to a vote of the people, and
in this is conceded the want of power in the con-
vention to declare what shall be the provisions
of the constitution without the ratification of the
people. With what reason, then, can our oppo-
nents say that the members of the Lecompton
convention were the proper persons to exercise
the entire sovereign power of the people? They
themselves did not assume that power; the con-
stitution assumes to provide for a vote, and they
pretended to submit it to a vote of the people. Hut,
sir, they intended to cheat and defiaud the people
into a ratification of their acts, by requiring an
affirmative, and not permitting a negative vote.
Hence, they provided for its submission in the
following manner: they declared that the consti-
tution should be submitted "to all the white male
inhabitants of this Territory for approval or dis-
I approval;" and " that the ballots cast at said elec-
tion shall be indorsed ' constitution with slavery'
and i constitution without slavery,' and that if a
majority should be found for the constitution with
slavery, the constitution should be transmitted to
Congress; but if there was a majority for the con-
stitution without slavery, then the article provid-
ing for slavery should be stricken out; but the
right of property in slaves then m the Territory
should m no manner be interfered with."
This mode and kind of submission could not be
dignified with the character of even apparent fair-
ness. It was esteemed by the people—and justly
so, I believe—as an unqualified insult to the free-
State men. They, as conscientious men, were op-
posed to slavery, and desired to make Kansas a
free State. They had been taught that freedom was
no crime. They had been taught, and believed,
that they had as clear a right to vote Kansas, not
only partly, but entirely a free State, as the pro-
slavery men had to vote it a slave State in whole or
in part; but of this they were deprived. True, sir,
on condition of adopting all other parts of the con-
stitution, with its (in their estimation) monstrous
provisions,they might exercise the poor ptivilege
of not making Kansas a free State, but of making
it a lesser slave State. And in this manner every .
man was compelled to vote for slavery, or not to j
vote at all. This, sir, no honest free-State man \
could do. Sir, it was an insult and mockery. If i
they believed that slavery was wrong—and I sup- j
pose they had a right to believe so—I submit to !
any honest, honorable mind, whether the fact of
there being onethousand orone hundred thousand
slaves in Kansas, held by authority of its constitu-
tion, could make one particle of difference m the
principle. And, sir, I put no high estimate of
honorable intention on the motives of him who
honestly desired Kansas to become a free State,
that could accommodate his conscience to voting
it a perpetual slave State, although it might be re-
stricted in the number of its slaves. And this
being the only question on which a vote could be
cast, it did, in elfect and practically so, deny the
right of free suffrage to every free-State man in
that Territory; and no one can fairly escape from
this conclusion. How many slaves there were,
or is now, I know not; nor do I care, for the pur-
pose of this argument. Men had a right to vote
for a free government, without spot or blemish.
This has been denied them. With what grace
they will submit to this decision, time must de-
termine.
But not content with this monstrous provision,
at section nine of the schedule we find the follow-
ing:
<k Sec. 9. Any person offering to vote at the aforesaid
election upon said constitution shall be challenged to take
an oath to tuppoit the Constitution of the United States,
and to support this constitution, under the penalties of per-
jury under the territorial laws."
Sir, human ingenuity was profuse of evil
schemes, at the formation of this constitution, to
prevent any opposition to its provisions. Sub-
mitted fairly, says the President, for approval or
rejection; submitted " for approval or disapprov-
al," is the language of the schedule, and yet be-
fore a man could vote at that election, he must
raise his hand before God and man, and swear to
support the very instrument he abhors, and which
we are told he could disapprove and reject by his
vote. Was common honesty ever moie at fault?
Now I demand, in the name of reason and truth,
can he who possesses one honorable impulse or
truthful emotion reject, oppose, or disapprove a
constitution he has solemnly sworn to support,
by a vote given on the condition of such an oath ?
But, as if not content with this effect of the pre-
scribed oath, we find in the constitution the fol-
lowing provision, to which this oath extends,
pledging, under the pains and penalties of per-
jury, the support of the voter to its principles:
" Sec. 1. The right nf property is before and higher than
any constitutional sanction, and the right of the owner of a
slave to such slave and its increase is"the same, and as in-
violable the right of the owner of any piopeity what-
ever."
Was ever such oath required before ? Never;
no, never. And no emergency could now have
induced its requirement but the establishment of
human slavery. The view I have taken of the
result of this submission is fully admitted m a
recent number of the Charleston Mercury. That
paper contains the following:
" We lay before our readeis this morning the message of
the PiCnident of the United State?. It is, as was to be ex-
pected, an able document, sound in almost ali of it* posi-
tions, and woithy of the Chief Magistrate of our gieat con-
fedeiated Republic. The mam point ofdiificulty and delicacy
isj in the artair? of Kansas. He thinks that the convention
of Kansas, in submitting only the clause in the constitution
ielating to slavery, has fulfilled what tic supposes to be the
lequisirion of the Kan&as-Nebia>ka act. We are equally
satisfied with the action of the convention. We differ, too,
with the President as to what is submitted to the vote of the
people. We do not think that the question of.slavery or no
slavery is -ubimtted to the vote of the people. Whether the
clause in the constitution u voted out or voted in, slavery
exists, and has a guarantee in the constitution that it .shall
not he lmerieied with ; whilst, if the slaveiy parry in Kan-
sas can kef p or get the majority of the Legislature, they
may open wide the door for the nomination of slaves. But
this, also, is a small matter of diffeience with the President.
It is enough foi u^ that he goes with the South in the policy
of admitting Kansas into the Union with the constitution
she shall pie.*ent, whether with or without the slavery
clause. We heaiuly suppoit his poiicj, although we may
not agice in all I113 reasoning. And, above all, we rejoice
for the sake of our oid partiality, anil our advocacy of him
before he readied the illustrious dignity of the Presidency,
that he has not soiled hid fame by identifying it with
Walker."
The same result is admitted in the Lecomp-
ton Democrat, of November 19, in which, speak-
ing of the submission of the constitution to the
people, it says:
"Ihit, at all events, the rlavery question should have
befn fully find fairly put to the people for then deeiMon.
Tln , as we understand it, has not been done. No matter
how tiie people may vote, if this* constitution should prnvad,
Kansas will be a slave State. We wouid not object to tins
lesuit if the people s-hou'd so will it; but we think they
should have a full oppoiturmy to detennine the character
ot the institutions of the new State."
