182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
tions of the act entitled " An act making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment," &c.j approved 29th July, 1848, so as to regulate the
payment of the interest due the North Carolina Cherokees
"on funds held in trust for them by the United States,under
said act, so a3 to estimate the interest on what remains due
in each year, on the 29th of July, agreeably to a census roll
of said Indians; and in case of the death of any of the
Indians, to estimate the interest to the time of payment,
which, with the principal of $58 33, to be paid over to the
legal representatives of said Indians remaining in the State
of North Carolina at the time of payment; and in case of
there being no heirs-at-lawto receive it, then to pay over the
same to the survivois of that portion of the tribe and their
legal representatives, in accordance with the laws of the
State.
• Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire whether
that is an instruction to the committee to so re-
port, or a mere matter of inquiry?
Mr. CLING-MAN. A mere matter of inquiry.
The resolution was adopted.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GILMER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to communicate t*"  this flou&e a statement of the annual
amounts of the public lands that have been sold or disposed
of by the United States, and ot' tlie annual amounts that i
hAve been granted to the States and corporations and com- '
panics, and to individuals respectively, with the dates of the
giants and appropriations, and for what purposes granted ;
a!so,theamounts paid to the several States icspectively as
a percentage on the sums received l y the (Jmted States
upon the sales of thp public lands ; and that lie report also
the amount of public lands yet remaining to the United
States.
TEXAS MOUNTED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. KEITT. I introduce a bill, prepared by
my friend from Texas, [Mr. Bryan,] who is of
the opinion that the exigency of the moment de-
mands its passage at an eaily day. It is entitled
" A bill to raise and organize for the defense of
the frontier of Texas one regiment of mounted
volunteers."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
DISTRICT COURTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. MILES introduced a bill to alter the time
of holding the United States district courts m
South Carolina; which was read a first and secoiul
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
REVENUE LAWS, ETC.
Mr. BOYCE submitted the following1 resolu-
tion:
Rewired, That a committee of seven be appointed, to
which shall be refened to inquire into and u-poit on the
following subjects, viz :
A i eduction of'the expenditures of the Government;
The navigation laws of the United States;
The exiting dunes on imports; and
The expediency of a giadual repeal of till duties on im-
ports, and a report exclusively to internal taxation.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think that this will give rise
to debate, and I therefore object.
Mr. BOYCE. 1 do not think that it will give
rise to debate.
Mr. SAVAGE. 1 withdiaw my objection.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 renew the objection.
GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. GARTRELL introduced a bill to grant
bounty land to the officers and soldiers of Cap-
tains Joseph H. Burk's and Win. D. Alexander's
companies of Meriwether county (Georgia) vol-
unteers; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
COURT-HOUSE, ETC., IN ALABAMA.
Mr. DOWDELL introduced a bill authorizing
the construction of a building at Montgomery,
State of Alabama, for a court-house and post
olfice; which was read a first and sccond time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. HOUSTON" offered the following lesolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land* lie in-
structed to impure into the expediency oi ho modifj, mi the
act approved August 4. 1&34, "to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to ,u tiuti -.cltiei- and cultivator-',"
that any citizen of the United States, for his oi hei own
Use, may enter three hundied and twenty acie  of the public
lands ut the prices therein specified.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
FISHERY BOUNTIES.
Mr. CURRY asked leave to introduce a bill
repealing all laws or parts of laws allowing boun-
ties to vessels employed in the bank or other cod
fisheries.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, objected.
CREEK INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. SHORTER introduced a bill to provide
for the examination and payment of certain claims
of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on account
of losses sustained by depredations of the Creek
Indians; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB asked leave to introduce a bill to
grant to the State of Alabama, and other States
having public lands therein, the unsold and unap-
propriated public lands that have been in market
for thirty years and upwards, for purposes of
education and internal improvements.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
TERRITORIAL ACT OF UTAH.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territoi les he instructed
to inqmie into and repot t to tins IIou*c. bv bill oroibet-
wit-ejif in then opinion it would nor be expedient to repeal
the terntona! act of Utah, and attach said Temtoiy to other
Terntoues or States adjoining thereto.
Mr. COBB. I ask leave to* offer another reso-
lution.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order. I
hold that I have the right to introduce more than
one resolution. If the Chair decide against me,
I will quote precedents.
Mr. SAVAGE. The Speaker has already de-
cided the point.
Mr. COBB. The same point was raised on
me while Mr. Boyd was Speaker. Mr. Boyd
first sustained the point of order, but subse-
quently he sustained me in the ground I took.
Old members here aie well satisfied that I have
a right to introduce more than one resolution.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hold that the genllemnn has
no right to introduce more than one resolution
under the undeistanding of members when the
order was made under which we are now acting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, and decides that he has no right to oiler j
the resolution when objected to. He refers linn
to the 25th rule.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman objects, I know
I have no right to submit it.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to the gentleman in-
troducing more than one.
NEW ORLEANS RAILROAD. j
Mr. BARKSDALE introduced a bill making
a grant of land to the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi, to aid m the construction of the iNVw
Orleans, Jackson, and Great .Northern laiiroad;
which was read a first and second tune, and re-
furred to the Committee on Public Lands.
AMENDMENT OF THE NEUTRALITY" LAV/.
Mr. GtUJTMAN asked unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to repeal certain sections of the
act passed April 20, 18i<^, commonly called the
neutrality law, and to modify other sections
the re of.
Mr. GROW. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion hardly in time, as the Clerk had commenccd
the second reading of the bill.
Mr. GROW. 1 did not understand what the
bill was until after it was read tiie first time.
Objection being made, the bill was not intro-
duced .
CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC., AT V1CKSBURG.
Mr. SINGLETON offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Re«rt/rr<?,That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to liKjune into the expediency of electing a eiwom-house.
w it!) "Uitable post oflke Imihhm;^ c oiumh ted thciewith, at
the city of Vieksbuig, m she State of Wi^i-Nippi.
MAIL ROUTE IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BARKSDALE introduced a bill to estab-
lish a mail route from Granada to Macon, in the
State of Mississippi; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have another bill, of a
similar character, which I wish to introduce.
Mr. SAVAGE objected.
PUBLIC LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAVIDSON introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to fix the graduation periods
for lands in the Greensburg district, in the State
of Louisiana," approved August 18,1856; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
BAYOU LAFOURCHE.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, introduced a bill
to remove obstructions in the bayou Lafourche,
Louisiana; which was read a first and second time,
and refened to the Committee on Commerce.
PIERRE I3ROUSSARD.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased.
Mr. SAVAGE objected.
JOHN W. CIIEVIS.
Mr. SANDIDGE introduced a bill for the re-
lief of.Tohn W. Chevis, of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr WADE introduced a bill to amend an act.
entitled "A n act to limit the liability of ship-own-
ers, and for other purposes,3,approved March 3,
1851;which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
HARBOR OP BLACK RIVER, OHIO.
Mr. BLISS introduced a bill for completing the
repairs upon the harbor of Black river, upon Lake
Erie, Ohio; which was read a first and second
Ume, and relerred to the Committee on Commerce.
JOSEPH QUIGLEY'S MILITIA COMPANY.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, introduced a bill
granting to the officers, musicians, and privates
of Captain Joseph Cluigley's company of Ohio
militia, in the war of 1812, each one hundred and
sixty acres of land; which was read a fiist and
second tunc, and leferred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask leave to in-
troduce a river improvement bill, merely for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. SAVAGE objected.
MAUMEE BAY.
Mr. MOTT introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the navigation
of the Maumee bay, upon Lake Erie; which was
read a first and second tnne, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
W. KINGSBURY.
Mr. LEITER introduced a bill for the relief of
W. Kingsbury, of Ohio; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. LEITER. I ask leave to introduce another
bill.
Mr. SAVAGE objected.
DEFENDANTS' COSTS IN U. S. COURTS.
Mr. STANTON introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Raolred. That th" sf.indirm Committee on the Judiciary
be ]!i->tincted to mquue into tne expediency of so amending
the law iemulating criminal prosecutions in the courts of
the United States thatdelendauts shall he entitled to recover
their coat- m ca-e-i when- the Government tails m the pio«>-
eeution, and the defendants aie acquitted.
PORTS OF ENTRY AND DELIVERY, ETC.
Mr. HARLAN offered the following resolution;
whi'-h was read, considered, and agreed to:
R(".oh'cJ< That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to furnu>h tin* Ilnu^e with a statement of the
number of port* of eatty and ports of dehveiy now estab-
lished 1)) law, winch in ids opinion are not required for the
coliectinn of the icvenue. and the points and places where
the same aie located, and the cost "and value of the build-
ing beiommi? to ea'eh, and the enure annual cost and
e ipen.^c of maintaining each of them. And further, what
number of revenue cutters aie now equipped and main-
tained hy the Government winch are not reeded foi the
enfoieenient ot the revenue laws, and at what points they
aie hn-ated 01 employed, and the annual cost and expense
of maintaining each of them.
POST OFFICE AT COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Mr. COX submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
