230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
did not care for or regard the interests or wishes
of the people <?f Kansas,in the decision of this
question, but that hia object and purpose were to
§ ratify the wishes of fourteen of the fifteen slave
tates of this Union, it is true I should have said
what I believe, and what the great body of the
people believe,but could not probably have proved
to the satisfaction of the President's friends with-
out the aid of his own admission. I think that
the motive which controlled the Lecompton con-
vention in framing this constitution, as well as
the President in submitting it, may be found in
tliat part of his message which I have just quoted;
and I am willing to leave both him and the Le-
compton convention where they stand on the rec-
ord. And I now ask the members of this House
from the slave States if they now ask us to vote
for the admission of Kansas under this constitu-
tion for such a reason ? Will you vote for it your-
selves for such a reason, or will you vote for it to
avoid the danger, and dissipate the dark and om-
inous clouds which the President sees impending?
Have you so much fear for your own safety, or
the safety of your institutions, that you feel called ,
upon to heed the suggestion of the President, and
disregard the rights and interest of the people of
Kansas in the decision of this question ? And I
would ask the Democrats from the free States if
they willvote for the admission of Kansas, under
this constitution, for such reasons as the Presi-
dent has given ? Are you willing to disregard the
rights of the people of Kansas, and the wishes of
sixteen of 0ie free States, because the people of
fourteen of the fifteen slave States will feci the
rejection of this constitution so very keenly ? If
you are, I must say that your charity not only
does not begin at home, but it does not come home
at all.
There is one other very grave objection to this
constitution, which I wish to mention. I refer to
the fraud and violence which have been perpe-
trated in all the elections in Kansas, and with
which this instrument comes to us tainted. The
small portion of time which remains to me will
not permit mo to dwell upon them; neither ia it
necessary that I should. They are fully estab-
lished by the records of this House and the argu-
ments of those who have preceded mo on this
question. We are now called upon to dccide
whether or not, by accepting this constitution,
we will give encouragement and sanction to the
bold and reckless men who are ever to be found in
and around new Territories, where the restraints
of civilized life are much less felt, and where the
temptations to fraud and violence are much greater
than in other parts of the country, to act over
again, in other new Territories about to organize
their governments, the scenes which have been
witnessed in Kansas, and which have pained the
heart of every good citizen in the land. If there
is any one thing at the present day which de-
mands the stern, uncompromising condemnation
of the American statesman, it is fraud, and every-
thing which has the appearance of fraud, at the
ballot-box. If we wish to maintain the integrity
of our institutions, we must guard well the purity
of the ballot-box. The man who sanctions fraud
or corruption at the ballot-box, in order that he
or his political party may gain advantage thereby,
is a thousand times more false to American insti-
tutions than was the greatest traitor to the cause
of the Revolution. We have aheadyscen that
in one portion of our country this evil could
be cured only by revolution and blood; and un-
less those high in office guard well this sacred re-
pository of constitutional liberty, the evils which
we have already witnessed in that locality will
extend over our whole land, and in proportion to
the magnitude of the evil must be the awful se-
verity of the remedy. Sir, let every American
citizen, whether in high political office or in pri-
vate life, feel that he has committed to him, in the
protection of the ballot-box, a sacred trust, and
let him guard it well from foes without and foes
within.
And in conclusion, I will say that I am satisfied
that the Lecompton constitution is not in fact the
will of the people of Kansas. I am satisfied that
it has no authority of law which requires us to
accept it as the constitution of the people of Kan-
sas. I am satisfied that to admit Kansas into the
Union under it, would be a gross outrage upon
the people of Kansas, and a violation of all the
principles on which our institutions are founded.
I am satisfied it would establish a most dangerous
precedent, the natural consequence of which would
be much embarrassment to the Government in the
organization and administration of other territo-
rial governments, and innumerable evils to the
settlers in the Territories. I am satisfied that the
manifestation of a willingness on the part of the
Congress of the United States to accept as the tfon -
Stitution of a people, about to be admitted into the
Union, an instrument which contains the decla-
ration—
" Art. 7.—Slavery.—Sec. 1. The right of property is he-
fore and higher than any constitutional sanction, and the
light of the owner of a slave to such slave and its increase
is the same, and as inviolable as tin;,right of the owner of
any property whatever—"
would not only be a lasting disgrace to this Gov-
ernment and the people of this country, but a
blot on the world's history which all time could
not efface. And I hope that we shall remit this
instrument to those from whom we received it,
and either give to the people of Kansas such en-
abling act as shall be suited to their condition and
wants, or leave them to form a constitution at
such time as they may choose, and transmit it to
Congress with such verification that it is the em-
bodied will of the people as shall fully authorize
Congress to admit Kansas into the Union under
it, on an equal footing with the original States.
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
op louisiana,
In the House op Representatives,
March 29,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Umon—
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, said:
Mr. Chairman: I present myself to the House
with somewhat of unwillingness at this time, and
the more so because it had not been my intention
to address it, it had not been my design to take
part in this discussion until within the last two
days, and I have not had the opportunity even of
making any notes. But, Mr. Chairman, what
hsis fallen from some of the gentlemen who have
spoken upon this subject in the latter part of the
debate, and what has just fallen under my eye,
which was spoken in the other end of the Capitol in
the course of the debate there, have suggested to
my mind some views which have a connection with
the question which we are about to decide, and
which I have thought it not improper for me to
present, at this time, to the House, and through
the House to the country. It is not my purpose
to go into the argument in relation to the consti-
tution presented to us as coming from Kansas; it
is not my design to enter into the particular issues
which have been brought before the House, in
connection with what is now known as the "Kan-
sas question," That question, as now presented
to us, has been fully discussed by those who have
preceded me, and it would be but a waste of time
for me to attempt to go over it again.
My wish is to go beyond the apparent issue
which we are now called upon to decide. The po-
sition of Kansas is but an incident in the progress
of the great question which has agitated the Union
for years, and the objection now made to the ad-
mission of Kansas is a mere pretext for the agita-
tion of that great question. The slavery question,
Mr. Chairman, is brought before us by the op-
ponents of the admission of Kansas; and as that
is fhe only question now really at issue, notwith-
standing all of the shallow pretexts set up to con-
ceal it, the only one which the people of the United
States are truly called upon to decide, I shall refer
to it, and then proceed to give utterance to my ■
views with respect to the attitude of that question 1
at this time, and with respect to the future which
lies before us, which will soon be revealed to our
view.
Mr. Chairman, this contest, of which the issue j
in relation to Kansas is the mere incident, dates !
back very far into the past." It is an agitation con- ;
nected with the existence of slavery, it is true; but
it is an agitation which had its origifi neither in
the spirit of philanthropy or in any peculiar feel-
ing on the subject of that institution, but in the
lust for political power. It is well known to this
House, as it is to the whole country, that when
the Constitution of the United States was adopted,
almost all the States of the Union were slavehold-
ing States. It is well known that after the adop-
tion of the Constitution the people of the United
States were divided into parties. The first divis-
ion which took place related to the exercise of
political power. We had upon the one hand those
in favor of State rights, and in favor of restraining
the action of the General Government within the
narrowest limits; we had, upon the other hand,
those who favored a strong and a consolidated
Government. In the issue which grew up between
them, it was the fortune of the whole South to
take one side of that controversy, and the agri-
cultural portion of the North went with them. At
a subsequent day, a new arrangement of parties
took place, in part influenced by the relations ex-
isting between this country and Europe. When
the spirit of Democracy displayed itself in France,
when a new system of Government was estab-
lished by her people, a portion of the people of
the United States sympathized with them. An-
other portion felt no such sympathies, but, on the
contrary, their feelings were knit to the policy pur-
sued by the mother country, which, allied with
the other Powers of Europe, was then engaged in
a contest against that new-born Republic.
In the divisions that followed that new state
of facts the same circumstances occurred. The
masses of the southern people were Democrats.
A portion of the northern people were Democrats
also. But another portion—those who were en-
gaged in commerce, those who were under Eng-
lish influence, those who were connected with that
policy that looked forward with satisfaction to a
national debt, to a funding system—took the op-
posite side. These contests continued; and while
they went on, State after State in the northern
poition of the United States got rid of slavery;
and why? Because there was any spirit of phi-
lanthropy abroad? Not at all. It was then a
question looked at without excitement. Tt was
a question which produced no agitation. Slavery
was got rid <?f in State after State because it was
no longer the interest of the people of those States
to maintain the institution.
While these changes were going on this coun-
try was embroiled in a foreign war. That foreign
war had the effect of associating all those who
were engaged in commerce—which was peculi-
arly affected by the war—in one body, in oppo-
sition to the measures of the General Govern-
ment. The great masses of the people, resident
in the country, those engaged in agricultural pur-
suits, took the opposite side, and constituted the
masses of the Democratic party, North and South,
which had inaugurated the policy of the nation
which gave rise to the war, which insisted on its
vigorous prosecution, and which justified it after
jt was followed by peace. In the early years of
the Republic, the political supremacy in the nation
was vested in a party which embraced within its
bosom nearly the whole agricultural portion of
the community. This party, it is true, extended,
at all times, throughout the North and South, but
its greatest strength was always in the South,
because the whole South was agricultural. The
opposition to this party was composed of those
connected with the other great interests of the
nation, who were mostly inhabitants of the north-
ern portions of the Union. When slavery had
disappeared from the most of the northern States,
the fact that the strength of the Democratic party
was in the agricultural South suggested to north-
ern politicians, who were discontented at their
exclusion from political power as members of a
party which was inferior in numbers, the idea of
laying hold of the subject of slavery as^ne having
within itself the elements for an agitation which
would, at last, alienate the Democrats of the North
from those of the South.
The first occasion for the use of this new-found
source of political power was furnished when
Missouri presented herself for admission into the
Union. When discussion grew up in reference
to the propriety of admitting that Territory as a
State, as a member of this great Confederacy,
opposition was made ©n the ground that slavery
