1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I wantto have one
thins; decided at a time.'
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Penusylva- 1
ma to lay the whole subject of the Minnesota
election on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
make a proposition to the House, that, by unan-
imous consent, all these motions be waived, and
that the vote be taken to-morrow at twelve o'clock
on this Minnesota question, and that this day be
devoted to the consideration of private bills in the
House, and m committee.
Mr. REAGAN. I call for the regular order of
business
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the Chair
to put the question to the House.
The SPEAKER repeated the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the reason for the
proposition ? Why cannot this business be voted
on to-day as well as to-morrow?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state the
reason. I have two reasons.
Mr. REAGAN. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order ex-
cept by the consent of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I object; and ask that
the House proceed to the regular order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Texas not allow me to answer a ques-
tion ?
Mr. REAGAN. No, sir.
The SPEAKER, is (here any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Maine ?
Mr. REAGAN. 1 object.
Mr. COVODE. If there is no business to be
done on the Private Calendar, and if we are to
adjourn in two weeks, I move a call of the House.
I am read y to postpone tins matter, procced to the
business of the Private Calendar to-day, and take
up and dispose of this question at any time for
which it may be fixed. I object to having this
day, which is set apart for private business, de-
voted to other purposes.
Mr. KEITT. Public business is more im-
portant.
The SPEA KER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, under tho 15Gth rule, which
says that the House may ai any time, by a vote
of the majority of the members present, do so. ,
The SPEAKER. There are two reasons why :
the Chair cannot receive the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. In the firsj place, the
House is now engaged m the consideration of the
question of privilege; and, in the second place,
•the House has seconded the demand for the pre-
vious question on that question of privilege. The
Chair therefore overrules the motion.
Mr. GROW. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would beg leave,
with the indulgence of the House, to get rid uf this
question in another way.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to by the
gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Reagan and Mr. Ruf-
fin.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know; but I hope
the gentleman from Texas will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not see why
c cannot go on and do what business we can to-
day. " , .
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be in order
to move that tue members from Minnesota be
sworn in and allowed to take their seats, and to
let the whole subject with reference to the certif-
icates be referred back to the Committee of Elec-
tions ? I was in favor yesterday of haying this
matter disposed of; but now the report is on the
tables of members, and I suppose they have all
read it. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that such
a motion would not be m older.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish very much to have
the matter disposed of, and taken out of the way,
so as to let us proceed to other business.
Mr. KEITT. T wish to inquire whether it is
not in order for the House unanimously to post-
pone the decision of the Minnesota question till to-
morrow, and go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to take up the appropria-
tion bill?
The SPEAKER. Itcan bedone by unanimous
consent.
Mr. KEITT. I would suggest that, if we do
not take up the appropriation bills, we cannot ad-
journ on the 7th of June.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not expect that
we can do that anyhow 
Mr. KEITT. Otherwise 1 am satisfied there
can be no business done to-day.
Mr. GROW. We can take the vote to-morrow.
The report has been just laid on the table, butwe
have not had time to examine it.
Mr. KEITT. Is there any objection ?
Mr. REAGAN. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I will modify my proposition,
so that the question shall come up to-morrow im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. EDMTJNDSON. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the question until to-morrow, at
eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. KEITT. Well, I have done my best to
disentangle the House.
Mr. COMINS. I desire to ask the Chair what
has become of the appeal taken from ihe decision
of the Chair by the gentleman from Ohio yester-
day, and if two appeals can be pending at the
same time ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
fell by the adjournment of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope that, by unan-
imous consent, this question will go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 object.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. I object; because gentlemen
on the other side of the House consumed the day
yesterday bv fillibustmng, and now they hold
their hands up in holy horror bccause the Puvate
Calendar is to bo overslaughed. Lot them take
the responsibility, as they are, in facl, responsible.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask to be excused from
voting upon this proposition; and 011 that I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. I move that I be excused
from voting on the motion to excustf the gentle-
man from New York; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs weic ordered.
Mr. MILLSON." Would it be in order to move
to postpone the further consideration of the report
of the Committee of Elections ?
The SPF, <\ K ER. *The Chair thinks not.
Mr. COVODE. Why is not my motion put to
the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not entertain
the motion, inasmuch as the previous question
has been seconded.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to disembarrass the
House, if possible, from its presentcomphcation,
and I rise to a question of order. X understand
the Chair to decide that it is not in ordr.r to move
to postpone this report until to-morrow. Now, I
raise this question of order: that the motion for
the previous question is like any other motion.
Formerly, one member only was required to sec-
ond the previous question; but the House, for
good reasons, required that a majority should
second it. But it was still a motion; and when
the motion had been rejected by the House, as the
vote ordering the main question was yesterday, it
went over until the next day, and there was an
end to the main question. And, though there is a
paragraph in the Manual stating that a vote refus-
ing to order the mam question carries the subject
over until the next day; yet, when it comes up the
next day, it comes up free from the second of the
previous question. If it were not so, the House
could never come to a vote upon the bill, because
the House, having determined that they would not
come to a linal vote upon the hill until an opportu-
nity should have been given for debate or amend-
ment, they would be in the same condition the.
second day, and the Chair having very properly
decided that no motion can be made to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded, the House never can come to a vote upon
the bill unless they do it in a manner which they
have deliberately determined not to do, without
debate and without amendment. '
These are the reasons why it seems to me the
business of the House demands that the Speaker
should deliberately consider before he decides the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
after the House yesterday refused to order the
main question to be put, if no other proceedings
relating to the matter had taken place, the ques- *
tion would have come up this morning, as
Chair intimated yesterday evening, disembar-
rassed of the second to the previous question.
The theory of the previous question in the British
Parliament, from which we derive our practice,
is, that when the previous question has been sec-
onded and the main question not ordered to be
put, the effect is simply to remove the question
from the consideration of the House for thatday.
And the Chair thinks that, however inconvenient
its operation here, the same result follows.
Since the House has changed its rule, requiring
a majority to second a demand for the previous
question, the Chair has never perceived any rea-
son why two votes should be taken instead of
one. That would be the practice, if the Chair had
the making of the rules. But the House yester-
day reconsidered the vote refusing to order the
main question to be put, and the House now
stands 1:1 the position pf having seconded the de-
mand for the previous question, with the pend-
ing motion, " Shall the main question be now
put ?"
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Have not the gen-
tleman who moved the previous question and all
other gentlemen who have made motions in rela-
tion to this matter, the right to withdraw their
motions, and by general consent allow this mat-
ter to go over until to-morrow, with the general
understanding that no business shall be trans-
acted to-day except that relating to the appropri-
ation bills or private business ?
The SPEAKER. By general consent that re-
sult of course would be reached. But a demand
for the previous question having been made, and
the House having seconded that demand, in the
opinion of the Chair the gentleman has not the
right to withdraw the demand. The Chair thinks
the matter has gone beyond the control of the
gentleman making the demand.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The House hay-
ing voted down the motion to order the main
question, I think the second of the previous ques-
tion stands precisely like a new demand, and that
it is competent for the gentleman making the de-
mand to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The House having voted
upon the demand, in the opinion of the Chair it
cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. COMINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that all pending motions shall be
withdrawn, that this question shall go over until
to-monow at twelve o'clock, and that the House
shall then resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I hope
all objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. McCLUEEN. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. It is apparent that we cannot
force gentlemen on this side of the House to take
a vote to-day; and it seems to me a matter of good
sense, if we ever intend to adjourn this session,
that we should consent to allow this matter to go
over until to-morrow, and pioceed to business.
It is evident that we can accomplish nothing by
this process.
Several Members. Regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 wish to in-
quire whether, if the House should refuse to order
the main question now, the question would not
go over until to-morrow?
] The SPEAKER. It would.
J Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
all these side motions will be withdrawn, and the
House will icfuse to order the main question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
question will be taken, and that the main ques-
tion will be ordered. The House may as well
dispose of this question to-day as to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the House
orders the main question, the effect will be to force
the House to a vote to-day upon this question
