2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
when the reports which have only now been laid
on our tables have never been read at all.
Mr. COMINS. I again ask the unanimous
consent of the House 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has thus far al-
lowed the suggestions of gentlemen in the hope
that some agreement would be arrived at which
would relieve the House from its present posi-
tion. The Chair will now enforce the rules to
the extent of his ability. The question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] to be excused from voting upon the
# motion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Mporgan] to be excused from voting on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] to lay on the table the appeal taken
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HILL. I rise to a privileged question. I
yesterday paired off with a gentleman on this
Minnesota question, and I ask instructions of the
Chair whether this is a motion so connected with
the Minnesota question as to bring it within the
terms of my pair? I do not want to do an unfair
thing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must be the
judge of that for himself. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HILL. I ask the Chair, then, to allow
me to state that my pair is with Mr. McKibbin;
and that, for the reason of having made that pair,
I shall decline to vote upon the pending question.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, IJianch, Btyan. Burnett, Bunoughs, Cas-
kie, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Coining, Cox,
James Craig, Cany, Davis of Indiana, Dimtmck, Edie,
Faulkner, Florence, Folev, GartreM, GilUs.CSoode, Green-
wood, Gregg, Lawtonco \V. Hall, Thomas? L. Ilariis, llas-
ktn, Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Iluvler, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Kcl&ey, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Lawience, Loiter,
Lovejoy,Maclay, iYlcUueeu, Mayiutid, Mil >, Mooie, Pai-
ker, Pevton, Phelps, PhilhtK, Uuitman, Kr;idy, Reagan,
Roilly, Robbins, Ilobeit Smith, William Smith, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William Stewait, Talbot,
Miles Taylor, Tliayei, Wade, Walbndge, Wat kins, Win to,
Whiteley, Augustus It Wright, and John V. Wright—To.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ah!, Andei^on, Andrews, Ar-
nold, BtfUnghiirst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Bovce,
Butfiiiton, Burhnsjame, Burns, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
ii/.ra Clark, dawson, John Cochrane. Co|f,i\, Oonmis,
Covode, Button Craige, Curtis, Datnrell, Davis or Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Din fee, English,
Eusus, Parnswoith, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Grow, llarlan. Hoard, Hopkins, llorton, llow.ud,
George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelly, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Letcher, Humphrey jm.it-
bhall, Millson, Morgan, iYTornll, Isaac N Moiris, Fieenim
H. Morse, Muirav, i'almer, Pendleton, lVtfil. Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Powell, Purvianee, Rieaud, UoImm^, lloyee, liutfin,
Sandidge, Wavaye, Scales, Scott, Signing, Anion Shaw,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jtnhon W, Shenn.m,
Shorter, Sickles, Spurnei .Tompkins, Tnppe, Cndei wood,
Walton', Cadwnladrr C. Wn-hbuin, Mlliliu B. Wa^hburne,
Isiael Washburn, Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Woiten-
dykc—10a.
So Mr. Stanton was notcxcuscd.
Pending thf rail of the roll,
Mr. RICAUD stated that Mr. Oarutiihrs had
paired oil* with Mr. Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Mr. INT BLACK! stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Goodwin.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Halt,, of Mas-
sachusetts, being unwell, had paired off with Mr.
Wakd.
Mr. SEWARD said that he had declined to
vote, not wishing to take any part in any such
contest.
Mr. CRAWFORD said he declined to vote be-
cause there was nothing practical in the question.
He should vote upon no question until some ques-
tion came up involving something practical.
The question recurred on the motion to excuse
Mr. Morgan from voting upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair; on which the yeas and
nays had boen ordered.
Mr. KI5LSEY. I move to be excused from
voting upon the motion to excuse the gentleman
from New York; and upon it 1 call the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GILLIS. I would inquire whether that
motion is susceptible of amendment? If it is, I
pronose to move to amend.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks no amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. GILLIS. My proposition was, if it were
admissible, to move to excuse every member upon
that side of the House from voting upon any
question?
Mr. LEITER. As I see nothing that can be
done to-day, 1 move (half past twelve o'clock,)
that the House adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 143; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Case, Caskie, Clawson, Clay,
Colfax, Crawford, Davis of Iowa, Edie, Greenwood, Huy-
h«r, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, loiter, Nichols, Quitman,
Reagan, Robbins, Royee, Ilulftn, Savage, Scanton, Steven-
son, William Stewart, Miles Tayloi ,EI!ihu B, Washbume,
Wood, Woitondyke, and Augustus R. Wright—27.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Anderson, An-
diews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Billmghurst,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan,
Butilnton, Burlingame, Burnett, Bums, Chaffee, John B.
Clark, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Comms, Corn-
ing, Covode, Cox, Curry, Curtis, Damiell, Davidson, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dirnmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee,
EdmumKori, English, Rustic, Farnswotth, Faulkner, Fen-
ton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gat troll, Gillis, Oilman, Gil-
mer, Granger, Gregg, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Ilatlan, Thomas L.Han i9, Hawkins, Hoard, llorton,
Houston, Howard, Ilughe*, Jackson, Jcwctt, George W.
Jones. J. Glanev Jones5, Owen Jones, Kelly, Kelsev, Knapp,
Lawiencc, Letdy, Letcher, Lovejoy, IMaelay, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Ma-on, Matteson, Majnaul, Miles,
Isaac N. Morn**, Moi(, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Piiefp--, Z^nJ-
hp^, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purvianee, Iteadv, Reillv, Ri-
caud, Robeit^, Sandulge, Scales, Scott, Staling, Aaron
Shaw, Ilenrv M. Shaw^ John Sherman, Shoitei, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stnllwoith. Stephens,
Janice A. Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Geoige Ta\loi. Tomp-
kins, Tiippe. (Jnderwood. Wade, Walbiulge. Walton, (\id-
wa-lader C. Washburn, Watkin^, White, Whiteley, Wil-
son, Woodson, John V. Wnght, and ZoiliC'oller—113.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Hatch had paired off with Mr. Bennett.
Mr. BILLINGI-IUR.ST stated that upon the
Minnesota question, Mr. Sickles had paired off
with Mr. Blair.
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Leach was de-
tamed from the House by sickness.
The lesultwas then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. DAVfS, of Indiana. I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Public Lands on the geological
survey of Oregon and Washington Territories,
and geological explorations in connection with
the explorations for a railroad route to the Pacific.
My object is to have ihem printed and referred to
the Committee on Printing, that they may have
all the facts before thi m in connection with the
report of Dr.' Kvans, which was sent in here this
morning by the President, and referred to that
committee
Mr. KIJJVKKL, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. OTIAKFEE. I ask the House to excuse
me for the remainder of the day. 1 have business
which requiies my absencg; and I make the ap-
plication in good faith.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hoars no objec-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. CLEMENS. 'The objection comes too
late. The Chair had announced the decision be-
fore the objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The decision was announced
before the Chair heard the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. Does the gentleman insist upon his
objection ?
Mr. GROW. I do.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman did not rise
in his seat and object.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to excuse the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] from voting upon the motion
to excuse Ins colleague from voting; upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered. No other
business is in order.
Mr. MASON. What is the regular order of
business >
The SPEAKER. It is to excuse the gentleman
from New Yoik from voting.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I suppose the gentleman from New
Yoik has a right to withdraw his request if he
desires. Has he not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has,
of course.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think gentle-
men had better withdraw their motions made
pending the motion on ordering the main ques-
tion to be put; as I understand, if it is done, that
that motion will not be insisted on to-day.
Mr. KELSEY. With that understanding, I
will withdraw my motion to be excused.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to withdraw my
motion, if it is understood that this Minnesota
question shall go over until to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
excusing the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Morgan] from voting upon the appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MORGAN. Understanding that there are
sufficient gentlemen pledged to vote down the
main question, I withdraw my motion to be ex-
cused.
Mr. MASON. What is the next question in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Pen nsylvania to lay upon the table
the appeal of his colleague [Mr. Grow] from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his appeal.
Mr, GROW. All these questions will drop if
I withdraw the appeal; will they not?
The SPEAKER. The appeal is the first mo-
tion .
Mr. GROW. I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The. question is,t( Shall the
i main question bp. ordered?"
Mr. WASH8URNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon it. What will be the ef-
fect of ordering the main question?
The SPEAKER. If the main question is not
ordered, the subject goes over until to-moirow:
if it is ordered, the House will be brought to a
vote upon the report.
Mr. MASON. I understand if we vote down
the main question, gentlemen on the other side
[Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote against ordering the
main question, as will others on this side of the
House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—-Messis, Adiain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Baikrfdale, Bishop, Bococ-U, Bowie, Bovce, Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Burns, Oa^lue, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Corning, James Craig.
Burton Craige, Ciawford, Curry, Davis of [ndiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dewmt, Dimnnek, Dowdoll, jCdmnndson, El-
liott, Enghsh, Faulkucr, Florence, Gartrell, Gillis, Goode,
Gieenwood, Gt egg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huylei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewctt,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone*, Owen Jones, Kelly,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawience, Leuly, Let-
cher, Maclav, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mriynaid,
Miles, Miller, Moore, Peyton, Phelp®, Phillips, Powell,,
Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Keilly, Kufiin, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Scales, Scott, Sealing, Henry M. Shaw, Join?Sher-
man, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor. Miles Taylor, Watkins, White, Whiteley, Wins-
low, Wortendyke, John V. Wii2ht,and Zolhcoirer—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Andiews, Bilinmhuist. Bingham, Bhs«,
Buthnton, Burlinaame, Campbell, Case, Ezta Clark, Claw-
son, Clemens, Colfax, Connns, Covode, Cragm, Curtis,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawe-, Dean,
Dodd, Durfcc. Eu^tis, Famawoith, Fentcm, Foster, Gil-
man, Gilmer, Gooch, Gianger, Gioosbeck, Grow, Harlan,
Thomas L. Harris, llaskin, Hoard, Hot ton, Howard, Kel-
logg, Kelt-ev, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Matto&on, Millson,
Morgan, Morull, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Moi e, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Mott, Murray. Nicliols, Palmer, Paiker,
Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, TCteaufl, Ritchie,
Robhms, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, Jud-on W. Sher-
man, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiippe, Undeiwood, Wade,
| Walbridge, Walton, Cadwotader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
1 Wasbburne, Israel Washburn, "Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
j-on—90
So the House ordered the main question to be
put.
Pending the call,
Mr. COX staled that lie had paired off on the
Minnesota question with Mr. Morris, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. SEWARD stated that he had paired oiT
with Mr. Edie upon the Minnesota question, and
upon ail contpsted-election cases.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, stated that he had
paired off for to-day and to-morrow with Mr.
Olim, upon tiie Minnesota question, and also on
the Ohio contested-election case.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, stated that he voted
in the affirmative for the purpose of moving a re-
consideration.
