t84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
court op claims.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask leave to introduce
a bill to repeal an act entitled, " An act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States," approved February 4, 1855.
Mr. CHAFFEE objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. GREEK WOOD. I presume, sir, that the
Comrhittee of Claims Is the proper committee to
which this bill should be referred, as it is to that
committee is referred the action of the court upon
claims presented and tried before it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I dislike to make
objection; but I move to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
graduation act.
Mr. WARREN asked leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety oi' repeating ft bill
making the graduation act apply to the lands belonging to
the Government, within the bix nnles on either side of
grants of public lauds, to aid in the construction ot railroads.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
st. mary's falls ship canal.
Mr. LEACH introduced a bill making' appro-
priation for the improvement of St. Mary's Falls
ship canal in the State of Michigan; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commeice.
grand river) michigan.
Mr. "W ALBIUDGE introduced a bill making
appropriation for the construction of a harbor at
the mouth of Grand river, in the State of Mich-
igan; winch was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask leave to introduce
another bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
harbor op monroe, michigan.
Mr. WALDRON asked 1. save to introduce a bill
making appropriation for the harbor at Monroe,
Michigan.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
des moines land grant.
Mr. CURTIS asked leave to introduce n bill to
amend an act granting land to the Terntory of
Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the Des
Moines river, in said Teiritory.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
boundaries of iowa.
Mr. CURTIS asked leave to introduce a bill to
extend the western boundary of the State of Iowa,
to the Missouri river.
Mr. GROW objected.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the jrentleman will
withdraw the objection, it is entirely a local
matter.
Mr. GROW. I adhere to my objection. We
have aheady had that subject before the Com-
mittee on Territories.
confirmation of land entries.
Mr. CURTIS introduced a joint resolution to
ratify and confirm certain land entries; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 have another resolution to
offer.
Mr. LETCHER. Iiisc to a point of order.
The gentleman tried twice to introduce bills, and
failed to get them in. Now, having finally got in
a resolution, I think he lias had his share, and I
object to the gentleman introducing any other bill
or resolution.
BRIDGE AT ROCK ISLAND.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
iJcsoiticdjTUatthGOommittce on Commerce he instructed
to impure if the railroad bmlye aeioss the Mississippi uver,
at KocK Island,Illinois, is a t-enous distinction to the nav-
igation of .--uia river; ami e' yn, to icporr to tins House v.'liat t
action, it any, is accessary on the pan of tiio Government I
to cause sucii obstruction to lie removed. {
harbor of racine, etc.
Mr. POTTER asked consent to introduce a bill
for continuing the improvement of the harbors of
Racine, Kenosha,and Milwaukee, on Lake Mich-
igan, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. EARKSDALE objected.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion came too late.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I objected before the bill
had been read a second time.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion did come too late, and rules accordingly.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
harbor of sheboygan, etc.
Mr. BILLINGHURST asked consent to intro-
duce a bill making an appropriation for improving
the harbors of Ozaukee, Sheboygan, and Mani°
towoc, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. BARKSDALE objected.
REPORT OF COLONEL J. D. GRAHAM.
Mr. BILLINGHURST introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Serretnry of War bo, and he is hereby,
requested to report to tills House the J;i-t annual report of
Lieutenant Colonel J, D. Graliam 011 tile harbors oI Lake
Michigan.
FEES, ETC., IN COURTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT introduced a bill to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed marshals, district at-
torneys, clerks of courts, jurors, and witnesses, in
the State of California, and the Territories of Ore-
gon and Washington; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ASAHEL BUSH.
Mr. LANE introduced a joint resolution author-
izing the settlement of the accounts of Asahel
Bush, public printer of the Territory of Oregon;
which was read a first and second time,^nd re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. J wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Oregon if that resolution involves a
question in regard to any law under which this
account accrued ?
Mr. LANE. The territorial printer ofOregon,
by direction of the Legislature, executed certain
punting, for which he has not been paid. An
appropuation for that pm pose, which has long
since been made, has not been expended, and the
object of the joint resolution is to provide that out
of the money appropriated for that purpose, this
man may be paid for the services rendered. We
ask for no money.
Mr. LETCHER. If the money has been ap-
propriated for this particular purpose, and this
man did the work, I cannot see why he cannot
get the money.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been referred.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE introduced a bill making an appro-
priation for the completion of the military road
from Astoria to Salem, in Oregon Territory;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. LANE. I have another bill I desire to
inti odaee.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I must object, un-
less there is a general relaxation of the 'rule. I
design, when the Territories have been called, to
introduce a resolution that all the States and Ter-
ritories be called again.
Air. HOUSTON. Let the Delegates get in
their bills.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir; I must
insist 011 my objection; but the difficulty will be
obviated in a few moments, [ trust, by the adop-
tion of the resolution which I design to offer.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
Air. OTERO. I ask leave to introduce a bill i
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the '
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEW MEXICO, ETC.
Mr. OTERO. I ask leave, then, to introduce
a bill supplemental to an act approved July 22,
1854, entitled "An act to establish the office of
surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I must object, for
the same reason that I objected to the bill of the
gentleman from Oregon.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Mexico has not yet introduced one bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then Withdraw
the objection; let him get in one bill.
The" bill was then read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. OTERO. I have other bills which I desire
to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I object.
roads in washington territory.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill for the completion of military roads in the
Territory of Washington; which was readafirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have an-
other bill which I desire to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I feel bound to
object.
COURTS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON introduced a bill in relation
to courts, and the holding of the terms thereof, in
the Territory of Nebraska; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
011 the Judiciary.
Mr. FERGUSON. I have also a resolution
which I desire to submit.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. X object.
resolutions of maine.
Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, relating to for-
eign paupers and criminals; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
suppression of polygamy.
Mr. MORRILL introduced a bill to punish and
prevent the practice of polygamy in the Territo-
riesof the United States, and other places; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the bill may be
read. I must know what it proposes before I can
tell whether to object to it or not.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read a
second time. What committee does the gentle-
man ftom Vermont propose to refer it to?
Mr. MORRILL. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. READY. I suppose the Committee on
the Judiciary would be the appropriate committee
to which to refer it.
Mr. GROW. No, sir. It belongs to the Com-
mittee on Territories. The domestic institutions
of the Territories are under the control of that
committee.
Mr.READY. The bill proposes, as I under-
stand it, to pass a law imposing a penalty for, or
providing for the punishment of crime; and I
think, therefore, that it comes properly under the
jurisdiction of the Committee 011 the judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL. I have 110 objection to the
refercncc of the bill to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. If the House prefers that it should
reccive that reference, I have no objection.
Mr. KEITI\ I object to that reference; and
move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I will not press the motion
to refer the bdl tcJ the Committee on Territories.
Mr. KEITP. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GROW. I desire to read the rule defining
the duties of the Committee on Territories, and
the House will then see that this bill properly
belongs to that committee. The rule is as fol-
lows:
It shall be the duty ofthe Committee on Territories to
examine into tiie legislative, civil, and criminal piocecdings
ot the Tcrutorie-?, and to d«\i&y and report to the House
sueh means a-s, in their opinion, may he necessary to secure
the rights and piivilcges ot*residents and non-residents."
Now, this bill relates to the domestic institu-
tions of one of the Territories. It properly be-
longs. therefore, to the Committee on Territories,
and I hope the House will refer it to that com-
mittee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it is not
in order to debate this question; but I suggest to
the House that the Congress of the United States
