1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W
has no general jurisdiction over this subject; they
could not legislate upon it. I think the reference
suggested by the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Keitt] is the proper one, because X believe
that polygamy is practiced more generally in the
naval profession than in any other. [Laughter.]
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. WALTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to continue in force an act
granting half pay to certain widows and orphans;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
MEASUREMENT, ETC., OF VESSELS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Com mittee on Commerce be in^trueted
to inquiie into the expediency ol' amending the laws regu-
lating the admeasurement of American ships and vessels,
so as to provide that the number of tonsbuiden, or stowage
capacity, of every vessel sailing under an American registei,
shall be set forth in her legular sailing papers.
PLYMOUTH HARBOR.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I desire to in-
troduce a bill to continue the public works in the
harbor of Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
DISTRIBUTION OF EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, introduced the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Printing inquire into
the expediency of providing by law that all reports and other
documents emanating from the scvcial Depaitments, and
printed by order of tins House, shall be distributed under
the direction of said Dcpaitments, respectively.
POPULAR SOVEREIGNTY.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to introduce a bill to
extend to the inhabitants of the District of Colum-
bia certain rights of popular sovereignty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
POST OFFICE, ETC., AT HARTFORD.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, introduced a bill
for the construction of a suitable building for the
accommodation of the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and the several offices con-
nected therewith, and the post office, at Hartford,
Connecticut. . .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I objcct. This is
no time to appropriate money for such purposes.
TOBACCO MANUFACTURERS AGAIN.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to what I suppose to
be a question of privilege. I offered a resolution
this morning to refer certain papers ami proceed-
ings of tobacco manufacturers to the Committee
on Agriculture. Upon reflection, I think the
Committee on Manufactures would be the proper
committee. If there lie objection to the change
of reference, I shall move a reconsideration. I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
the change.
No objection was made; and the papers were
accordingly referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
CALL OF THE STATES AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I now desire to in-
troduce a resolution that the States be again called
for resolutions, and that members shall not be re-
stricted to the introduction of one bill each.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Has the call been
completed ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it m order
now for members who have not introduced reso-
lutions during the call, to introduce them?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Have they not
the ri<*ht under the order of the House >
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
gentleman front Ohio [Air. Sherman] is entitled
to the floor. .
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The resolution
which I wish to offer is this:
Rciolticd, That the States be again called for the intro-
duction of hills and resolutions,, to which no objection shall
he made; and that, upon such call, it shall be in order for
any member to mtroduco moie than one bill or resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion, and yield me the
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
the motion at the request of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, to enable me to introduce my
resolution.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think X am enti-
tled to the floor. The gentleman from Tennessee
withdrew the motion to adjourn, and yielded the
floor to mc.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee could withdraw the motion to adjourn, but
not hold the floor, or yield it to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Harris,of
Illinois, and Billingiiurst, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes G5, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House (at
three o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 5, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. George W. Bassett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of the Senate, showing,
in obedience to law, the names of persons em-
ployed 111 his office during the year 1857; which
was, on motion of Mr. Foot, ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENTlaid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating the report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
work during the year ending November 1, 1857,
and accompanied by a map prepared in obedience
to an act passed March 3, 1853; which was, on
motion of Mr. Hunter, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and a motion to print it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs-at-law of Warren Sadler, deceased, praying
for indemnity for pioperty destroyed by the ene-
! my m the war of 1812; which was referred to the
j Committee on Claims. _
1 Ho also presented the petition of Olivia Field,
widow of Phima A. Field, deceased, praying for
indemnity for property destroyed .by the enemy
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Rufus Spauld-
in°-, praying for indemnity for property destroyed
by the enemy in the war ot 1812; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of the heirs-at-
law of John Roop, deceased, praying for indem-
nity for property destroyed by the enemy m the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Sally Pierce,
widow of Gad Pierce, deceased, praying for in-
demnity for property destroyed by the enemy in
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of the heirs-at-
law of Lemuel Cook, praying for indemnity for
property destroyed by the enemy in the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. _ _
He also presented the petition of Henry Love-
joy, heir-at-law of Joshua Lovejoy, deceased,
praying for indemnity for property destroyed by
the enemy in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
I He also presented the petition of the heirs-at-
law of William Miller, deceased, praying for in-
demnity for property destroyed by the enemy in
the warof 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Claims. _
He also presented the petition of Solomon Uil-
lett, praying for indemnity for property destroyed
by the enemy in the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Claires.
He also presented the petition of Sally M. Jud-
son, heir-at-law of Jonathan Haddock, praying
for indemnity for property destroyed by the enemy
in the warof 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Martha Dick-
inson, widow of Ira Dickinson, praying for in-
demnity for property destroyed by the enemy in
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. •
He also presented the petition of Betsey Har-
rison, widow of Jonas Harrison, deceased, pray-
in" for indemnity for property destroyed by the
enemy in the war of 1812; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition of Wil-
liam Moss, praying for extra compensation for
carrying the mail from Washington, Arkansas,
to Clarksville, Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of James
A. Black, special agent of the State of South Car-
ol in a, pray 1 ng for the reimbursement to that State
of certain sums of money expended in the " com-
mon defense" of the United States of America;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the heirs of
Colonel William Washington, the heirs of Gen-
eral William Moultrie, the heirs of John Gray-
son, the heirs of James Hamilton, and the heirs
and representatives of other revolutionary officers,
praying for the settlement of their claims to half
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. COLL AM ER. presented the memorial of
Horace B. Sawyer, a captain in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed the difference between the fur-
lough and leave-of-absence pay for the time he
was on furlough; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
M r. FOSTER presented the petition of the heirs
of the late Captain Abraham Foot, an officer in
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed
the pension duo hini at the time of his death;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the heirs of
Thomas Stevens, a revolutionary sofdier, praying
to be allowed the pension due him during his life-
time; which was referred to the Committee cm
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
W. P. Wright, Mark Sheppard, and others,
' members of Captain Samuel Walker's company
1 of Kansas militia, praying to be allowed bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. . .
lie also presented the petition of W. t.JM.
Amy, ill behalf of many citizens of South Kan-
sas, protesting against the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and praying for its rejection by Congress,
and the passage of a law to enable the bona fide
cuizens of Kansas to form their own constitution;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories. . _ ,
Mr. HOUSTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, in favor of placing Captain
John G. Tod, late of the Texas navy, in the Navy
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a report of the Committee
011 Federal Relations of the House of Represent-
atives of Texas, setting forth the claims of Cap-
tain John G. Tod, to be placed 111 the Navy of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
PlHe aiso presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, urging upon Congress the reim-
bursement of the money paid by that State foi
the defense of its frontier; which was refe red^to
the Committee 011 Military Affairs and M'to-
Mr WILSON presented the petition of the
heirs of Noah Warrincr, an officer of the revo-
donary anny, praying to be allowed the pension
to which he was entitled; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of Thomas J. rage, on the
tiles of the Senate, be refeneU to the Committee on naval
Affairs.
