1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
iled the lives of all who were engaged in this at-
tempt; as well that of the officer of the law as the
slaveowner. In many instances human life was
sacrificed by the mob that assembled to bid defi-
ance to the law, and trample underfoot the rights
of the citizen. If, at last, the law was enforced,
it was at a sacrifice burdensome to the Govern-
ment and ruinous to the master. We all remember
the exciting case of Burns, in the city of Boston,
in which the fearless and upright Judge Loring
presided, and returned the slave to his master,
and, for so doing, has been removed from office
by Banks, the Biaqk Republican Governor of
Massachusetts; where the deputy marshal was
murdered by the mob for daring to do his duty as
a minister of the law; and where it cost the Fed-
eral Government, aside from the cost to the mas-
ter, the sum-of $13,115 to defray the expenses of
a "posse comitalus," and of sixteen military com-
panies called out to suppress the mob and enforce
the law. A stronger exemplification of Punic
faith is not to be found in the history of any na-
tion, civilized or savage, A more flagrant and
reckless disregard of the principles of comity,
good neighborhood, and simple justice, the world
cannot present.
Thus did matters progress until the meeting of
the Thirty-Third Congress, in 1854. At the pre-
ceding session of that body, a territorial govern-
ment had been asked for the country now em-
braced in Kansas and Nebraska. Petitions had
been sent to Congress to that effect, and referred
to the respective Committees of the two Houses
on Territories, but no reports made upon them.
Now, it became apparent that a government and
laws must be extended over this Territory, as
rights were springing up between the settlers upon
this public domain, and conflicts were arising
between the whites and the Indians there to be
found. This must be done by Congress; and
the question naturally arose, what sort of a bill
shall be framed for this purpose? It would not
do to frame it upon the principle of the Missouri
compromise line; for this had been repudiated
in the organization of governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and the principle of non-interven-
tion substituted in its stead. This, then, being
the last principle of compromise or settlement be-
tween the North and South, of course the Com-
mittee on Territories, in both Houses of Congress,
set themselves to work to frame a bill in conform-
ity with this doctrine. It was prepared, and
introduced simultaneously in both branches of
Congress. Of course, no opposition could be an-
ticipated from the North; for it was the piinciple
of non-intervention which had been brought for-
ward and urged by that section, and reluctantly
accepted and acquiesced in by the South. The
Abolition party of the North, caring nothing for
plighted faith, utterly insensible to the prompt-
ings of fairness, or the dictates of justice, with its
Protean adaptability and characteristic treachery,
turned upon this principle, denounced it without
sunt, and made the cast-off Missouri line its ulti-
matum. After a most elaborate and acrimonious
debate; after the fiercest struggle I have ever wit-
nessed in legislation, the South insisting upon the
principle, and the North, with a few exceptions,
opposing it, the bill passed organizing territorial
governments for Kansas and Nebraska.
Here, then, was a field open for northern and
southern enterprise, with no odious distinctions
against the institutions or rights of either, to
which each man might go,can ymgwith him what-
ever species of property was held by him, and in
due time, when populationshould justify it, form
a State government, regulating in their constitu-
tion their domestic relations, as other States had
clone, and come into the sisterhood upon terms of
equality. But in what spirit was this proposition
met by the Abolition party of the North ? When
it was ascertained that the bill would paps, but
before its passage, members of Congress met to-
gether in secret conclave, organized themselves
into an Emigrant Aid Society, and set on foot a
scheme for throwing into Kansas a population
to be gathered up from the purlieus of Boston
and other large cities, without reference to quali-
fications as citizens, socially, morally, or politi-
cally. The inebriate, the pauper, the criminal,
(provided they were hostile to slavery,) were all
accepted and put upon a forward movement for
Kansas. Such an exodus of pestiferous bipeds
way never witnessed before from any land. The
very highways were contaminated by th eir march,
and a moral taint spread through the atmosphere
where they passed. Could it be supposed that
southern gentlemen in Missouri ana other sur-
rounding States could restrain their indignation
at such a flagrant disregard of good faith, such
vile machinations to defeat them in the enjoyment
of their just and equal rights ? The Abolitionists
themselves did not expect such acquiescence; for
instead of putting into the hands of these emi-
grants implements of husbandry, and turning their
attention to the cultivation of the soil, we find that
lectures were delivered from the pulpit on the Sab-
bath day, and contributions levied, for the purpose
of procuring arms with which to equip their em-
issaries. Even women (I cannot call them ladies)
were found to rise in a public assembly, and with
a blood-thirstiness that should have mantled their
cheeks with shame, subscribe Sharpe's rifles to
the enterprise. In confirmation of what-1 say
upon this point, I beg leave to read to this com-
mittee an extract from the able and lucid report of
Judge Douglas, on the subjcct of Kansas affairs,
made to the Senate, on the 12th day of March,
1856. He says:
" When the emigrants sent out by the Massachusetts Em-
igrant Aid' Company, and their affiliated societies, passed
through the State ot Missouri m huge numbers on their way
to Kansas, the violence of their language, and the unmis-
takable indications of their determined hostility to the do-
mestic institutions of that State, created apprehensions that
the object of the company was to abohtiomze Kansas as a
means of prosecuting a relentless waifare upon the institu-
tions of slavery within the limits of Missouri. These appie-
hensions increased and spread with tiie progress of events,
until they became the settled convictions of the people of
that portion of the State most exposed to the danger by their
pioximity to the Kansas border. The natinal consequence
was, that immediate steps were taken bv the people of the
western counties of Missouri to stimulate, oieamze, and
canv into ctfcet a system of emigration similar to that of
the Massachusetts Emiirrant Aid Company, for the avowed
puipoho ot' eounieiacinig the effects, and pioieetmg them-
selves and then- domestic institutions fiom the conse-
quence-!, of Mia? company's operations.
" The mateualchffeicnce m the chaiacterof the two rival
and conflicting movements con-iet* m tbe l.ict that the one
had its oujjm m an aL'giessive, and the other in a defensive
policy; the one wasoiganized in ptunuance of the provis-
ions and claiming to act under the authonty ot a legislative
enactment of <i distant .State, whose internal prosperity arid
domestic aecmuydid not depend upon the .success of the
movement; while the other u.is the spontaneous action of
tbe people living in the immediate vicinity of' the theater of
opeiatmns. evened by a •sense of common danger, to the
necessity of protecting then own firesides iiom the appie-
hemled hornus ot servile ins>uriection and intestine war."
Of course this is to be taken as good authonty
upon this point, coming, as it does, from the very
head and front of the anu-Lecompton movement.
Here, then, and in this way, commenced the scenes
of riot and bloodshed which have thrilled with
horror ('very heart in the land. I here assert to-
! day what, in my deliberate judgment and in my
I conscience, I believe to be true: that the Free-Soil
i party of the North, who organized those emigrant
aid societies, are responsible to God for every
battle which has been fought, every life which
has been sacrificcd, and every drop of blood which
has been shed m Kansas. I delight not to dwell
upon these scenes, but will draw the curtain over
them,and pass now to the consideration, briefly,
of the Lecompton constitution, and close with
some general remarks.
Kansas presents herself for admission as a State
into the Union with a constitution having all the
forms, and bearing the impress, of law. It is con-
tended, however, that this constitution has not
j| been framed and adopted in accordance with law
'! or the wishes of the people of Kansas, but in vio-
! lation of both; and we are solemnly invoked to
; examine the question before we act upon it. The
i first inquiry, then, which naturally arises, is, how
| far can Congiess push us investigation as to the
][ regularity of the proceedings which gave birth to
i1 this constitution r On the one hand, it is argued
i] that we must look to the instrument itself, and
not beyond n; and should it appear to be repub-
i, lican in its character, then Congress must receive
|i it, and admit her as a State. On the other hand,
H it is contended that Congress has the right, and
| it becomes our duty to investigate all the minutiae
! of the proceedings looking to the organization of
! a State government; and to this end, that we have
| a right to go out to every election precinct, inquire
j into all the fiauds that may have been practiced
j in voting; that we must judge of the qualification
I of members of the Territorial Legislature that
j provided for the cell of a convention, and of the
; qualification of the members of the convention
elected by the people; and finally, that we must
sit in judgment upon the action of the convention,
and see that the constitution formed by it is re-
ferred back to the people for ratification. I find
myself compelled to differ from both of these po-
sitions. I ao not believe we should take it for
granted that the instrument before us is the work
of the people of Kansas, simply because it is cer-
tified by a particular individual to be such, or be-
cause it bears the broad seal of the Governor of
the Territory or the president of the convention.
Nor do I believe that we have a right to go out
ad libitum to hunt up evidence to overthrow it.
The truth, according to my \*iew of it, lies just
between the two extremes. The case comes be-
fore us upon a record which it is our duty to in-
spect, and from that record determine whether all
has been done that ought to be required of the
people of Kansas to entitle them to come in as a
State. What is it that constitutes that record?
First, the Kansas-Nebraska act organizing this
Territory. This, of course, should be examine^
with a view to ascertain the powers conferred and
the duties required of the people of Kansas, the
general scope and meaning of the act itself, and
the object and intention of its framers.
As to the powers to be conferred upon the peo-
ple under that act, we find, first, the power to
electa Legislature. Section twenty-two provides;
" That the legislative power and authonty of said Terri-
tory shall be vested m tiie Governor and a Legislative As-
sembly. The Legislative Assembly shall consist of a Coun-
cil and House of Representatives."
The authority to elect a Legislature, then, is
clearly given. It is so declared in the Kansas
territorial act. In the second place, we examine
the act to see under what forms of law, and under
whose directions, it was to be elected. The same
section (twenty-two) provides:
" The lirst election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in Mich manner, both as to the persons
who shall supenntcnd such election and the returns there-
for, as the Governor shall appoint and direct."
In the third place, we must inquire what were
the powers conferred upon that Legislature under
that act. Section twenty-four provides:
i: That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the provisions of this act."
Here, then, is a general grant of powers, limited,
only by the Federal Constitution and the provis-
ions of the Kansas territorial act. Wo other re-
striction is imposed. What, then, are rightful
subjects of legislation ? Is not one of them tha
power to provido for a call 6f a convention to be
elected by the people? Has not the existence of
this power in Territorial Legislatures been often
recognized by Congress in the fact of admitting
new States which came into being precisely aa
Kansas has done? Bat to come directly to the
point: Does it conflict, op is it inconsistent with,
the Constitution of the United States ? If so, with
what clause, and where is it to be found ? On the
contrary, does it not conform to the spirit, at
least, of that instrument, which seems to look to
the organization and admission of new States into
the Union? The third section, fourth article, of
that Constitution provides as follows:
" New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union."
Who are to organize these new States ? Has
Congress the power to do it? Clearly not; hut
it must be done by the people of the Territories.
In confirmation of the fact that this power docs
belong to them, I quote the tenth article of amend-
ments to that Constitution, as follows:
" Tju- powers not delegated to the United States by toe
Constitution, nor pioinbued by u to tiie States, areieseivrd
to the States re&pectivejy, 01 to the people."
Tiie power to make a constitution for a new
State is not reserved to the States respectively,
nor to them in the aggregate, to be exercised by
Congress, therefore it belongs " to the people." I
conclude, then, that the power of the Kansas Le-
gislature to provide for the call of a convention is,
in the language of the act, " consistent with the
Constitution of the United States." Is it con-
sistent with the provisions of the Kansas act? To
arrive at a proper solution of this question we
must take tha act itself, and determine from its
language and general bearing, whether it was the
intention of those who fiamud it, as well as those
who passed it, that Kansas should remain as a
Territory, or whether, in duo time, she should
