2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Winslow, and Augustus E.
WNAYS— Messrs. Admin, Ahl, Arnold. Atkins, Avery,
Bishop Bocock, Bovee, Bryan, Buffinton, Burnett, Burns,
Chapman, John B" ^la,k' Cl''y> Clemens, Cohlj, John
Cochrane,Corning, James Craig,Button Craige,Crawlord,
Curry Damreli, Davisof Indiana, Dewart,Dimmiek, Dow-
dell, Edmimdson, Elliott, English, Etistis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gamett, Gam ell, Gilmer, Goodo, Greenwood,
Gre<*2, Groe&beck, Lawrence W. Hall, Thontas L. Harris,
ICons'ton, Hu?hes, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. ICnnkel. Lamar,
Landv, Leiter, Lovejoy, McQuccn, Samuel S. Maisliall,
Miles', Miller, Moore, Isaac N. Morris. Mott, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Hob-
bins," Roberts, Sandtdge, Savage, Scales, Sealing, Aaron
Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Stnlhvortb,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot. George
Taylor, Miles Taylor, White, Wilson, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffei—93.
So the. House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. CuRris had pair-
ed off with Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.
The question recurred upon the motion to ex-
cuse Mr. Kelsey from voting.
Mr. KELSEY. I move tlmt when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at nine o'clock, a.
m., to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not m order.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. GllOVV. I move that the House (In now
adjourn.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Georgia, and Bwffinton, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 2G, noes 106.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Peyton :
and Deax were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported— ;
ayes 96, noes 32. -
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon !
(at fifteen minutes to three o'clock, p. m.) the I
House adjourned.
obstructions from the channel of the Potomac
river; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of 0.
Bowne, in behalfof the commissioners for the re-
moval of the quarantine station of the State of
New York, prayingthatthe value of the property
of the United States at the present quarantine sta-
tion may be applied to furnish such accommoda-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall deem
necessary for revenue purposes at the new quar-
antine site; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. KING presented papers relative to the
claim of James A. Mott to compensation for med-
ical services to sick and wounded soldiers in the
j war of 1812; which were referred to the Commit-
1 tee on Pensions.
S He also presented the petition of William Nich-
| olson, praying that the children of Marvel Nich-
| olson, deceased, may be authorized to locate or
i assign a land warrant granted to her; which was
I referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
; Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of E.
jj h. Btshop, praying ail appropriation to test the
utility of certain improvements in dredging ma-
ll clnnr-s patented by him; which was referred to
| the Committee on Commerce.
l! lie also presented the petition of Henry M.
j Floury, and otheis, praying the confirmation of
] a certain land title; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mi. DAVIS presented the petition of William
: fi. Whiting, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying an
appropriation to makeexperiments with fire-arms,
and materials to resist projectiles from fire-arms;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
IN SENATE. |
Saturday, May 22, 185S. \
Prayer by Rev. H. N. Sii-es. !
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. j
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution ol the Sen-
ate, papers in relation to claims of Blocker P. j
Gttrley and James F. Davis, to compensation as
counsel for Lieutenant Andei son and his detach- i
ment: which, on motion of Mr. Frrzp\thick, '
was referred to the Committee on Military Allan's
and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Treasurer of the United States, communicating I
copiesofhisaccounts of the receipts and disbnise- i
ments for the Post Office Department for the fiscal
years ending the 30th June, 18ofi, and 30th June,
1857; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
SecretaryoftbeTreasury, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a state-
ment showing the unexpended balance for the
payment of claims of citizens of the United States
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memoiial of the
State of Georgia, praying that the money ad-
vanced by that State for the purchase of clothing
for the use of the army then quartered near the
city of Savannah, during the revolutionary war,
maybe refunded; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Noah
Gammon, praying that an amount paid by him
on the entry of certain land, to which he did not ob-
tain a. title, may be refunded; which was referied
to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the report of the
Secreiary of the Treasury, relative to the present
condition of the finances of the Government, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 39G) to authorize a loan not
exceeding the sum of$15,000,000; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. He gave notice
that lie should ask for the consideration of the bill
on Monday next.
Mr. STUART. Tlje Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the memorial of J.
II. Langley and others, citizens of Illinois, rela-
tive to Rock Island; the memorial of the preempt-
ors of the island of Rock Island, in Illinois; and
the petition of the Mayor and Council of the city
of Iiock island, Illinois, asking for some legisla-
tion by Congress, m respect to that island, have
iusti acted me to move that they be discharged
fiom the further consideration of the subject. 1
will briefly state that the Secretary of War is pro-
ceeding to sell Rock Island underautlionty of law,
and for that reason the Interior Department de-
clines exercising any authority on the subject.
It appears to the'eomimttee that there issome con-
troversy between individual claimants; but the
whole subject is so completely under the control
ami discretion of the Secretary of War that the
committee do not think it pioper foi Congiess to
take tiny steps in the matter.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. S TUART, from the same committee, to
whom were referred resolutions of the Legislature
of New Jersey in favor of a donation of public
Ij lands to that State in common with other States,
' j for establishing agricultural colleges; a memorial
!l of the Legislature of Minnesota, praying a dona-
tion of land for the establishment of an agricultu-
ral college 111 that State; a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California in favor of a donation of lands
to thu States and Territories for agricultural col-
leges therein; a memorial of the Legislature of
Iowa, praying a donation of land for the purpose
of establishing scientific agricultural schools in
that State; resolutions of the Legislature of Mich-
igan, in favor of a donation of land for the endow-
ment of the Michigan Agricultural College; a me-
moiial of the Michigan State Agticuhural Society,
praying that a grant cf laud be made for the en-
dowment of an agueultural college in that State,
and similar institutions in every State in the Union ;
States, to teach such branches of learning as relate
to agriculture and the mechanic arts; a memorial
of the members of the Board of Education of the
State of Michigan, and of the faculty of the Agri-
cultural College of that State, praying a donation
of land for the agricultural college; a petition of
the New York State Agricultural College for an
appropriation of public lands for an agricultural
college in each State of the Union; a petition of
the Ohio State Board of Agriculture, praying that-
a donation of land may be made to each of the
States for the establishment of agricultural col-
leges; a memorial of the regents of the University
of Michigan, praying a donation of land; resolu-
tions of the New York State Agricultural Society
recommending a grant of land to each State and
Territory, and the District of Columbia, for the en-
I dowmentand maintenance of agricultural colleges;
! a memorial of the directors and faculty of the
i Farmers' College, Hamilton county, Ohio, pray-
! ino- a grant of land to the several States and Te-r-
! ritories for the establishment of agricultural col-
| leges therein; a petition of citizens of New London
i c<Tunty, Cijpnecticut, praying that agrantof land
j be made to each State, to endow therein an indus-
! trial university; a petition of inhabitants of Mich-
' igan, praying that a grant of land may be made
! for the benefit of the Michigan Agricultural Col-
lege; a petition of inhabitants of Micnigan, pray-
ing that a donation of land be made for the use of
the Michigan Agricultural College; a memorial
of the Board of Trustees of the Farmers' High
School of Pennsylvania, praying a grant of land
for the endowment of that institution; a petition
■ of the State Agricultural Society, of Michigan,
! praying that a liberal donation of public land may
' be made forthe promotion ofagriculturdleducation
in that State; a memorial of Sallie Eola Reneau,
praying an appropriation of a poition of unap-
propriated public land in the State of Mississippi,
for the purpose of endowing the State Female Col-
lege of Mississippi; a memorial of the Boaid of
Trustees" of the ProtestantUniversity of the Uni-
ted States, at Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that that
institution may be endowed by a grant of public
land; a memorial of the officers of the Oakland
County Agiicultnral Society, in Michigan, prav-
itig a donation of land to each of the States, for
the encouragement and promotion of agricultu-
ral education therein; a petition of the Calhoun
Counly Agricultural Society, Michigan, praying
that a liberal donation of public land be made to
Michigan, and other States, for the promotion of
agricultural education; asked to be discharged from
their fui tiler consideration; which was agreed to,
the committee having already leported a House
bill (No. 2) on the subject.
Mr. HIGLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 318) for the relief of Keep, Baul &
Co., J. Cauifield, and Joseph Landis & Co.,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
1 Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims,
i to whom was referred the memorial of William
J Money, submitted a leport, accompanied by a
\ bill (S. No. 398) for the relief of Will mm Money.
! The bill was lead, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.-
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Anastacio Caxxillo, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
He also, from the Committee on Naval AlTaiis,
to whom tlie subject was referred, reported a bill
(S. No. 397) to authorize the construction of six
small war steamers, of light draught; which was
read and passed to a set ond n ading. He notified
Senators that he would piobably oiler the bill as
an amendment to the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R- No.
300) declaring the title to land warrants in certain
cases, repo.-ted it without amendment.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referied the petition of Maurice Iv.
Simons, asked to be discharged from its fuither
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Hen- i! resolutions passed at the annual meeting of the
ry Addison and Robert Ould, in behalf of the cor- j Oneida County Agricultural Society, New York,
porate authorities of Georgetown, District of Co- j in favor of the endowment and maintenance o a
lumbia, praying- an appropriation for removing 1! college m each State and Territory of the United
M. C. GRITZNER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. __ I move to re-
consider the vote by which the biil (S. No. 358)
for the relief of M. C. Gntzner, was passed yes-
