934
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps
any respectable number of the House. Were I
to consult my own wishes, I would content myself
with giving a silent vote on the question when it
comes to be presented to this House for decision.
But it is due, in part to the people whom I repre-
sent—knowing as I do that my convictions of
duty in regard to this measure correspond entirely
with theirs—that their views should be expressed
on this floor. It is due, also, to the expression
of both branches of the Legislature of my State,
as contained in their resolutions introduced into
this House protesting against this measure, that
I should speak in regard to it. I do notsuppose
that I shall be able to present this question in any
new or striking light, or to give the House any
information on this subject which it does not
already possess. In reference to any practical
results to be attained by further discussion of this
question, I am very much of the opinion of the
editor of the Washington Union, a paper which
I seldom read, but which I happened to lay hold
of yesterday, and which contained the following:
" Forty set speeches in tile House—forty hours of easy-
reading in a deliberative body—forty lay sermons on polities
in Congress! Why, it is worse than forty years m the
desert, or fortydays fasting in Lent, or the horrors endured
by the forty thieves in their forty jars when the hot oil was
poured in upon their frying bodies and souls."
Now, in most of that I concur with the editor
of the Union; and there is but one affliction, in my
judgment, that a man could be subjected to, which
would be worse than having to listen to speeches
upon this subject on this floor,and thatwould be
if a roan were condemned to read the editorial
effusions of the Washington Union by the hour.
[Laughter.]
The President tells us, in the remarkable mes-
sage thataccompanied this constitution, that there
is a strange delusion existing in the country in
reference to the affairs of Kansas. Now, sir, if
that message contains a truthful representation
of the affairs of that Territory, ihere is indeed a
strange delusion, and that delusion exists with
entire unanimity among the people whom I rep-
resent.
Sir, the plain scope and tenor of that message
is, that from the lime of the formation of the gov-
ernment of that Territory, a large portion of its
inhabitants—actuated by no conceivable motive,
except such as is ordinarily charged in common-
law indictments," instigated by tiie devil"—have
been in open rebellion against the territorial gov-
ernment, and have been endeavoring to subvert
that government. No fact, no circumstance is
alluded to in the message, winch is churned to
justify, palliate, or excuse resistance to the lawful
government. Now, who does not know that a
statement of that description is an untruthful,
prejudiced, partisan, and false statement of the
affairs of that Territory? Sir, there is a maxim
in law, which is equally true in morals, that often-
times the suppression of truth is equivalent to a
falsehood. Who does not know, without refer-
ence to a single fact outside of this paper, that this
message is not only a libel upon the people of the
Territory, but a libel upon human nature itself?
There never has been found—there never will be
found, while human government remains but" the
badge of lost innocence"—a people who have re-
belled against an established government, from
the more love of rebellion. Men commit crime;
the world is full of it; but they have the ordinary
motives of crime. The President, however, ill
his view of the affairs of the Territory, has not
found any motive or excuse which is claimed to
palliate the conduct of that people.
Mr. Chaiiman, 1 trust I have a becoming sense
of what is due to the Chief Magistrate of this Re-
public. When [ reflect that he occupies his pres-
ent proud position by the voluntary choice of the
people of this Republic, I "bow to their majesty,
and have toward the object of their choice no
other feeling than that of-reverence and respect.
But when I read this message, when I remember
the history of the people of Kansas and their
countless.wrongs, when I remember under what
pretenses the Missouri compromise was stricken
down, when J remember the pledges that were
inade in his name, when I remember the delusive
plea that was set up of popular sovereignty—that
this was a great Democratic measure, that the
people were to be left entirely free to form their
own institutions and to manage their affaii-3 in
their own way, and the promise that all the pow-
ers of this Government should be exercised, if
need be, to secure those rights, when I know and
see that all these pledges nave been shamelessly
violated—when X remember all these things, it is
difficult to restrain a.feeling of something like in-
dignation at this message, and of contempt for
its author; and I think that that feeling animates
the breasts of a vast majority of the American
people at this hour.
I do not intend to discuss the merits or demerits
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. As a question of
policy originally it never received my approba-
tion, and had I had an opportunity to vote upon
it, it never would have received my assent. I am
one of those who believe that Congress has power
to govern the Territories of the United States, and
that it can never safely dispense with the exercise
of that power. It was claimed before the people
that this-Kansas-Nebraska bill contained a new
revelation on this subject—that it embodied the
great principle of popular sovereignty—that great,
principle that lies at the foundation of our Gov-
ernment, and ought to receive the sanction of the
people of this country. But, sir, that principle
was never contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
It never was designed to be put there origin-
ally, and so far as it was claimed to have been
there, we charged upon its authors that we be-
lieved it to be a fraud, and an intentional fraud;
and the history of thecountry, I think, has shown
that that charge was not only made in good faith,
but that it was true. So far from containing the
principle of popular sovereignty,it withheld from
the people the exercise of certain essential and
fundamental rights, without which no popular
sovereignty ever could exist, and without which
theru was nothing worthy the name of free gov-
ernment. Why,sir, we knew, thecountry knew,
everybody knew that bill contained the machinery
which, in the hands of corrupt and venal men,
would enable them to control the affairs of that
Territory, irrespective of the wishes of the peo-
ple. What rights were withheld from them r The
election of their Chief Magistrate. If they were
fit to govern themselves, and to frame their own
institutions, certainly they'were fit to elect this
officer, an officer possessed of a large and discre-
tionary power. Notonly was the election of their
Chief Magistrate withheld fi uin them, but judges
were appointed for them over whom they had no
control, and who were in no wise responsible to
them.
I have said thus much, Mr. Chairman, in ref-
erence to the policy of that measure, because the
persons opposed to the admission of Kansas into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution have
been charged on this floor with becoming all at
once the champions of popular sovereignty.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to discuss, at some
length, the power of Congress to govern the Ter-
ritories of the United States. I deem this proper
in reference to the manner in which the application
of Kansas for admission into the Union comes be-
fore the House at the present time; and inasmuch
as it is claimed by the President and his friends to
be here clothed with all the sanctions and formal-
ities of the law. They contend, indeed, that this
Lecompton constitution comes before this House
with strict regularity, in every step of its forma-
tion. Noone,I believe, denies the power of Con-
gress over the Territories to govern them in any
way it deems proper, provided it does not exclude
slavery from them, or attempt to exercise any of
the powers prohibited in the Constitution of the
United States, such as the establishment of reli-
gion. &c. In the recent decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, known as the Dred
Scott case, the power of Congress to govern the
Teiritoi its is discussed to a very considerable ex-
tent. Permit me to call the attention of the House,
for a moment, to some remarks of Chief Justice
Taney, to bo found on pages 54 and 55 of the vol-
ume printed by the order of the Senate:
" The power to acquire territory necessarily carries with
it the powei to preserve and apply to the purposes for which
it was aequued. The foim of government to be established
necossarilyrested in the discretion of Congress. It was their
duty to establish the one that would be best suited for the
pioteetion and security of the citizens of the United Htates
and other inhabitants who might be authorized to take up
their abode there."
I might also read in the same volume from the
opinion of Mr. Justice Campbell. They both
concede the power of Congress to govern the Ter-
ritories except in relation to the prohibition of
slavery. I may be permitted to observe here that
it is a curious fact to notice whence the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court chooses to derive
the power to govern the Territories of the United
States. Instead of resorting to the express lan-
guage of the instrument itself, where the power
is fully given in proper and apt language, as may
be seen by consulting almost any elementary
writer on the subject of law, he chooses to deduce
or imply the power from certain other powers
granted. The language is familiar to all:
" Congress shall have power to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territoiy, and other propeity
of the United States."
Now, instead of resorting to this clause as the
source and origin of the power of Congress to
govern the Territories, the court chooses to find
that power in the right to acquire territory; and
as that power is not to be found in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and was for a long time
questioned by its very founders, the court derives
the right to acquire territory from the powergiven
in the Constitution for Congress to admit new
States into the Union. Now, why was this in-
terpretation of the Constitution resorted to ? If
the court had contented themselves with resorting
to that clause of the Constitution which grants this
power, in apt and proper language, they would
have been constrained to admit it to be a full and
plenary power, and that itinvested Congress with
authority to make whatever rules and regulations
respecting the territory of the United States Con-
gress, in the'exercise of its discretion, should
think proper. But if the court should resort to
some implied power from something else which
was implied, the court could then fix the limit-
ation upon this power, by implication, to suit
themselves.
Now, would it not be a curious study for an
admirer of the Virginia resolutions of 1798 to as-
certain how to imply a power to govern the terri-
tory of the United States from the power to ac-
quire territory, which power must itself be im-
plied from the power to admit new States into the
Union ?—an implied power in the third degree. I
think it would be an agreeable and pleasing occu-
pation to some devotee of these Virginia resolu-
tions of 1798 to see how this could be constitu-
tionally and lawfully done.
If there be one historical fact undisputed in
reference to the formation of the Federal Consti-
tution, I assert that fact to be that the power to
admit new States into the Union was granted in
the Federal Constitution with reference to the
then existing Northwest Territory, and to the ter-
ritory which was held by the then existing States
under the expectation of a future cession of it to
the General Government. The discussion which
arose upon the Louisiana purchase, catling the at-
tention of the founders of the Federal Constitution
to that subject, when all the circumstances attend-
ing the formation of the Constitution were fresh
in the recollection of living men, demonstrates be-
yond controversy that that grant of power was
not made in reference to territory to bo acquired.
You all know the opinion of Jefferson on that
subject. Anxious as he was for the acquisition
of the Louisiana territory, he resolutely insisted
that it could not be lawfully acquired unless the
Constitution of the United States was amended.
So it is manifest, if the power to govern the ter-
ritory of the United States is not to be derived
from that clause of the Constitution which em-
powers Congress to make a! I needful rules and reg-
ulations respecting the territory, &c., and which
clause received a practical interpretation in the first
Congress assembled under it, which construction
has been sanctioned for more than fifty years be-
yond dispute and controversy, then there is no
power in Congress whatever to govern the Terri-
tories of the United States.
On the formation of the Federal Constitution
certain powers were granted to the General Gov-
ernment, and others were reserved to the States,
or the people of the States; and the exercise of
certain powers was forbidden to Congress, the
States, and the people. The aggregate of all these
powers constitute what we call sovereignty—-that
is, all thepowers that organized society may right-
