1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
emerge from her pupilage and take her rank in
the Confederacy as a State.
Section nineteen of the Kansas territorial act,
after describing her boundaries, and defining her
limits, provides as follows:
The same is hereby created into a temporary govern-
ment, by the name of the Territory of Kaunas ; and when
admitted as a Bfate or Suites, the said Territory, 01 any
portion of the same, shall be received into the Union, with
or without slavery, as their constitution may piescribe at
the time of then .-ubirussion."
This language is plain and simple, and clearly
establishes three propositions; first, that the ter-
ritorial government was intended to he a temporary
one; and secondly, that Kansas was to be admit-
ted as a Slate or blates into the Union after the tem-
porary government had answered its purpose; and
thirdly, that the State was to come into the Gnion
" with or without slavery, as their constitution
may prescribe at the time of their admission.1'
Tlicio is, therefore, nothing inconsistent with the
Kansas territorial act, in the provision by the
Legislature, far the call of a convention of del-
egates to be elected by the people, but such course
seems to harmonize fully with its intent and mean-
ing.
The next point in this record to be examined,
is, was that election ordered for members of the
Legislature by the Governor, and was it eon-
ducted according to the provisions of the Kansas
act? The Governor did order such election, ap-
pointing persons to supervise it and make returns
thereof. The election took place, certificates were
given by the proper officers, to membeis elected;
they assembled, determined the qualifications of
their own members, as they had a rurht to do, and
v/ere recognized as a properly ceo-tituted Legis-
lature by the Governor, who had ordered the elec-
tion, by having official intercourse with them, and
sending m a message to them. The Federal Gov-
ernment has indorsed it as a constitutional and
legal body, by paying its expenses and ordering
out troops to uphold and enforce its enactments.
It was also recognized as such by Judge Douglas,
who in his able report to the Senate of 12th March,
1856, uses the following language:
" The election was held in obedience to the proclamation*
of the Governor of the Tenitoiy, whim picket .bed tin. mode
of pioeecdiiiii, the foirn of the oath ami i.'tinit-, the pr^eau-
tiou.uy •vile^uard*- dyamst illegal voting, ;nul uie mode of
contesting the election.5<
Aoaii), he says:
iai <w the question involve5! the leralitv of 1 lie Kan-
sas Jj<'ci>lriiuie, ami the\ ahdny of in act-. jm - p-ituH, nn-
mareii.i! whethe! we ad-'pt the ico^onmy u,d e..'i"iu«io.!s
ol the mmorirv ot nnjoniy jcp ■: t-, ,<>i t .u.mi p o\, <•- tn.u mo
Legislature wan legally and did-7 eon-tamed M
Another point of legitimate inyjiry, from the
record, is, did that Legislature thus elected pro-
vide, by a plain and maple enactment, for the
election of delegates to th.it e-invention, to take
place in the ordinary w^y. There seems to be no
controversy among parties upon thw pomt. T'.ie
Jaw was passed by b.-th biaachcs of th" Legisla-
ture, and although vetoed by the (Governor, under
some frivolous ptetejet, vet it pa^ed both bodies
by atwo-tlnnb ■vote, thus making it a law over
the Governor's veto. I cannotgivo room for the
whole act,'but submit the foi'ow<ng sections:
" Set. 1. That tneie -drill be at the thv. general Gdeoaon
to come off in < )cfui)ei} Ijt.'m, «i p'-h i.pen.-d at tne ,j1
places ot voting thiousiiiuut tint T"jt,t'>ri, foi t.ikn;Lr tne
sense of tlie poonle of tin- Tunirmv upon tii * e>p ahe-ney
or calling a conwi tion Jo for in a St<:-~>n-tHun u.
" Sec. -2, it 5.ball be the duty of inc judges at the several
election pieemct=> m tbi.- Ten.ton , ,n the <\kji noii aMi
said, lo eaiw a noli to be op-'nea, which p'<li <!n,!I contain
1 wo columns, one to be headed < convent.on.' the othei.
4 no com ejition and ixicy -hall c<;u e the vote of each
individual vot:i to be set in the appropriate column.'"
The same Legislature that passed the act au-
thorising an election of delegates by the people
to tin: convention, prescribod'the qiuihfieanmi'of
voters for such delegates as it had a right under ;
the Kansas bill to do, and passed what was called !
"the registration act." This required all who |
desired to take part in that election to come for- .
ward by a given day, some time oil, and register 1
or enroll their names, that it might be known on i
the election day who were ciuscns in Kansas. i
Again, let os inquire, as it is proper to do, did |
an election take place for delegates under the act -
of the Legislature providing for it; and did they
constitute^ body representing the sovereignty of j
the p< opie of Kansas? Just, before that election, !
Governor Walker addressed the people of the ,
Territory, and spoke the following language: :
Tlie people oi Kurt: us ate invited by the highest author- \
itv known to the Constitution to paitieiyutc freely and fairly
in the election of delegates to form a constitution and State
government."
Judge Douglas, in a speech in Chicago, in June,
1857, is reported as having addressed the people
as follows:
" He spoke of the fairness and justice of the law, giving
the people an opportunity of expressing their honest con-
victions on the subject of slavery m a constitutional man-
ner,/^ means of a constitutional convention soon to mect,to
decide that and all other important matters connected with
the future of the new State of Kansas. The people of that
beautiful Territory would soon speak. We would soon
have, he had no doubt, a free and quiet expression of opin-
ion by means of the elective franchise, fiom that silent,
but ino.-t ceitain wea-pon of a free people—the baliot-bot.
Should thtt enemujh of that mode of hettluiy the much-
vexed question of slavery in that Territory blindly and oh-
fctmately refuse to exercise the richtss a^ured them bj the
laws of Congrevs, upon their head-;, and theirs aiorie, will
rest the responsibility."
Here, then, is the concurrent testimony of
Walker and Douglas: that the Legislature had
done its duty " fully;" that nothing remained but
for the legal voters to go to the ballot-box, and
"participate freely and falrhj iti the election of dele-
gates.The election day came on, an election
was had, certificates of election were given to those
who had received a majority of the votes polled,
as m other cases of popular elections. "We know
not, we have no right to inquire, who went to
the ballot-box. or who &taid away. These dele-
gates, ttius c^eted, went up to the convention on
the day appointed for its meeting, clothed with
all the authouty wmoli the people had the right
to confer.
Now, sir, we come to the last feature of this
record. D d this convention thus elected and con-
vened pass upon and adopt the constitution now
under consideration? What right have we to
doubt it? It comes to us certified as their act,
under the seal of the president of the convention,
through whom it was to be transmitted to Con-
gress. The truth or validity of that certificate I
have never heard called into question. Here our
investigation must stop. The question as to
whether the constitution, or any part of it, was
referred to the people for approval, is a matter
about which we hove no right t.i inquire. Lisa
matter for the consideration alone of the conven-
tion that firmed it. If they chose to withhold it
from latification by a popular vote, it was entirely
conv,intent for them to do so. About one half of
the States m this Union have been admitted with-
out their constitutions having such popular m-
dot's' tnent, and some of them piesentuiL, (/insti-
tutions formed without any authouty of 'aw
whotever. If, then, the convention had a right
to refer it or not, us u d< eir.ed advisable, it <• m-
not becom" lYKitoiia' to inquire whe'her the whole
oi a part of it was submit d for ratification. It
the whole of it had ^een referred Liek, it would
have been right; u only apart, it would ^ 1111 have
been right; or if no part of n. the contention would
vet have been m the ime of us duty. I conclude,
then, that ail has been done which we have ^ right
to leipure at the hands of the people of Kansas,
and she now presents herself, not m the attitude
of a supplicant, begging admission into the Fed-
eral Unioa; but with her constitution m her hand,
embodying her sovereign will, she demands a
place amongst us.
What right have wo to reject her application?
Aut whose instance is it to be done r Who is to
be gratified by it? Is it the peaceable, law-abiding
citizens of the Territory? No, sir, but a bend oi
outlaws in Kansas who"are just as much in Rebel-
lion against this Government as Brigham \oung
and his followers; who have refuvd to subnnt to
legal enactments, have attempted to subvert the
power and authority of the Federal Government
m that Territory, and have organized themselves
into a military force the better to consummate
their treasonable purposes, ft is to he done tj
gratify a set of political gamb.eis aere- at home
who have dared to stake a nation s happiness and ;
perpetuity upon the unhallowed g.-mc which they j
are playing lor office, and its poor emoluments. ,
In passing on to my conclusions I will notice j
one point which is made by the opponents! ol the j
bill. Gentlemen object to it because they say that ,
even the submission of the constitution,^ ttu* a*
relates to slavery, is rmt a fair one 'I hat suo- !
mission, se.y they, looks only to th a future intrn- ,
duction of slavery into the State, while it recog-
nizes and piutects slavery to the extent of its
present existence there. Let us Sec vnether rms
i objection is well taken. It will be admitted that
i the right of private property, having once at-
tached, cannot be interfered with for its destruc-
tion, nor can it be taken from the owner for public
uses, except for a full and fair consideration. Did,
then, the right to hold slaves in this Territory at-
tach at any time ? Under the decision in the-Dred
Scott case, this rightdid attach whenever the slave-
holder went into that Territory with his slave. If
this right, then, did attach, and the right to prop-
erty cannot bo interfered with by Government for
its destruction, with what show of reason can ifc
be argued that this matter of private rights should
be referred to the people ? It is the duty of Gov-
ernment to protcct,and not destroy, the rights of
j property. Hence the convention acted wisely
! when it refused to submit the rights to private
j property to the people, but undertook to place
i them beyond the reach of the popular voice and
! declare that such subsisting rights should not be
! interfered with. The convention had unquestion-
j ably the power to submit to the people, as it did,
! the question whether any such rights should at-
• tach in future; but, certainly, rights already vested
i could not be divested by the popular voice how-
| evcrpotent we may be inclined to regard it. Then,
I sir, to object to the constitution on this ground, is
; to strike at the inviolable tenure by which we hold
; pnvate property.
But you say you deny the authority of the
Died Scott case, and that under that decision no
such rights attach. Then I hold you bound by
; the territorial act, which, to all intents and pur-
, poses, recogmzos the right of the people of the
Territory of Kansas to hold slaves, in it appears
the following language:
iC In all involving title- to slaves, the said writs of
euoroi app.;aK ^lull be allowed and decided by* tne said
Supreme Ceiut uittiout teirard to the value oi the mattei,
; | piopnty, or title in conttovcrsy."'*'
Is not this a clear recognition of such right?
How can you establish a tribunal to determine
the rights of property or title to slaves, without
at the same time admitting that such rights exist?
, A strange anomaly would it be, and a prodigal
! waste of time, in Congress, to provide for the ad-
; judication of rights which you say could never
i spiing up. This objection to the constitution,
, lik^ all others which I have heard, is as baseless
! as the " fabric of a vision."
| Before i conclude, I wish to address a few re-
i marks to my Democratic friends who are yielding
to the embraces of the Btack Republican p«rty
, u;<on this question. Do you fully understand
ami pppr- aatc your position before the country ?
: Nmo tenths of the Democratic masses are in favor
of receiving Kansas as a Suite into the Union,
under tne Lccompton constitution. Nearly the
1 p.nno proportion of Democratic members upon
this lloortfike the sani" view of the matter. The
■ Piesidint of the united States, who has been
. chosen by the whole p^rty ior his experience, his
integuty, and statesmanship, is urging it upon us
as a pcaee measure, to dt.ve this irutnting and
dangerous question outof Congie&s, to localize it,
: and thus cut off the supplies, the pabulum which
i sustains abolitionism. Can you place yourselves
! in antagonism to the Democratic party upon this
j question, which threatens to disrupt it? When
, it is luud-pressed on all sides by its enemies, can
1 you oivc them aid and comfort?
; We of the South know that you have breasted
: the storm m the passage and support of the Kan-
' sas-Nebraska act. We have seen you stand, hko
; a rock m mid-ocean, while the waves ot fa< Wo a
and fanaticism, swollen to mountain propoiitons,
]ash< d you with demoniac fury; and we felt that
you were entitled to gratitude, especially from
, southern hearts, for your manly courage and
■ fidelity to principle. We have been taught to lely
upon your aid in securing to us the measure of
our just constitutional rights upon this great ques-
uon. And now when the last scene has come,
when the hist battle is to be fought for the gieat
punciple of non-intervention,and the cap-stone is
to go up with shouting, you draw back, desert
your old friends, and ate fc,us;d holding counsel
v. ith Abolitionists, and devising plans for the de-
feat of thts great principle; and the overthrow of
Deroooracy. Let rne tell you that the responsi-
f bihty which } ou are assuming is a most fearful
one. You are in alliance with men who compass
your destruction; who v/ouid spear you m the
back at any moment to loiward their prospceU;
