1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<135
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
fully exercise for the protection and government
of the members composing it. This power or
sovereignty is necessarily incident to, and grows
out of organized society—cannot be annihilated.
Its full and free exercise may be restrained by
force, or constitutional limitations.
Now, it must certainly follow that the power
to legislate upon the subject of slavery must be
found in Congress; or its exercise prohibited m
the Constitution; or it is conferred on the States;
or is among that class of undefined powers re-
served to the people of the States. But the rights
reserved to the people of the States by the Con-
stitution are rights which pertain to them as citi-
zens of a State, and only while such citizens.
The right, then, to legislate upon the subject of
slavery in the Territories not being in the States
or the people of the States, must necessarily be
in the people of the Territory or in Congress. It
cannot be in the people of the Territory, unless
the people of the Territory are independent of the
Federal Government. It follows, therefore, that
power must be in Congress, and may be lawfully
exorcised, unless some provision be found m the
Constitution expressly restraining that right. No
such limitation is found, or claimed to be found,
in that instrument. But it is attempted to insert
in the Constitution an implied limitation upon the
power of Congress over the subject of slavery in
the Territories from considerations of public pol-
icy, and the recognition alleged to be contained
in the Constitution of the right of property m
But if we were to accede to the position assumed
by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, that
the power to govern the Territories was derived
from the right to acquire territory, Congress
would still have the right to prohibit slavery in
the Territories, for the simple reason that the pro-
hibition or regulation of that institution is con-
fessedly within the scope of legislation. If the
power to govern at all be vested in Congress, that
power is absolute, unless restrained by consti-
tutional limitation, the existence of which is not
claimed or pretended.
But it is said that the Constitution recognizes
property of the master in his slave. Suppose it
does. If the power to govern the Territories ex-
ists in Congress, may not Congress prohibitprop-
erty being carricd into the Territory? may they
not prohibit a particular kind of property from
being carried into the Territory? nay, may it not
prohibit the citizens of the States themselves from
going into the Territories >
Surely gentlemen will not say that the regula-
tion of each and all of these subjects is not within j
the scope of legislation. What are the limits of !
legislative power? Why, in the absence of con-
stitutional restrictions, Congress may do every-
thing of right, and lawfully, which organized
society might do. It would be, what Blackstone
affirms of the British Parliament, omnipotent.
But the Supreme Court say these Territories can
only be acquired for the purpose of being formed
into States to be admitted into the Union, and
that they cannot therefore be held and governed «s
colonies. . ,
Indeed ! Suppose the Federal Government had
power to acquire Territories for the purpose of
admitting them into the Union as States, and Con-
gress empowered to govern them during tneir lei -
ritorial existence, and to decide upon their ad-
mission into the Union; under such a grant of
power, would not Congress be the sole judge as
to the manner of governing the .Territory, when
and how they should be admitted into the L nion -
or would such a power vest authority in the bu-
preme Court to determine how Congress should
govern them? To whom is Congress lesponsi-
ble for the exercise of this power r The power to
acquire territory is conceded, and the power to
govern it while it is held as a Territory is con-
ceded. Where, then, is the limitation that the
court can impose on the exercise of this pow-
er? Where is the discretion vested as to how
long the Territory shall be held, and when it is
to enter into the Union? Congress is the sole
^"ffut, the court say, or rather the Chief Justice,
that " the right of property in a slave is distinctly
and expressly affirmed in the Constitution.
Nothing, as a matter of fact, can be further from
the truth than this proposition.
The only two clauses relied on to prove this
proposition are—first subdivision, section nine,
article one, is:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit shall
not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1808, but a
tax may be imposed on each person," &c.
The second clause, where this recognition is
found, is:
"No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m conse-
nuence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
■such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such labor or service may be due."
Now, in relation to the first provision this most
extraordinary language is used by the Chief Jus-
tice:
"The right to traffic in it [slaves] like an ordinary aiti-
de of merchandise and property, way guarantied to the cit-
izen'; of the United States, in every State that mightdcsire
it, lor twenty years."
And here is to be found that provision of the
Constitution of the United States which recog-
nizes and guaranties the right of property ia slaves.
Consider the full import of that word guaran-
tied/ Thatis, to insuie the title—to make certain
as if with covenants—the title of the man who
chooses to traffic in that merchandise.
Why, look at that provision of the Constitu-
tion. It was simply a restriction on Congress
from exercising (what was confessedly a power n
given to Congress) for the period of twenty years ;
the power to prohibit a traffic which the civilized i,
world has denounced as piracy, and consigned to j,
the gibbet the guilty wretch who engages in it. |j
j Power was given Congress to prohibit the slave j,
1 trade, but in granting that power, its exercise j'
was restrained for twenty years. And this Ian- 1/
guage, by a kind of Jesuitical judicial jugglery, is j
tortured into an express recognition of property in ;
slaves by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, j
Can a grant of constitutional power, to take ,|
effect at the expiration of twenty years from the j I
grant, authorizing Congress to inflict the extreme j;
penalty of death on the guilty wretch who should |
engage in this infamous traffic, be properly, justly, . j
and necessarily construed as a recognition of ji
property in the articles of traffic thus prohibited, ^
or a guarantee of title? . j
Let us look at the other section from which this (i
doctrine is evolved. This section recognizes no ;;
property hi man, in that sense, ill which we use
the word property when speaking of articles of ;
merchandise. It simply recognizes the fact that
persons, in some of the States, by the laws of such ,
States, may be held to service; and when they 1
escape into another State, prohibits such State (
from interfering to discharge such persons from j
service or labor, but provides they shall be de- i
hvered up on claim. It ainims nothing of the i,
1 rightfulness or the contrary of the relation; but,
I for the sake of peace and quiet, it prevents one
! State from interfering with such legal relations
! as some other State may institute among us cm- ;i
I zens or people.
| It is conceded this provision applies as well to
1 persons bound to service for a term of yeaiH, as
; to slaves. If it affiims property in slaves, i t affirms
| property in apprentices, winch is absurd, it is ,
! the same abuse and misuse of language as the
j honorable gentleman from Tennessee [iVLi. Axay-
1 nard] indulged when he affiimed a^man had a
property in his wife, his child, and lv>j4 ward. It ,,
neither approves or condemns the lelatioo, it
only provides each State shall determine its pro- ,
priety and legality jor ilsetj. 1
J have thus discussed at some length the power _
of Congress to govern the Temtories of the Uni- ;
ted States, because, in my judgment, it was ne-
cessary, in order to understand correctly and to
appreciate the position assumed by gentlemen on ,
this floor, that the application now_before us tor
the admission of Kansas into the Union as a State, ,
is a legal application, and that, notwithstanding .
all the frauds in connection with it, m every stage .
of the proceeding, in consequence of its h-gality
and formality there is something like a legal oo- ■
ligation resting upon this House to admit her uko
the Union under that constitution. ^ I have before .
stated that the Supreme Court, in its discussion ■
of the power of Congress to govern the Territo-
ries, concedes this right to be in Congress to the
fullest extent, with the qualification that! have
before alluded to. I do not understand that it is
denied upon this floor that the Congress of the
United States has power to govern this Territory.
Qentlemen who have advocated the admission of
the Territory under this constitution have sought
in various ways to find what, in the former his-
tory of this Government, has answered the pur-
pose of, or been denominated, an enabling act;
because it would be a bald and difficult proposi-
tion to support here, if Congress has power to
govern the Territories, that the people of a Ter-
ritory may at anytime when they see fit to do so,
assemble a convention and frame a constitution,
and by that act entitle themselves to admission
into the Union as one of the States of the Union.
There has, therefore, been an industrious effort
to find some power in the past legislation of the
country in reference to this Territory that would
subserve the purpose of an enabling act and au-
thorize the formation of a constitution by this
* The honorablegenllemanfromTennessee, [Mr.
Smith,] has, with marked ingenuity, found an
enabling act in the treaty made with France in
the purchase of Louisiana; and that I may do the
gentleman no injustice, I will read from his speech
in the House upon tilts question. He says:
" 1 need not enlarge upon this, because, as I befoie staled,
there is an enablm? net for the formation of a Suite govern-
ment for the Territory of Kansas, dated anterior to the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska hill. I know, sir, that some.
Who herotofoie belonged to the Democratic p-irty, are of
opinion that there ought to have been an enabling act such
as the distinguished rieiuitor from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas J
—but at the same tune admilthatan enabling act i  not ne-
cessary to thi: foimation of a constitution. Upon examin-
ation 1 find that the treatv between the United Mates and
Fiance, of the 30th Api il, 1803-that treaty which is tliesu-
nicine law of the land—provides : what ? That Congress
■ shall pa-5-s an enabling act? No, s>ir; hut it provides that the
i people ol the Territoiy of Kansas, which is apart of Loins-
I lana Territory, shall be admitted into the Union as a State
i or States, as soon as practicable.
<•' The following is the article of Ihe treaty referred to:
" 'That the inhabitants of the cedcd teiruory shall be m-
corpoiated into the Union of the United State*, and admitted
as soon an possible, aeeouhng to the principles of the tea-
eial Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advant-
age*?, and immunities of citizens ol the United btates; and
in the mean lime shall be maintained and protected m the
free enioymrnt of their libeity, propeity, and the religion
which they profess.' "
Now, sir, it does strike me that the honorable
gentleman must have been very hard pushed, to
resort to the provision of that treaty to find an en-
abling act that would authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to comc into this Union as
an independent State whenever they chose to do
so, by virtue of a compact entered into between
this Government and the Government of France.
Why, sir, there are a thousand answers to this
proposition. If that were an enabling act, when
were the people of the Territory authorized to
form a constitution? What were to be the limits
of the Territory ? How large or how small were
the States to be ? How many inhabitants must the
Territories contain, before they were entitled to
corne into the Union? Were all these things left
in the discretion of the people in the Teiritones
■ themselves? But, the gentleman undoubtedly
knew, as a lawyer, that whatever the provisions
of these treaty stipulations were, the compact was
not between this Government and the people then
in the Territory, but between this Government
and the French Government. If Congress chose
to violate any of the provisions of that ueaty, what
was the remedy of the people of that Territory J
Did it lie m the courts of the United States' Did
it lie anywhere? I know not how the theory of
the power of governing the Territories may change
in a low yeat s. It is possible, that by-and-by tuc
Supreme Court will i*suo a mandamus command-
in" Congtess to admit thebo Territories into the
Umon, ifpon the theory that there was an enabling
act m the treaty. But, suppose it to have been a
compact, which it was not, with the people of the
Territory, and that they could, m some sort of
sense, enforce the obligations ot that treaty: why
everv man, woman, and child in the Territory, at
the time of its acquisition, had been admitted into
the Union long before the formation of this terri-
torial government.
i The compact was perfectly performed in all its
