2^6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong..,. 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Rrrp.
parts, and it is not the people of Orleans Territory
who are now complaining in reference to the form
of government to be established in Kansas. Re-
sides, the principle has been repeatedly affirmed
by the Supreme Court'of the United States "that
a contract made by the political department of the
Governmentwith a foreign nation, can be enforced
only by^ the nation with which it ismade, andnot
by the judiciary department of the Government
which make's the contract." (Foster 175. Neilson,
2Peters,953; Garcia us. Lee, 12 Peters, 511.)
Mr. Chairman, an ingenious and honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mi\'Garnett] has found
an enabling act in the Nebraska bill; not in that
portionof the act where the Presidenthas found it,
but in another portion of the bill. I am not at all
surprised at this; for we have so many, so various
and contradictory readings ofthe Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill, it is manifest that everything and any-
thing can be found in that bill that anybody de-
sires to find in it. I believe the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] has found the whole
Levitical law in it, except that portion which pro-
hibited eating pork. The enabling act, according
to (he view of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, is to be found in these words:
"TJiat the legislative power of 1I10 Territory shall extend
to all n'siitiul subjects of legislation, consistent with (he
Constitution ofthe United States and the piovi&ions oi this
act."
What was the act? It was an act organizing
a Territory, and creating aLegislative Assembly
empowered to make such necessary rules and reg-
ulations as were proper for a Territory during its
territorial existence. It was (he ordinary power
of legislation conferred upon the Legislature of a
Territory. There is nothing about forming a con-
stitution here contained; and how could such a
power be implied, when such power would sub-
vert the territorial government under which they
professed to obtain the authority?
But the President has found this power in an-
other clause of the Kansas bill—in the clause,
known as the stump spceeh—and which is in
these words:
" It being the true intent and lueanm&r of tins act not to
legislate biaveiy mho any Temtoi) or Slate, nor to exclude
it therefrom, bur, to leave the jjoojrle theieof perfectly fiee
to form and resjulnre then domestic institutions in then-own
way x subject only to the Constitution ofthe United ritates."
On this point the President has used the fol-
lowing language in his special message:
That this* law recognized the right ofthe people of the
Territory, without any enabling act from (,'oimrof, to form
a State constitution, is too clear for argument. For Con-
gress 'to leave the people'of the Territory p.- uVetlv free,'
in framing lltcir constitution, 1 to form and legulate their
domestic institutions ui their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United SttUo,1 and then to t-.u they
shall not he permitted to proceed and t'lanie a enn-'titmion
in their own way, without an e.vpiess aiuhnnty from Con-
gress, appears to be almost a contradiction 111 trims."
The President says this proposition is too plain
for argument. Sir, there is something .'-till plainer
than this proposition; and that is, that the Presi-
dent Inisdishonestly mteipol,ued language in that
clause not to b" found in the net, and which p< in-
verts its entire scope and moaning; and that with-
out that interpolation, no man, even with talents
of an anjje), could make even a plausible argument
for the President's proposition. Ft is generally
conceded that the people of the Territory have
the right to form their constitution. Hut it is said
they may delegate thai power,and when they do
delegate that power the constitution they form is
as much the act of the people as though sanc-
tioned by a direct vote of the people.
Suppose this proposition were granted: where
is the evidence that the people of Kansas ever in-
tended to part with the right 10 vote for or against
any constitution which mi^ht be framed? Is it
found in the act of voting for a convention ? or in
votingfordelegates to the convention ? Why, that
is the only practical mode of framing; a constitu-
tion at all; and if this mode of framing a consti-
tution furnishes conclusive proof that the people
did part with the right to appiove or disappiove
of a constitution when framed, then there never
ean be an instance in which it is necessary to sub-
mit a constitution to a vote of the people; for if
the act of calling a convention and electing dele-
gates to it be sufficient and conclusive proof that
the people not only desire a constitution to be
framed, but that they thereby give their assent to
any possible frame of government the delegates
choose to make, it follows, necessarily, that in no
case is there any obligation, or propriety even, in
submitting a constitution to the vote of a people.
A.dmit, for the sake of argument, that a people
may give their assent to the termsof their funda-
mental law before it is framed, as well as after-
wards—but in this case there is no evidence of
such assent, unless it may be found in the act of
callinga convention and voting for delegates: and
I have before shown, if that proves assent in one
case it proves it in all cases. That the majority
of the people have the right to form their consti-
tution, all agree; but, it is said, inasmuch as they
may delegate that power to others, they are as
much bound by the act of their delegate as though
formed by themselves. That the maxim, " qui
facit per alium,facil per se," applies here. This
proposition will, I think, on examination,be found
based on an abuse of language and a confusion of
ideas. What is ipeant by the phrase, the people
may delegate the power to frame a constitution ?
Is it meant that the people may consent to give to
John Calhoun and company, or any other set of
men, the right to draw up such a form of govern-
ment as they please, and agree in advance to give
their assent to such constitution, whatever it may
be? If that is what is meant, the proposition
thus far is a harmless one, and may be true; but
we have no evidence that any such delegation of
power has been made.
If it b^aid that the calling of a convention and
the election of delegates is itself a delegation of
power to frame such constitution as the convention
please, then I answer that the people can never,
upon that principle, form their own constitution;
for if the people meet in mass convention, they
must, of necessity, depute some one or more to
frame the fundamental law. They cannot all do
it; they can only give or withhold their assent to
what is done by their agent, delegate, or com-
mittee. The legal maxim quoted, has no more
application than the famous Latin maxim put in
the month of General Jackson, by Jack Down-
ing: " E pltiribus tomm, nnc qita noti." This
legal maxim expresses an elementary principle in
the law of agency, that when a man procures an
act to be done by another person, which act affects
some third person, such third person may hold
him responsible who procured the act to be done,
in precisely the same way and to the same ex-
tent as though the person himself did the act, in-
stead of pioeuringitto be done by another. Now,
where the right of no third party intervenes, this
rule has no application whatever. Here was no
third party to be affected at all. Strictly speak-
ing, Ait is an abuse of language to call the dele-
gates of the conventions the agents of the people.
The idea of agency involves the doing of acts for
a principal, affecting some third person. The re-
lation of delegates to the people would be more
accurately expressed by that of servant than agent.
I think I have shown that in no proper sense
have the people of that Territory been permitted
to frame their fundamental law. This is asserted
by the President to be their right; and his friends
and supporters on this floor ought to be estopped
from disputing it.
But it has been gravely argued by an honorable
gentleman, [Mr. Garrett,] I believe from Vir-
ginia, that the constitution need not have the ex-
press consent of the people, since our Government
was not a pure democracy, but a representative
Government^1 This is that kind of logic which
proves that a part is not only equal to the whole,
but is the whole; which designates the entire sys-
tem of our Government from a single feature of
it. It is true, this Government is sometimes said
to be a representativeGovernment, and sometimes
a popular Government, or a Government of the
people; and this language is all sufficiently intel-
ligible when properly used. Butdid it never occur
to the honorable gentleman, what constitutes this
Government a representative Government—a pop-
ular Government? Is it not your Constitution-—
your organic lav/—framed by the people?
Sir, the hour is past to which, by the rules-of
debate, we are restricted, before I have had time
to touch those topics upon which I most desired
to speak.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. H. BENNETT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1858.
The House being in the Committee ofthe Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BENNETT said:
Mr. Chairman: Aselectcommittee wasordered
by the House, authorized to send for persons and
papers, and instructed to inquire whether theLe-
compton constitution was acceptable and satis-
factory to a majority of the legal voters of Kan-
sas; and to inquire into all the facts connected
with the formation of said constitution, and the
laws under which the same was originated; and
into all such facts and proceedings as have trans-
pired since the formation thereof, having relation to
the question or propriety of the admission of said
Territory into the Union under said constitution.
The contradictory statements of the different
parties, theallegations contained in the President's
Kansas message, and the charges of fraud in rela-
tion to the Lccompton constitution, all requiied
this investigation to be made, that the whole truth
should be known before Congress acted upon the
admission of Kansas. For this purpose a select
committee was ordered by the House. No bill was
referred to it, nor was it authorized to report any
measure for the action of the House. It had no
legislative duty to perform. Its whole duty was
to send for persons and papers, and take evidence
of the facts upon the subjects of inquiry referred
to it, and to report the facts and the evidence to
the House for its consideration. It was strictly
a committee of investigation.
The Speaker, by appointing a majority of this
committee opposed to the investigation and to the
resolution of the House by which it was ordered—
a thing unprecedented 111 appointing a committee
of this kind, and in violation of all sound parlia-
mentary precedent and authority—placed an in-
surmountable obstacle in the way of proceeding
with the investigation without some further order
or action by the House. No witness has been
called or examined, and no evidence desired by
those in favor of the investigation has been al-
lowed to be taken. The proceeding has unfortu-
nately been conducted as a party question, and
the majority of the committee have persistently
overruled the minority in all their attempts to
comply with the order of the House, and proceed
with the investigation. The majority have per-
mitted copies of a few papers to be procured,such
as go to sustain their line of argument in favor of
the Lecompton constitution, which were open and
public, and within the reach of every member of
Congress without the aid of a committee. But they
have refused to take any evidence which would go
to controvert their positions or allegations.
In effect, the majority of this committee, by a
strict party vote, have refused to proceed and take
evidence and examine witnesses, and have, by
their action, overruled and disobeyed the order of
the House, upon the ground that in the view they
entertain the whole inquiry is immaterial; holding
this constitution as a legal record complete and per-
fect, that no evidence could contradict or impca -h,
and no fraud could vitiate or destroy. This posi-
tion is as unsound as the course of the majority is
indefensible.
The action of a court required to investigate the
facts in relation to a disputed deed, that should al-
low its production, but refuse all evidence to show
it a forgery, or that it was obtained by fraud, r.o
one would justify or defend. Yet, that does not
state the case so strongly as it may be stated
against the action of the majority of this commit-
tee; as in that case the court would not only take
the evidence, but decide upon it. The pnsiri.m
of this committee was more like that of an ex-
aminer directed to take the evidence in a cause,
having no power to decide upon it, but to return
it for the consideration of the court, who should
set up his opinion that the court ought to act in
the case without proof, and should therefore re-
fuse to take the evidence and return only his views
and opinions to the court instead of the evidence
directed to be taken.
