1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
who are aiming at the disintegration of the Dem-
ocratic party, and in that, event, the consumma-
tion of all their hopes and purposes. For years,
while we have stood together, we have been able
to foil them in all their attempts when they have
struck at the sacredness of the Constitution, the
inviolability of civil and religious liberty, and the
freedom of conscience. And now is it not worse
than madness to lend yourselves willing instru-
ments to bad men in pursuit of national ruin ?
Better that you should forego sorfte preferences,
make some sacrifices to preserve our Democratic
organization, than put io hazard the hopes of a
nation, which are indissolubly bound up with it.
" Humanity, with all its fears,
With all its hopes of future years,
Is hanging bieathless on its fate."
Mr. Chairman, I shall make 110 issues for the
people of my State or district, touching this sub-
ject. I shall undertake to pledge them to no course
of conduct, Mississippi, in 1851, through a con-
vention of delegates elected by the people, after
declaring that, although not satisfied with a series
of acts called the compromise, yet she would ac-
quiesce in them, resolved that a violation of the
rights of the people of the State might occur,
" which would amount to intolerable oppression,
and would justify a resort to measures of resist-
ance," among which was designated the follow-
ing:
" The refusal by Congress to admit a new State into the
Union on the ground ofher tolerating slavery in her limits."
The convention which passed this resolution
was not composed of Fire-Eaters, as the States-
rights men of Mississippi are called; butofUnion
men, who look upon themselves as the peculiar
friends and guardians of the Government. These
positions were taken by the people in no spirit of
vain glory, I apprehend, nor with a view to in-
timidate any party or section of the country; but
with solemn deliberation, and from a sense of
duty. Georgia, and other southern States, stand
upon the same platform; and unless I have mis-
apprehended the views and feelings of the people
ot' these States; unless 1 have miscalculated as to
their spirit and determination, in the execution of
their pledges and resolves, there is strong reason
to believe that, if Kansas is refused admission as
a State, under the constitution now presented,
measures will be taken to dissolve their connection
with this Union. No power on earth can make
the people of the South believe that Kansas is to
be kept out for any other sufficient reason than
that her constitution allows slavery in her limits.
Cover up your designs as you may; make a feint
in this direction or that; fly what colors you
please at your mast-head; the South is not to be
wheedled, cajoled, or deceived any longer by
your movements. Self-proud and self-confident,
she is watching your maneuvers; hoping for the
best, yet prepared for the worst. Now that her
numerical strength has departed, and the strength
of principle only remains to protect her from Fed-
eral aggression, whenever this barrier is broken
down, and she is left to trust to her own resources,
I give the pledge here to-day, that her rights and
her honor will be fully vindicated. Tell me not
that strength lies alone in numbers. A sense of
right, united with the indomitable will, makes he-
roes of men.
Of our enemies I would ask, do you expect to
abolish the distinctions of color, of intellect, taste,
and physical organization, which nature has writ-
ten so legibly upon the white man and the black ?
Do you expect to break down the barriers which
she has erected to the amalgamation of the races ?
Have you not seen the fruitless attempts which
have been made to accomplish this end?, llave
you not been often pointed to the experiment of
this leveling process in the island of Jamaica;
and have you not seen its disastious results?
.Look at the Columbian Republics ofSouth Amer-
ica, and see there the effort made to abolish all
the distinctions between the negro, the Indian,
and the white man. Under the lead of Bolivar,
the most distinguished man of his day and nation,
ail men were put upon a common platform of
equality. Let history tell the story ot' this Uto-
pian scheme. We find that instead of elevating
the negro to the level of the white man, instead of
inspiring him with the feelings and attributes of
our own color, the white man was degraded to
the level of the negro. Society deteriorated: their
social institutions were corrupted; '.heir leligiou
became idolatry; and to-day darkness and super-
stition hang like the pall of death over that other-
wise beautiful land.
In the war of 1812-13, between the United
States and Great Britain, many of our runaway
slaves were received on board of English vessels,
conveyed away and colonized upon the African
coast at Sierra Leone. From that day to the
present England has nurtured and nourished that
colony, with the hope of proving to the world
that her policy in regard to Jamaica was correct,
and that her theory in regard to the equality of
the races was founded in truth and in nature. But
all the reports from that colony go to establish
exactly an opposite conclusion; and it has been
ascertained in the last few years that these colo-
nists have actually been guilty of selling their
children to slave vessels coasting in that quarter.
Hence you find such a revolution in public senti-
ment of both France and England, and a disposi-
tion manifested to open the slave trade, under the
specious pre text,of an apprentice system. Has
history no warning voice for you ? Are its teach-
ings to remain forever " a sealed book," so far
as you are concerned ? Like the bewildered trav-
eler, who fixes his eye upon the " ignis fatuus,"
and follows its load along the thorny path,
through dark caverns, or over the precipice, have
you set your heart upon, and are you determined
to follow, this phantom of abolition, though it
cause you to trample under footthc very laws of
nature, the experience of all past ages, the frag-
ments of a broken Constitution, and ultimately
precipitate you into the very gulf of national
ruin ? When you have succeeded to your heart's
content in all your purposes, what will you do
with the three million negroes you have liberated?
Will you receive them into the free States, and
endow them with all the privileges of citizenship ?
Will you give them a place amongst you, " a
local habitation and a name?" You know you
will not, for even now several of your States have
passed laws preventing their ingress into their
borders. Even the Canadas contemplate a scheme
of separate colonization for them, satisfied that
they are not fit elements of freedom for any well
organized society. Do you expect them, if set
at liberty, to remain amongst us, or we amongst
them, upon terms of equality? If so, you have
misconceived southern character. Even if wo
were inclined to this state of things, and were
willing to coexist in the same Territory with them,
the thing would be impossible. The industry of
the white man would be taxed to uphold the in-
dolence of the negro, property would have no
protection, life itself no safeguards in the midst
of such a population suddenly discharged from
bondage. A war of extermination of one or other
of the races would follow.
Then let me ask the question, and receive a
candid answer—have not the United States of
ISTorth America thus far pursued the most sensi-
ble and rational course in the management, and
disposal of the mixed elements sf which our pop-
ulation consists' The Indian is kept in his na-
tive forest to pursue the bent of his own untamed '
nature, with agencies to protect his interest and
supply his wants, and such means and appliances
for his education and elevation as we can afford.
The negro is employed, as his physical natuie
would seem to indicate was proper, in the culti-
vation of the soil, in performing menial services
that in communities differently organized fall
upon the poorer class of white men, and consti-
tute them a different caste, without any differ-
ence in color, physiology, or intellectual capacity.
Every man knows that, in the free*States, the
waiter who blacks the boots and brushes the coat
is not considered the equal of him who wears
them, any more than the slave upon the southern
plantation is considered the equal of his master.
There is this distinction, too, 111 these types of
society. The negro is contented with his servi-
tude, or at least does not chafe under it, and most
frequently considers his master as his best friend;
while the white servant performs his duties grudg-
ingly, and feels that there is a sort of antagonism
between him and his employer, between labor
and capital While we leave the Indian in his for-
est, and the negro upon the plantation, the white
man with 11s is engaged in the higher pursuits of
the mechanic arts, trade, commerce, science, lite-
rature, and the peifcction of human government;
stuih ins the interest of eicry element of society,
and giving harmony to the whole; seeking not to
abolish the distinctions which the Supreme Being
has ordained amongst men; but leaving the great
insuperable barriers of color, capacity, physical
structure, appetites, and passions, to be directed
into the proper channel, and made subservient to
the common good.
But, in conclusion, we are told, come what may,
Kansas or no Kansas, Abolition or whatnot, that
this Confederation of States must £md shall con-
tinue; that the North will see to it that southern
States are kept in the Union at all hazards; that
the military arm of the Government will be in-
voked and wielded to secure such a'result. All I
have to say, in reply to this declaration, is, there
are stout hearts and strong arms.in the South.
March down your abolition cohorts into slave
territory to enforce your abolition decrees. We
are an enthusiastic people, and will give them a
warm reception. And it shall be my highest am-
bition to hunt out that member of this body who
dares to place himself at the head of such an ex-
pedition, that I may, hand to hand, give him a
hospitable entertainment. If you are determined
to baptize your nefarious purposes in blood—if
justice, the Constitution, the Union—if the mem-
ories of'a common struggle by a common ances-
try, to secure to us the high privileges which we
now enjoy—if the hopes and happiness of future
generations, here and elsewhere—are not, suffi-
cient to stay this march, then, sir, a million of
swords will "leap from their scabbards'' to avenge
our wrongs. Your abolition army will be met,
not only by three hundred and fifty thousand
slave owners, but by every proud and noble-
hearted non-slaveholder whom you would dare
undertake to reduce to the humiliating condition
of negro equality.
I have been born and reared in the South. I
have associated much and intimately with men in
the humbler walks of life who are no slave owners;
and when Abolitionists count upon their support
in the event of a sectional collision growing out
of the question of slavery; when they base their
calculations upon receiving aid and comfort from
them, or that their swords will be turned upon
their brethren of the South, they display a stolid
ignorance, only equaled by their frenzied infatu-
ation. With us there is no distinction, socially
and politically, between the rich and poor. Labor
is not arrayed against capital, but the road to for-
tune and preferment is a highway open alike to
every aspirant. So indissolubly are we united
in feeling and in interest, that if you but touch a
choid connected with either, it vibrates through
our whole social system, and puts in more rapid
motion the blood of every heart. Should a sec-
tional war be thrust upon us against our wishes,
against our solemn protest, against nature, and
against God, you will find men arming for tiie
conflict, not only from the sections where slavery
is found, but, like Roderick Dhu's men, they will
spring up from every brake and bush on the
mountain top or in the valley's depth. P.utone
feeling will animate every heart; but one cause
will nerve every arm; but one common -shout will
go up for victory, or one common heap of the
slain tell the sad story of defeat.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Chairman, I have long
been of the opinion that speech-making was one
of the evils in this body. I believe that moie at-
tention to the details of business, and less to
speech-making, would greatly subserve the public
interests. Acting on this principle, I served
through the three sessions of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress without occupying any portion of the
time of the House except for explanation, and
then never for personal explanation. Iflconsulted
my own feelings 1 should still pursue that policy;
but, Mr. Chairman, t need scarcely say that a
question is pending before this House which de-
mandsthemosU'arefulconsideiation and the must
prudent action at our hands.
The fact that certain documents purporting to
be a constitution for Kansas, and asking admis-
sion for her into this Union, have been recently
presented to Congress, has disclosed a division oi
the Democratic puity on this floor, and elsewheie,
I which was not anticipated; and 1 cannot but con-
i elude that there must he some imperative reason
[ controlling tins division, and throwing the sup •
1 porters of the present Administration into a mi-
ij nonty in this House.
" Under ordinal y ciicums'ances, it might have
