188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
in my belief, is the true ground on which the cit-
izens of this country, who represent these claims,
hove a right to demand from their own Govern-
ment that remuneration which they were author-
ized to claim from France, antecedent to her com-
promising the matter. Apart from that, comes
the question which was raised by President Pierce.
If it be true that these claims were adjusted and
paid under a subsequent convention made with
France, of course the claimants can have no re-
lief; but I think it will be found, on investigation,
that that idea is entirely illusory in fact.
Taking it in either view, there are various com-
mittees to which it might be contended the sub-
ject should be referred. Under these circum-
stances, it seems to me to be most appropriate
that a select committee should have charge of it.
There is a further ground stated by the honorable
Senator from Maine, that almost all the standing
committees to which it could be referred, have
appropriate business of their own, sufficient to
occupy their attention, and it is more proper '.hat
a subject of the magnitude in point of amount
which is involved in this bill should go to a select
committee. The Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives have twice passed bills for the payment
of this claim, as a legitimate charge on the Gov-
ernment, and each has been vetoed. My memory
does not recall the number of times the measure
has been passed by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives separately. Itis, however, quitesuffi-
cient, I think, to have settled the validity of the
claim against the Government of the UnitedStates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
first on the motion tc refer the bill to the standing
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now on the motion to refer the bill to a select com-
mittee of seven members.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Vice
President was authorized to appoint the com-
mittee; and Messrs. Crittenden, Collamer,
Toombs, IIamlin, Hcnter, Davis, and King,
were appointed.
LEGAL TENDER.
Mr. SL1DELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 44) to amend an act entitled " An act
amendatory of existing laws relative to the half
dollar, dime, and half dime,"approved February
21, 1853; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL, I will very briefly state that
the object of this bill is to extend the sum for
which the silver coins of the United States shall
bo a legal tender to twenty-five dollars. I have
had some correspondence with the treasurer of
the Mint on the subject, and he is satisfied that
the operation of such a bill will be very bene-
ficial in various ways. The objection may possi-
bly be made that, for a sum so large as twenty-
five dollars, it is imposing on the poorer classes
of the community a depreciated cunency; but I
shall be enabled to satisfy the Senate that the
actual cost of our silver coins now, at the present
pricc of silver, including the charges for manu-
facture, makes their intrinsic value, as a manu-
factured article, at least "equal to the current
value.
Another motive that I have, and one which,I
think, will meet the approbation of a large major-
ity of the members of the Senate, is a desire to
exclude, by the increased extension of this cur-
rency, the circulation of the smaller bank notes.
I think that, by proper concerted action 011 the
part of the Treasury and the different mints, a
very large amount of silver could beputinto cir-
culation without any cost to the Government. I
move that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Finance; and I hope that committee will give its
attention to the matter at an early day, and at any
rate make a report favorable or unfavorable to the
bill.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the motion of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] to refer to the Committee on Ter-
ritories so much of the President's message as
relates to the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. DAYIS. My colleague, [Mr. Brown,]
who commenced addressing the Senate yesterday,
has sent me a note since the meeting of the Sen-
ate to-day, informing me that he is too unwell to
proceed. In that connection he authorizes me to
yield the floor to any Senator who may desire to
occupy it; but, if 110 one desires to occupy it,
then, as a matter of courtesy to my colleague, in
order that bis remarks may be continued from the
point where they were arrested, I move to post-
pone the further consideration of the special order
until Monday next.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will say Mon-
day week. I do not see any practical good to re-
sult from this discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it go over to Monday.
It is a matter of courtesy to the Senator from
Mississippi that he should be allowed to finish his
remarks on a day which is agreeable to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
postpone the further consideration of the special
order until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 28)
for the relief of Alexander J. Atocha.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to hear the
report m this case read.
Mr. MASON. I find, from the printed form,
that one copy of the report is ascribed to me and
the other to the late Senator from Maryland, Gov-
ernor Pratt. The fact is that Governor Pratt made
the report, and I entirely concurred in it.
The Secretary read the report,from which itap-
peared that Mr. Atocha was a citizen of the United
States residing in Mexico,and, on the 26thof Feb-
ruary, 1845, he received from that Government an
order " to leave the city of Mexico within the pe-
riod of eight days for Vera Cruz, in order to depart
from the Republic."
It appears that he at the time protested, through
Mr. Shannon, the American Minister, against this
order, as a violation of the treaty of April 5,1831,
between the United States and Mexico, and noti-
fied the latter Government that he would hold it
responsible for the losses he might sustain by
reason thereof.
Forced by this order to retire from the Mexi-
can territory within the period of eight days, he
alleges that he sustained great pecuniary loss;
and that he filed his claim specifying such loss,
with the vouchors sustaining the same, before the
board of commissioners appointed pursuant to
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which he alleges
was unjustly rejected by that board, and he there-
fore petitions Congress for redress.
Believing that it would be dangerous to go
behind the decision of the commissioners, unless
itshoul 1 appear that they have erred in the law
applied to tiie case, the committee examined the
grounds assigned for an adverse decision, and be-
came satisfied that the commissioners erred in the
law upon which they predicated their decision.
The commissioners assume, in their opinion,
that the loss of the memorialist, by reason of his
expulsion ftom Mexico, is established by the evi-
dence filed by luni, and dccide against the validity
of lus claim exclusively upon the assumption
that the order of expulsion was legal and proper;
because, as they assume, of the complicity of the
memorialist with Santa Anna in his resistance to
the Government de facta in their efforts to depose
hnn as the President of the Republic.
The commissioners assume that the connection
of the memorialist with the political movements
of Santa Anna is established—first, by the fact
that he remained there with Santa Anna until he
was forced to abandon the Government and leave
the Mexican territory; und, secondly, because
Mr. Shannon, the American Minister, did not
reply to a communication of the Secretary for
Foreign Affairs of Mexico, in which that officer,
in acknowledging the receipt of the protest of the
memorialist against the order for his expulsion,
says that Mr. Atocha " was one of the principal
agents who wrought against the Government, as
is notorious, and as his Excellency Mr. Shannon
himself well knows."
The error of the first of these assumptions of
fact by the commissioners is now established by
the certificate of the officer having charge of the
archives of the Mexican Government, which as-
serts that Mr. Atocha does not appear to have
had any connection with the movements of Santa
Anna; and by the letter of Santa Anna himself,
who, on the part of Mexico, made the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, stating emphatically that
Mr. Atocha never had any political connection
with him, and that he remained with him by his
invitation, because "in those times of disorder
and insubordination, he could not separate him-
self from him without imminent risk."
The error of the second assumption of fact by
the commissioners is established by the letter of
our Minister, Mr. Shannon, in which he expresses
the conviction that the memorialist was not in any
manner connected with the political movements
of Santa Anna, and that he did not reply to the
communication of the Mexican Minister for For-
eign Affairs, (not because he knew the correctness
of his charge against Mr. Atocha,) but because
the memorialist had left the country before the
receipt of that communication.
But, for the purpose of the argument, assume,
say the Committee on Foreign Relations, contrary
to the fact, that the commissioners were right in
saying that Mr. Atocha was connected with the
political movements of Santa Anna, will it follow-
that the Government of Mexico was authorized
to issue the order of expulsion against Atocha?
The solution of this question will depend upon
the construction of the treaty of 1831 between the
United States and Mexico.
The twenty-sixth article of that treaty was in-
tended to provide for the protection of the citizens
of the two nations, in the event of war between
them, and the stipulation is, " that if war should
break out between the two contracting parties,
there should be allowed the term of six months
to the merchants residing on the coast, and one
year to those residing in the interior of the States
and Territories of each other, respectively, to ar-
range their business, dispose of their effects, or
transport them wheresoever they may please,
giving them a safe conduct to protect them to the
port they may designate. Those citizens who
may be established in the States and Territories
aforesaid, exercising any other occupation or
trade, shall be permitted to remain in the unin-
terrupted enjoyment of their liberty and property
so long as they conduct themselves peaceably and
do not commit any offense against the laws; and
their goods and effects, of whatever class and con-
dition they may be, shall not be subject to any
embargo or sequestration whatever, nor to any
charge or tax other than may be established upon
similar goods and effects belonging to the citizens
of the State in which they reside, respectively;
nor shall the debts between individuals, nor mon-
eys in the public funds, or in public or private
banks, nor shares in companies be confiscated,
embargoed, or detained."
During the late war with Mexico many citizens
of the United States, who were residing as mer-
chants in the territory of that Republic at the pe-
riod when war was declared to exist between the
two countries, were summarily expelled in disre-
gard of this stipulation of the treaty of 1831, and
most of the claims presented to and allowed by
I the board of commissioners appointed under the
I treaty of 1848 were' for damages consequent upon
such violation of the treaty of 1831.
The fourteenth article of the treaty of 1831 was
designed to secure to the citizens of the two Repub-
lics, respectively, protection to their persons and
property in time of peace; and, after stipulating
for such protection, the two Governments contract
and agree "that the citizens of either party shall
enjoy, in every respect, the same immunities and
privileges, either in prosecuting or defending their
rights of person or of property, as the citizens of
the country where the cause of action may be
tried."
At the date of the order of expulsion of Mr.
Atocha, Mexico and the United States were at
peace with each other, and it necessarily follows,
in the opinion of the committee, that for any of-
fense with which he may have been charged, Mr.
Atocha was entitled, under this article of the
treaty, to be tried, and to have afforded to him
all the means of a fair trial which are provided
for in that article.
It seems to the committee to be clear that the
Mexican Government, under this treaty stipula-
tion, possessed no other or greater power to punish
i a citizen of the United States domiciled within
