1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ffl
her territory, than she possessed to punish one of
her own citizens for a similar offense; and they
are advised that the Mexican Government did not
possess, under the constitution and laws of that
feepublic, the power to expel a Mexican citizen
without trial for any offense. Indeed, the Min-
ister for Foreign Affairs who issued the order of
expulsion against Mr. Atocha, in response to the
letter of the American Minister, which had in-
closed the protest of Mr. Atochaagainstthe legal-
ity of the order, and his notice of intention to claim
damages for the losses which it would occasion
him, says " that his Government is authorized,
by the laws and constitution of the Republic, to
expel from its limits non-naturalized foreigners
pernicious to the country."
For the reasons assigned, the committee are of
opinion that the expulsion of Mr. Atocha from
tne Mexican territory was a violation of the stip-
ulations of the fourteenth article of the treaty of
1831; and, consequently, that he should have been
awarded by the board of commissioners organ-
ized under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, such
damages as he could show were sustained by him
in consequence of that expulsion.
Of the $3,250,000 stipulated by the fifteenth
article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo to be
appropriated to the payment of claims of citizens
of the United States against Mexico, the sum of
about a quarter of a million of dollars still remains
in the Treasury, and consequently to that extent
the fund set apart for that purpose still exists to
indemnify Mr. Atocha, if he can establish his
claim by satisfactory proofs.
The committee have not deemed it their duty to
investigate the quantum of indemnity to which
Mr. Atocha may be entitled. As it is conccdcd
that he was and is a citizen of the United States,
they have confined themselves to the inquiry
whether his claim was intended to be provided
for by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; and the
affirmative of this question is, m their opinion,
clearly demonstrated by the papers and proofs in
the case.
Among the papers filed by Mr. Atocha are the
instructions of Santa Anna, then the President of
the Republic of Mexico, to the Minister of his
Government, charged with the negotiation of the
treaty, directing him to have the name of Mr.
Atocha inserted in the treaty as one whose claim
was to he paid under its provisions; and there are
repeated recognitions of its justice as against
Mexico, from the obligations of which thatGov-
ernment claims to be released, solely because of
the release by the United States, in that treaty, of
all claims of its citizens against Mexico. Mr.
Almonte, the accredited Minister of that Republic !
to this Government, was instructed to ace that this
claim, " the most just of any which had been pre-
sented, " should be paid from the fund which
Mexico had provided by the sale of a part of her
territory for the liquidation of claims of citizens
of the tJnited States against her.
After the board of commissioners had closed
their labors, many citizens of the United States,
whose claims had been rejected, petitioned Con-
gress to review the decision of that board; and the
Senate of the United States did appoint a special
committee, to sit during the recess of Congress,
with power to send for persons and papers, and
with instructions to examine each case and report
such as, in their judgment, were entitled to relief.
That committee, in discharge of the duty assigned
them, did investigate every claim which had been
presented to the Senate for relief, and in every case,
except this of Mr. Atocha, reported definitively.
In his case no report was made because of an
equal division of that committee upon his title
to relief, so that this is the only case which has
not received the supervision of the Senate. ;
Mr. SL1DELL. Mr. President, this bill was j
reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations, |
and I think it proper to make a few remarks on ^
the subject, inasmuch as T did not agree with the '
majority of the committee m that report; and I I
will state very briefly the reasons which governed j
me in not concurring. i
In the first place, I considered thfit the action |
of the board of commissioners was in the nature i
of a judgment, and that unless some new testi-
mony were offered which was nut presented to j
the commissioners, their decision, or rather their j
failure to report m favor of Mr. Atocha, should j
stand. '
The next objection that I had to the bill was to
the form in which it is reported, which, accord-
ing to my judgment, assumes the fact that Mr.
Atocha was illegally expelled from Mexico, and
that damages are clue to him. On both these
points I differ from the majority of the committee.
I regret that my position on the committee obliges
me to make this explanation, because there are
personal relations existing between me and the
petitioner, who has once been a constituent of
mine, that would rather incline me to look favor-
ably on his case.
Mr. Atocha was a citizen of the United States,
resident in New Orleans for many years, and
went to Mexico. He remained there for some
ten or twelve years. His family was there. He
of course did not lose his citizenship of the United
States, but he certainly becameademzen of Mex-
ico. He was very closely connected with the
Government, and an intimate of Santa Anna. He
was in Santa Anna's camp. "When the power of
Santa Anna-was overthrown, Mr. Atocha was
obliged to leave Mexico, his presence there being
considered dangerous by the existing authorities.
He claims not only ordinary damages for illegal
expulsion, but, I understand!, consequential dam-
ages for the loss of a lucrative business in which
he was engaged as a broker, or something to that
effect. It may be very possible, and I am inclined
to believe, that Mr. Atocha has suffered some
damage, for which, perhaps, it would have been
right for the commissioners to make him some
allowance. The amount of his claim I think
grossly exaggerated. If I mistake not—my col-
league can correct me if I err—it amounts to some
$200,000.
One argument made use of in the committee
was, that if the claim were allowed it would really
cost the Government nothing:*, that there was a
balance in the Treasury of $350,000, which, if it
did not belong to Mr. Atocha, and other citizens
of the United States protected by that article of
the treaty, should revert to Mexico. That is not
the view I take of the case. Under the treaty
with Mexico we agreed to pay a certain sum—I
forget how many millions of dollars; the amount
is immaterial for the purposes of my argument—
and §3,250,000 was to be reserved out of that fund
to pay to that extent such damages as citizens of
the United States might claim to have been in-
flicted on them by Mexico. It seems the whole
amount was not expended; but this was a portion
of the consideration: "We will take from you
$3,250,000 in full compensation for all damages
sustained by our citizens; and if the amount of
damages proved exceed that sum, we will either
assume the responsibility of paying it, or they
must lose it." This sum is now in the Treasury,
as emphatically a portion of the money of the
people of the United States as money collected
for duties. That argument, then, ought to have
no weight.
Mr. Atocha's relations with Santa Anna were
at leastsuspicious. He was in his camp, I think,
as established by the report of the committee,
which I have not read for some time; however,
that is not material. I shall make no objection
to the passage of this bill, though it cannot receive
my concurrence, provided an amendment which
I suggested to my colleague, who had the bill in
charge heretofore, and to which he assented, bo
now adopted. The amendment is to this effect,
to come in after the tenth line. I may as well read
the whole bill, to explain the nature of my amend-
ment:
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they a.ie hereby, directed'to examine into the claims ot
Alexander J. Atocna against the Government of Mexico,
for losses sustained by him by leason or his expulsion from
tiiat Republic m 18-1."); and that the lo.-s oi damage so ascci-
tained l>e p tid to the said Alexander J. Atocha out of any
m tite Tieasury not otherwise appropriated.
It appears to me very evident from the language
of this bill and the manner in which it is worded,
that, in the first place, it is assumed that he is
entitled to damages, no matter what the cause of
his expulsion was, whether it was justifiable
under the laws of nations, and under the partic-
ular circumstances of the country at the time, or
not; and next, it assumes that loss or damage re-
sulted from such expulsion, which should be paid
to Mr. Atocha. I move to amend the bill, at the
end of the tenth line, by inserting this proviso:
Provided, however, That said accounting officers shall
inquire into the causes of said expulsion, and shall mate
no award in favor of said Atocha if, in their opirfidnj said
expulsion was justifiable; nor shall any judgment be made
under the provisions of this act without the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
I am not willing to confide the, discretion of dis-
bursing $200,000 to subordinate accounting offi-
cers.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me this isevi-,
dently a case for the consideration of the Court
of Claims; and I move that the bill and papers be
referred to that court in order that it may be in-
vestigated on both sides. Let the petitioner appear
before the court and present whatever arguments
and evidence he can in favor of his claim, and let
the United States be defended by its own officer.
It seems to me from this statement to be a very
suspicious claim, to say the least of it; but I do
not care to prejudge its merits; I will not. All
that I ask is that it be referred to the court which
has been established for the consideration of such
claims.
Mr. SLTDELL. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Virginia first to have the vote taken on
the amendment which I have offered. I think it
strips the bill of its most objectionable features.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia withdraw his motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. I will withdraw it at the re-
quest of the Senator from Louisiana; but I will
renew it after his amendment shall have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. MASON. This claim was before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations during the last ses-
sion, and was very closely and diligently exam-
ined by that committee. A-rcport was made on
it by an honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,] who is no longer a member of this body,
but 1 participated with him in the examination
of the papers, and I believe I read them every
one.
This gentleman, Mr. Atocha, was a citizen of
the United States residing for the time in Mexico,
for some years before the late war with Mexico.
Before the war broke out, or rather before the war
was declared, he was expelled violently by the ex-
isting Government of Mexico, which at that time
was a Government dt facto rather than a Govern-
ment dejure. The order of expulsion was, that he
should leave the city of Mexico within eight days
He made every effort through our Minister, who
was then resident in Mexico, and through such
othersources as were open to him, to be permitted
to remain long enough to adjust his affairs, and to
enable him to bring off some portion of his prop-
erty; but the mandate of the Mexican Executive
was peremptory; he was not listened to, but was
forced to leave the country on that short notice.
He had been long resident in Mexico. He is, I
think, (indeed I am pretty sure, for 1 believe that
appears from the papers,) a naturalized citizen of
the United States, of Spanish birth. He spoke
the Spanish well, was conversant with all Mex-
ican affairs, and was employed by our Govern-
j ment in confidential relations during the war in
Mexico. He was sent by our Government to
Mexico as an agent in the course of the war, and
a very just and proper tribute was paid to him by
the then Secretary of State—now the President of
the United States—because of the faithful and im-
portant services which he rendered to his adopted
country, and without compensation.
That history, perhaps, led me to look more
closely into his case than I might have done into
the case of an ordinary claimant, and, as I have
said, really from a desire to see that justice was
done to one who was certainly a meritorious citi-
zen, I believe I read every paper in a very-volu-
minous mass that was before the committee. The
grounds on which the committee made their re-
port are very lucidly, although succinctly, stated
m the report made by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pratt,] in which I, to some extent,
participated, although itis truly his report. They
were, in substance, these: This gentleman was
residing in Mexico as a banker and broker, and
carrying on large money transactions in that
country. It seems that he had money transac-
tions with the existing Government, the Govern-
ment of Santa Anna, which was overthrown by
that power which expelled him; and btcause of
a supposed connection between Atocha and the
Government of Mexico in the hands of Santa
Anna, this violent order of expulsion was made.
He was remitted in due time to the board who
