2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
with gentlemen who were far my seniors, who
were then m the Senate,amongst whom was Gen-
eral Cass, the late Mr. Clayton, and some others,
it was agreed that a committee should be raised,
of which those very justly distinguished gentle-
men were members, for the purpose of reorgan-
ing the corps of the Senate, and to* place things
" upon a durable footing; and, amongst other pur-
poses, to get rid of this annual allowance, which
was at last but the subject of importunity between
the officers and members of the Senate.
The committee was raised—the one alluded to
by the Senator from Maryland. That commit-
tee reported. They increased the compensation
of all, or very nearly all, of the officers of the' Sen-
ate. They increased it not altogether by giving
additional salaries, but by making the compen-
sations of all of them permanent, so that their
compensation ran from year to year and from ses-
sion to session. We had a full and free exchange
of opinion with all the officers of the Senate at
that time, for the purpose of doing it in such a
manner as would be agreeable to them, while it
would answer the purposes of the Senate, and
facilitate the dispatch of public business. The
salaries were fixed of every one of them; and one
clcar purpose was to make the body permanent,
and put them at their ease, and to cut off these
contingent allowances. The House of Repre-
sentatives pursued a different course. We know
that, in the House of Representatives, always
when there is a political change of power, and
probably, according to my recollection at the re-
currence of each new Congress, there is a general
sweep of officers; and the inconvenience that re-
sults there, I know from conversation with those
gentlemen, is that they bring in inexperienced
men in positions for which they are totally un-
qualified and unfit. We have obviated all that.
We have a permanent body of officers here, hold-
ing their office by a tenure, the effect of which is
to moke it permanent. iNo officer of the Senate
can be removed except by a vote of the Senate,
or, if done by a superior in power, by those hav-
ing the appointing power, it must be for reasons
to be made known to the Presiding Officer, if the
Senate is in session at the time, or to be made
known to him at the first meeting of the Senate
afterwards, and to have his approbation.
The object was to make the corps permanent,
and it has had the effect to give them improved
salaries, to make their compensation satisfactory
and agreeable to them, aid to cut off these con-
tingent allowances at each session. The Iiouse
of Repiesentatives, as I have said, pursued a dif-
ferent course. Rut there are many Senators here
who say, with the honorable Senator fiom Mis-
souri, that wo have a duty to perform to the offi-
cers of the Senate, to place them upon the foot-
ing on which the House chooses to put its owt
officers' I utterly disclaim any such duty. 1
disclaim any such propriety. We have organ-
ized the officers of the Senate in one way, and the
Iiouse of Representatives have organized their
officers in another; and the consequences which
may ensue in the House ought not to ensue here,
if this movement be persevered m, I shall feel it
my duty in good faith, having had something to
do wiih making the present arrangements, to pro-
pose that the salaries of these officers be perma-
nently reduced to the old scale, in order that we
may put an «*nd to these contingent allowances.
1 can son no reason in the world why, because the
House has done this thing, there is any cause of
complaint on the part of any officer of the Senate;
but 1 do say, if persevered in, it will lead to that
very disorganization which it was the intention
of the committee, to whom I have alluded, to pre-
vent. I should deem ua pait of my duty to bung
the subject to the attention of the Senate, and to
look again into the scale of these salaiies, with a
view to reduction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay this subject
on the table.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion to permit me to make one reply to strict-
ures made by Senators,and which, I think, places
me in an improper light ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would state to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that my only object in making
the motion is to get rid of the'debate. Will the
Senator renew the motion ?
Mr. GREEN. I will. _ -
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREEN. My object is to notice very
briefly some remarks that have been made against
this proceeding. The Senator from Virginia says
that the resolution is insensible; and at the same
time he says it is an indirect method of accom-
plishing what ought to have been done by a di-
rect method. My understanding of all indirect
proceedings with a design, is that there is a little
more sense in them than if they were direct. The
resolution, therefore, cannot be insensible.
Mr. MASON. I meant only that the resolu-
tion would have no effect per se. It professes to
direct the payment of money when it is appro-
priated; but when the money is appropriated, the
appropriation will provide for that.
Mr. GREEN. I shall come to all that. I un-
derstand it. There is not a new point in it. The
Senator from Louisiana makes a point of order
without raising it. He seems, as well as the
Senator from Maine, to think that this is an at-
tempt to do what is contrary to law. It is the
first time i ever heard a lawyer and a Senator say
Congress could not do acts contrary to law; in
other words, change a law—changc it when and
where they please. You have a law, and I have
announced to the Senate that my object in pro-
posing this resolution is to place me, in accordance
with the rules of the Senate, in such a position
that I can legitimately move to change the law
protanto. Without this, I cannotdo it. But the
Senator says he would suggest to me that I move
a resolution instructing the committee. I choose
to respond to him, and say that I have considered
this subject, and 1 know my own method. If he
desires to take that method he may adopt it and
pursue it. I know I am acting in conformity with
law, usage, and the rules of proceeding of the
Senate. What does the 30th rule mean when it
says that no amendment shall be offered to a gen-
eral appropriation bill unless reported by a com-
mittee, or to fulfill an existing law, or to carry out
a resolution of the Senate ?
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator, not as to the question of order
now; but, if I read the rule rightly, his own ob-
ject will not be attained by the resolution. I think
this is the true construction of the rule: the rule
provides that on a general appropriation lull no
amendment shall he made, unless it is for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of an ex-
isting law, or some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate. Can there be a doubt, the
words being coupled together,4' actor resolution,"
that the word " resolution " means a joint resolu-
tion, not a separate order of the Senate? As I
view it, if this resolution passes, it being a sim-
ple older of the Senate, it will not come within
the meaning of the 30th rule, so as to justify an
amendment being offered to an appropriation bill.
Mr. GREEN. " Order or resolution of the Sen-
ate." Is there any such thing as a joint order?
Who, in parliamentary language, ever heard of a
joint order >
Mr. BAYARD. "Act or resolution," is the
language.
Mr, GREEN. " Act or resolution"—of what
body? Of the Senate. A joint resolution is a
resolution of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives. This is to enable the Senate to pay
according to its order, with the concurrence of the
House of Representatives, as a matter of course,
when it is put upon the appropriation bill; for
whenever it goes upon the bill it requires the con-
currence of the two Houses; but in order to come
within the rules of the Senate to propose it to the
appropriation bill, it must be to carry out some
resolve of the Senate, or be in fulfillment of some
law, or be reported by some committee. Put any
other construction upon it, and you make that
branch of the rule nugatory.
But the Senator fremi Louisiana seems to be
horrified with the idea of paying these employes
of the Senate extra compensation. I find a reso-
lution moved by him and passed since this law,
to which reference has been made. On the 17th
of February, 1857,1 find this entry in the Journal:
Mr. Benjoiix, fiom the select committee appointed to
inquire into the expediency of amending the 34th rule of
the* Senate rejecting the standing committees* of the Sen
aie, mul of regulating the appointment of cleiks to com-
mittee^ s-uumttted a report.13
Among the provisions of this report are these
items:
'• The clerks ofthe Committees on Finance, Printing, and
Claims, shall be permanent clerks, at a salary of $1,860 per
annum.
" The clerks employed by all the other committees shall
receive a compensation of six dollars per diem during the
time of their actual employment, and at the close of the sec-
ond session of each Congress, shall be entitled to an extra
compensation equal to the amount of their per diem for
sixty days."
This report not having been acted on, the Sen-
ate, on the 14th of March, 1857, adopted the fol-
lowing resolution:
" Resolved, That the clerks employed by the standing
committees of the Senate, except the clerks of the Com-
mittees on Finance, Punting, and'Claims. including those
committees which have been discontinued by the partial
adoption of the report of the special committee, submitted
on the 17th February, 1857, shall receive at the close of this
session an extra compensation equal to the amount of their
per diem for sixty days."
This was on motion of the Senator from Lou-
isiana. On the 16th of August, 1856, two years
after the passage of the law alluded to, a resolu-
tion was submitted and passed—twenty-one vot-
ing for it, and only eleven against it, in these
words:
" Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to each of the
employes of the Senate, and in thecongietsional library, for
the last session, the same compensation that is allowed to
the employes ofthe Iiouse o'tVRepresentatives, by a resolu-
tion ofthe Iiouse of the 15th of August, 1856, to be paid out
oi ttie contingent fund ofthe Senate, undei the direction of
the Committee to Audit and Control the same; ami that
there be paid out of the contingent fund to Robert Carter
and Henry Dodson, and to the fokh-ir. temporarily employed
in the seivice of the Senate, fifty dollars each."
I refer to these instances because they occurred
since the passage of the law to which reference
is made. That law may be wise in its provisions;
but the Senate has sanctioned a departure from its
provisions, and the excuse made by the Senator
from Virginia is not satisfactory. There are no
life tenures in the Senate. If there be any differ-
ence, it might perhaps be supposed the position
held by the employes is more precarious in the
Senate than in the House,liable to be turned out
in a moment; though by resolution they can al-
ways be turned out of the House of Representa-
tives in a moment. They are not elected in the
House for a definite period of time. Custom keeps
them in during a Congress; but they sometimes
turn them out before. Custom keeps them in
here while they behave well; but they are some-
times turned out even while they do behave them-
selves. Hence the tenure of office is no reason
why they should work at a smaller compensation.
How would the Senator like that argument to be
made against him ? He is put in here for six years,
and members of the House of Representatives for
two years; and liow would he like the argument
to be made that members of the House of Repre-
sentatives must get $3,000 a year, but the Senator
from Virginia, having a longer tenure, must only
get $2,000 a year? I expect he would demur to
it. There is no propriety in such reasoning as
that.
There is no difficulty in tins question. I have
adopted this method because I knew it would be
in conformity to rule to deceive no one, to mislead
no one, but so as to be in older when the proper
time comes to make the motion to amend the ap-
propriation bill; but when the bill is amended, it
is the joint action of Congress, and if cannot be
said to violate the law, for one law cannot violate
another. It repeals it so far as they come in con-
flict; and if they do not come in conflict there is
no violation, and hence there is no difficulty on
that subject. However, I believe the Senate un*
derstand this subject well enough, and I prefer to
have a direct vote, without any "further argument.
Mr. BAYARD. I think this rule important in
its construction, or it may be hereafter. The hon-
orable Senator from Missouri chose to read the
words of the rule, as if it read {< an order or res-
olution." Take the language of the rule, and even
if this resolution passes, it will not justify him in
moving the appropriation to the appropriation
bill. The language is, %i some act or resolution
previously passed by the Senate." It is very
evident there could be no separate act passed by
the Senate. "Act" and "resolution "are used con-
junctively here, and it must mean joint resolu-
tion. If it had not meant that, the language would
have been, "some resolution ofthe Senate." The
language is, " some act or resolution previously
passed by the Senate," which evidently precludes
the idea of a mere resolution by the body alone,
without reference to its legislative power in con-
currence with the House of Representatives.
