190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
sat here to decide upon claims that were embraced
within the treaty of peace, and his claim was re-
jected by that board. I agreed at once with the
honorable Senator who made the report, and with
the majority of the committee, that it would be a
very dangerous thing to go behind the action of
the board, and to determine that the commis-
sioners had been wrong, and that this claim ought
to be allowed; but the Senate will find m looking
at the report which is made m the case, that the
committee have not found it necessary to do so,
and, therefore, have notdone it. The report rests
entirely on the ground that the board of commis-
sioners erred, and it, struck me erred very greatly
in their construction of the law under which they
were acting. ■
We did not attempt in the report to decide on
the facts; but we found there a subject which had,
not entered at all (for we had the report of the
board of commissioners) into their deliberations;
that, by the existing treaty between the United
States and Mexico, when the war broke out be-
tween the two countries, a citizen of the United
States residing in Mexico, or a Mexican residing
in the United States, was entitled to a period of
six months to wind up his affairs under the direc-
tion of the Government, before he should be re-
quired to leave the country. That was not only
denied to Mr. Atocha, but with all his alFdirs
open, everything unsettled, and covering, as the
papers show, a vast number of important pecu-
mary transactions, not with the Government alone
but with the business interests of Mexico, he was
expelled in that summary and violent manner,
without a hearing, and without being allowed to
remain even long enough to sell the furniture in
his house.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. ' I understand this was before the declaration
or war. The provision of the treaty was, that in
case of war, six months should be allowed; but
it seems this was before the war.
Mr. MASON. 1 said it was before the war
was declared, but war existed. Blood had been
&hed and war existed before there was a formal
declaration of war by the United States. Itwas
a very peculiar declaration of war. 1 dare say
the Senator has some recollection of the peculiar
features attending that declaration.
Mr. COLLAMER. iiut was not this before
any difficulty about that wai with us?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; very fur from it. The
papers show that Santa Anna was m undisputed
possession of the Government and had been for
some years, lie had reined to his plantation for
a recess of a month or two, and dui ing his absence
there tame one of those pronunciamicntos m the
capital which declared him out of power, and Ins
successor in power—I have forgotten the name
of his successor. It was because of the hostile
relations that the Mexican people believed existed
between the United Slates and the Government
of Mexico that this American citizen, supposed
to be allied with Santa Anna, was expc lied. The
committee found that the Senate had already set
the precedent,as is recited in the report, in the case
of two or three citizens of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him. The report says this
man lied from there in 1'Vbruary, ]S45. We hud
no symptoms of war until 1846. 1 merely men-
tion tins to show that this claim could not have
come under the article of the treaty which has
been alluded to.
Mr. MASON. To what treaty does the Sen-
ator refer.
Mr. COLLAMER. The treaty between us and
Mexico; which piovjued that, in case of war with
this country, citizens should have six months to
leave.
Mr. MASON. When was that treaty made ?
Mr. COLLAMER. ! think 111 lH.'i 1. Tins man
was expelled before there was any state of war at
all with us.
Mr. MASON. That depends entirely on what
the Senator's idea of a state of war is. 1 said just
now, that when it assumed the form of a deciaui-
tion of war, it was rather a recognition of an ex-
isting war than a decollation of wai. It way a
recognition that war existed between the United
States and Mexico. :
Mr. COLLAMER. That was in 1346. ]
Mr. MASON. Very well. An examination of j
the papers shows, that as soon as that revolution' I
ary government got possession in Mexico, they
assumed, although war had not been declared
either to exist,or recognized as existing, that such
were the hostile relations between the two coun-
tries as to make it prudent and wise on their part
to expel this American citizen. It was a quasi
war, if you will, but the relations which they be-
lieved existed were of "k character which required
them, for their safety, to expel this American cit-
izen because he was-an American citizen.
I was going on to say that the Senate had set
the precedent in reference to the adjudications of
the board of commissioners, by a law raising a
committee, to whom were to be referred certain
claims, which had been rejected by that board,
and amongst them that of Mr. Atocha, and there
was no report made in his case, because the com-
mittee, one member being absent, was equally
divided. If we look at the equity and the merits
of the case, it does seem to me that it forms a very
strong ground of claim on the part of this gentle-
man, who rendered meritorious service to the
country, although under that disastrous fortune;
not against the United States, for that is not pre-
tended; but a claim against this fund, which is
not yet exhausted, out of which these claims were
to be paid.
The bill provides that it shall be paid, provided
there remains a balance unexpended of the money
reserved by the treaty for the purpose of paying
that character of claims; and that 1 would give as
an answer to the suggestion of my honorable col-
league, that it is not a casefor the Court of Claims
at all. It is not a claim against the United States.
The law raising the Court of Claims, as far as 1
can recollect, provides that there shall be referred
to it all claims against the United States. This
is a claim against the Government of Mexico, with
which the United States would have nothing to do,
except that, by the treaty with Mexico, a fund
was reserved by the United States for the purpose
of paying claims of her citizens against Mexico;
and that fund we have been informed—I do not
remember its amount—has not yet been exhausted.
Theie is a balance of it in the Treasury which
can be applied to the payment of this claim, if the
bill passes, a part of which has already been ap-
plied by law of the two Houses in payment of
those chums J have spoken of, that had been re-
feried to a select commit tee. They were paid out
of lhatfund,and the balance—1 do not know how
much it is, I dare say not enough to pay the whole
of this claim—remains theie unexpended.
Now, m reference to the character of thatfund,
I uudeistand the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana to say that whatever remains unexpended of
that tieaiy fund in the Treasury, is the property
of the United States. I should take issue with
him directly. The treaty with Mexico provided
that there should be paid to Mexico a certain
sum of money, I think, #15,01)0,000; of which
1^15,000,00!), $3,250,000 should be reserved by the
United States for the purpose of paying claims
by citizens of the United States against Mexico.
Tile tieaty provided for a sum, in gross, to be paid
to Mexico, on the termination of the war, for ccr-
tam equnulents in land, of which, by a^ieenient
between the two countries, $3,^50,000 weie set
apart lor the purpose of paying claims of American
citizens against the Government of Mexico. [
should say, therefore, that if it should turn out
that there does mmain a balance of that reserved
fund not required to pay these claims, it is the
undoubted pioperty of Mexico, and not the prop-
erty of tins country, and it ought to be paid* over
to iier. That is the condition of the fund as I
understand it, and as it was understood by the
Committee on foreign Relations.
1 will not go into the meuts of the case, becausc
perhaps it might not be expedient that we should
attempt to revise the judgment of the board of
commissioners on the facts; but the bill provides
that the accounting officers shall examine whether
anything is due, and, if so, pay what is due, pro-
vided it shall not excced the balance of the fund.
i\3r. ijEIN j Aivl 1N. I desire to say a single
word on this matter, as f have been appealed to
by my colleague. I had not, as my colleague
supposes, chaigu of this bill, but I took an"m-
tero&t in the memorialist, and m examining his
claim, because he was one of my constituents. I :
examined it m connection with our late colleague
from Maryland, who has recently left the Senate,
very carefully at home. But it appears to me
that those who desire to have this matter referred
to the Court of Claims are not aware of the pre-
cise .state of the facts. The report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations establishes that this
claimant made good this claim, by proof, before the
commission which was formed after the last treaty
of peace with Mexico, for the purpose of determin-
ing the justice of these claims. He established
his claim by proof. The commission declined to
allow the payment, upon the ground that he had
been properly expelled from Mexico, as having
interfered in the internal convulsions of that coun-
try in the strife for power of the different factions
which are constantly raging there. They as-
sumed this upon two grounds; first, because it
was proven, that between the date of the order
of expulsion and his actual departure from the
countiy, he resided with Santa Anna; and sec-
ondly, upon the ground thata communication was
made by the Mexican Minister of Foreign Rela-
tions, to our diplomatic agent there, asserting the*
fact that this claimant had been engaged in those
political intrigues, to which letter of the Mexican
Minister, it was said, our diplomatic agent had
made no answer.
When the case came tip for trial, and these
proofs were offered against the claimant, they took
him by surprise. They took him by surprise for
the reason that it was utterly impossible for him
to imagine that a correspondence of this kind had
taken place; and it was not until the case was
decided against him on this ground that he went
into an investigation of a correspondence which
itwas asserted had taken place, and compromised
his entire right. He went m search of the gen-
tleman who was our minister at the time of the
correspondence, Mr. Shannon, and inquired from
Mr. Shannon, " How came it, sir, that you, who,
as the representative of my country, defended my
interests, received such a letter as this from the
Mexican Minister of Foreign Relations, and left
ltunrephed to?" The answer was prompt and
decisive, " It occurred because the Mexican Min-
ister of Foieign Relations did not reply to my
remonstiance in your behalf until he had sent you
out of the country, and it was then useless to
continue a correspondence on the subject of the
order.'' Our mi nister protested against his silence
being construed into an acquiescence in the state-
ments made by the Mexican diplomatist, and no
inference, therefore, can fairly be drawn against
this claimant.
In relation to the single fact, that for eight or
ten days he lived in the house of Santa Anna, ho
produced the proofs that the country was then in
a convulsed state, that his personal safety was
endangered, and brought before the Committee
on Foreign Relations a letter from Santa Anna,
then the President of the Republic, asserting that
this claimant never had had any political relations
whatever with him, and that he had sought refuge
in his house against danger to his person.
Everything else but that particular point was
decided by the Mexican commission in favor of
the claimant. Theie remains nothing, therefore,
for consideration now except the amount of the
claim,and that amount, under the tenns of the bill,
is to be reexamined, although already once ex-
amined, and decided in favor of the claimant, by
the oificers of the Treasury Department, and no
amount is to be paid over except such as the aud-
itor shall find just; and, according to the amend-
ment of my colleague—to which lean offer no op-
position—until that decision, so to be mode by the
auditor, is affirmed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. There is nothing for the Court of Claims to
act upon. This matter has already been decided
conuadictorily by the Government; the solitary
point On which the claimant found his demand
rejected, being that he was engaged in those po-
litical intrigues—that point assumed against him
by surprise—that particular fact now thoroughly
disproven, nothing remaining but an examination
into the amount to winch lie is justly entitled.
1 trust, under the circumstances of the case, that
this claimant, who has been here ten or twelve
years seeking for justice, will not now be turned
over to the Court of Claims, where, establishing
his case, he will again be brought before Congress
for the put poise of having that measure of relief
passed in his favor which it is now entirely in our
power to grant I hope the Senate will pass this
bill, and trust so far to the officers of the Treasury
that they will make a scrupulous exammtions of
