1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Therefore, if it becomes a question, if this reso-
lution be passed, and a movement be made to
place it on the appropriation bill, the question of
order will be raised under the rule.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand it cor-
rectly, the resolution is entirely hypothetical, and
must be without any effect whatever. The res-
olution directs the Secretary to pay to the em-
ployes of the Senate such sum of money as may
hereafter be appropriated for the purpose. That
is the whole substance of it—if any sum shall
hereafter be appropriated for the purpose. Now,
what effect can this resolution have? It is hypo-
thetical. It does not affirm that any particular
sum shall be paid; but if an appropriation shall
be made by a subsequent law to pav them any-
thing, the Secretary shall execute the law and pay
it. Now, if a law passes appropriating a sum of
money for this purpose, will not the law express
the purposefor which it appropriates the money?
That is absolutely essential to the appropriation
of money. It is itself a direction of the applica-
tion to a particular subject.
Suppose, then, a law should pass appropriating
a particular sum of money exactly as the Senator
wishes, to be paid to u^jfllevks: what is the use,
then, of this resolution? It will have no effect
whatever. But the gentleman supposes it may
have the effect of authorizing him to move an
amendment to the appropriation bill. It can have
no such effect as that, because it does not direct
anything to be paid, in general or m particular
terms. You are authorized, upon a resolution of
the Senate, to move an amendment to an appro-
priation bill. That is where the Senate has passed
a positive resolution, incurring or involving the
expenditure of money. It is to carry out a res-
olution of the Senate that you have the privilege
of moving an amendment to an appropriation bill;
but does this resolution direct any expenditure?
None whatever. If Congress shall hereafter ap-
propriate money 
Mr. GREEN. It is not conditional. It says,
to be paid out of money that may be appropriated
for that purpose.
Mr CRITTENDEN. No, sir; the gentleman
will find that I am right in his resolution. If a
sum of money shall be appropriated, the Secre-
tary shall pay it according to law. The law itself
is a direction to him; not only an authority to him
to pay, but it is an obligation upon him to pay
it, and the resolution becomes Useless if the ap-
propriation be made, If the appropriation be not
made, then certainly the resolution does not au-
thorize any thing. Nor does the resolution author-
ize any amendment to be made to an appropria-
tion bill, because that authority only exists where
the resolution incurs an expense. This incurs
none. It is entirely hypothetical, that they shall
receive pay if Congress chooses to give it. Cer-
tainly, they will receive it, if Congress chooses to
give it to them without any resolution whatever,
but by force of law, and certainly the gentleman
will admit that this resolution appropriating noth-
ing, directing no expenditure, but only providing
for an expenditure if an appropriation shall here-
after be made for that expenditure, will authorize
under the rule no amendment to be proposed to
an appropriation bill.
It is in this view that I regard the subject; and
so regarding it, it seems to me it can have 110 ef-
fect, and that it will be an idle proceeding on our
part, without any consequence whatever, and that
therefore the motion has been very properly made
to lay it on the table; a motion which I renew.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays, and
they wcife ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 33, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Allen, Bayard. Bonjamm, Biisht, Ckuk,
Clav,Olinsman,U<>! lamer, Cut tendon, booiittio, Fes&enden,
Foot. Fo-ter, Hamlin, Hammond, Hayne. Henderson, Hun-
ter, Johiifoh <>i' A' ka.ii'Ni-?. Johnson of' Tennessee, King,
Mason, JVaioe. Pursh, Reid, Simmons, Sluiell. Thompson
of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wrijiut—3J."
NAY^—jMcssrri. Bell, Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler,
Dixon. Pousd 1*, Fitch, Green, Harlan, Xverson. Jones,
Kennedy. Polk, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, and Thomson
of New'Jeisey—17.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 239) for the relief of
Sherlock & Shirley.
Mr. WADE. X understood that the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] who objected to this
bill before, has an amendment to offer, to which
I-see no objection. 1 desire to call his attention
to the matter, so that he may offer his amend-
ment. There is also an amendment, proposed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
that I suppose will be satisfactory. When these
amendments are made, all the objections which
have been suggested to the bill heretofore will
have been disposed of, and I hope it will be
Mr. YULEE. If the amendment which has
already been adopted does not, in the view of the
Senate, cover the principle for which gentlemen
are contending entirely and exactly, 1 have an-
other prepared which can be substituted for it.
Perhaps it would be as well to read the amend-
ment which was made the other day, and the one
that I propose to substitute for it.
The amendment made when the bill was under
consideration yesterday was read, as fcfllows:
Prorichd, That the tecxamiiiaimn herein above author-
ized shall bo confined to the of tine> which have not
been heretofore reexamined and finally decided by a former
PoaUnastei General upon the application of the contractors
for remission.
The amendment suggested by Mr. Yulee was
read, as follows:
Provide?, That no ca-e of any fine 01 deduction hcie-
toknc considered and decided by any former Postmas-tcr
Guneial upon the application of the contractor bhali be re-
viewed under the provisions of this act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to take this new amendment. I think it is
better than the fiist.
Mr. YULEE. Both ate directed to the same
point, but I think the lost is a more distinct amend-
ment.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the amendment last read will be substi-
tuted for that which was before agreed to. The
Chair hears no objection. By unanimous consent
the substitution will be made.
Mr. POLK. I desire to offer a further amend-
ment, providing that in taking the proof which
may be offered as the basis of the reconsideration,
the Postmaster General shall have an opportunity
to cross-examine thp witnesses. I understand that
to be acceptable.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. My amendment is, to add to the
bill as it now stands:
And the Po.-tma*ter General shall be authorized to cause
the persons to be eio<& examined,who-e le-tunony maybe
offeted foi the purpose of such examination by Inin afore-
said.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate,as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were agreed to. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was rea^the
third time, and passed.
LAND WARRANTS
Mr. STUART. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take np and pass at this time a House
btil to which, I believe, there is no objection. It
is the bill (H, II. No. 300) declaring the title to
land warrants m certain cases. Its purpose is
simply to vest a land warrant that issues after the
death of the applicant.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate have passed the
same bill, in substance
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. The same bill, in
substance, has been already passed by the Senate
at this session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that when proof has been
or shall be filed m the Pension Office, during the
lifetime of a claimant, establishing, to the satis-
faction of that office, a right to a warrant for mil-
itary services, and such warrants have not been or
may not hereafter be issued until after the death
of the claimant, and all such warrants as have
been heretofore issued subsequent to the death of
the claimant, the title to such warrants shall vest
in the widow, if there be one, and if there be no
widow, then m the heirs of the warrantee; and
all such warrants, and all other warrants issued
pursuant to existing laws, are to be treated as per-
sonal chattels, and may be conveyed by assign-
ment of such widow or heirs, or by the legal rep-
resentatives of the deceased warrantee, for the use
1 bill was order
ng, was re&jft.
r . V
of such heirs only. By the second section it is
to be enacted that the provisions of the first sec-
tion of the act approved March'29,1852, to make
land warrants assignable, and for other purposes,
shall be so extended as to embrace land warrants
issued under the act of March 3, 3855.
Mr. CRITTEN DEN. I should like toliave some
explanation of the propriety of authorizing per-
sonal representatives to dispose ofland warrants is-
sued to widows or to minor heirs. 1 believe it has
been a little the ambition of personal representa-
tives, in all instances, to draw, as far as possible,
all the property of the deceased, real and personal,
within their management and administration. I
do not think it is entirely wise or proper. A
court of chancery may authorize minor heirs to
dispose of their property when it is mosffor their
benefit to do so; and I think it is safer to leave
that properly in the hands of a chancellor, than
to authorize universally the administrators of the
personal estate to take hold of land warrants
granted to widows and heirs. Land warrants are
real estate, even before they are located. Is it
the policy of Congress arbitrarily to convert them
into personal estate, merely to render the dispo-
sition of them more facile and easy for personal
representatives? I only desire to bring the ques-
tion to the attention of the Senate. I shall not
vote for the bill if this provision be retained.
Mr. STUART. Idid not very distinctly hear
the honorable Senator fiom Kentucky, but I will
s:iy to him that the great effect of this bill is to
give vitality to land warrants issued after the death
of the applicant. That is the principle of the bill.
The other provisions are in regard to the manner
of making the assignments, the whole being sub-
ject to such dneciions as may be given by the
Commissioner of Pensions. I do not myself dis-
cover any objections to .the bill in that respect.
There may be some such difficulty as the Senator
supposes, but, from the examination i have given
the bill, 1 did not see any practical objection to it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. For the purpose of pre-
senting the question, X move to strike out so much
of the bill as converts land warrants into personal
estate, and authorizes administrators to sell them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask
the Senator to reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 11 is only to strike out;
but I did not exactly hear the bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the Special order.
Mr. STUART. I wfU ask the Senate to con-
sider this bill. I will agree to the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. PUGH. I have other objections to the
bill. I object to its being considered. I think
it is a bad bill, and ought not to pass in any
shape.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry the Senator
did not make his objections in committee. The
Committee on Public-Lands unanimously leported
the bill.
Mr. PUGH. T was not present. I cannot at-
tend every meeting.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as we have it un-
der consideration, I hope the Senate will dispose
of the bill. It will not take ten minutes. I move
to postpone the special orders to afford an oppor-
tunity to continue the consideration of this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Kentucky
proposes to strike out all that which declaies the
warrant to be personal property, and declares the
mode of assignment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky is to strike out,
from line eleven to line sixteen, the following
words:
And all such warrants and all oilier warrants usucd pur-
suant toexistms law*shall lie treated as peisonai chattels,
ami may tie convcyed by assignment or such widow or hens,
oi bv the legal repiesentaliws of the deceased wairant(;e,
for tile use or'sueh heirs only."
Mr. STUART. The effect of that will be to
leave them assignable under existing laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Michigan what he means by one provision
in this bill.°Does lie mean where the soldier ap-
plies, and dies pending his application, that then
the land warrant shall go to the heirs instead of
the widow?
Mr. STUART. I will state the effect of the
