1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
1277
Amidst all the confusion and violence, the frauds
and trickery, the cunning and treachery, the spirit
of the highest seemed to brood over the surface
of that vast sea of chaos, and everywhere the ce-
lestial form of truth was seen rising up from the
depths beneath—more and more disclosing her
symmetrical proportions, and assisting her unity,
dignity, divinity, and power. All effects to crush
her but hastened the development, until she stood
forth telling the one complete, harmonious story
of a people's wrongs. Sir, from my inmost soul
I believe the hand of a just God is in this busi-
ness. He who planted this glorious Republic,
and has hitherto led us, will fight the battles of
the oppressed people of Kansas, and, in spite of
their sneers and their rage, Ho " will cause the
wrath" of these usurpers "to praise Him, and
the remainder of wrath He will restrain."
My conclusion, then, is, Kansas is not here
asking admission at our hands; nor does this Le-
compton swindle reflect her will; and Congress
has neither the power nor the right to admit her.
It is to herthe emblem of usurpation, oppression,
violence, and suffering. It is, for the best of all
reasons, more odious to her than the "stamp act"
was to our fathers.
Notwithstanding all the guarantees of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, giving them the right to self-
government, as was claimed by the Democratic
party, they have, in the short period of their his-
tory, suffered at the hands of Democratic Admin-
istrations more oppression and tyranny,.violence
and usurpation, than all that the people of the
whole thirteen Colonies suffered at the hands of
Great Britain during the whole period of their
colonial existence. I will take any man, at any
time, in any place, argument for argument, fact
for fact, and prove the truth of this statement.
And such is the uniformity of the distinctive
marks of tyranny in different ages, that nearly all
of the grievances so masterly enumerated in the
Declaration of Independence, apply as cases in
point to the sufferings of the people of Kansas.
And, sir, let me tell gentlemen they never can be
conquered. There is no power on earth that qan
subdue them. They may be exterminated; but
subdued, never! Gentlemen must consider this
question is not whether negroes shall be slaves,
but whether white men, Anglo-Saxons, can be
free. The history of the race furnishes the an-
swer. Besides, fraud, oppressions, and violence,
cannot be made the substrata of the institutions
of an enduring State. When will men learn this
plain truth, that fraud, injustice, and oppression,
cannot obtain lasting power over a free people, or
enduring peace in a republican State?
But we are told that southern rights are in-
volved, and the rejection of the Lecompton con-
trivance would be a humiliation to the ISouth.
Sir, I wish to say, once for all, no vote or act
of mine shall ever inflict a known wrong upon the
South, or any other section of the Union, or tend
to their humiliation. So far from feeling hostility,
I consider their success our success; their glory
our glory; their humiliation our humiliation—one
and all the children of a common heritage.
But I deny that the South, as such, has any
rights in the premises. Neither has the North.
The citizens of all sections have the right u>
emigrate to Kansas; and when they become set-
tlers, are entitled to the rights secured under the
constitution and the organic act. But there are
no longer southern rights, or northern rights', but
Kansas rights. The people, North and South, who
do not choose to go, have the right to insist that
the Government of Kansas, shall be republican
in form. Is not this the whole of it? Sir, we are
to look to the rights of Kansas. Every speech
echoes the cry, "southern rights," "northern
rights," and yet none of them tell us what rights
either the North or South have. It is easy to cry
out "aggression," "encroachment," but the
charge is not yet proved, scarcely attempted. If
any section has the right to set up this cry, it is
the " West," and not the South or the Noith.
Dismiss, then, this false issue, and meet the ques-
tion upon its merits. Is Kansas here asking ad-
mission ? Does the Lecompton contrivance ex-
press the will of her people? The solution of the
real question involves no humiliation to the North
or the South. A false issue is stated—the humil-
iation of the South is claimed to be involved, and
a dissolution of the Union is threatened. As the
old women and young chiluien of the " North"
: have ceased to be frightened at this cry, I need
not dwell upon it.
Equally foreign to the real issue is the discus-
sion of slavery in the abstract. For hours to-
gether we have listened to labored arguments by
southern members to prove that slavery is recog- J
nized by the Bible. Have these arguments con- i
vinced any one in or out of this House ? Suppose I
the proposition be true or false: does the one or
the other prove that the Lecompton constitution
is the act and deed of Kansas, or that it reflects
the will o£ her people ? Certainly not. Sir, I do
not believe this is the proper place to discuss or
determine the Bible argument of slavery. But,
since it has been constantly thrust upon us, I
cannot forbear to introduce here the few brief
words of another, which, I believe, express the
sentiments of twenty-nine thirtieths of the peo-
ple of my district upon the discussion of the sub-
ject everywhere:
" The spirit of slavery never seeks refuge in the Bible of
its own accord. The horns of the altai aie its last lesort—•
seized only m desperation as it rushes fiom the tenor of the
avenger's arm. Like other unclean spy its, it4 hateth the
light, neither cometh to the light, lest its deeds should be
reproved.' Goaded to frenzy in its conflicts with conscience
and common sense, denied all quarter, and hunted from
every covert, it vaults over the sacred inclo*>ure,and courses
up and down the Bible, seeking rest and finding none. The
law of love, glowing on every page, flashes around it an
omrupie>eiit anguish and despair. Tt shrinks from the
hated hsht, and "howls under the consuming touch, as de-
mons quailed befoie the £on of God, and shucked,' Tor-
ment us not!' At last, it Minks away under the types of ihe
Mo-aic system, and &eekj fo burrow out of Mght ammij*
their shadows. Vain hope I Itsa<-vhimisits«epuicber; its
city of lefuge, the cuv of destruction. It flies fiom light
into the Min, fioin heat into devouring the, and from the
voice of God into the thickest of his tlumdeis."
Alike inappropriate is the discussion, of which
we have heard so much, about the balance of power
between the North and the South. Sir, this fan-
ciful equilibrium between the North and the South
has proved the Pandora's box from which have
sprung sectional strifes and legislative anomalies.
The idea is as chimerical as it is mischievous. The
Constitution establishes the elements of power
under our system. It does not create, but only
recognizes them. In their nature they were in-
herent and inalienable existing long before the
Constitution. Population is the chief element of
power. The number of those to be governed,
whose consent is requisite to its proper exercise,
is the measure of the power. By what process,
then, under this system will you make six million
of people equal in political power to thirteen mil-
lion? Nay, if the institution, peculiar to the South
and so much cherished by her, lias in sixty-nine
years, under the legitimate working of the Con-
stitution, produced this disparity in numbers,
what shall hinder it becoming still greatei in the
future, since the stream of European emigration is
all the time increasing in its volume and force as
the beneficent character of our institutions are
i becoming more known, and the great enterprises
j and improvements of the day furnish increasing
; employment, and a heartier welcome is extended
I to those who are escaping from the oppression
i of the Old World? if the South would retain
i power must she not have population? And can
| the streams of free emigration be turned into the
i slave States? Will the mass of free and slave
1 laborers mingle ill the same State or community?
! Are not the two systems of slave and free iabor
' antagonistic and hostile toeachother? And does
j not the establishment of the one in a State as ef-
: factually exclude the other as would a " wall of
'fire'" Call it prejudice if you will. Call it what
( you please,it exisis as a fact, and must inevitably
I work out its results, But for slavery the South
j would have had more population to-day than the
] North, as she has more and ucher soil and a
| milder clunate. It is not lor us to complain of
i her or her institutions. Her course rests in her
I own sovcieign pleasure. It is not for us to dic-
tate or complain of her action. Let her do what
seemeth her good without any interference from
without. But if, ill the exercise of her own sov-
ereign will, she still cherishes m her bosom an
institution that necessarily drives from her the
very elements of power she so much desires, why
does she still complain?
Before the. revolutionary war the people of Vir-
ginia and Georgia, in their primaly assemblies,
complained of the Biilish Government for throat-
ing upon them this system, which tended to keep
out freo labor, tho mechanic arts, and the great
elements of healthful growth and prosperity. It
is not less true to-day. The sacred memories-that
cluster around the names of these glorious old.
States, prevent my speaking of either of them but
in terms of the profoundest respect. ^Bat lam
speaking of the power of a State and the -means
of its increase. Does any man doubt that but for
slavery, Virginia would have <had forty Repre-
sentatives to-day on this floor? I make no com-
parison in any spirit of hostility; far otherwise.
When the Constitution was adopted, the first
apportionment was embodied in the instrument
itself. By it Virginia had ten members, and New
York six. In all the elements of greatness and
power-she far exceeded Now York. Once and a
half her size, abounding in minerals, but little
waste land, a genial climate, and she possessed
superior commercial advantages. Norfolk had
three times the commerce of New York. Less
than three fourths of a century have rolled round,
and the whole trade of Norfolk scarcely furnishes
a unit with which to reckon up the business of
New York. Both were slave States. New York
abolished slavery. Trade and commerce, and the
mechanic arts began to thrive, her agricultural re-
sources have been rapidly developed, and she is
filled to overflowing with an active, bustling, en-
terprising, thriving population, and she has thirty-
three members, and Virginia thirteen on this floor.
It does not concern me, in this connection, to
dwell upon the evils or advantages attendant
upon these developments under the one system or
the other, nor to discuss with gentlemen the ef-
fects of emancipation in the West Indies, or any
other foreign country. It is the balance of power,
and the means of preserving it alone, we are con-
sidering. And emancipation in the northern States
of this Union would be a more suitable example
for southern statesmen to consider; especially, if
the balance of power is what they desire. Just
in proportion as the South has hugged this sys-
tem of slavery to her bosom, has its stench re-
pelled the laboring white men from seeking homes
within her borders, bringing with them the ele-
ments of power and prosperity to the State. Do
not your own white laboieis instinctively recoil
from every species of labor performed by slaves,
and thus lead a life of miserable compromise be-
tween degradation and idleness on the one hand,
and starvation on the other? and thus the very
sources of prosperity and power are dried up or
palsied. If no more slaves were to be sold to go out
of those States, is there one single section of land
in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, or Missouri,
that is worth more money with any conceivable
number of slaves on it, than it would be if there
were not one slave in those States ? I think not.
But this is no concern of ours. All we ask is, if
you desire power, do not hug that to your bosoms
which repels the elements of power, by a law as
irresistible as the law that keeps the planets in their
orbits.
But suppose that a majority of this House and
of the Senate can be found in the high excitement,
the utter blindness of the moment, to vote for
the admission of Kansas on this fraudulent appli-
cation—suppose you celebrate the nuptials with
songs and rejoicings. What have you gained-by
going through these mocking forms of law? Pro-
claim the bans and perform the marriage cere-
mony, but you will find in the end that you have
admitted into this family of sister States, not tho
virgin daughter of Kansas, happy in her own
choice and cheerfully yielding her priceless and
free-born treasures to the alliance she has sought,
but only a foul and despicable, courtesan begotten
in wickedness and debauched in all her career;
formidable only in her ciime and her impudence,
and destined to be driven from the soil she has
polluted, under the execration and tho scorn of all
just men. And what will you have gained by the
shameful farce? \ new State to the Union? By
no means. For Kansas, in the proper sovereignty
ofher real people, will spurn your unhallowed em-
brace. She will warn you away from her sacred
presence as a virtuous woman would wither, by
her frown, the base miscreant that approaches
only to insult her.
And will you have buried the question and dis-
posed of a most serious disturbing subject by
this great peacl measure, as the President would
blindly and erroneously have us believe ? No, gen-
tlemen; you have done no such thing. Yott have
only aggravated, a thousand fold, the original
