mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
bill. The person entitled to the warrant makes
his application, and makes it in such a form as
entitles him to a warrant; but owing to the busi-
ness in the office, it cannot be issued at once; and
that being" no fault of his, the proof being com-
plete, the bill vests the land warrant as if he were
living. That is the effect of the bill. Most of the
cases occur where the land warrant is issued after
he dies. It is not located; in most cases it does
not reach him; and if it does not reach him, by
existing laws it is of no avail. The object is to
give force to it, as if it had been issued on the
instant he made his complete proof.
Mr. PUGH. When this subject was before the
Senate a few years ago, on the general revision
of the bounty-land system, this very provision
was made in half a dozen different shapes; and
was debated from day to day, and fully consid-
ered, and rejected by a decisive vote. It was then
thought by the Committee on Public Lands—for
I had the honor to report the bill by the direc-
tion of the committee—that itwas a very bad ex-
tension of a very bad system. The whole system
of bounty land warrants is giving the public do-
main into the hands of non-resident proprietors.
If they wete actually located by the soldier, there
would not be so much objection; but they have
got to be a species of land-scrip in the commu-
nity, bought up by speculators; and there are
cases which have come before the committee in
which one person, as assignee of a variety of land
warrants, has located as much as thirty thousand
acres of laud at once. The committee at that time
having a vast number of petitions and memorials,
and amendments of every shape before them,
while examining the question, reported the act
of 1856—which was supposed to be the furthest
extent to which this system could be carried.
As I said, this very proposition was made in the
Senate, I think by the Sepator from Maine; and it
was argued, and voted down. But so it is; got
an inch, and then, in a year or so, the system is
carried much further. The bounty land bill, as
it now stands, has granted twice or thrice as many
acres as was estimated at the time it passed. It
was said it covered so many acres. It has gone
far beyond that. It is nothing m the world but
a system of distributing the public lands, and dis-
tributing them not to actual settlers.
As to the second section of this bill, I warn the
Senate that it will produce more mischief than
anything else.* In the original bounty land actof
1850, on account of the representation that the
discharged soldiers of the Mexican war were very
poor, and could not go to the various land offices
and make application to (inter the hinds, a proviso
was put into the fourth suction that the soldier—
the original warrantee—might cause the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Oflico to locate his
warrant here for him. We give that privilege to
no purchaser. No man can enter an acre of pub-
lic land at the General Land Oilice with money;
but it was supposed to be a special favor to the
soldier; and at that time a land warrant was not
assignable—the law did not allow it to be as-
signed. it did notailow the certificate of location
to be assigned. Nothing could be assigned con-
nected with the transaction until the soldier had
his title. But in 1852 you passed another act
making land warrants assignable; and the conse-
quence is, that the assignee of the land warrant,
who buys it for.less than a dollar and a quarter an
acre, can enter it at the General Land Office; and
a man who comes forward with the money can-
not. The consequence is, that instead of going
to the land olfiees where the actual settlers can
compete, speculator come here with their hands
full of land warrants, and enter them at the Gen-
eral Land Office; and there is continual dispute
and quarrel between the General Land Office and
the local land offices as to the priority of entries.
The object of this second section is to extend the
assignability of land warrants further, to carry it
over to the actof 1855, and thus burden the Gen-
eral Land Office, and make a necessity for more ;
clerks, leading on to the everlasting monopoly of
the public domain. If I can get nothing else, I
move to strike out the second section.
Mr. STUART. I think my honorable friend
from Ohio is mistaken in regard to the second ■
section. I have myself looked at this matter very !
carefully, and so did the members of the commit- '
tee who were present when the bill was consid-
ered. I did not think, and do not now, that the
second section is necessary; but the House tho ught
it was, in order to make these laud warrants as-
signable; that is all. It does not touch the case
alluded to by the Senator from Ohio,in regard to
locating land warrants here at the General Land
Office; and if he will turn to the section that he
has alluded to he will see it. It simply makes
them assignable. I think they are assignable
without it, but the House thought otherwise; and
as it was a House bill, there could be no objection
to retaining the section, for it only makes the war-
ran tsassignable. The effect of the bilf,as it stands,
is simply to vest title to the land warrant whex-e
the applicant dies after making his application,
and before the warrant is-recetved by him. That
is all there is in it. A class of cases of that sort
now exist, where a man has perfected his proof,
but there is so much business before the Pension
Office that it is impossible to make out the papers
during his lifetime. He dies before he receives
the warrant, having done everything that the law
made it incumbent on him to do. This bill vests
that land warrant in his widow, if there is one;
and if not, in the heirs; it does no more. By the
existing law, the land warrant is of no avail to
anybody if the applicant dies before he receives
it. Now, sir, the whole effect of the bill, as it
stands, is to vest that title, and to make it assign-
able. It does not affect the question referred to
by the Senator from Ohio at all. 9
Mr. PUGH. Th.it affects the whole question.
The original act of 1850 allows the holder to enter
it at the Genera! LandOffice, but the holder there
must be the original warrantee. The assignee
could not, because the assignment was forbidden.
Now, when you make that assignable,you open
the door, and that is the object of this provision;
for if they were assignable before, why do you
want this scction ?
As to the other point, we have already provided
that, if the soldier is living, he can have the war-
rant; if he is dead and leaves a widow, the widow
can get it; and if he has no v/idow, the minor
children can get it. That is under our present
system. We went on the idea that the warrant
was a benefit to the soldier, his widow, or minor
children, for services rendered, and we refused, on
I do not know how many votes—1 could tell by
looking at the Globe—to extend it to adult heirs;
and that is what this bill is intended to do. If
the sold ler dies before he gets the warrant, the ob-
ject is to lot it go to the adult heirs. We refused
that very provision. I shall vote against this bill,
if nobody else does; but I insist on my motion to
strike out the second section. If they already
have that benefit, thescction is not neeesaai y, and
if tliey have not got it, 1 am opposed to giving it.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
Tho hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read a third time.
Mr. EttJGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passive of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Michigan whether the effect of this bill
will be that the land warrant goes to the admin-
istrator, so that the creditors may get it, or whether
it goes to the heirs ?
Mr. STUART. The effect of the bill, with the
amendment which has been made to it,as I said,
is simply to vest the land warrant in the widow,
if there be one living, and, if not, m the heirs of
the person who was entitled to it; and'the second
section makes it assignable, to stand then like
existing laud warrants received by the applicant
before he died.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nays 3; as follows:
yras—jmcsxii. b-ivard. bell, nenjomm, bitjler, bn^ht,
brod^rickj liiovvn, (jhawilei, chirk, clm inan, collamer,
crittenden, di\on, doohttlo, duikee, fe^cnden, fitch,
poot, foster, green, flale, ituinlin, hammond, ilailan,
houston, ivor^on, johnson of aikansas, john-on of ten-
nessee, jones, kind, mai lory, pearee, lteid, jtiee, sewaid,
simmon's, sniait, thompson of kemuek), thotn-on of
new jersey, toombs, tiumbnll wade, wilson, and wiiglit
—44.
nays—messrs. clay. fitzpatrick, and pugti—3.
So the bill was passed.
lieutenant t. a. craven.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a privileged question.
It is to file a motion to reconsider the order of the
Senate referring to the Committee on Printing the
report made by Lieutenant Craven, of the Atrato
and Truando route to the Pacific across the Isih-
mus of Darien. I shall not call it up for consid-
eration now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitkpat-
rick.) The motion will be entered.
william crompton.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 394) for the relief of Edson Fessen-
den.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
Senator I would feel more pleasure in accommo-
dating than the Senator from Connecticut, but I
trust we shall proceed with the regular order of
business, the homestead bill. Is the special order
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, unless
the Senate postpone it.
Mr. DIXON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection to the bill which I wish to
have taken up. It is a matter of very small im-
poitance. /
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ten/essee. What is the
nature of the proposition/ Will it give rise to
discussion ?
Mr. DIXON. I do iTOt think it will give rise
to discussion. If so, I shall not press it to-day.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 394)
for the relief of Edson Fessenden, conservator of
William Cromptoti, was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to extend foi seven years from No-
vember 25, 1853, the patent granted to William
Crompton in 1837, for an improvement in the
power-loom for weaving figured and fancygoods.
It further provides that the manufacture and sale
of the improvement, or of the looms containing
it, 3hall be free to the public, on payment to Ed-
son Fessenden, Crompton's conservator, for the
latter's use, fifteen dollars for each loom thus
manufactured and sold, which shall not exceed
the size required to manufacture cloth three quar-
ters of a yard wide, and in the same proportion
for a greater width.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr CLINGMAN. Is there any report in that
case from the Committee on Patents ?
Mr. DIXON. There is a report; but I can
state the case in a single word. I think he will
make no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As a new Senator, I am
reluctant to interpose; but I examined these patent
extension cases a great deal in the other House,
and I never met with one which I thought ought
to pass. In fact, for tho last live years, but one
has got through the other House, and that was
done under the previous question, without a word
of discussion. If this bill ought to pass, it is an
exception to all bills of like character which 1 ever
had occasion to examine while I was a member
of the other House of Congress.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator permit me to
state this case1 It is an exception. I will barely
state very briefly that the inventor in this case
has been, ever since the patent was first granted
to him, insane, and now is in that condition—hope-
lessly, incurably so. The Committee on Patents
have reported this bill in consequence of Ins in-
ability to receive any advantage from the patent
previous to this time, or at least any considerable
advantage. The case was considered by the com-
mittee, and the late Senator fiom South Caiohim,
the lamented Mr. Evans, said himself that he con-
sidered this an exception to all cases of that sort;
that he would not report m favor of a single patent
extension, except in this one instance. He was
about to report this bill when he deceased, and he
would have done so before this time, if he had
not died. I think the Senator will admit that.this
is an exception to the class of cases he has men-
tioned. ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut allow nie to ask whether the oiigmal
Eatent has expired, or whether this is a renewal
efore its expiration ?
Mr. DIXON. It expires on the 27fh of Novem-
ber next, before the next session of Congress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How long has he had this
privilege—fourteen or twenty-one years?
Mr. DIXON. He will have had it for twenty-
one years when the patent expires; but during
