192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
pression, we ought not to make fish of one ana
flesh of another, but should put these claims
against the Government on one level. We have
established a tribunal in such a form that the in-
terests of the Government can be regarded.^ We
have appointed a solicitor to look after the inter-
ests of the Government, and a court to hear the
eases. Certainly no one can say, from the expe-
rience we have had, that that court is too anxious
to look out for the interests of the Governmental
theexpenseof the claimants. I think some claims
have come here from the Court of Claims of very
questionable character, and where the decisions at
least did not meet my approbation.
Under these circumstanccs, when there is noth-
ing but an cx parte hearing, when there have been
reportsagainstthisclaim on two several occasions,
first by the board of commissioners, and next by
theselectcommittee, which might be presumed to
examine it with as much care as if it had a great
deal of other business before it, I see no reason
why we should break over the rules we have es-
tablished in reference to our own act, overthrow
substantially our court, and give this man, having
a large claim, a privilege we give nobody else;
but we should send him to the court we have
established for the purpose of deciding claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are many public reasons,
apart from the claim itself why the course pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
should be pursued on tins occasion. This claim
is founded on a treaty obligation. It is a claim
originally against the Government of Mexico for
damages for the expulsion of the claimant. By
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, we assumed to
pay claims of our citizens against Mexico to the
extent of three and a quarter million dollars, and
we created a tribunal to determine the claims.
The claimant was before that tribunal, and its
decision was against him. It is now affirmed by
the Committee oil Foreign Relations that this de-
cision was founded upon a mistake of facts, or
rather that he has subsequently procured testi-
mony showing that the state of facts on which the
board acted was incorrect. That is the present
position of the case, and 1 am called upon to de-
termine that question.
1 say it is eminently proper that it should bo
determined by the tribunal created for the pur-
pose, and not by me, for the reasons that have,
been so well given by the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden.] The evidence before us is ex
parte; we do not know that it is correct. Our
committees have no means of taking correct testi-
mony, particularly in a case where the greater
part of the evidence comes from the city of Mexico.
We do not know whether the papers before the
committee were genuine or not. When this party
has had a fair trial before n tribunal appointed by
the highest authorities, and his claim has been
rejected, it is going very far to allow him to ap-
pear before another tribunal. To grant tins, in
order to admit after-discovered evidence, is greatly
in case and favor of this claimant; but to go on
and determine the case on the idea that we must
facilitate and hasten his payment, as urged by
the Senator from New Yoik, is, I think, utterly
erroneous.
Besides, if we go on in this way, we shall de-
stroy all the benefits which the public service was
to receive from the reference of claims to a court.
The Court of Claims was established, not merely
to facilitate the payment of claimants, but to get
at the facts of each case, by presenting them to a
tribunal having time to examine the principles,
and thus relieve the legislation of the country.
Formerly, we gave about one fourth of our time
to private claims, and it was impossible for us to
do justice. Now, a worse system will be inau-
gurated, if you allow favoieii claims, properly
falling within the jurisdiction of the court, to be
taken from it on account of some peculiar solici-
tation, or for some special reason. 1 would refer
to the court all cases coming within its jurisdic-
tion, without distinction. I think the Semite
ought to make a stand here. If a claim is within
the scope of the junsdienon of the court, that tact
ought to be sufficient of itself to insure its refer-
ence, and 1 know of no reason which can over-
ride it. Pursue any other course, and you will
have a system of favoritism. If one committee
reports against a claim, the parties interested will
hunt up a committee that is favorable. I speak
of what every man knows to be a common usage.
Nobody ever came before Congress that did not
get a favorable report from some committee. An
examination of the records will show that claims
which have been rejected twice, thrice,even fifty
times,4iave finally been favorably reported upon.
Now, sir, we have a judicial tribunal for which
we pay a great sum of money, more capable than
we are, and having more time than we have, to
decide questions of this sort. It ought to be an in-
flexible rule with this body, wheneVer a claim is
within the jurisdiction of that court, to refer it to
them; and therefore I approve the resolution of
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. COLLAMER.. X wish to add a few words
to the remarks of the two gentlemen who have
preceded me. This Mr. Atocha, as appears by
the report, was sent out of Mexico by the exec-
utive Government of that country; but this was
not on account of any difficulty between Mexico
and the United States, because it was a year be-
fore the war, or anything like quasi war, existed.
The report quotes an article in a former treaty
with Mexico, providing that our citizens should,
in the event of a war,'have six months' notice to
leave the country. This dues not apply to Mr.
Atocha's case, because there was not a state of
war at that time, and ho was not sent out of the
country as being offensive in consequence of any
difficulty arising from his being ai) American citi-
zen.
The fourteenth article of the old treaty provided
that our citizens residing in Mexico should have
all the rights which Mexican citizens had in rela-
tion to legal trials. Mr. Atocha was sent out of
the country in a time of peace; and if there is any
objection to his being sent out by the executive
Government as an American citizen, it is because
of that fourteenth article. That brings us directly
to this question: had they a right, under their
laws and by their Constitution, to send out of the
country at once a person whom they regarded as
a dangerous citizen f If they had, they had a right
to send Mr. Atocha out, and there is no claim at
all. He had no more right there than a Mexican
citizen. They sent him away as being a dan-
gerous or offensive inhabitant. If they had the
power and right, under their constitution, to send
away one of their own people, they had a right to
send this man away. The whole question would
seem, then, to turn on this: had they a right to
send away one of their own citizens ? I do not
know that they had not. It is stud that it was
done by people who had, by a sort of pronuncia-
miento, put out Santa Anna. I suppose Santa
Anna would have had the same right while he
exercised the Government, if the right existed at
all.
Mr. SLIDELL. There was a state of siege at
the time; martial law prevailed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tim actual existing Gov-
ernment in the hands of the then Executive exer-
cised this power, which I suppose is common to
Mexico, and, for aught I know, constitutional.
If so, it is Mr. Atocha's misfortune, and his claim
must be against somebody else. He cannot have
a claim against us, or even against Mexico, if he
was dealt with by the existing authorities of the
country accoiding to law. That is a question
which depends entirely on the extent of the con-
stitution and laws of Mexico—I am not prepared
to say. T do not know but that the Court of
Claims may properly look into that, and say there
was no right to expel him in the manner in which
it was done. That, however, is presuming that
Mexico is a free, just, and liberal country, like
ours, and that therefore no such power can exist
there. Such a power does exist in many coun-
tries, and is considered necessary foi their safety.
Mr. SLIDELL. A single word m answer to
an argument of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. I asserted that this money
absolutely belonged to the United States; that no
argument could be adduced from the fact of there
being a balance remaining of the §3.250,000. By
the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico we
paid §15,000,000 for the extension of boundaries.
By the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth arti-
cles, we incurred the following obligations:
tCAp.T. 13. The United States engage, moreover, to as-
smru' and pay io liio claimants <ill Uie amounts now due
them, and t!io*e to hccomo due, by reason of the
claims already liquidated and decided against the Mexican
Republic, under the convention* between the two Repub-
lics, severally con eluded on the 11th dnv of Apnl, 3S39, and
on the 30th day of January, 1843; ?o that the Mexican Re-
public shall be absolutely exempt, for the future, from all
expense whatever on account of the said claims.
"Art. 14. The United States do furthermore discharge
the Mexican Republic from all claims of citizens of the
United States, not heretofore decided against the Mexican
Government, which may have aiisen previously to the date
of the signature of this treaty; which discharge shall be
final and perpetual, whether the said claims be rejected or
be allowed by the board of commissioneis provided for in
the following article, and whatever shall be the total amount
of those allowed.
" Art. 15. The United States, exonerating Mexico from
al! demands on account of the claims of their citizens men-
tioned in the preceding article, and considering them en-
tirely and forever canceled, whatever their amount may be,
undertake to make satisfaction for the same, to an amount
not exceeding §3,250,000."
The treaty then goes on to say that all these
claims shall be ascertained and passed upon by
the board of commissioners; and this Government
agree to pay no claims which are not recognized-
as valid against the Government of Mexico by
the board of commissioners. This is not a rec-
ognition of the sum of $3,250,000 being due to
Mexico, out of which we should have a right to
retain, under certain circumstances, a portion in
order to indemnify our own citizens; but it is an
absolute obligation on our part to pay to our own
citizens $3,250,000, under certain circumstances,
when they have established certain proofs. I
think there can be no doubt of this.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My friend from Ver-
mont assumes that this expulsion of Atocha took
place before the war. I think it is a matter of
some little question when the war may be said to
have commenced. There was no formal decla-
ration of war at any time by Mexico against this
country, or by this country against Mexico, un-
less Mexico can be considered as having made a
conditional declaration of war when, before the
annexation of Texas to this country, she made a
solemn declaration that she would make war if
Texas was admitted. Texas was admitted, as
well as 1 remember, in the early part of the year
1845. The event then took place on which the
conditional declaration of war by Mexico took
effect. From that time, then, we should have had
a right, if we pleased, to consider that there existed
a state of war. Blows were first struck in the
spring of 1846, but the declaration of war, if there
was any, was that which I have supposed—a con-
ditional declaration of war by Mexico previous
to the admission of Texas; and all the interval
between the striking of blows and the annexation
of Texas was a state on both sides, particularly
on the side of Mexico, of preparation to strike
the blow. From her extensive dominions she
was marching troops to the Ilio Grande; and as
soon as she got ready a sufficient force there, she
crossed that boundary, and a battle was fought.
Now, are we to say tiiat the war commenced only
from the time when these blows were struck? If
anything justified her in making that war, it was
her previous declaration to us that she would
make it if we annexed Texas. It seems to me,
then, that although the expulsion of Mr. Atocha
occurred previous to the first battle, it may have
been at a time when there was a state of virtual
war existing by the only declaration of war that
was made by either party. I think, then, the case
is not clear against the claimant on this point.
While I admit the propriety of the general dor-
trine urged by gentlemen, it seems tome that
there arc peculiar circumstances in this case which
will justify us in now deciding on the claim with-
out refe rn ng it to the Court of Claims. A long time
has elapsed since the claim was first presented.
A portion of it has been occupied in a vain strug-
gle before a tribunal erected by Congress for dis-
posing of the fund leserved to pay private claims
against Mexico. In that the party failed. Since
then, he has been long collecting such testimony
, as was appropriate enough before this tribunal.
Now you any turn him bock and let him go before
the court. The remarks which have been made
on this subject arc generallyjuclicious; but here is
a transaction occurring in a foreign country con-
nected with the politics of that country, and, after
this lapse of time, it is exceedingly improbable
whether the testimony to support this claim can
■ be produced in that precise form which the rules
of evidence will demand when it goes before this
tribunal. Evidence of a character that would be
very satisfactory to us, could not be admitted
there, not because it, would be disbelieved by the
tribunal, but because it was not in that formal and
authentic form which alone can render it adfliis-
