1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
most of this time he has been in the condition I
have mentioned.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then he has already had
a patent for twenty-one years.
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And this is a further ex-
tension.
Mr. DIXON. It is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the report •will be
read. I am so much satisfied that the cases are
wrong in principle, that I wish to hear the read-
ing of the report.
The PRESIDING OPFICER. The report has
not yet been returned from the Printer.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I hope the bill will
go over; because I have an idea that these cases
are wrong in principle. I should like to accom-
modate the gentleman; but I cannot yield a prin-
ciple.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope we
shall proceed with the regular order of business.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that this bill is rather
upon the principle of pension than an ordinary
extension of patent. The grant has extended in
this case two terms, one of fourteen and one of
seven years, and lias, therefore, been a grant of
twenty-one years. The judgment of the com-
mittee is against extension by special acts of le-
gislation, in any case, and especially beyond the
twenty-one years. This case, however,presented
itself as an exceptional one—one which might be
treated as an exception to a general rule. It pre-
sented itself in this light to the committee: tins
party had made an improvement which it had
been admitted on all hands was a very useful one.
Before the expiration of his patent, he became a
lunatic, and during the whole of the last term of
seven years he has been a lunatic. He became
disabled from paying attention to making provis-
ion for his own support and for that of a large
family. We inquired into the condition of his
estate, and found that there were in the hands of
his conservator about ten or eleven thousand dol-
lars, the interest on which was not sufficient to
provide for his own com fort, nor for the necessary
education and support of that part of his family
which remained dependent upon him. The man-
ufacturers who were in the use of this improve-
ment and at whose charge is the cost for the
patent, came forward almost ina body and repre-
sented that, in their opinion, the extension should
be allowed, and that they were willing to pay for
it themselves. They were the parties mainly in-
terested. On the other hand it was contended by
machinists that the effect of the treatment which
the existing patent received at the hands of the
conservator, was a restriction upon their trade,
because it confined the manufacture of the article
to the assignee. They said themselves they would
be perfectly willing to pay a fee if the use of the
improvement were allowed them. It seemed to
us a case in which those who were using the im-
provement might be permitted to provide for the
comfortable maintenance of this lunatic, who had
made an improvement which they were using,
and which was useful to them. It is rather a case
of pension—pension by the consent of those who
are using the instrument—to a man who had done
them a good. That was the idea on which we
acted, and on which we thought it to be altogether
an exception.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I would make this
suggestion to gentlemen: if it is to be a pension,
is it not better to pay it directly out of the Treas-
ury? That will not interfere with private right,
but if you pass this bill, there is no telling to what
extent it will interfere with private rights. The
Senator from Florida says that some of those in-
terested—I do not know how many—are willing
that the patentee should have the extension. It
is very clear that there must be some understand-
ing between them and him. Possibly those who
are pressing it here have agreed that if certain
parties will waive all objections, they may go on
and use the improvement. I cannot imagine why
It is that those who are to be interfered with
should consent to the extension, unless there be
some understanding of that kind. I would much
rather vote money out of the Treasury, if this be
a meritorious ca?e—and on that point I have
doubts as to all of them—than to pass an act which
will interfere, to a very great extent, with private
rights. I have had occasion to look into these mat-
ters, and am satisfied that, on examination, the
Senate will not be likely to extend any of these
patents. This bill, however, seems to be founded
on entirely a new principle, something of the na-
ture of a pension, and it ought to be thoroughly
investigated.
Mr. YCJLEE. I did not speak of it as a pen-
sion, but as in the nature of one, and a pension
derived from those who use the improvement.
Persons who do not use the improvement con-
tribute nothing; but if they do use it, it is but
fair and reasonable that they should contribute to
the comfortable support of the man who has given
them its benefit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is, these gentlemen
have been obliged to pay taxes for, say twenty-
one years, and it is now proposed that if they use
this improvement they shall pay for it further in
the form of a pension. I confess I do not see
anything in the statement that takes this out of
the general principle. By the patent laws you tie
up the inventive genius of the country for a lim-
ited period. It was originally thought that four-
teen years was long enough, ff fourteen years
was long enough at the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, certainly now much larger profits are
made during that period of time than were then.
The effect of these laws is to say that when an
individual has made a discovery, though another
man may make it the next day, the second shall
not have the benefit of it, and it turns out that so
many of these discoveries are cotemporaneous
that you often cannot tell who is best entitled;
and there are constant disputes about the tele-
graph and other discoveries as to who was in fact
the first discoverer, (t seems that the human
mind makes one step, and when it does, a num-
ber are prepared to carry it forward.
My objection is that by the patent laws you
tie up the inventive genius of the country, and
no matter what a man discovers, he cannot avail
himself of it until the period allowed to the pat-
entee has expired. The existing law allows
fourteen years in all cases, and that I think is
long enough. This individual, however, has had
seven years more, and there is now a proposition
to extend his patent still further. I thank it would
be better to remunerate him out of the Treasury
than to interfere with private rights after patents
have expired. I make these objections in the
hope that none of these bills will be passed with-
out a thorough examination.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator interrupted me, I
supposed, for the purpose of making an inquiry,
but I have been very much interested in his ad-
dress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon of the gen-
tleman; I thought he had concluded his remarks.
Mr. YULEE. I was proceeding to say that
while the case excited the sympathy of the com-
mittee, there was a reasonable consideration on
which it might rest without introducing any new
principle. The law as it exists contemplates that
a period of twenty-one years is only a reasonable
time within which to enable the inventor of a
useful improvement to acquire a profit which shall
be remunerative to him. It supposes him to be
in a condition to make a full use of the grant
which the law has made to him, but in this in-
stance, for nine of the twenty-one years, which
the law has in all cases deemed to be a reason-
able period within which to allow a party by his
activity and energy to make a profit from his
improvement, this man has been confined in a lu-
natic cell, and has been unable therefore to super-
vise his affairs. He has been unable to go into
the woild and make that, profit by the manage-
ment of his business, which the law contemplated
he might within twenty-one years. This excepts
it from ordinary cases. There has been no fault
on his part, no remissness, no negligence, no sin,
which has disabled him fium making all the use
of the twenty-one years which the law supposes
he might do; but it has been his misfortune, 0:1
account of a providential dispensation. Under
such circumstances, the committee thought a rea-
sonable time ought to be allowed in order that
his representative might, by a further attention to
the interests of the improvement for seven years,
accumulate a sufficient addition to the present
estate of the lunatic to provide comfortably for
him ill the future. It seemed to be a case in
which we might reasonably extend the patent,
and it is the only case I have ever seen that, to my
mind, presented a state of facts upon which I
thought we might reasonably extend the period
beyond twenty-one years.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to postpone the
bill for a day or two, until we can see the report.
I am willing to name any day that may- be sug-
gested by the friends of the bill. I more to post-
pone its further consideration until Monday.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was read the third time and
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 25) to
grant any person who is the head of a family,,
and a citizen of the United States, a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
publics domain, upon condition of occupancy and
cultivation of the same for the period herein spe-
cified.
The pending question .being on theamendment
offered by Mr. Clingman, in the first section of
the bill, after the word " entitled," in the fifth.
liH£, to insert:
To have issued to him by the Commissioner of Public
Lands a warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
to be located in the same manner as that under which the
bounty land warrants heretofore issued have been located
on any of the public lands of the United States subject to
entiy, the applicant being requned to make proof m sup-
port of his claim in such manner and under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the interior.
So as to make the section read:
That any person who is the head of a fhmily and a cit-
izen of the United States, shall be entitled to haveissued
to him or her by the Commissioner of Public Lands, a war-
rant, &c.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wish to trouble
the Senate with any general discussion of this
question; but the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] in his remarks the day before yester-
day, appealed to me notlo press this amendment,
and even said that he doubted whether I could be
serious m proposing- it. I determined to hear the
Senator, as I did with very great pleasure; but it
struck me that his objections to this amendment
were of such a kind that, on reflection, he will be
very likely to abandon them himself; and I rather
think he will be disposed to take my amendment
in preference to his own proposition. 1 believe I
can 111 a few minutes satisfy Senators that the
only objection which he makes to my amendment
lies with equal force against his own bill, while
there are several grave objections to his proposi-
tion which do not exist to mine.
*L-Ie says that my proposition will stop the com-
ing in of money into the Treasury; that it will de-
prive us of all revenue from the public lands.
Well, he will see, on a moment's reflection, that
his must have the same effect. He proposes that
every man who wishes it may go, settle upon,
and occupy one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Of course, if all those who want land can goandget
it for nothing, they will not pay anything. The
land warrants which I propose to ispue, the titles
to land, are mere permits to an individual to oc-
cupy it. If I get one of them, it gives me permis-
sion to go and occupy one hundred and sixty
acres to the exclusion of everybody else. The
gentleman's own proposition does that; and tho
consequence is, that the very moment you pro-
vide that every man in this country, -who is the
head of a family may take possession of the land,
without money and without price—your land
-warrants will sell for nothing. The Senator seems
to have confounded the present price of land war-
rants with what they might be hereafter. A per-
mission to occupy the land is valuable if you can
only get it in that way. I might illustrate my
view in this way: Suppose there xvas in the city
of Washington a valuable mineral spring, like the
famous Saratoga or the White Sulphur Spring, and
the man who owned it would allow nobody to
I use the. water without a permit fiom him: those
permits would be valuable. I might be willing to
give ten or more dollars for a permit to get that
water, and they might bear a price in the market.
But suppose he would come out and say he would
allow anybody to use the water who thought
proper. Then, if a man would come to me and
ask me to buy a permit for its use, I would say:
" it gives me the privilege of going and taking
the water without it, and, therefore, I will give
nothing for it." If the public land is made, like
the water in the Potomac, free for anybody, of
i course it can have no price in market._ I think,
J therefore, the Senator, on reflection, will see that
