THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 13.
sible in a court of justice. I think, therefore, we
should not violate our duty to our country, wc
shouid not set a bad example, by now acting and
deciding ourselves on this claim. It is one in
which 1 have no peculiar interest, only the desire
that justice may be done, and that promptly. I
think, sir, the nation will lose but little security
in transferring from that court to the accounting
officers of the Government this claim, and re-
quiring their decision uponitto be sanctioned by
the Secretary ot' the Treasury. The public in-
terest seems to mc to be sufficiently guarded, as
well almost as it would be by a reference to the
court. Under these ciicumstances, and the ease
being ready for decision before us, 1 sec no reason
why we should interpose this obstacle to a present
decision on this subject, and let the party receive
whatever he is entitled to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution to refer this case to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to make a suggestion
to the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, which will govern my vote in this case.
If the amendment which I have ufiered is ac-
cepted, I shall be willing to send the claim to the
accounting officers of the Treasury. If it is not
accepted, I shall vote for its reference to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. MASON. ' I see no particular objection to
the amendment offered by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, and I would accept it; but I cannot see
how he is to cffect the object, unless my colleague
withdraws the resolution until the bill is perfected;
and then we can have a test vote on the reference
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER.. My view in submitting the
motion was to carry out one of the objects of the
establishment of the Court of Claims, to save the
Senate the trouble, and refer the subject to the
court, as a body better calculated to do justice in
"the case than we can be, with our imperfect means
of examining' testimony. I therefore desire to
take the sense of the Senate whether they will
refer the subject entirely to the decision of the
Court of Claims, or will'decide on it themselves.
If it be thought to be a case for the Court of
Claims, we can save ourselves the trouble of con-
sidering all these amendments, and (he merits of
the bill". 1 must, therefore, persist in my motion,
and ask that the sense of the Senate be taken
on it.
Mr.FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer the bill to the Court of
Claims; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Big^s, Bi«ler, Biodenclc, Chanrt-
ler, Collamer, Davis, Doohttle, Duikee, Evan*, Fcssuuden,
Fitch, Fitzpatnek, Fool, Foster, Gieen, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hunter, Iveixon, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Pearce,
Pugh, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, tium-
bull, and Wade—31.
NAYS—Messrs, Bell,Benjamin, Cameron,Clay, Critten-
den, Dixon, GwmjHale, Houston, Jones, Kennedy .Mailoiy,
Mason, Sewaid, and Thomson of New Jersey—15.
So the bill was referred to the Court cf Claims.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. J. B.
Henry, his Secretaiy.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 5, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal ot yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chairdesires to caH the
attention of the House to the condition of the bills
from the Court of Claims which were not finally
disposed of at the last session of Congress. The
law passed in 1855 requires that the reports from
the Court of Claims shall be taken up and riis-
13
posed of the same as if there had been no adjourn- j
ment. In construing that law, the Chair has felt ;
himself constrained to hold that where a bill had i
received its first and second reading at a preceding j
Congress, it would be incompetent to resume the i
consideration of that bill at the point where it had i
been left off. He has, therefore, held that it is !j
necessary that these bills shall be resumed, and ,|
the proceedings commenced de novo. He has given ;■
instructions to the Clerk, in making up the Cal- - j
endar, not to place any of these bills upon it; and |<
if the House concurs with the Chair in the views sj
he has taken, it will proceed to have all the bills jl
undisposed of at the lastCongtess read a first and ; j
second time, and refcrrpd to the Committee of I
Claims, so that they can be taken upin conformity j
to law. The adverse reports the Chair has di-
rected to be placed upon the Calendar. If, there-
fore, there be no objection, the Chair will present
these bills for a first and second reading.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST. If the law be such
as it has been stated by the Speaker, I should be
glad to have it read before the House acquiesces
in the present ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The law provides—
" Thnt said reports, and the bills lepoited as aforesaid,
shall, if not finally acted upon dm i'ig the session of Con
giesN to which tlx* said re;coiNate nude, be continued from
session to and i'tmn < 'oni^e^ to Coiigrc-^, until the
hdinc Mi.ill be • v ai  "il upon , and tl'< om&idciation of
pjndrepmN and ! l!> the Mih^enuent session ot
Conute^. he le-mned, and the said repot H end bills be pro-
ceeded with, in tlu: '-nine manner a* though finally acted
upon at the so^ion wliou pic. cutcd.''
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not think j
that there can be any doubt of the correctness of |
the views presented by the Speaker in the deeis- ;
ion he has just made with regard to these bills. |
The action of the last Congress upon these bills j
was inchoate, unfinished,and theystand now just
as other bills do, which, passing one House, have
not passed thn other, from whatever cause, or as
bills do which hove passed both Houses of Con-
gress, and have been lost before they got to the
j then President; and theirconsideration, when re-
j surned, must be u Mimed de noio. The action of
1 the Senate and of tins House gi\< s them no vahd-
• ltv; we must begin os w-o. !
! "It has been suggested to me that the Speaker j
il has decided that some of these bids should go |
;! upon the,Calendar,and that others should not. i
p The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that '
;j only the adverse reports of the Comt of Chums '
jl should be placed upon the Calendar. The (Jhair .
1 does not feel that there is any necessity to bring ■
them to the attention of the blouse. !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. 1 will sustaiu 1
the Chair's decision. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not hear the :
remark of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. !
Billinghurst.] Did he disagree with the views ■
of the Speaker'5 \
The SPEAICER. The Chair did not so under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin. He only
asked for the reading of the law.
S Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There con be no
; doubt, 1 think, of the correctness of the views of ,
' the Speaker. No Congress can have the right to ■
! pass a law for the purpose of controlling the action
1 of a subsequent Congress. Neither the House nor j
; Congress can pass an act that a bill only partially >
; acted on, shall stand before the succeeding Con- ;
i gress where it. stood when that Congress expired. *
| Therefore, 1 should suppose there will be no dis- j
j agreement with the Speaker's construction, that ■
■ the bills reported upon favorably by_ the Court of j
Claims should be referred to the Committee of '
, Claims. 1 am not certain but that the adverse re- ;
I ports from that court should also $ro there to be :
! reported on by that committee. If there be no ,
: objection, these adverse reports might be laid on ;
! the table till thev are finally disposed of. j
! The SPEAKER. The law directs in reference \
to that point: ;
i '-The clnms reported upon ad veuely shall be placed upon ,
1 the Calendar when icpoued; and if the decision of said {
i court snail he confirmed uv Concuss, ?aid decision thall be j
t oonelUMve, and th« said court shall not at an} subsequent .
1 period consider said claims, unle«; «uc4i reasons shall be pre-
senter! to &a:d court as, by the ruies of common law or chan-
cery, in suits between individuate, wouid tarnish sufficient
ground for granting a new trial.;j
Mr. BOCOCK. Nobody objects to the Speak-
er's decision, and I shall object to further debate
unless there is an appeal taken from that decision;
and if an appeal be taken 1 shall move that it be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to debate
the question. I wish to know whether, if these
adverse reports do notgo upon the Calendar,theie
will be any action of the House on them, and
whether they do not require the action of the
House to deeide the question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so thinks.
The following bills were then severally read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims:
A bill for the relief of Asbury Dickins;
A bill for the relief of John Robb;
A bill for the relief of Michael Nourse;
A bill for the relief of George A. Magruder;
A bill for the relief of Moses Noble;
A bill for the relief of Francis A, Gibbons and
Francis X. Kelly;
A bill for the relief of James Beatty's personal
representatives;
A bill for the relief of Ernest Fiedler;
A bill for the relief of Henry and Frederick W.
Meyer, merchants of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Sturgcss, Uennctt&Co.,
merchants of the city of New Yoik;
A bill for the relief of Cornelius Boyle,admin-
istiator of John Boyle, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Otway H.Berryman and
others;
A bill for the relief of Nahum Ward;
A bill for the relief of David Wood, merchant
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of John Michel, merchant,
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief, of Atkinson, Rollins & Co.,
merchants of the city of Boston;
A bill fur the relief of Aymar& Co., merchants
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Wolfe & Co., merchants
of the city of New York;
A bill for thcrcliof of Stanwood &Reed, mer-
chants of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of J. D. & M. Williams,
merchants of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Way, mer-
chant of the city of Boston; *
A bill for the relief of Udolplio Wolfe, merchant
of the city of New York;
A bill lor the relief of Alfred Atkins, merchant
of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of George W. Wales, mer-
chant of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of F. B. Wales, merchant
of the city of Boston;
A bill for the relief of John Ericsson;
| A bill for the relief of George Ashley, admin-
i istrator, de boats non, of Samuel Holgate, de-
j censed;
! A bill for the relief of Egleston & Battell, mer-
I chants of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Jane Smith, county of
Clermont, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Lucinda Robinson,
county of Orleans, State of Vermont;
A bill for the relief of Hannah Weaver, of
: Wavne county, Pennsylvania;
i A" bill for the relief of Ann Clark, of Madison
' county, Tennessee; „ « . .
i A bill for the relief of Mary Burt, of Sciota
' county, Ohio; _r
A bill for the relief of Esther Stevens, of Van
Buren county, Michigan;
A bill for the relief of Mercy Armstrong, ot
Gloucester county, Rhode Island;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Madison, of i' air-
field county, Ohio;
A bili for the relief of Anna Parrot, of Clinton
county, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Margarctte Taylor, of
Putnam county, Tennessee.
