1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Heps.
day, on his way to give his evidence, was shot.
The dead tell no tales. His testimony was never
taken again, as Calhoun required. He exposed
the crime. Who were the criminals ? The pro-
slavery men say Munday shot himself, or was
murdered by some free-State man ! How improb-
able ! He had no reason for suicide; he had con-
cluded to serve God and let slavery alone. Who
had anything to fear from Munday's evidence?
What parly might lose? what men be exposed by
it ? Who could have any motive of fear or of re-
venge, to prompt them on to such a deed ? Those
who had been guilty of forgery or perjury, or
both, in regard to this transaction ! If he was
murdered, it was not by free-State men; they were
glad to have him tell the truth; they wanted his
evidence! It was done by some fiend of the pro-
slavery faction from fear, or for revenge—another
crime in the effort to make Kansas a slave State.
Delaware Crossing.
Isaac Munday, being sworn, deposes and says: I reside
at Delaware Agency, Leaverivvoitir county, Kansas Tcru-
tory; was one of the judges of election at that precinct, on
the election held theie on the 4th of January, 1858, for offi-
cers under the Lecompton constitution; 1 was before tins
boaid to testify at Leavenworth city on the 2Gth day of Jan-
uary, 1858; I'did not then see the poil-books of Delaware
Agency precinct. I have been shown now, by the board, a
roll, which purports to be the poll-books of that preciuet; 1
find, on examination, a certificate made out upon a pot turn
of a sheet of paper, containing the ceitificatcs of the judges
of election, signed by me and the other judges; the sigua-
tuies, I believe, aic genuine, but the preceding seven sheets
of paper, with lines drawn between two columns of names,
and numbered to represent three hundied and seventy-nine
names,! never saw befoie; thcpoition of paper upon which
the certificates are made out appears to have been cut from
the original poll-books, as made out and signed by the judges
of election, and has been wafcicd to this h>t, which was
never made out by us; the poll-books, which t signed at
the close of the election were made out upon three sheets
of paper, wafeied one upon the other; the heading of the
original poll-books was made out upon a broader sheet of
paper than thU, and in an entirely different handwriting; the
names on the list were in one column, and numbeied differ-
ently fiom what they are in this; I see nothing genuine in
these poll-books, except the certificate which i  appended,
and which has apparently been cut fioin the original roll;
there were some nauicb signed on the last sheet, just above
the ceitificate; this has been cut between the certificate
and the names ; the paper which we used was watered to-
gether with led wafers; these are fastened with wafers of a
diffeient color; the names of the persons who really did
vote there on that day weie written ma different order from
what they aie here ; there weie just forty-three vote* taken
in by us there, and tlio.se were all the names written on the
list; on this I find three hundred and seventy-nine names,
and names of men who did not vote thpre, and men that I
never s-aw or heard of; I believe the whole thing is a for-
gery, except what appears on the last sheet, which contains
the certificate, as signed by myself and the other judges; I
have been shown by this board a tally list, accompanying
the poll-books, which tally-list gives to each of tlie Demo-
cratic candidates tlnee hundred and seventy nine votes; T
never t-aw that tally-h.*t before ; the heading and the certif-
icate which we used at the election weie brought to the
poll-room on the day of the election, I think, by Alt. Gar-
rett; blank spaces weie left tor the name ofihe piennctto
be wntten in ; I think Mi. Find lay, one of the cleik-;, filled
m the name of the precinct m the blank space m the head-
ing and ceituicate; I do not know whose handwriting the
oiiiimii! heading and certificate were made out in ; I do not
think it was in the handvvuting of Cairett, Wilson, or any
of the clerks or judges of election ; I do not know where
Mr. Garrett got the heading and certificate ; ihemipiession
made on my mind at the tune was that he had [nought them
up from Wyandot; something was said about making out
the poll-books, and he remaiked that he had hi ought them
up all prepaied; I have been shown an affidavit by this
board as follows :
"Territory of Kama's, County of Leavenworth.:
u The undersigned, judges and clerks of the election held
for State officers and members of the State Legislature, held
at the precinct known a? Delaware Agency, on the 4th day
of January, 1858. do hereby certify that the return5? made
by us of said election weie correct and genuine; and that
any statement made by any person as to the vote of .-aid
Erccmct can only be determined, n< to in truth or falsity,
y a reference to said letums made by us as managers and
clerks of said election at said precinct."
I signed an affidavit wouled as above, at Wcstporf, Mis-
souri, on the 18th day of January, A. D. 1858, before Samuel
Suiters, an acting justice of the peace for Johnson county,
Kansas Terntoiy; the affidavit was signed by myself and
the other judges and clerks of the election ; I heard, puor to
signing the affidavit, various lumors as to theie beingfoiged
returns from our precinct; the affidavit was made m Wen-
port; was drawn up by Mr. J. II. Danforth; fearing the
various reports as to there being forged retains ftorn our
precii)'-t,and knowing that Mr. Gnrietthad been arrested,
and that some one had been at my house to airest me. on a
cluige of having something to do' with it, I went to West-
port lor the purpose ofscemgGcneral Calhoun, who it was
reported would be there; I did not find him there; Mr.
JDanforih was there; [ met him at the post o*hee; never
saw him before that day; at the time I signed that affidavit
i did not know that there were any toiged returns with my
signature attached; I supposed then that the genuine re-
turns were in the hands of Calhoun, and believed that if we
New Series—No. 16.
made this affidavit. Calhoun would get our signatures cor-
rectly, and would correct the leturns as made out by us;
we left the affidavits in Danforth's possession; J sent for
Giinter and Wilson to come to meet me at Westport; Gar-
rett and Findlay weie there; we went there expecting to
meet Calhoun ; at the time Danioith wrote the affidavit I
think he had heai d that there only forty-three votes polled*;
I mentioned at the time that perhaps it would be better to
state in the affidavit the number of votes polled being forty-
three ; Mr. Findlay said that He thought it would be better
to state that the returns as made out by us were correct;
Mr. Danforth gave as his opinion that it would be the proper
way, and so wrote the affidavit; the affidavit was made be-
fore Samuel Salters; I do not know where Salteis or Dan-
forth lives ; Mr. Garrett told me that he had stated pubhey in
Lawrence and Lecompton, and had told Governor Denver,
that the actual vote was but forty-three; and T supposed
that Calhoun knew what the true vote was, and if we made
oath that the returns as made out by us were the only evi-
dence as to what the real vote was, it would be counted
only as forty-three ; I f-upposqd that Calhoun had the cor-
rect returns, as Hendeison was at our precinct when the
polls closed, and suggested to take them up to Leavenworth
and give them to Calhouu ; I have no idea who committed
the ioi gory of those returns. ISAAC MUNDAY.
XIII.—VOTING BY FREE-STATE MEN.
That part of the free-State party that voted for
State officers on the 4th of January, (about half
the free-State men refused to vote,) have been
claimed as indorsing and assenting to the Le-
compton constitution. This is an error. They
voted to take from their enemies, in any contin-
gency, all pretense of authority; and they voted
protesting against the Lecompton constitution.
The convention nominating the free-State officers
unanimously
''Resolved. That the candidate nominated by this conven-
tion, on accepting this nomination, will be con.-ideied as
pledged, should the constitution be appioved by Congress,
to adopt and execute immediate meabUiCf foi enabling the
people, tnumgli a new constitutional convention, to obtain
such a constitution as the majority may appiove."
And the free-State officers elected (but who
have not been, and will not be, declared elected)
have sent to Congress their protest against admis-
sion under it, reciting how it was made, and con-
cluding as follows:
" In view of these facts—-that the Lecompton constitu-
tion was fiamed bya bare majority of aconvention, elected
by a srnull minority of the people of Kansas, and that the
convention refined to submit the constitution thus framed
to a fair vote of the people for their ratification or rejection,
and that the Territorial Legislature did provide by law foi
its submission, under which law it was submitted and re-
jected by an overwhelming majority of the people; and for
the sake of harmony and the integrity of the Union, we, the
officers elected under savd constitution, do nio  t icapect-
fully and earnestly pray >our honoiable bodies not to admit
Kansas into the Union under said constitution, and thus
foice upon our people an organic, law against their cvpross
will, and in violation of eveiy principle of popular govern-
ment.
" G. W. SMITH, Governor elect.
" W. M iBi'yRTfs, Lieutenant- Governor elect.
u ANDiirAV .1. MEADE, State Treasurer elect.
11 J. K. GOODIN, Jluditor of Stale clect.^
These facts are stated by responsible men.
They are true, and can be proved; and they are
undisputed.
XIV.—SUBMISSION ON TWENTY-FIRST DECEMBER.
The pretended submission, on the 21st Decem-
ber, of the constitution, was a most shameless
fraud. To submit a constitution to the people, al-
lowing them to vote for it, but not to vote against
it, was no submission. It was a confession thatit
ous:ht to be submitted, but a refusal to submit it.
The President says the convention "did not
think proper to submit the whole of this consti-
tution to a popular vote, but they did submit the
question whether Kansas should be a free or a
slave State to the people." And he afterwards
says that this election presented " a fair opportu-
nity" to decide the question of slavery. It is true,
the votes were to be labeled <{ constitution with
slavery" and " constitution with no slavery;" but
it is equally true, that the constitutions, in both
cases established and perpetuated slavery; the one
with no slavery being made unalterable and irre-
pealable, and in that respect even worse than the
other, which did allow slaves to be emancipated
upon certain terms. The President says that "Kan-
sas is as much a slave State as Georgia or South
Carolina;"and, therefore, that" slavery can never
be prohibited in Kansas except by means of a con-
stitutional provision." The constitution with no
slavery declared i( that the right of property in slaves
now in the Territory shall in no manner be interfered
with." If it is now a slave State, and the right of
property in slaves and their increase cannot be
interfered with, it must remain so. Instead of a
prohibition of slavery, here is a constitutional
sanction. It also declared, in relation to amend-
ments, that " no alteration shall be made to affect
the rights of property in the ownership of slaves.
The other constitution was one undtsguisedly
establishing slavery and prohibiting its repeal,
but allowing slaves, upon certain terms, to be
emancipated. Here was a double fraud. First,
the votes must be for the constitution, and could
not be against it. Next,the votes must be for sla-
very, and could not be against it. If they voted
for the " constitution with no slavery," that es-
tablished slavey, and made it perpetual! What a
" fair opportunity" was here presented! fair
opportunity to establish slavery ! and to provide that
it should never be abolished! and no opportunity
to vote against it in any way. " Heads I win,
tails you lose"—what a fair opportunity! The
President regrets the people neglected to improve
it. It was an insulting fraud, that a blackleg
would have the grace to disown.
XV.—VOTE ON THE TWENTT-PIRST DECEMBER.
According to the official certificate of Governor
Denver and the presiding officers of the Legisla-
ture, the whole vote was six thousand seven hun-
dred and twelve for the constitution atthiseleetion.
They were present at the canvass on the 14th of
January. According to Calhoun, it is now six
thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. When
or how the eighty-three votes were added is not
explained ! This vote, as reported and counted,
was to a great extent fraudulent.
The following is a comparison of the reported
vote of four precincts, with the actual vote as
proved by the judges and clerks of the elections,
before the investigating committee of the Terri-
torial Legislature:
Reported. *Actual.
Ovfoid 1,226 42
Shawnee  753 115
Foit Scott  329 150
Kickapoo 1,017 385
Total   3,347 692
Here are frauds at four precincts of nearly three
thousand of the six thousand votes returned. But
this is denied and proof withheld.
The officers of the Legislature say:
" Taking into view other, but less important, frauds, we
feel sato in saying, that of the whole vote polled, not over
two thousand weie legal votes polled by citizens of the Ter-
ritory."
The real vote at this election was, in fact, about
the same as at the election for delegates; that is,
the actual strength of the factious pro-slavety
minority, according to the best and most reliable
evidence to be obtained—namely, about two thou-
sand. '
At the election on the 4th of January, when a
fair vote either way was allowed, there was from
ten to twelve thousand majority against this con-
stitution. At the election on the 21st of Decem-
ber, the real vote was about two thousand in its
favor. Bilt at this election no one could vote
against it!
XVI.—AMENDING THE CONSTITUTION.
The President insists that the majority, if they
are for a free State, (as he seems to assume,) can
amend this constitution at pleasure, after it is
adopted; and says:
'•The will of the majority i<? supreme and irresistible,
when oxptessed m an orderly and lawful manner. They
can make and unmake constitutions at pleasure. It would
be absurd to say that they can impose fetters upon their own
power which they cannot afterwards remove. If they could
do this, they might tie their own hands for a hundred as well
as for ten years."
His position is that the proceedings to make a
constitution are irrepealable, and the question of
its adoption cannot even be submitted to the peo-
ple, but when once firmly fixed upon them, the
will of the majority is supreme and irresistible.
The very reverse is the fact. Before they are ad-
mitted under it, the will of the majority is fettered
by no conditions, and should be supreme and
irresistible. After it is adopted it can only be
amended in a legal manner, according to its pro-
visions, and slavery eould never be prohibited.
