342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. op Reps.
Can a majority of the people, or even of the
States, amend the Constitution of the United
States in violation of its provisions? If so, the
clause allowing a representation upon property to
a small class of citizens against the equal rights
of all other citizens might be amended, and in that
way slavery might be disconnected from politics
and from Congress, and from all questions as to
the political power or the political ascendency of a
privileged class. It would then cease to be polit-
ical, and like all other property interests, become
a matter of pecuniary importance only. No longer
an element of political power, it would cease to be
a theme of discord ana strife. That would place
all the citizens of all the States upon a real and
just equality, and establish an unbroken peace
upon the subject of slavery. Can the provision
allowing two Senators to each State, which is not
amendable, be changed ? If not, can slavery be
abolished against the express terms of the Con-
stitution f
The President promised the people of Kansas,
through the Governor he appointed for them, that
the constitution should be submitted to the peo-
ple, for them to adopt or reject. That promise
has been violated. Now he expresses an opin-
ion that if the constitution establishing slavery is
adopted, it can be easily amended and made a free-
State constitution! The opinion is more worthless
than the promise; for if in this instance he should
maintain his integrity, he cannot decide this ques-
tion—that will come before the pro-slavery judges
of Kansas, subject to an appeal to the pro-slavery
judges of theSupreme Court. The Kansas judges
are the same who directed indictment against cit-
izens of Kansas for their political opinions. The
supreme judges are the same who recently, in an
opinion—not a decision—(the Dred Scott case)
usurped legislative powers beyond those admitted
to belong to Congress, and by a kind of judicial
usurpation, and judicial enactment, attempted to
extend slavery beyond the limits of the States
where it existed, into all the Territories of the
United States. And this the President recognizes
as law, when these judges had no more authority
to extend slavery beyond the limits of the States
where it was upheld by local law than so many
other persons who never had been judges. Both
courts are intensely pro-slavery,and, judging the
future by the past, ready to d o any tiling for slavery
that party necessities may require. 1 hese courts
would say the constitution, if once adopted, could
only bo amended in a legal way, and according to
its provisions, and not at all as to slavery, which
is made irrepealable. Nor could any act of Con-
gress change this, as has boon suggested. Con-
gress can only admit or refuse to admit the State
under the Constitution. The people of Kansas,
up to this time, have been unable to get rid of the
illegal legislation of 1855. And they never could
change this pro-slavery constitution, if it should
be adopted, short of revolution.
xvii.—equai. rights.
The rulers of this Government, the privileged
political class, who represent slavery, say they
must have equal rights in the Union (ft■ they will
go out of it. It is just and right that the people
of different States and different sections, of differ-
ent occupations and pursuits, should have equal
political rights, and, in proportion to their num-
bers, equal political power. We all agree in this
great principle, upon which alone a representative
government can rest, if those who complain are
denied this, I will aid them to obtain it by a change
of policy, or of the Constitution itself. Will they
do the same? Will they consent to stand upon
a real and true equality? If so, wo have only to
examine fairly what section, or class of States, or
individuals, have had more than their equal share
of political power, and correct it. This question
of slavery has been made, and is, a question of
political power. So says Senator Mason; so says
tlie gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and
I admit it. It is this that brings it here; it is this
that gives to it its bitternelfe; and, as they say,
endangers the Union. How stands the account ?
Who hold the power of this Government in their
hands ? Who have held it in their hands for the
last sixty years ? Is it the Representatives of all
the people of all the States equally ? Have the
Representatives of the free States had it in their
control ? No man can say so truly. History re-
cords the fact that the owners of slave property,
small in number, control this Government, and
have, for the last sixty years. So said Mr. Meade
in 1848; so said Mr. Clay in 1850; and so says
Mr. Hammond in 1858; and the records of the
Government prove it beyond dispute. It is as
astonishing as it is undeniable. The free States
(slave owners may well use that term in reproach
and in derision) have only been free to do as their
masters—the owners of slave property—directed.
The population of the free States is over thirteen
millions; of the slave States, over six millions.
There have been eighteen presidential elections;
twelve Presidents were slaveholders, six were not,
but northern pen with southern sentiments. The
slaveholders have heldi the Presidency for forty-
eight years—more than two thirds of the entire
period. No northern man has ever been reelected;
five of the slave-owners have been. As far as the
Presidency is concerned, the slave-owners have
had more than their equal rights ! There are over
twenty millions of free people in the Union; the
slave-owners numbered, in 1850, three hundred
and forty-six thousand and forty-seven. Accord-
ing to numbers, they should have had the Presi-
dency but a single year; they have had it over
forty-eight!
Since 1809, the Presidentpro tempore of the Sen-
ate has been a slaveholder, except Mr. Southard,
of New Jersey, and Mr. Bright, of Indiana, for
five or six years in all I And they were zealous
adherents of the slave power! A single year was
all they could claim upon the principle of equal
lights!
Since 1820, for thirty-eight years closing with
the present Congress, slave-owners have been
Speakers of the House for thirty years; and free-
State men for only eight years! The Speaker, by
the appointment of committees, controls the legis-
lation of the country more than any other officer
of the Government, and the committees never were
appointed in so unfair and partisan a manner as
in the present Congress !
In the thirty-five Congresses, we have had twen-
ty-two Speakers who were slave-owners, and
twelve who were free-State men. What class of
men have had more than their equal rights 1
Since 1841, slave-owners have held the office of
Secretary of the Navy, except two years, up to
the organization of the present Cabinet; and since
1849, a slave-owner has always been Secretary of
War. The free States furnish most of the ship-
ping and seamen for the Navy, and most of the
soldiers for the Army; but slave-owners command
them. Who have had more, in this, than their
equal rights ?
Since 1789, up to the present Administration,
the Secretary of State has been appointed fourteen
times from slave-owners, and only eight times
from free-State men. This is the first officer of
the Cabinet, who has charge of the foreign rela-
tions of the country. What men have had more
than their equal lights ?
In the Supreme Court, five of the nine judges,
including the Chief Justice, have always been
slave-owners, and only four from the free States,
and these must be sturdy adherents of the slave
power. So that one department of the Govern-
ment has been forever exclusively in the hands
of slave-owners. Is this giving the other citizens
their equal rights? Nearly one hundred to one of
the people of this country are not slave-owners, and
more than three fourths of the business of this
court arises in the free States !
There is a class of the people having more po-
litical power, than any other class of citizens—
namely, the slave-owners. There are three hun-
dred and forty-six thousand and forty-seven of
them,includingmen, women, and children. They
admitand boast that they have controlled the Gov-
ernment for sixty years, and do now. They own
three million two hundred and four thousand
two hundred and eighty-seven slaves. Three
fifths of them are counted; so that three hundred
and forty-six thousand and forty-seven persons
are counted as if they numbered in fact two mil-
lion two hundred and sixty-eight thousand six
hundred and nineteen in the scale of representa-
tion. These three hundred and forty-six thousand
are counted nearly two million more than they
are, because they own slaves. Instead of three
Representatives in Congress, they have thirty,
because they own slaves. But this is not all the
political power they have. They control those
States. The free whites in the slave States, not
owning slaves, numbering five million eight hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand three hundred and
fifty-seven, the great body of the people, do not
seem practically to have any political power. Who
ever heard of any of them being President, Vice
President, a Cabinet officer, a Senator, or mem-
ber of Congress, or ajudge of the Supreme Court,
or filling any other important office under thia
Government? The slave-owners, by their property
and political privileges, are made the ruling class
in those States. They control the press, and foree
submission to their will by a system of terrorism
and constrained public sentiment. We mustadd
to their power the nearly six million non-slave-
holders in the slave States. These three hundred
and forty-six thousand slave-owners, bound to-
gether by a single interest, have therefore in their
hands practically the political power of about eight
million people, bond and free. Do they claim
more than that for their equal rights ?
We find that three hundred and forty-six thou
sand slaveholders have had one department of the
Government in their hands absolutely—the judi-
ciary; the executive practically, and also the le-
gislative—all; and yet they are going out of the
Union if they cannot have their equal rights.
This is no over statement. More than twenty
million free people are governed by some three
hundred and forty-six thousand, and have been
for sixty years; and they claim more, or will go
out of the Union after equal rights. All I can say
is,vif the^were fairly out of the Union we might,
after their departure, have equal rights.
They talk of an equilibrimi—that is the phrase.
A greater absurdity could not be imagined. How
can you arrest the natural increase of over twenty-
million free people, and the immense immigra-
tion here, to keep pace with three fifths of your
increase of slaves? for, if one increases faster than
the other, your equilibrium is overthrown. You
cannot do this; and, therefore, you attempt to
overthrow the principle of equal rights in repre-
sentation. Every departure from this is a step to-
wards despotism. Would it not be absurd for
the shoemakers fn the free States (and they are
more numerous than the slaveholders) to demand
an equilibrium, or say they would leave the
Union ? or for Rhode Island to say she would
dash the Union into fragments unless her relative
strength in the Government was kept exactly sta-
tionary, as it was when there were but thirteen
States in the Union? We should answer to all
these claims: " Keep cool; you are not wronged;
you have your just and equal share in the Gov-
ernment in proportion to your numbers;" that is,
republican and democratic. So have slavehold-
ers; and more than that, just so much more aa
slave representation increases it. And this they
have. Whether there should be one or moreslave
States, their equal rights can never be destroyed.
Increasing free States or decreasing slave States
could never deprive a single slave State of their
equal rights. It might lessen—it could never re-
move—the inequality and injustice that now give
them absolute power in the Government.
The annexed table and extracts are added upon
this subject:
EXTENT, POPULATION, AND REPRESENTATION OF THE FREE
AND SLAVE STATES.
Free States. Sq. Miles. Population. Sen. Rep.
1. New York  46,000 3,048,325 1 33
2. Pennsylvania  47,000 2,258,160 2 25
3. Ohio  39,964 1,955,050 2 21
4. Massachusetts  7,250 985,450 2 11
5. Indiana  33,809 977,154 2 11
6. Illinois 55,409 816,034 2 9
7. Maine  35,000 581,813 2 6
8. New Jersey  6.851 465,509 2 5
9. Michigan  56,343 395,071 2 4
10. Connecticut  4,750 363.099 2 4
11. New Hampshire.. 8,060 317,456 2 3
12. Vermont  8,000 • 313,402 2 3
13. Wisconsin  53.9-24 304,756 2 3
14. Iowa  50,914 191,881 2 2
15. Rhode Island  1,200 143,875 2 2
Fifteen States 454,344 13,347,035 30 J42
(Omitting California.)
