THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MAY 24, 1858.
New Series No. 145.
at their conduct in the war of 1812. Sir, England
would this day give $500,000,000 if the Guer-
riere had conquered the Constitution; and if the
Guerriere had conquered the Constitution, I be-
lieve all our victories would have been lost; the
tables would have been turned, and we should
have exactly occupied the condition England did
—beaten, beaten, beaten everywhere. I object
in toto to the system of donations to the officers
of the Army and not to the Navy. How did you
dispose of that land to the Army? There was
no gradation in it; but just the reverse. A drum-
mer of the regular Army or volunteer corps was
put upon a footing with Major General Scott—
one hundred and sixty acres for each. I guard
Senators not to act upon principles of that kind.
The public domain is valuable. You are now
suffering for want of money; or, rather, you are
in imaginary suffering, for our credit is as high
as it ever was, and it is as easy to get money now
as if our tariff gave us an excess; and we ought to
do whatever should be done, without any regard
to the present crisis. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of my friend from North Carolina.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I think the
honorable Senator from North Carolina falls into
an error in supposing that the object of the home-
stead bill is to make a gift to anybody. I under-
stand the ground on which it rests to be simply this:
that the person who, with his family, goes upon
one hundred and sixty acres of the public domain,
and occupies and cultivates it for five successive
years, earns it and becomes entitled to it. I do
not intend to detain the Senate, but simply to call
them back to the first principles upon which all
title to real estate rests. It rests upon occupancy,
and upon nothing else, by the law of nature and
of nations. I will read a single extract upon this
point from a learned author, whose authority will
be universally acknowledged:
"The only question lemaming," says Judge Blaekstonc,
" is, how this property became actually vested, nr what it
i«! that gave a man an exclusive right to letain in a petma-
nent manner that specific land, winch before belonged, j*on-
eiallv, to everybody, but particuiaiiy to nobody. And, as
we before obscivod that occupancy gave the light to the
temporary use of the soil, so it is agieed, upon nil hands,
that occupancy §ave aiso the original light to the perma-
nent property in the sub.-tance of the earth itself, which ex-
cludes every one else but the owner lrom the u^e of it.
There is, indeed, some difference among the writers on
natural law. concerning the reason why occupancy should
convey this light, and invest one with tins absolute prop-
erty—Giouus and VuffendorfF insisting that this right of oc-
cupancy is founded on a tacit and implied assent of all
mankind; that the fii&t occupant thould become the owner;
and Barbeyrae, Titius, Mi 3,ocke, and others, holding that
there is no* such implied assent, neither is it necessaiy there
should be, for, that the veiv act of occupancy alone, being
a degree of bodily labor, is, from a principle of naiinal jus-
tice, without any consent or compact, sufficient ot itself to
gam a title—a dispute that savois too much oi nice and
scholastic refinement. Ilowevei, both side? agree in this,
that occupancy is the thing by which the tifle was, m fact,
originally gained ; every man seizing to his own continued
use such spots ot giound as lie found mo-?t agiee.ible to Ins
own convenience ; piovided he found them unoccupied by
any one elseS'—Blackstonc's Commentaries, book '2, chap-
ter 1 j page 8.
Sir, by the law of nature and of nations actual
occupancy of real estate is the only basis upon
which a title to it rests. In giving my support to
the homestead bill, as it has been introduced by
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, I do so-
not upon the ground that I am voting to give to
any person a title to the land, but to grant land to
the person who actually enters upon it, and occu-
pies it for five years in succession, mingling his
own labor with the soil, and setting up and per-
fecting in himself the title to real estate in the only
manner in which that title can be set up by the
law of nature and of nations. In saying this, I
do not wish to be understood to say that Govern-
ment may not by conventional regulations estab-
lish other title to real estate. I do not question
at all the legal title of the Government, or of any
individual to land which may be derived from
the Government, although not actually occupicd.
That, however, is a legal right, based upon the
law itself, established by the Government, and
not the right, as based upon the law of nature and
the law of nations. The true policy in our legis-
145
lation, it strikes me, is to conform as nearly as
we reasonably and practically can to the law of
nature and of nations. ' In giving my support to
this bill, I do not vote, as I understand it, to make
a donation to anybody, but simply to grant the
lands to those persons who actually earn them,
pay a consideration for them, and that consider-
ation which, by the law of nature and of nations,
gives the best title to real estate—actual occu-
pancy.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I come from one
of the old States, and I appreciate the appeal that
has been made by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, in regard to the manner in which the public
domain has been administered. It is fifteen years
since I was first a member of Congress. From
that time to the present my observation has taught
me, and my convictions have strengthened, that
the old States have nothing on earth to expect
from thepublicland. Various attempts have been
made at various times to interpose something in
their behalf, but the day has gone by—no, sir, it
has not gone by; it never existed. They never
have got anything, and they naver will, and they
never can. The only satisfaction the old States
can have is, that the domain was procured by
their blood and treasure. The benefits of it are
to go to the new States. I know it, and it is use-
less to contend against it. -
I live in New Hampshire, one of the severest
climates, and one of the most ungrateful soils,
perhaps, of any State in theUnion. I knowitis
utterly idle to indulge the hope that all our young
men, as they grow up, will stay witli us. No, sir;
they will go out; and they will go out and people
the new States and Territories. I have traveled
somewhat extensively in the "West, and wherever
I have gone, I have found the young men of New
Hampshire, who have left her severe climate and j
ungrateful soil, and gone out to this western coun-
try and settled. Some of them,like my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] come back here as
Senators occasionally. But as they are to go out
and settle there—and they will go out, and we
cannot keep them at home—all we can do is, to
give them our blessing and our title to the land.
Let them have it; I am willing they shall take it.
But now I want to say a word that has been
brought out by an allusion made by the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, in regard to a
class of men who are not particularly interested
in this bill—I mean the agrarians. It is custom-
ary and it is fashionable, and it has been for more ;
than eighteen hundred years, when you wanted :
to put a thing down in everybody's mind to de- ;
nounce it as agrarian; and the idea has been prev- ;
alent that if you could fasten upon a proposition
the term '' agrarian," you made it odious to every i
honorable mind. Sir, if there ever was a class
that the page of history has brought down to this ,
country that is entitled to the commendation, to
the warmest gratitude, to the admiration of every .
philanthropic and democratic heart, it is that much- j
abused class upon whom history has heaped her i
libels for eighteen hundred years—the agrarians, j
The discoveries of tire modern historian have
brought no more grateful tribute to the altar of
truth, than the redeeming that much-abused class
from the odium which has so long rested upon
them.
Sir, the agrarians of the olden time were the
friends of humanity; they were the patriots; they
were the honest, the upright, the bold, and the un-
flinching advocates of equal rights, equal laws,
and equal privileges. It is a mistake, a gross mis-
take, to say that the agrarians ever contended for
what it is so fashionable to attribute to them at
I the present day—an equal distribution of prop-
! erty and of the public land. No, sir; the agra-
! nans saw in olden times, as the agrarians see
i to-day, that the public domain of the Republic of
j Rome, after it had been won by the blood and
! treasure of the common people, the plebeians, was
i engrossed m the handsof an aristocracy, and that
' they had no partorlotm it. They saw,and they
| felt, as agrarians have seen and felt ever since,
i that the part which society required of them was
to labor, to toil, to go to battle,to fight, and-to
die,and to conquer territory from other nations;
and, when it was acquired, to see it grasped, ab- 
sorbed all in the hands of a grinding and an inex-
orable aristocracy; and when they saw that they '
strove against it. I do not care what you may
say of any of those who1 figure upon the page of
history, the warmest sympathy of my heart and
its deepest gratitude is due to those much-abused,
calumniated agrarians, the old Gracchi of Rome,
who were slain by a mob composed of the men
of property and standing in Rome.
Sir, it is that same spirit to-day which would
lock up your public domain, and keep it to be
doled out to great gigantic corporations, and to be
dealt with in any other way except to make it
what I believe God Almighty intended the world
should be when he did make it, and that was a
home for man to live on. Sir, I want to see the
country come up to that. If they will not quite
come up to looking on the earth as a place for man,
it will be some beginning if they look on it as a
place for white men to "live on; and when they
have realized that idea, perhaps, by and by, in
the progress of truth, such light may dawn on us
that we may work our spirits up to the conviction
that God actually intended that black men should
live upon the earth somewhere.
It is m view of this that I shall make up my
mind to go for this bill. My State, as such, will
never be benefited by it one dollar; it will be in-
jured ; but I know, when we have such men as my
friend from Michigan, we cannotkeep them; they
will go; and theonly question is, whether we shall
give them a homestead and blessing, or give them
a blessing without a homestead? that is all. Ijm
willing to give them a blessing and a homestead
too. It is for the reason that I know it is hope-
less to think the old States will ever get any ben-
efit from the public domain that 1 am willing to
give it to men who will cultivate it.
I sympathize a good deal with what was said
by the Senator from Wisconsin; but I do not go
quite so far as he did. I think, in a primitive
state of society, before they got to making deeds
and signing and sealing, occupation was a good
title; but since we have had courts, they have got
an idea, somehow or other, that these papers,
wax-seals, hand-writings, &c., do sadly interfere
with the right of occupancy, squatting, or what-
ever you please to call it. That might do as a
theoretical disquisition upon a new world, if God
should see fit to make one and give it to us; and
I do not know that it would not be good philoso-
phy; but at the present day it would not do. These
ugly deeds, these seals, these signatures, and these
courts who enforce them, arc great obstacles in the
way of the idea of possession. I know that pos-
session is a good title in law. It is said to be, I
believe, nine points out of ten. But, aside from
all that, I think the best thing you can do with
the land is to give it away. I do not mean to give
it away in the way it was distributed to the Wis-
consin Legislature [laughter;] but I mean to give
it away in something like the way proposed by
the Senator from Tennessee, or I am not entire-
ly certain that I do not prefer the proposition of
the Senator from North Carolina; but one of the
two. For these reasons, I shall give the meas-
ure my support.
Mr. HOUSTON. Without designing to com-
mit myself exactly to all the provisions of this
bill, I must object to the amendment of the hon-
orable gentleman from North Carolina. I cannot
see how the object of the Senator who introduced
the bill would be accomplished by giving this uni-
versality to its provisions, nor can 1 see any ben-
efit to result to the country from that, lie con-
templates an increase of revenue from the plan
he has devised, and argues very reasonably that,
by settling on alternate quarter sections, the re-
I maining quarter sections will be so much more
1 valuable that the Government of the tl mted States
! will be benefited. With a single eye to revenue,
' lam inclined to believe it would enhance the value
j of the remaining portions of the land if one half
of our entire domain were given away in alternate
