244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
isbed by them. I drew articles of impeachment
to present in the last Congress against one of these
corrupt judges, Lecompte; but the slave power
is so strong in this Government that there is no
place in it where he could be fairly tried and justly
punished. It would have been as idle as the com-
plaints that Governor Geary preferred against
him; and for that reason alone I abandoned it.
After a long delay' and imprisonment, these
ninety-eight State prisoners and Administration
rebels were brought to trial before these judges—
the friends and officials of the past and present
Administrations. Arid even Lecompte and Cato
were forced to acknowledge they had done noth-
ing criminal, and the indictments were dismissed.
The intended purpose was answered: while these
men were imprisoned, the Lecompton fraud had
been planned and prepared. After all this, for the
President to call these proceedings of the free-
State party rebellious, is disrespectful to the pure
judiciary of Kansas—men who would go as far
for slavery as the most degraded of men dare go;
whose judicial action even the President does not
seem to respect.
xx.—governors op kansas.
Since October,1854, counting the Secretaries who
have acted as Governors, Kansas has had seven
Governors—Reeder,Shannon, Woodson, Geary,
Walker, Stanton, and Denver—all appointed by
President Pierce or Buchanan, within a little over
three years; and all removed by them, or forced
to resign, but Denver, and it is said he is soon
to be removed. Both Administrations were in-
sanely bent upon forcing slavery into Kansas—
the last being (like the last state of the man who
took into his council seven other spirits more
wicked than himself) " worse than the first." All
these men were the party friends of the Presi-
dents appointing them—some of them southern
men; some northern men with southern senti-
ments. Two of them voted in Congress to repeal
the Missouri compromise and open Kansas to
slavery; and all were bound by their party pie-
judices and party feelings, to carry out the wishes
of their party in Kansas. Bound, too, by every
motive of interest or ambition to carry out tlint
policy—selected by the President and removable
at his will; selected as the very man in each case
best fitted to aid in the great purpose of making
Kansas a slave State—each ol these men went to
Kansas bitterly prejudiced against the free-State
party, just as the President is now. Some of
them were men of great ability and raie and ripe
experience, who were as well qualified by their
high standing and position to command respect
and inspire confidence as any that could have
been selected. Yet all these man have learned to
respect the rights of the people of Kansas when
they came to know them, however strongly pre-
judiced against them before. All these men have
teen forced to bear unwilling testimony in their
favor. And when the cry of oppression has been
heard from that far-off Territory, and these men
have been called upon to explain why there w.ts
disturbance, and why there was complaint, they
have been compelled to say the disturbances were
the work of the pro-slavery party anil their allies,
and that the free-State men had been wiongcd
and trampled upon. Reeder said so, and he op-
posed, as well as he could, Missouri invasion and
dictation, and he was removed ! Shannon, par-
tisan as he was, and reckless as he was, under
whose rule almost every spot in Kansas was wit-
ness to some great crime—so that it furnishes to
this day its legend of horror written in blood—
even he, at last, was forced to confess the same.
The light of truth shone too brightly around him
to be resisted, and then he was removed!
Geary appears to have desired to do justice to
the people of Kansas. He said the disturbances
were made by the pro-slavery party, and the free-
State party had been greatly wronged. He even
attempted to punish crime; he stood by and heard
the dying declaration of Buffum, murdered by
Hayes; and he promised to see that the murderer
was punished. He caused him to be arrested, and
he was indicted by apro-slavery grand jury. Judge
Lecompte discharged him. Again he was arrested
and again discharged. The Governor appealed
to the President to remove Judge Lecompte. It
was said that he would be removed; he was not
removed, but Governor Geary was! I
Governor Walker went there believing in re-
bellion and proclaiming rebellion, until he learned
it was only a paper rebellion made by the Executive
to cover its own proceedings. He found the peo-
ple orderly and peaceable; he found that all they
asked was the rights of American freemen, to have
a voice in making the government and the consti-
tution under which they were to live. He prom-
ised this to them, for himself and for the President
and the Cabinet; he pledged his honor to see that
this was allowed to them; but when it was found
the people would not consent to make Kansas a
slave State, he was required to violate his promises
and his pledge of honor; this he would not do,
and he was forced to resign.
Governor Stanton had again and again pledged
the Administration (and he had authority to do
so) that the constitution should be submitted to
a fair vote; and when the convention—that has
since become a fugitive from justice—refused to
do this, he called together the Legislature, who
passed a law requiring its submission; andit was
submitted. The election under this law estab-
lished the greatfact that the free-State party were,
in truth, the people of Kansas. For this act of
Honesty and independence, Stanton was removed !
It may be said to the credit of these men, that
not one of them—no man of character enough to
hold the place—has ever yet been found who would
do the work required at their hands. They all
give their testimony against the insane folly of
attempting to force slavery upon the people of
Kansas. If any man will not believe their united
testimony, he would not believe though a witness
should rise from the dead. But if no Governor
would do all the dirty work required, the man
has at last been found that will. Calhoun, once
president of a convention—as high an office as the
president of a last year's caucus—has all the power
of the Territory placed in his hands. He is as
irresponsible, and his power is as irrepealable as
that of the Lecompton convention—with this Ad-
ministration. He hesitates at nothing. Governors
are no longer needed.
It is said he dare not return to Kansas. And
Stringfellow, Atchison, Buford,and their desper-
ate compeers, have left Kansas in despair; and
dream no longer that slavery can be forced upon
her people. But this Administration, more des-
perate than they, is still insanely and pertinacious-
ly laboring to accomplish it.
xxi.—peace in kansas.
It is urged th&tadmitting Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution would secure "pence." No
greater mistake could bo made. Instead of peace,
it would be a declaration of civil war. The peo-
ple of Kansas never will sift>mit,and never should
submit to such an act of oppression. " There is
a point beyond which a free people cannot be
driven." Congress would then indeed force them
into rebellion in defense of the inalienable right
of self-government, in defense of their right to
j a republican government, not in name only, but
| in fact. Any attempt to enforce that rejected and
detested constitution upon the people of Kansas
1 would be unavailing. They would notstand alone
in that struggle. Public opinion is stronger than
this Administration and' slavery combined. The
rash attempt might plunge the country into a civil
war, and deluge Kansas in blood, but it would be
unsuccessful.
Congress never had a question before it fraught
with more fearful consequences—one more cer-
tain to endanger the peace of the country, if it is
not settled wisely and rightly. Peace cannot be
secured by consummating this great wrong upon
the rights of a free people. Justice to the people
ofKansas can alone secure peace and tranquillity,
for justice and peace go hand in hand.
Is it an evidence of peace that the House of
Representatives in Kansas, by nearly a unani-
mous vote, passed an act making it felony, pun-
ishable with death, to attempt to put that consti-
tution in force in Kansas, or to accept any office
under it? Is it an evidence of peace, that public
meetings assemble in Kansas, and resolve,without
a dissenting voice, that in case Congress adopts
the Lecompton constitution, the people ofKansas
will put the Topeka constitution into operation,
and stand by it at every hazard ? Is it an evi-
dence of peace that all reliable intelligence from
Kansas represents the people as fixed in their pur-
pose of resistance, if the Lecompton constitution
is attempted to be forced upon them ? They say:
" If it is rebellion for us to insist on oui right to live un-
der our own government—a government born of the popu-
lar will, baptized in the blood of our martyrs, and indorsed
by the people's votes, then we are ready tor it."
The newspapers of Kansas express the same
determination:
"We know that, let eome what may, no pro-slavery Le-
gislature or officer will ever be allowed to assume the rems
of power. Cost what it may, we stand to this, and will sup-
port it while a free voice is left to encourage action, or a
free arm left to strike a blow!"—Leavenworth Times.
" There is no mistaking it—no evading it. There can be
no compromise. It is eithersubmit and be slaves, or resist
and be freemen—Lawrence Republican.
An extract from a letter of L. A. Prather, Esq.,
"lama Democrat, and that in the broadest sense of tile
term. I am also a southerner from the bosom of old Vir-
ginia, and yet so much am I opposed to the Lecompton
constitution that, if Congress undertakes to force it upon
us, i will fight—yes, sir, I will suffer death, rather than sub-
mit to the damnable tiling; t swear, by the great Eternal,
that J will resist it as long as I live ; and if it is not destroyed
dunng my life, i will disinherit my children if they will not
promise to struggle against it after I am gone."
Thus speaks one of the men nominated on the
same ticket with Calhoun as a delegate to the Le-
compton convention, and whose name, without
his authority, was placed to the pledge signed by
Calhoun and others, to submit the constitution to
the people for their adoption or rejection. He did
not attend the convention. Only a bare majority
of the delegates elected did attend.
.The following is a copy of the last resolution
passed by the Kansas Legislature before its ad-
journment:
" Resolved by the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Kansas, the Council concurring, That we do hereby, for the
last time, solemnly protest against the admission of Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution; that we
hurl back with scorn the libelous charges contained in the
message of ttie President accompanying the Lecompton
constitution, to the effect tliat tile fieemen ofKansas are a
lawless people ; that, relying upon the justice of our cause,
we do hereby, in beiialfoi'thc people we represent, solemnly
pledge ourselves to each other, to our friends in Congress,
and in the States, " our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred
honor," to resist the Lecompton constitution and govern-
ment by force of amis, if necessary; that in this perilous
hour of oui history we appeal to the civilized world for the
rectitude of our position, and call upon the friends of free-
dom everywhere to ai ray themselves against this last act
of oppression in the Kansas drama.
"Resolved, That the Governor be i equested to immediately
transmit certified copies of these resolutions to the Presi-
dent, the Speakei of the House of Representatives and ihe
President of the Senate of the Congress of the United
States, and a copy be transmitted to our Delegate m Con-
gress, and to both branches ol Congress."
T'hey declared their fixed purpose to resist this
rejected minority constitution by force of arms if
attempted to be forced upon them. Does this
look like peace, if Congress adopts the Lecompton
fraud? If that is done,and attempted to be en-
forced, not peace but war will be the necessary
and certain consequence.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HONTjAMES WILSON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 29, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole 011 the
state of the Union—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. Chairman: This debate is about to close.
I therefore wish to present the reasons which
have determined me, under all circumstances, to
oppose the admission of Kansas into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution. I also wish
to present what I conceive to be the true cause of
all the difficulties in that Territory, from its or-
ganization to the present period. For I do not
conceive that it is contained in the mere refusal
to submit to the people this constitution, to be
approved, or disapproved, by a direct vote. That
was a great wrong, but still not the true cause;
neither do I concede that the charge of lobellion
made by the President in his special message is
the true cause. That charge is simply untrue.
But, sir, the true cause lies far back of the Le-
compton constitution—far back of the charge of
rebellion. It is contained in the bill organizing
the Territory—the organic act which gave it its
