i§6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
•will allotf the appointment of a special committee'
to take these matters in to consideration, and report
upon them. Then every man, who desires, can he
heard upon the subject. For myself, I would have
much to say m explanation of the views which,
I am aware, would innovate much upon the sys-
tem on which we have heretofore acted. I am
well aware that arguments must be adduced be-
fore the country, in support of a proposition to
change or alter laws which have existed for so
long atime; but I think it will be found, upon in-
quiry into their history,that they do not deserve
the respect which has been so long paid them.
Before I sit down, Mr. Chairman, 1 will merely
refer to the fact that this act which it is proposed
to refer to a committee, with the recommendation
of the President that further powers bo granted
to him, is an act not to punish offenses against
the law of nations, but it is entitled u An act to
punish certain crimes againsttheUnited States."
Offenses of this description are termed " consti-
tutional offenses;" but in these latter days we are
not satisfied with that; we must call them " crimes
against the United States."
I desire now, sir, to give a brief history of the
acts which have been passed of the nature of the
one which I propose to repeal, or modify, and
which I hope will be taken notice of by the select
committee, if it shall be organized. The first law
of this character passed by the Congress of the
United States, was passed in 1794, and was by
no means as severe in its provisions and restrio- :
tion£ as is the law now upon the statute-book; j
because the fathers of the Revolution had too much
respect for the rights as citizens which they had
reserved to themselves, and had not given to the
Government, to enact such a law as that of 1817
or 1818. That law of 1794 was passed at a very
remarkable time, when the greatand good Wash-
ington, as is known to American history, was ex-
ceedingly embarrassed on account of American
sympathy for the French Revolution. The act
Was limited in its operation to a few years, and
the object of its enactment was to suppress Amer-
ican sympathy for revolutionary France.
A few years afterwards, in 1797, when that act
had expired by its own limitation, the French Rev-
olution had not yet died away; a Napoleon had
not yet arisen to assume the supreme control of
that country; and, therefore, the law was reen-
acted, hut it soon became obsolete upon the stat-
ute-book of ourcountry. It was revived in 1817;
and it is remarkable that it was revived nt a period
when some disturbances existed on our Canadian
frontier, it was revived for one year only, at the
solicitation of England; and the object of that ar-
bitrary, and perhaps unconstitutional measure,
restrictive of the rights of American citizens, was
to prevent American sympathy with the Canadian
insurgents from finding vent. But, sir, when that
law expired, the revolutionary struggles of the
Spanish colonies on this continent had begun to
show their heads,and American sympathy turned,
as it will always turn, in favor of liberty and inde-
pendence. The sympathy of the American people
was bursting forth in favor of thoseSpanish colo-
nies, which were then struggling against one of
the most odious despotisms on earth, to gain their
national independence and their liberty. Jtwas
(hen that Spain and other European powers sought
ihe aid of the Supreme Court of the United States
and of the legislation of Congress to check that
sympathy; and as Mr. Clay, who was then a
warm advocate of the freedom and independence
of the Spanish colonies, said, the law of 1818 was
obtained by the incessant teasing of foreign min-
isters, and that law was more severe than any
enacted for the prevention and punishment of
offenses against our own citizens.
It is a lemarkable feature of this case, that
every one of these laws that has stood upon our
statute-book has resulted from a desire to chock
the outburst of American sympathy in favor of
those engaged in a struggle lor liberty; they were
enacted to do that which no Government on earth
can do—to control the sympathy of our people in
favor of those nations which were struggling for
their political freedom and independence. It was
this spirit which enlisted the sympathy of our
people m behalf of those struggling for independ-
ence in Hungary. It has been manifested, sir,
on,several other occasions, and I trust that it will
never be restrained by law. Let it have its way.
Our people always sympathize with the weak and
the oppressed. They are not going to violate
the laws of nations. They are never guilty of
cruelty and oppression to the weak. " Ah, but,"
say some," wc do not hear of these expeditions
against the strong powers of Europe, against the
Government or England, or of Russia." Why?
Because the people of those countries are op-
posed to revolution and are contented with their
modes of government. They are only under-
taken to aid those who are struggling against des-
potic Governments to acquire for themselves the
liberty which we enjoy. Is it not right and prop-
er that American sympathy should be extended
to those thus situated ? Should you punish those
who venture to do what Lafayette did—go for-
ward and assist a struggling people ?
But, Mr. Chairman, I did not intend to say
much at this time. The condition of my voice
has not permitted me to do justice to this subject
or to myself. I ask the indulgence of the House
to say, that I have not offered this amendment
for the purpose of distracting public attention, nor
for the purpose of creating contests between this
party or that party. I have been actuated by no
unkind feelings towards the Administration, but
simply from a desire that this gi eat struggle, now
attracting the attention of, not the South alone,
but of thousands in the North, should receive full
and ample^consideration in this House, and that
we should meet the question and act upon it.
If the House is disposed to consider the law of
1818 as proper and light, I will acquiesce; but I
give notice to the country, I will not rest satisfied
until some action or some vote has been had upon
it,. I want to see some action upon it; and I hope
the vote upon this amendment will be considered
a test vote of favor or disfavor towards a modifi-
cation of the neutrality laws.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOiSES. I do not rise for
the purpose of taking issue with the honorable
gentleman from Mississippi, as to the points or
merits of his resolution. I understand that the
most distinguishing characteristic of our Govern-
ment is, that it is a Government of law—interna-
tional law, constitutional law, statute law, or com-
mon law. I say that, in the family of nations,
the most distinguishing characteristic of our Gov-
ernment is, that it is a Government of law. In
drawing, therefore, the resolution to refer that
portion of the President's message to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I had in my eye the fact
that, in a Government of law—m a Government
constituted as ours is—the Judiciary Committee
was the proper one to which to refer this matter.
What other committee in thisGovornmentis com-
petent to consider this question? I did not mean,
nor does the resolution mean, to imply any pre-
judged opinions upon the subject of the neutrality
laws. The honorablegcntleman from Mississippi,
however he may be inclined to restrict the poweis
of the Federal Government, will never admit that
this Government can fall beneath any other Gov-
ernment under the canopy of heaven in its charac-
ter of a Government of laws. Whatever may be
the limitation of its delegated powers by the re-
served powers of the States, I am certain the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will never doubt its just
power in the family of nations.
Now, I do not know that I differ from the hon-
orable gentleman from Mississippi upon the sub-
ject* of the neutrality laws. 1 mean to confine my
remarks exclusively to the question of reference.
But as the honorable gentleman from Mississippi
has chosen, at this stage of the proceedings, to go
into the merits of this question, I must set him
right on a few points that command my attention.
The gentleman says that the President, in his
annual message, recommends, instead of the re-
peal of the neutrality laws, (as' my honorable
friend would have it,) the enactment of more strin-
gent provisions for their enforcement. Nowt, my
honorable friend is mistaken, or I am, in the con-
struction he puts upon the language of the mes-
sage. It does not even indorse the present neu-
trality laws. But, sir, the Executive of this nation
tells you that if you want him, in obedience to
his oath of office, to execute your laws, you must
give him the power to carry them into effect.
Mr. QXTITiVlAN". If the gentleman will allow
me I will call his attention to the language of the
President in his message. He says:
I commend the whole subject to the serious attention
of Congress, believing that our duty and our interest, as
well as our national character, require that w® should
adopt such measuiC3 as will be effectual in restraining our
citizens from committing such outiage<5."
Now, sir, if the President, in this language, did
not intend to recommend the enactment of more
stringent laws upon the subject, but simply to ask
for additional executive powers, I shall be very
happy to learn that I was mistaken in the con-
struction I have placed upon it, and that the rec-
ommendation is not so objectionable as I supposed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Allow me to say
to my honorable friend from Mississippi, once
for all, that I do not undertake to speak for the
President. I speak merely of my construction
of the message of the President, as I understand
it, speaking as the Executive of the nation to the
legislative branch of the Government. I under-
stand the honorable gentleman from Mississippi
to take issue with the laws as they now stand
upon the statute-book. Well, sir, my point is,
that he must not infer that the President of the
United States will not concur with him—certainly
not that I shall not concur with him in a revision
of those laws. I lepcat, sir, that the proper con-
struction of the language of the President's mes-
sage which the gentleman has quoted is this.
The Piesident of the United States says to the
legislative branch of the Government: "If you
wish me to execute your laws, if you want me to
carry out the provisions of your statutes, you
must clothe me with greater power. I must have
more stringent legislation." But it docs not fol-
low - it is a non seqwtur to say—that because the
President of the United States says this he is not
in favor of the repeal or modification of the neu-
trality laws. I am not prepared to say how far
I shall be willing to go with the gentleman from
Mississippi in favor of such repeal or modifica-
tion when the question comes properly before us.
The honorable gentleman has no personal feel-
ing against the Executive; he can have none other
than in so far as he may perhaps differ from the
views the Executive has expressed. He has a
perfect right to differ from the Executive; but I
shall be happy if I can be able to satisfy his judg-
ment that the question as to the merits of the
neutrality laws lemains an open question. I do
not know yet how far I may be prepared to go
with the honorable gentleman upon this subject
when it legitimately comes before this body.
Mr. Chairman, perhaps there are gentlemen
here who wish to discuss the subject of the neu-
trality law of 1818; but, occupying the position
which I do, I feel it to be my duty to hasten
the action of the committees of this House upon
the appropriate sirbject-mattcrs of legislation em-
braced in the President's message. After having
made a brief reply to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, I shall speak to the question simply of
reference of these subjects to the appiopriute
committees. I look upon the Committee on the
Judiciary as the legitimate committee for the in-
vestigation of the matter alluded to; and, in so
believing, I am supported. I am happy to say, by
the honorable gentleman from Mississippi him-
self. I concur with the hororable gentleman m
every particular of his speech, and he should con-
curwith me m the question of reference. But the
gentleman asks for a special committee; a special
committee to pass upon the powers of this Gov-
ernment; a special committee to usurp ihejuiis-
diction of a standing committee which has existed
in this House since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. Special committees have ordinarily been
created when special subjects have arisen. They
have been created when an emergency, or a par-
ticular occasion, had given rise to a matter never
before settled by piecedent, and which legiti-
mately belonged to none of the regular standing
committees. In such cases the Speaker has been
authorized to appoint a special committee, to de-
vote its special attention to the particular and spe-
cial subject referred to it; but there is not a single
instance on record where the legitimate juiisdic-
tion of a standing committee of this House has
been usurped by, or transferred to, a special com-
mittee. On the contrary, it has been the uniform
practice of both branches of Congress, since the
beginning of the Government, to refer, for inves-
tigation and report, all questions pertaining to
international law, the constitutional or statute law,
and all questions pertaining to the functions and
powers of the Government and its officers, to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
But, sir, I want my honorable friend from Mis-
