1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
3-5th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps,
existence. Here it is; and I ask that it may be
read.
u That the Constitution and all the laws of the United
States which arc not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of Kansas
as elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth
section of the act prepaiatory to the admission of Missouri
into the Union, approved March 6,1820, which, being in-
consistent with the principle of non-intervention by Con-
gress with slavery in the States and Territories, as recog-
nized by the legislation of 18.")0, commonly called the com-
promise measures, is hereby declared inoperative and void,
it being the true intent and meaning of this act not to legis-
late slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude it
therefrom, but to leave the people perfectly free to form
their domestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States."
Here, sir, is the cause from whence has sprung
all our woes. Here, the error—deep, radical, and
fundamental. In what? In the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise; in the deliberate declaration
that the previous legislation of this Government
in regard to its Territories was unjust, oppres-
sive, and unconstitutional. I did not agree to that
repeal then—do not now. I did not assent to that
declaration then—do not now. I thought I saw
arms bristling all around the bill—I have seen it
realized.
The sovereignty of Congress over the Terri-
tories—the only true and legitimate sovereignty
—was discarded, and for what ? For the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill; for the principles of that bill
which has organized sectional parties, convulsed
the Territory of Kansas, deceived her people,
and is now here embodied in the Lecompton con-
stitution. Sir, this principle of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill
 " sent befoie its tune
Into this breathing world, scarce half made up,"
what is it ?—I have a right to ask. For its dis-
tinguished author and the Administration which
came into power upon its assumed principle dif-
fer widely as to its meaning and force. I have a
right to ask; for to-day, in a distant Territory,
forty thousand American citizens, our own blood,
and race, and lineage, are fearfully awaiting our
decision of its meaning. Does it mean that thirty-
one States,
" Long wandering, m ^ iId mazes, lo&t,*'
have groped their way into this Union, in utter
ignorance of the groat principles of this Govern-
ment—that as Territory after Territory has been
organized into States, their people had no concep-
tion of their duties and rights? Does it mean
that Kansas, by special favor, has had aright con-
ferred on her, and her people never before exer-
cised or enjoyed? Then I ask for the evidence.
Is it contained in her history ? Is it in the vote of
McGee ? Is that self-government ? Is it m the
returns from Johnson ? Ls tlmt non-inteivention ?
Is it in the Oxford fraud ? Is that popular .sover-
eignty? Sir, I feel " perfectly free" to say that
Kansas affords no interpretation of its meaning.
We must look elsewhere.
What, then, is the principle contained in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill ? Sir, it is " Janus" faced.
The advocates of the bill gave it two construc-
tions: one for the North, and one for the South;
both of which, I shall show, have been overtln own
and discarded by the Democratic pailyand the
Federal judiciary. What is the first? It is ter-
ritorial sovereignty. That is the right of the peo-
ple of the Territory, acting through their Terri-
torial Legislature, to establish or reject slavery.
Tins was the position of Mr. Douglas. That
there may be no mistake, 1 shall read from his
speech on the 3d of March, 1854:
" J will begin with the compromises of 1830. Any Sen-
ator who will tak*> the tioublc to examine our Journal will
find that on thf 25th of March of that year I reported, from
the Committee on Temtoneb, two bills, including the fol-
lowing measures: the admission of Cahiorma; a teirito-
ml government foi Utah; u lent tonal government foi New
Mexico ; and the adjustment of thoTe\as boundary. These
bills pioposed to leave the people of Utah and New Mexico
free to decide the slavery question for themselves, m the
piceisc language of the Nebraska bill, now under di>eu-?-
t-ion. A few weeks afterwauls the committee ot thirteen
took these two bills, and put a wafer between them, and
reported them back to the Senate as one bill, with tome
slight amendments. One of tho^e amendments was that the
Tkuritorhl Legislatures should not legislate on
tiie srbjrct of slavery. I objected to that provision, on
the ground that it m-bvlrted the op.eat vkinciple of
self o'ovfrnmi. vr. upon which the bill had been ougmaily
framed by tin' T'm 11tonal Committee. On the first trial the
Senate ic'iwd to imKt- it out; but Milv>equently did so,
after full debate, in oider to o^Tabli^h that punciple as the
rule ot action in'terntonal organization."
Such, sir, was the opinion of Mr. Douglas in
1854, and may be now; and not only his, but of
the Senate of the United States. Not only was
the right conceded upon full debate, on the Ne-
braska bill, to the Territorial Legislature to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery, but even the at-
tempt to deny the right was declared subversive of
the principle of self-government. Now, sir, I am
no advocate for territorial sovereignty. I never be-
lieved m the doctrine, and do not now. States are
sovereign—not Territories. But I insist that the
Democratic party shall not disown and repudiate
its acknowledged principle; and, more especially,
when to do so subverts the principles of self-gov-
ernment.
But, sir what do we find ? What, but the com-
plete abandonment of the principle of territo-
rial sovereignty, discarded, overthrown—and by
whom? By the Supreme Court of the United
States, and its action indorsed by the Democratic
party. So that here, as well as in Kansas, a blow
was struck against the principles of self-govern-
ment. Territorial sovereignty with that blow
ceased to exist. Let its body pass from our sight.
But to the second—the real tangible principle of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, universally recognized
by the Democratic party as the only principle
contained in the bill. It is this:
1. That Congress has no power to legislate upon
the subject of slavery in the Territories.
2. That the people of the Territories, acting
through their Territorial Legislatures, have no
power to legislate upon the subject of slavery.
3. That the Constitution establishes and pro-
tects slavery in all the Territories of the United
States; and that the people can only decide upon
the question of slavery when they form their con-
stitution, and even this last right has been ren-
dered impossible by the Federal judiciary, and
virtually denied, upon this floor, by the Demo-
cratic party.
What is the effect of this policy ? It is simply
this: that every foot of soil belonging to the Uni-
ted States—that all the Terri tones—Kansas,Utah,
New Mexico, Washington, Dakotah, all, every
inch, no matter where, North or South, is slave
soil. That the Constitution, which you and I
have been taught to believe was ordained to es-
tablish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure ths blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, has yet another object
and end, and that is to build up States of slavery
and empires of oppression. Such is the doctrine
of the day. I discard it; I repudiate it! Nor am
I alone in the rejection and repudiation of the doc-
trine. The North, whoso gieat heart has ever beat
true to the Union, repudiates the doctrine; the
dead and the living testify against the doctrine.
Daniel Webster, sir, Daniel Webster, the defender
of the Constitution, has loft his opinion on this
subject on record, to be read of all men. I have
it here:
<< Let iric say, that m this general sense, there is no such
tiling as e.\temlni£ the Constitution. The Con-tminon is
extended over the United States, and noUnn<r else. It can-
not be extended ovei anything except the old States and the
new Hiates that shall come in heiealter, when they do c omo
in. Theie is a want of aecuiacv of ideas m thi^ le^pfct,
that is finite remarkable among eminent gentlemen, and es-
pecially piofessional and j udicial men. It seems to be taken
tor "lanted that the light ol trial byjuty, the habeas corpus,
a.id every principle designed to protect personal liberty, is
extended"by force of the Constitution itself, over every new
Territory. "That proposition cannot be maintained at all.
How do you arrive at it by any reasoning or deduction ? It
can only be ainved at by the loo&e>t of all possible construc-
tions. It i  said that this must be so, eKc the n6 lit of habeas
corpus would bo lost. Undoubtedly the*o right* mu=t be
conferred by law before they can be enjoyedm a Territory."
To the same cffect, Mr. Cass, in 1854, said:
<• But you cannot put yonr linger on the power thoieby
ceded to carry slaves into oik new Ten none--. the
Constitution give authority to mterfWer No. The woid
sdave is not to be fuuml m that instrument."
Again, Mr. Benton says:
u We have had some slave Termories—Missouri, Arkan-
sas, Florida—into which that property was carried. Was
it done under the Constitution ? No; but urulei tbeteiu-
lorial law; sanctioned, not by the Constitution, but by Con-
gress, and governed .iftei it £ot tbcin by the teiutoiut! law.
No one carried the State law with hnn. Tie leit that be-
hind. and took what he found in the Teiritoiy."
And not only Mr. Webster, Mr. Cass, and
Mr. Benton; but I hold m my hand a similar dec-
| laration, made m the Senate of tin; United States
j by one who, living, I admired above all in<^i—
| dead, I still preserve and cheri&h as a sacred hci-
itage to his memory—I mean Henry Clay. I read
from his speech on the compromise bill;
" T take it for granted that what I have said will satisfy
the Senate of that first truth, thatslavery does not exist there
(Utah and New Mexico) by law, unless slavery was earned
there the moment the treaty was ratified by the two parties
to the treaty, under the operation of the Constitution of the
United States. Now, really I must say, that the idea'eo
instanti" upon the consummation of the treaty the Consti-
tution of the United States spread itself over the acquired
territory, and carried along with it the institution of slavery,
is so irreconcilable with every comprehension or any reason
which I possess, that I hardly know how to meet it."
So spoke those distinguished statesmen; and I
prefer to err, if error it be, in such company, than
approve and indorse the opinion of the Federal
court, which'is alike repulsive to every principle
of humanity and subversive of all ideas Of justice.
But, let us look more closely at this doctrine.
Not only does it establish slavery in all the Ter-
ritories, but it goes still further: it overthrows
and subverts the last vestige of popular sover-
eignty. Has not this been illustrated in Kansas
—the schedule and the Lecompton constitution ?
For, if slavery goes with the Constitution into the
Territories, will it not gradually, but certainly,
become a part and portion of the social and polit-
ical systems of the Territories ? Is it not so with
Kansas to-day? And if so, how can the people be
free to adopt or reject slavery when they form
their constitution? In no sense can the people be
" perfectly free," or free in any maimer. They
arc called upon to decide as to an institution al-
ready established—established by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and when they decide,
what does it amount to? That slavery shall no
longer exist? No! simply, that no more slaves
shall be introduced into the State so to be organ-
ized. But, what of the slaves already there—car-
ried there, as is alleged, by the Constitution of the
United States? How can the decision of the peo-
ple affect them? Are the slaves of the Territory
still to remain slaves in the State? Is the slavery,
alleged to bo established by the Constitution of
the United States, still to continue in the State?
" Certainly !"respondsthe President. What say
the slaveholders of the South, and those interested
in its perpetuation > "Certainly! it is a vested
right." If so, it is not only absurd, but emphat-
ically untrue, to say that the people are free to
form their constitution, at any time, upon the
question of slavery.
But this policy now governs and controls the
country. Will it continue, and become the fixed
policy? If so, then the last free State is now
added to the Union.
I now come immediately to Kansas. When
that Territory was organized, her people, not only
by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, but by every prin-
ciple of our Government and its-whole system,
! were entitled, first, to suffrage; second, the right
! of representation; third, the right of legislation;
i arid fourth, the light to frame her constitution in
! her own way.
j 1 now declare that each and every one of these
' rights have been denied—wrested from (he people
| of Kansas from the day of her organization to the
* presentation of the Lecompton constitution in this
j House, and up to the present hour.
j Let me again state these rights: suffrage, rep-
! resentation ^legislation,and the right to form their
I own constitution. These were the rights of the
I people of Kansas, Now for the proof that these
j rights have been denied.
j It is an admitted fact, that with us the people
j arc the source of all political power. How is this
•power to be exercised and delegated? By suf-
; fras;c 1 Then, beyond all doubt, the highest ex-
j prension of the power of a free people is in the
I elective franchise. It is the true, 44 popular sov-
i! ereignty."
!: Sir, in Athens, her citizens stoned to death the
!' inltuder upon the councils of her people. Deny
j: this right, no matter how, by force or fraud, and
•; you enslave a people. Apply this, then, to Kan-
i! sas, and what is the result?
ii I ask, when, where, how, and at what time,
!; and in what manner, have her people ever exer-
j! cised the right of suffrage ? Hid they in the elec-
j; tion for Delegate' Did they in the first election
II for a Territorial Legislature? Did they, in the
|; election for members of the constitutional conven-
j; tion? No, sir; at neither. At the first election
I i one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine ille-
.. £T8l votes were cast; at the second,four thousand
