1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
by Licinius Stolo, about the year of Rome 386, forbidding
any Roman citizen to hold more than five hundred acres of
land, or to have on his estate moie than one hundred great
and five hundred small cattle, and requiiing that a certain
number offreemen should be employed to cultivate the farms.
" But, notwithstanding these piecautions, the Liciman
law (observed for some time to the great benefit of the
public) fell at length under a total disuse. The rich and
mighty continued to possess themselves of the lands of
their poor neighbors." " To cultivate the farms they em-
ployed foreign slaves. So that Italy was in danger of losing
its inhabitants of free condition, (who had no encourage-
ment to marry, no means to educate children,) and of being
overrun with slaves, and barbarians, that had neither affec-
tion for the Kepubhc nor interest in her preservation."
"Tibenus Gracchus, now a tribune of the people, under-
took to remedy these disoiders;" * * * * "and
to soften the matter, Tiberius not only pioposed to remit
the fines hitherto ineuircd by the t) aggressors of the Liein-
ian law, but also, out of tiie public money, to pay to the
present possessors the price of the lands that wore to be
taken from them." " Never (says Plutarch) was proposed
a law more mild and gentle against iniquttvand oppres-
sion." For these weie public lands of which the uch had
taken possession with their slaves ; " yet the rich made a
mighty clamor about the haidship of being stnpt of their
houses, their lands, their inheritances, the burial places of
their ancestors, the unspeakable confusion such innova-
tions would pioduce, the estates in question (acquired by
robbery) being settled upon the wives and children of the
possessors; and to raise an odium against Giaecbus, they
gave out that ambition, not a view to the public good, had
put him upon this project." * * * * "The
poor, on the other hand, complained of the extreme indi-
gence to which they were reduced, and of their inability to
bring up children. They enumeiated the many battles
they had fought in defense of the Republic, notwithstand-
ing which, they were allowed no shaie of the public lands;
nay, the usurpers, to cultivate them,, choose rather to em-
ploy slaves than citizens of Rome. Giacchus's view was
not to make poor men rich, but to strengthen the Republic
by an increase of useful members, upon winch he thought
the safety and welfare of Italy depended. The irisuriee-
tion and war of the slaves m Sicily, who were not yet
quelled, furnished him with sufficient argument for expati-
ating on the danger of filling Italy with slaves."
" On the dav when the tubes met to determine concerning
the Jaw, the Tribune maintaining his cause, which was m
itself just and noble, with an eloquence that would have set
off a bad one, appeared to his adver«anes ternble and ine-
sistible. He asked the rich whether they prejerred a slave
to a citizen ; a man unqualified to serve m war to a soldier ;
an alien to a member of the Republic; and which they
thought would be more zealous for its interests? Then as
to the miseries of the poor, he said: 'The wild beasts or
Italy have caves and dens to shelter them ; but the people
who expose their lives for the defense of Italy, are allowed
nothing but the light and air. They wandei up and down
with their wives and children, without house, and without
habitation. Our generals mock the soldiers ; when in bat-
tle, they exhorttheni to fight foi their sepuicher-* and their
household gods; for, amongst all that great number of Ro-
mans, there is not one who has either a domestic altai or a
sepulcher for his ancestors. They light and die, solely to
maintain the riches and luxury of otheis, and aie styled the
lords of the universe, while they have not a single foot of
ground in their possession.'" \
After much resistance from the Patricians, the j
Tribune finally procured the passage of the law: i
" And it being resolved that Triumvirs, or thiee conimis-
doners, should be consulted for the execution of it, the
people named to that employment, Tiberius himself, his
father-in-law Appius Claudius, and Caius Giacchus, who
at this time was m Spain, seiving under Suspio in the Nu-
rnatine war. These Triumvirs were to examine and jud^e
what, lands belonzedto the public, as well as to make the in-
tended distribution of them."
Before the law cou^cl be put into operation Ti-
berius was assassinated in the Senate House by-
certain Senators "who possessed much of the
public lands and were extremely unwilling to part
with them." These Senators, it is said by the
historian, were aided by their clients and slaves,
and the blow " which probably dispatched him,
he received from a man named L. Rufus, who
afterwards gloried in the action." Cicero, who
was the orator and partisan of the oligarchy, and
whose false.glosses in regard to these transactions
have been followed by all the historians in the in-
terest of the privileged orders, was himself con-
strained to admit
" That Tiberius Gracchus came nothing short of the vir-
tue of his father, or Ins grandfather Afucanus, but in tins,
that he forsook the party oj the Senate."
Sallust, the great and perspicacious historian,
in a letter to the greatest general and statesman of
the Romans, Julius Caesar, exhorting htm to re-
store the Commonwealth, gives in a single sen-
tence the whole history of Rome, after the Ro-
man people were robbed of all ownership in the
soil to feed the grandeur and employ the slaves
of the nobility. He says, and I desire to mark
the sentence:
" Men of the lowest rank, whether oecupyirigtheir farms
at home or serving m the war*, were amplv satisfied them-
selves, and "arc ample satisfaction to then country, so long
as they po-es>ed what was sufficient to Mibsist them. Hut
when," beins tin u 4 <>ul of po-^es-.ion oi thou lands by a grad-
ual u- u! pation, tlK-y, thiongh indigence and idleness, (hav-
ing nothing to do,) could no longer have any fixed abodes,
then they began to covet the wealth of other men, and to
put tiieir own liberty and the Commonwealth to sale."
The law procured by Tiberius Gracchus has
been denounced by all the writers in the interest
of the privileged classes from that day to this as
an agrarian law, a law to take from the rich and
to give to the poor, when the fjet is, Mr. Chair-
man, that it was a law to distribute among the
people the lands which belonged to the public; and
now a similar attempt is made by the party of
oligarchs in this country to seize the Territories
of this Government and plant them with slaves
to the exclusion of freemen, and they follow the
example of their Roman prototypes and denounce
those who oppose them in their schemes as Free-
Soilers. I do not know but that the term " agra-
rian," taken in its true sense, might well stand
for a translation of the term " Free-Soiler." In
that sense, in the sense of distributing to the
people the lands which belong to them, I have no
hesitation in accepting the designation; and to
show that there is as great necessity for this
measure now as there was at the time when Ti-
berius Gracchus described the destitution of the
Roman people, who made that Republic the mis-
tress of the world, I will read from some high
authorities in regard to the condition of the non-
slaveholding white men of the South, who con-
stitute a large majority of its citizens, i shall
quote first the language of the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay.] He is giving an account, in
a speech made 111 Alabama, of the,condition of
his own State, and more particularly of his own
county. He says:
" In traversing that count}', one will discover numerous
farm houses, once the abode of industrious and intelligent
freemen, now occupied by slaves or tenantless, deserted,
and dilapidated; he will observe fields, once fertile, now
unfeneed, abandoned, and covered with those evil harbin-
geis, fox-tail and btoomsedge; he will sec the moss grow-
ing'bn the moldermg walls of once thiifty villages, and
will find e one only master grasps, the whole domain,' that
once furnished happy homes for a dozen white families."
This is the language of a distinguished Senator
from Alabama, describing his own county, and I
should suppose that if that gentleman knew any-
thing at all, he would know the condition of the
county m which he resides. Nor is it to be sup-
posed that he would exaggerate that which is by
no means flattering to his county or his State.
Mr. William Gregg, in a paper before the South
Carolina Institute, handling the same subject, re-
marks:
" Any man who is an observer of things could hardly pass
through our country without being sti tick with the tact that
all the capital, enterpiiso, and intelligence is employed m
directing slave labor; and the consequence is, that a large
poition of oui poor white people are wholly neglected, and
ate suffered to while away an existence m a state but one
step in advance of the Indian of the foiest. It is an evil of
va<-t magnitude, and nothing but a change in public senti-
ment will ellect its cure."
I propose to read what was said in the Vir-
ginia Legislature in 1832, by a gentleman who is
now a distinguished member of this House, [Mr.
Faulkner.] He says:
" Slavery, it is admitted, i«t an evil. It is an institution
which prc<scs heavily a<nmst the best interest* ofthe State.
Jt bamshes fiee white labor; it exteimmate-? the mechanic,
the artisan, the inanufactuier; it depnves them of occupa-
tion ; it deprives them of bread; it eonveits the energy of
a community into indolence, its power into mibccihfy, its
efficiency into weakness. Sir, being thus injurious, have
we not a right to demand its exteiinmation ? Shall society
suffer. that the slaveholder may continue to gather his crop
of human fle-h ? What is his mere pecuniary claim, coin-
paied witn the gieat interests of the common weal ? Must
the countrv languish, droop, die, that the slaveholder may
fioun&h ? Snail all interests be sulnei vient to one—all rights
subordinate to tho-e of the slaveholder? Has not the me-
chanic. have not the middle clause*, then lights—rights in-
compatible with the existence of slavery ?"
And now, sir, I shall conclude these quotations
by reading from another very distinguished south-
ern gentleman, who has recently been chosen
from the very elite of the chivahy of South Car-
olina to represent his State in the most august
and dignified body hi the land—I refer to Gov-
ernor Hammond. Here is his testimony as to
their condition, in an address before the South
Carolina Institute, in 1850:
"They obtain a precarious subsistence by occasions
job-;, hv hunting, by fishing, by pfundeiing fields or folds,
and too oiten by what is in its effects far worse -trading
with slaves, and seducing them to plundei for their benefit.
I do not know whether this picture is an accu-
rate one or not. If is not true when applied to
the skive States in which I have resided. It is
not true, where slavery obtains nominally, or
where the slaves are few; and especially it is not
true of the city and county which I represent upon
this £oor. The working men-and mechanics of
St. Louis have too just a sense of- the dignity of
their own employments to permit themselves to
be degraded by the competition of negro slaves.
A man might as well attempt to educate his negro
for the legal profession as to attempt to put him-
at a mechanical trade in competition with ths
mechanics of my district. But, siri if it be true"
in regard to those remote southern States where
the slaves fill every industrial avocation and em-
ploy ment, why did the Carolinian stop short in h-is
heart-rending description? "Why did he not ex-
claim with the Roman tribune," shall we prefer
our slaves to the citizens of the Republic; men in-
capable of bearing arms to soldiers?" Unless
some voice shall speak that language in tones that
will be heard by the people, the history of this
country will be written in a sentence, similar'to
that I have read from Sallust. If by gradual usurp-
ation the people are thrust out of their lands by
this dominating oligarchy, they will, as they did
in Rome,'4 put their own liberty and the Common
wealth to sale."
It is very clear that the Senator from South
Carolina does not prefer the citizens of the Re-
public to his slaves. He has, in his recent speech,
shown that he was the mouthpiece of the privil-
eged classes—the Cicero of this new oligarchy,
and not a tribune of the people. In that speech
he says:
"The Senator from New York said yesterday that the
whole world had abolished slavery. Ay, the name, but not
the thing; and all the powers of the eaith cannot abolish it.
God only can do it when lie repeals the fiat,(the poor ye
always have with you ;> for the man who lives by daily labor;
• and scarcely lives at that, and who has to put out hisiabor
m the market and take the best he can get for it; in short,
your whole class of manual laborers and operatives,as you
call them, are slaves. The difference between us is, that
our slaves are hired for life and well compensated ; there is
no starvation, no begging, no want of employment among
our people, and not too much employment either. Yours
are hired by the day, not cared for, and scantily compen-
sated, which maybe proved in the mostdeplorable manner,
at any fiour, m any &treet in any of your large towns."
* * * ****-«
"Your slaves are white, of your own race ; you are broth-
ers of one blood. They are your equals in natural endow-
ment of intellect, and they feel galled by their degradation.
Our slaves do not vote. We give them no political power.
Yours do vote, and being the majority, they are the depos-
itaries of all your political power. If they knew the tie-
mendous secret, that 'the ballot-bov is stronger than an
army with bayonets, and could combine, where would you
be? Your society would be reconstructed, your govern-
ment reconstructed, your property divided, not as they have
mistakenly attempted to initiate such proceedings by meet-
ing in parks, with arms in their hands, but by the quiet pro-
cess of the ballot-box. You have been making wai* upon
us to onv very hearth-stones. How would you like for us to
send lecturers or agitators North; to teach these people
this, to aid and assist in combining, and to lead them I
"Mr. Wilson and others. Send them along.
"Mr. Hammond. You say, send them North. There is no
need of that. They are coming here. They arc thunder-
ing at our doors for homesteads of one hundred and sixty
acre1-* of land for nothing, and southern Senators are sup-
portingit." * * * * "Transientand temporary
causes have thus far been your preseivation. The great
West lias been open to your surplus population, and your
hordes of semi barbarian emigrants, who are crowding in.
year by year. They make a great movement, and you call
it progiess."
Sir, he prefers his slaves to the citizens of the
Republic, and would have the latter deprived of
the right of elective franchise, as his negro slaves
are. He denounces the man who lives by daily
labor, and the whole class of manual laborers and
operatives, as slaves. He characterizes our for-
eign population as a horde of semi-barbarous em-
igrants, and he would deny them a share of the
public lands upon which to build their homes,
and educate their children. How would this gen-
tleman have appeared leading the Democratic
column in the days of General Jackson's admin-
istration? Why, sir, there would have been some-
body else read out of that party—rather different
persons from those who are now being read out.
If this is Democratic doctrine, it is a novel doc-
trine to me, though I have been reared a Demo-
crat. I make no complaint, however, of having
been read out of the party. I should as soon think
of complaining of being read out of a chain-gang.
[Laughter.] It is not a Democracy which I should
wish to sustain, by any means. I have always
understood that Democracy concerns itself more
about personal rights than about rights of prop-
erty—the rights of individuals rather than those
of monopolizing institutions. In this I may be
mistaken, and certainly I am mistaken, if the
revelations under this new dispensation are to be
received.
