246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
nine hundred and eight; at the third, one half,
nay, more than half of the Territory was disfran-
chised. So, then, the highest right of an Amer-
ican citizen has been denied to the people of Kan-
sas; the right of suffrage, without which there
cannot be a free government; and this, too, in a
manner and by means which have dishonored the
American name.
The second right, that of representation. I
deny that the people of that Territory ever had,
prior to 1857, delegates of their own choice and
selection, the result of their own free will. Look
at the delegates c/f the Legislature of 1855. How
came they there? By the voice of the people of
Kansas? By no means. I am safe when I say
that their election was the result of an almost uni-
versal overthrow of the rights of actual citizens
in the Territory. Sir, scarcely a member of that
body held his seat cxcept by certificates obtained
by fraud. There were eighteen districts in which
the people of Kansas were to elect their first Le-
gislature. If ever there was a time when they
should have been left " perfectly free to regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way," it
was then; but were they? Farotherwise. Armed
men!—why armed ? what men .'—entered the Ter-
ritory, and usurped the rights of the actual citi-
zens, and by their own votes elected the members
of that Legislative Assembly. Point to me, if
you can, another such outrage. Look at all the
other Territories, from the day of their organiza-
tion to their admission into the Union, running
backhalfacentury,and thereisnoparallel. Thus,
this right, dear to every American citizen, was
violated, and the people of Kansas denied a rep-
resentation.
And now I appeal to Virginia, true and loyal
to liberty in the days of the Revolution; true and
loyal, I trust, to the Union now—I appeal to Vir-
ginia, if such an invader should stand in such a
manner upon her soil to strike down her rights and
dictate her laws, if every true son would not arise,
perish, or repel from her borders her invaders?
I appeal to South Carolina, so quick and im-
patien t of wrong, real or imagi ned, would sh c have
quietly submitted to have her ancient privileges
seized,and her sovereignty trampled under foot?
Would she have tamely borne such a wrong ? No,
never! while the memories of the Revolution still
linger with her people. But Kansas was weak
and defenseless; her citizens few and wide apart;
the shadow of Executive interference fell but to
wither and prostrate her power, and to day that
power seeks to force upon her people a constitu-
tion to which a clear and undisputed majority is
uncompromisingly opposed.
But the third right of an American citizen—the
right of legislation, to enact, through their legally
elected representatives, their own laws: have the
people of Kansas had this right? No, sir! How
could they, when suffrage was denied? How,
when they had no choice as to the delegates? Let
us look to the record. Laws, to be obeyed, must
always reflect the wishes and feelings of those to
be governed by them. What was the character
of the laws of this Territory, passed by the usurp-
ing Legislature ? I do not speak of thegreat body,
but particularly of those in regard to slavery :
what were they, and what their character? Were
they just and humane? No, sir; no! It was fel-
ony to write, felony to speak, felony to publish,
felony to print, and felony to circulate, anything
against the institution of slavery; and not only
that, but test oaths of the most repulsive cliaiac-
tor were imposed. Would you ask obedience to
such laws? Would you ask a majority to sub-
mit to such enactments? Would you ask submis-
sion from the people of Kansas, when you well
knew that a majority of her people were opposed
to that institution? If so, you very much mis-
take them, for they did refuse obedience. They
refused, and I rejoice that they did. They resist
still,and you may go and tell your President that
they will continue to resist. Ay, sir, go tell him
that he may place armed soldiers in the door-
ways of every dwelling in Kansas; he may tram-
ple down beneath the feet of his dragoons her
unoffending citizens; he may force through this
House a constitution they abhor, and have re-
jected by ten thousand majority; he may do all
this, but when he has accomplished his work, he
still has not conquered nor crushed her people,
nor compelled their obedience to unjust laws and
a fraudulent constitution. Something, sir, must
be pardoned to the spirit of liberty.
Having thus, Representatives, shown that pop-
ular sovereignty and territorial sovereignty have
been completely subverted by the Federal judi-
ciary, and having shown in Kansas that practi-
cally the same principle of self-government and
popular sovereignty has been overthrown—first,
in the election of a Delegate not their own choice;
second, in the election of members of the Legis-
lature by armed men not citizens of the Territory;
third, in a code of laws repulsive and not sanc-
tioned by the popular voice, I ask your consider-
ation of the last act of usurpation—the result of
three years of mal-administration and fraud—the
Lecompton constitution. What is a constitution ?
It is a system of fundamental rules, principles,
and ordinances for the government of a State. In
the State, it is the supreme law. Whence does
it receive its vitality? From the source of all
power—the people. Hence, the great question
for us to decide is, is this the constitution of the
people of Kansas? Is this their embodied su-
preme law ? If it is, admit Kansas; if not, reject
this constitution. How shall this be determined ?
How shall we arrive at correct conclusions ? Ry
restricting ourselves to the Lecompton conven-
tion, and its acts alone? By inquiring simply
whether the assumed principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill have been violated? By no means;
but by wider investigations, if need be, embra-
cing the whole histoi y of the Teriitory. Nothing
should bo overlooked which would throw light
upon this question. I repeat, then, is this the con-
stitution of the people of Kansas? No! itisnot
of the people, nor from the people. If so, why
the indignant protest of the 4th of January ? Why
the strange phenomenon of the people of a whole
Territory rising up and uniting themselves m op-
position to this measure? No, sir; the constitu-
tion is a fraud. It is the work of a minority, and
a fraudulent minority at that; the offspring of
force, violence, bloodshed,invasion,usurping Le-
gislatures, illegal acts of those Legislatures, and,
above all, executive oppression. Is the proof de-
manded ? Sir, it is strewn along the pathway of
Kansas,
" Thick as autumnal leaves that sttcw the brooks
[n Va 11 o!nI>i o:i'
It is a part of her public history. That history
is not " hid in a corner." Its pages are open to
all; and ho is willfully blind who will not see for
himself. If, then, this is not the constitution
which her people wish, shall it receive the indorse-
ment of Congress? This is the main question.
Here it must be met, and here answered. This is
the last tribunal. For myself, 1 answer, reject
this constitution. Why? For the reason, first,
that the Lecompton convention was an unauthor-
ized, illegal, ami irresponsible body. What was its
foundation? The act of the Legislature of 1856.
Here is the source. And what is it worth ? What
respect are the acts of that Legislatme entitled to ?
None whatever. It was ail illegal Legislature; it
began, as I have already shown, in the overthrow
of free suffrage, and ended in fraud. How, then,
can validity be given to its acts? The recogni-
tion of the President cannot; the recognition of
Governor Geary cannot; nor yet can that of Gov-
ernor Walker; no recognition can give validity
to fraud. It vitiates everything it touches, and
therefore vitiates the Legislature of 1856. If the
Legislature was illegal, then was also the con-
vention. The one supports the other; the consti-
tution rests upon the Legislature, and the Legisla-
ture upon fraud. A beautiful foundation, indeed,
whereon to build the glorious fabric of a State! In-
dorse this constitution, and what then? You in-
dorse the legality of the Legislature, and declare
that the people of Kansas have been perfectly free
to govern themselves "in their own way." I
shall give no such indorsement — utter no such
declaration. To me the one would be a disgrace,
the other a falsehood. I prefer to speak of it with
truth; and, so speaking, say that the Legislature
of 1856 and the Legislature of 1855 both had then-
existence in the violated rights of the people of
Kansas; that their laws have no validity, and are
not entitled to the respect of this House or the
people of that Territory. But, if the Legislature
was even legal, what then ? What authority had
it to authorize and establish a government? Cer-
tainly not in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; that sim-
ply was the organic act of the Territory; and to
assert that the authority is derived from the or-
ganic act is to assert that the Legislature can set
aside, subvert, and overthrow the very act from
which it derives its existence. What called into
existence the Legislature of Kansas? The organic
act. What powers of legislation are granted to the
Legislature? Such as are conferred by the organic
act,and none other; and nowhere lias it conferred
the power to create a new government. All the
government that Kansas had or could have was
the Kansas-Nebraska bill. This was the charter
of her rights. No Legislature could go beyond
it; neither could the people of Kansas, except by
permission of Congress.
It is clear, then, that the law authorizing the con-
stitutional convention was beyond the power of
the Legislature of Kansas, and the convention itself
that assembled at Lecompton was unauthorized,
and the constitution amounts to nothing more than
a petition—a petition for the redress of grievances.
Sir, if the petitions of the people of Kansas had
been respected years ago, we should not now be
compelled to redress this sorest of all grievances
—the Lecompton constitution. But I deny that
it even amounts to a petition. Who are the peti-
tioners? Arc they the people of Kansas? Are they
even the agents of the people of Kansas? No, sir:
the people repudiated both the Legislature and
the convention. Representatives, will you do less ?
But, sir, the people of Kansas did petition—peti-
tioned through the Topcka constitution. Op-
pressed and broken down—disheartened and dis-
couraged, crushed with unjust laws—within sight
of their burning houses, and surrounded by a paid
hireling soldiery, they met and petitioned; they
sent it here, and it was rejected. I only ask the
same fate for this Lecompton constitution, and I
shall be content.
But I object to this constitution for another
cause—that is, slavery. And what of slavery m
the Lecompton constitution? Why, sir, it comes
to us in its most detestable form; not bold and de-
fiant, as if right, but shielding itself behind the
forms of law, and skulking behind fraud and for-
geryforitsprotection. Wiiatfurther? Atthevery
outset it announces a proposition, so untrue, and
utterly at variance with justice and humanity, that
had it not been preceded by the opinion of the Su-
preme Court, I should have come to the conclusion
that all human fanaticism and refined indifference
to the rights of man had found an appropriate ref-
uge in the Lecompton convention. What is the
proposition? The inviolability of property in hu-
maji beings; and you and I, and all of us, have so
todeclare,orrejectthisconstitution. And notonly
is property in a slave, and his increase forever, in-
violable, but before and higher than any consti-
tutional sanction. Approve this proposition, and
whatfollows? Universal slavery. State lines will
be no protection; State constitutions will be no
shield; State rights no guard: slaves as property
will be as secure in the sixteen free States as in
the fifteen slave States; for it assumes that slave
property is not. and cannot be made, an excep-
tion or governed by different rules than any other
property I dissent wholly.
Why, sir, if slavery and "the right to hold slaves
are before and higher than any constitutional sanc-
tion, why not make the issue ? Why evade itby
claiming,wherever it can be done, " constitutional
sanction?" Come, we accept the challenge. Erase
from this Lecompton constitution the " consti-
tutional sanction" of slavery, and you will dis-
arm, to a great extent, opposition to its reception.
Erase from the constitution of Arkansas, South
Carolina, and otherslaveholdingStates, the " con-
stitutional sanction " of slavery, and you will offer
a tribute to humanity. Erase from the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the "constitutional sanc-
tion" of the recapture of fugitives from service,
and, sir, the conscience and the duty of the North
will no longer conflict. Ah! gentlemen of the
South, I advise you to ding to "constitutional
sanctions," and not trust yourselves and your
property upon the uncertain tenure of inviolability.
Now, I hold this to be true: that slavery is merely
a local institution, and that slaves are held and
governed by the laws of the several States that
recognize its existence. With them I and we
have nothing to do. It is conceded that slavery
in the States is beyond the interference of the
Federal Government, or the States, or the peo-
