198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
into by some committee that will report. I agree
entirely with the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that we live under a Government of taw. Every-
thing that he has said upon that subject meets my
hearty assent. I think that when there is diffi-
culty about laws, either in their construction or
in their defects, they had better be looked into by
the legislators. That is our business.
I do not intend, now, sir, to go into an argu-
ment upon the question which has been sprung
upon us to-day. I intend to wait until I can hear
from the Executive, in response to the resolution
which we passed yesterday. But, I take this oc-
casion to say, in advance of a reply from the
Executive, that under my understanding of what
are called the neutrality laws—but laws which
bear no such name upon their faces or in their
titles—under the laws which set forth offenses
against the United States, or crimes against the
united States, I do not understand that in this
case, there has been any offense committed against
the United States, or any crime, or, even, any
violation of those laws. But, if others think that
those laws have been violated, in this particular
case, I wish, for one, that those laws should be
amended; 1 wish that some committee should
inquire into the matter.
i take occasion, also, to say in advance, sir,
that if it be true tint a naval officer of the United
States has gone upon a foreign soil and arrested
citizens of a foreign country, or American citi-
zens, and deprived them of their liberty, deprived
them of their property, it was a great outrage,
unjustified by law or the semblance of law; and
such officer, sir, needs the reprimand of his su-
perior official. Assuggcsted by a gentleman near
me, naval officer's cannot expound these inter-
national laws.
I will give the reasons very briefly—for I did
not expect to address the. House at all—why I
make this assertion, and it is not made without
thought and reflection; our international laws, as
they are termed, as I read them, give the Presi-
dent, give the naval authorities of this Govern-
ment, no authority whatever to interfere with any
citizen of the United States outside of a marine
league from the coast of the United States. If
any gentleman will hand me the law I will r-ad it.
Mr. J. GLA NCY J OjNKS. I admit that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well, sir;
T state the law from the book, and it is conceded
that I om correct.
Mr. FAUX.KNER. I do not concede that to
be the proper construction of the law.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Virginia does not concede that to be a proper
construction of the law. It is my construction.
Here is the law. The seventh section provides
that the district court " shall take cognizance of
complaints, by whomsoever instituted, in cases of
captures made within the waters of the United
States, or within a marine league of the coast or
shore thereof." Now, the eighth section provides
that in every case of the capture of a ship or ves-
sel 1( within the jurisdiction or protection of the
United States, as before defined," and in every
ease in which a process, and so forth, shall issue
from any court, of the United States, and bo dis-
obeyed, and so forth—mark you, sir, " within the
jurisdiction and protection of the United States,
as before defined,"—the President is authorized
to use the land anil naval forces. Now, sir, under
what other section of the law does the President
get the power to use the laud and naval forces?
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 do not know that I disagree
with the gentleman from (reoigia, but I desire to
hear his opinion or construction of a particular
clause in the eighth section, to which lie has not
yet referred.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is it?
Mr. BOCOCK. The eighth section goes on to
say that the President of the United States shall,
for certain specified purposes, have command of
the Army and Navy; and then comes in this
clause, which is a separate and distinct one:
"And, aiso. [that is; sbaii also have the use of the Army
and Navy,J for the purpose ot prfvrntin^the currying on ot
any such expedition or enteip.ise from the teintory of the
United States, against the territory or dominion of any for-
eign pmi'ce or St.ue, or of any colony, district, or people with
whom the XTnitefl States are at pi-ace."
That is to say, the President shall have the use
of the Army and Navy to prevent the carrying on
ofanysuchenterpriseorexpedition from the coast
of the United States agsinpt any foreign nation
with whom we arc at peace. Under that law, I
feel myself at liberty to state that vessels have
been captured in mid-ocean—not for the purpose
of trial—because the jurisdiction of the district
court does not extend beyond the distance from
shore alluded to by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] But, sir, vessels have been ar-
rested underthese circumstances,and turned back
for the purpose of preventing them making a de-
scent upon a nation with which we were at peace.
Mr. STEPHENS,ofGeorgia. When? When?
Mr. BOCOCK. A gentleman, whom I con-
sider good authority, has informed me that it has
been repeatedly done.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want to know
when ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I would say to the gentleman
that I am not prepared at this moment to refer to
any specific instance. I repeat, however, that I
have been informed from good authority that
such instances have occurred; and I have no doubt
that when the question comes up regularly for con-
sideration , I shall be able to cite the gentleman to
instances which have occurred such as I have
mentioned.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would say that, on in-
quiring of a gentleman who ought to have a
knowledge on the point—a very high official—
he stated to me that no case of the sort had ever
occurred within his knowledge since the act of
1818. But he did remark that it had been con-
strued, ever since 1818, as giving this power to
arrest on the high seas. I asked him if a case
had ever arisen under that act. There was none
that he knew of. If there has been a case of the
kind I should like to know it. I do not know of
any myself; but I am not prepared to say that
there has not been any. This gentleman, how-
ever, ought to have known if there was; and he
did not seem to have knowledge of any.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have never
known any such case, and when the gentleman
says there have been such cases, I ask, emphat-
ically, when r I repeat that if there beany author-
ity under any statute of the United States, it must
bo under this eighth section of the act ot" 1618, as
far us I know. Does this eighth section confer
the power? It says that " in every case of the
capture of a ship or vessel within the jurisdiction
or protection of the United States, as bejore de-
fined." " As before defined" is within the marine
league. Most clearly, therefore, it could not be
within any of the instances alluded to. The gen-
tleman from Virginia must admit that. But he
cites the latter clause—that the land and naval
forces may be employed " for the purpose of pre-
venting the carrying on of any such expedition."
That is the way it reads. Why, sir, it is not
a new section—it is not a new clause. It goes
right on, and I should say that "also" means
"within the jurisdiction and protection of the
United States, as before defined." That is my
reading of the word " also." " Also within the
jurisdiction and protection of the United States, as
before defined." I cannot make any other sense of
it. "For the purpose of preventing the carrying
on of any such expedition or enterprise from the
territories or jurisdiction of the United States."
Where? Doesitsayin Guatemalaor Nicaragua?
Does it say upon any island in the sea? Does it
say to prevent men upon the high seas, upon any
island, or in any ocean? No, sir; but from the ter-
ritories of the United States and jurisdiction of the
United States—from within three miles, if you
please, or a marine league of the coast of the
United States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, my mind is clear upon
this subject, [f any such outrage has been com-
mitted upon the coast of Nicaragua, as the seiz-
ure of either American citizens or others by a
naval officer, he has done that for which he had
no authority. And when the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. .T. Glancy Jones]
stands up for the maintenance of law, I concur
with him; but when Commodore Paulding, undej-
the pretense of maintaining law, goes out upon
the high seas to make himself the judge of crim-
inals, and calis men pirates who are just as good
men as he is, and a good deal better, it does not
come from him with a good grace to commend
himself as an enforcer of law.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Georgia if he understood me as
advocating any such position?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as indicating
no such sentiment; for, as I took occasion to state,
he expressed no opinion upon the subject. But
the conduct of Paulding was no less an outrage,
and I am giving my opinion upon that subject.
But, sir, I have not the information officially, and,
hence, I do not wish to discuss the question be-
fore I get it. But, sir, I say the action was with-
out law, as I read the laws of my country; and
it will not do for him, or any person, to set him-
self up as the advocate of law, when ho is out-
raging law and outraging justice, and committing
a private injury, which ought to be redressed.
Our country would set an example of shame to
other nations, if this gross outrageof private rights
were permitted against the greatest felon on earth.
If we are to set an example to other nations, let
us set an example worthy to be followed; and not
under the pretense of vindicating law, become the
violators of all law.
Now, sir, if this act was committed—I speak in
advance of the message—private property has been
taken possession of by our naval forces without
authority of law, and I say it should be restored.
Reparation should be made, restitution should be
made, and it will be an outrage upon the part of
our Government if it is not done. The men,
everyone of them, should be sent back where thev
were taken from, and Walker—felon, as some call
him, and fugitive from justice, as a gentleman
yesterday spoke of him—should be sent back.
Sir, if he is a fugitive from justice, let the courts so
determine. I understand that he left this country
in a ship with a regular clearance. He gave his
bond, and he can answer to his bond; but I think
it will tax the ingenuity of an American Repre-
sentative to show that he was a fugitive from jus-
tice. When he was brought, hack ujion his parol
he came into the hands of the marshal of the
southern district of New York, with whom he
went before the Executive, and all they could say
to him was, " go in peace, we have got no charge
against you."
Sir, I say that if Walker is a felon, he ought
to be punished as a felon. If he has violated the
law, I am not here to apologize for or excuse him.
Butifhe has committed no offense, it is a national
disgrace deeper far than any I have yet heard of.
If he has committed any offense, you will not
even try him for it after he has been brought, hack
to your shores. I say it is an outrage—a stigma
upon the nation. My judgment is, that as the
matter now stands, as I understand it, Walker
should be put in a national ship, with all his men
and all his property, taken back, and put just
where he was before the outrage commenced—in
statu quo ante bellum, I think is the phrase used
in international law.
But, as I have said, I do not wish to discus3
those questions to-day. I do not know what
position the Administration have taken. I have
merely risen to give my reasons why, in my
judgment, it is a subject which needs investiga-
tion. If our laws are as gentlemen construe them,
or as some gentlemen do, I think they ought to
be taken from the statute-book. 1 am against
them. 1 hold that no citizen of this country can
be punished by this Government, except where
there is a violation of such laws as are passed in
pursuance of constitutional authority. There is
no such thing as common-law offenses against the
United States. They have not been recognized
since the alien and sedition law was swept from
the statute-book, and I trust they never will be
again. I agree with the gentleman from Missis-
sippi that there is not a single violation of inter-
national law, or the law of nations, by anything
that Walker has done, ora violation of anything
contemplated by the act of 1818.
Sir, this matter should be inquired into. My
object m rising was to propose an amendment to
the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi.
I hope he will concur in it. i move to strike out
the words "a select committee," and, in their
stead, to insert" the Committee on the Judiciary
and to add the words " who are hereby required
to report upon the expediency of a repeal or mod-
ification of the act of the 20th of April, 1818."
Mr. QUITMAN. I accept the gentleman's
amendment, if it is in my power to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman to prepare the amendment as mod-
ified.
