1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Suppose this doctrine had obtained at the time
California was acquired. When we acquired Cal-
ifornia, and the gold discoveries were made there,
it is very well known th&t a workiugman could
earn in California $1,000 a year by his labor.
That was then the value of an able-bodied slave
in the old slave States. Do you not suppose that
a great many of them would have been carried to
California under such a stimulus as that? A dis-
tinguished politician of Virginia, in a letter which
he addressed to the public press, or to some indi-
vidual, pending the last presidential election, in
speaking of this subject, calculated that Virginia
had lost several hundred million dollars by not
being permitted to carry her slaves to California;
" because," he said, " if a slave could have been
taken to California, where he could earn $1,000 a
year, instead of being worth $1,000, he would
have been worth $5,000. Why, sir, the profit of
the business of carrying slaves to California would
have been greater than the profits of the African
slave trade, without its perils. If the decision of
1857 had been made in 1847, so that slaves could
have been removed to California, the whole de-
mand for labor in that land of gold would have
been supplied by slaves, and the busy marts of
trade, and the gold mines of that country, would
have been blackened with slaves, and not a foot
of land in the whole State would have been left
for the white man to stand upon, and in that way
the free white men of this country would have
been excluded from their own inheritance—the
land they won by their own strong arms.
That 3s what these gentlemen call Democracy.
They are willing to see the free white men of the
eountry excluded from every Territory, and es-
pecially from those where the reward of labor is
great; and they claim that it is their constitutional
right that it shall be done; and they call it De-
mocracy. Why, sir, I .want to know whether
the white man has not the same right of property
in his own labor as the slaveholder has in the la-
bor of his slave ? If you exclude the free white
man from the Territories, do not you diminish
the value of his labor just as you diminish the
value of the slave to 'the owner by excluding
them? Which are we to choose between, the
millions and millions of free white men in this
country, or the few thousand slaveholders? Was
the Government founded to protect rights of prop-
erty in slave labor, and not to protect the rights
of freemen to their own labor? This Democracy
is very tender of the property of the slaveholder,
and is utterly regardless of the rights of property
of any other class of people in the Territories.
Now, I apply another test. The oligarchy say
that they have the right to take their slaves into
the Tcrritoiics of the Union, and employ thorn as
they see "fit, under the Constitution of the United
States, and nobody can take that right from them.
They can take them into the Territories and make
them mechanics, and work them in the mines,
in the factories, or in any other way; and if white
men don't like that sort of competition the De-
mocracy will tell them to go somewhere else. In
Russia, a man can educate his serf or slave, and
they frequently do,and make lawyers,doctors, and
merchants of them. Now, suppose these south-
ern gentlemen should exercise their constitutional
right of educating their slaves, and put them into
the learned professions; do you suppose the peo-
ple of this country would submit, forone instant,
to this Russian innovation? Would there not lie a
cry raised from one end of this land to the other;
and why? Have they not the same constitutional
right to make lawyers, doctors, and merchants,
of their slaves as they have to make them me-
chanics? Precisely the same. There is no dif-
ference whatever. But the Russian nobles never
engage in those avocations themselves, and there-
fore they donot feel the degradation of putting
their serfs into the professions. But with us
that would be trenching upon the occupation
of the slaveholders themselves—the oligarchs—
and here the shoe pinches. They demand that
they shall be allowed to put their slaves to work
side by side with mechanics and laborers; and,
in the same breath, they claim that no slave
shall be allowed to degrade the employments m
which they condescend to engage. I contend that
they have no more right to inflict this degrada-
tion on mechanics, by placing slave labor in com-
petition with their free labor. Not a whit more;
and, as they exercise the right of excluding slaves
from the professions in which they are themselves
engaged, (as they do by inhibiting their educa-
tion,) I say they admit the right of others to ex-
clude them from the mechanical trades, and from
competition with every freeman who follows an
honest calling.
There was a time when this Democratic party
was not Democratic in name alone. There was
a time when this party took ground against priv-
ileged classes, and against every attempt on the
part of capitalists to usurp the power of this Gov-
ernment, and pervert it to their own purposes. I
instance the case of the United States Bank, where
the stockholders undertook to force this Govern-
ment to allow them to bank on the national rev-
enue. The Democratic party took issue with
them, and put them down. Since that time we
have had the tariff discussion, where the manufac-
turing interests of the country—a vast aggrega-
tion of wealth—undertook to influence legislation,
and effect the passage of laws for their especial
benefit, in derogation of the rights and interests
of the working classes of the country. The Dem-
ocratic party took ground against the high pro-
tective tariff, and defeated it.
And now here is another question in which this
struggle between capital and laboris presented in
its most odious and revolting form. Here is a
colossal aggregation of wealth invested in negroes,
which undertakes to seize this Government to
pervert it to its own purpose, and to prevent the
freemen of the country from entering the Terri-
tories cxcept in competition with slave labor; and
the Democratic party, instead of standing where
it used to stand,in opposition to these anU-Dem-
ocratic measures, is as servile a tool of the oli-
garchy as aie the negro slaves themselves.
This is no question of North and South. It is
a question between those who contend for caste
and privilege, and those who neither have nor
desire to have privileges beyond their fellows, ft
is the old question that has always, in all free
countries, subsisted—the question of the wealthy
and crafty few endeavoring to steal from the
masses of the people all the political power of the
Government. Those gentleman are wrong who
say that u is a question of North and South. If
thei e is one class of people on this continent more
interested than another in putting a stop to the
extension of slavery into the Territories, it is the
free white laborers of the South. They have in-
finitely more interest in the matter than any other
class of the people, because they have felt the
pressure of the institution. They have been shut
out from all ownership in the soil, and driven out
of all employment m the States where slavery
now exists; and should we allow the territories
of the Government to be closed against them,
they will have no escape from the oppiession
which has ground them to the dust. No, sir, it is
; not a question between the North and South. It
i is a question which commends itself especially to
j the non-slavcholding and laboring white men of
| the South.
I Now, sir, this controversy will, in my opinion,
I eiu^m great good. In the struggle which term-
inated the American Revolution, the principles of
liberty were so deeply instilled in the heart of the
people, that when that struggle ended, the slaves
were emancipated m a large number of the States,
from the impulse which the love ofJiberty received
in that contest. This struggle, which is on the
same principle, will terminate in the same way.
I know that then-pare as good men in the South now
as there were in the days of the Revolution. There
arc men—slaveholders—now there who burn to
emulate the i oble examples of the illustrious men
of the Revolution; and the noble State which I
j have the honor, in part, to represent on this floor,
i will, in my opinion, have the glory of leading the
way in this magnanimous career. Ilcr honor and
interest alike beckon her, and that she will not
be insensible to these high motives nor regardless
of the glorious destiny which awaits her, the le-
gend which she bears upon her shield, " sulus
populi suprema lex esfo," sufficiently attests.
Air. WORTENDYKE. Mr. Chairman, after
the elaborate discussion already had in both wmgs
of the Capitol upon the pending Kansas question,
it is not to be expected that much can be wanting
to complete the argument on that subject. There-
fore, there can be no doubt that this House will
now best advance the interests of those whose
affairs are in our hands, and also sustain its own
credit before the country, by bringing this matter
to a speedy determination, and directingits atten-
tion somewhat to other matters. Whatever dif-
ferences of opinion may exist as to the correctness
or incorrectness of the proposed measure, all must
be aware that there are-numcrous other import-
ant measures remaining for our consideration at
the present session, involving serious interests of
the whole people, which we, as faithful servants,
dare not neglect. I, therefore, believing as I do,
that this particular subject has already engrossed
more of our time than it is in justice entitled to,
would be prepared, and would feel it to be my
duty, to bring on the final vote upon this Kansas
bill, at this very hour, had I the power so to do,
and to forego the privilege, which my right to
the floor now entitles me, to make known my
own position and views in this matter.
Sir, for nearly four months has the debate upon
this question been, at intervals, going on here;
and I may say that, as to most of the material
pinciples involved, they have been themes of al-
j most continuous debate and declamation, both in
I and out of Congress, for the past four years. I
j am sure, therefore, that, with the intense consid-
j eration that has been exhibited on every side for
| so long a time, we must all be prepared at this
i moment to meet the issue presented, or as well
| prepared as we shall ever be.
I Depend upon it, sir, there is no part of the an-
nual message of the President of theUnired States
better founded upon fact, and that more readily
finds its verification in our own consciousness,
than that portion which declares that Kansas has
for years occupied too much of public attention,
and that it is high time this attention should be
directed to far more important objects. It is in-
deed true, sir, that the country is sick unto loath-
ing of the slavery agitation in Congress When
I speak here of the country, I mean all those who
; love the general interests, the peace and pros-
perity of the country, better than the particular
interests and selfish aims and intrigues of brawl-
ing politicians and howling demagogues, through
whose instrumentality this matter has been com-
plicated and prolonged. No matter what may be
the differing opinions among the upright, honest,
and patriotic masses of our citizens, or what their
settled principles in reference to the constitutional
rights involved on one side or the other, in the
institution of negro slavery in State or Territory,
they are heartily disgusted with the ceaseless agi-
tation of this subject, from year to year, for a long
series of years in succcssion, to the prejudice of
other more urgent and important interests.
Commercially, socially, and politically, our
constituents have been, and are still continuing to
be, damaged by the baneful effects of such agita-
tion. From every quarter, and through all the
avenues of communication, are coming up to this
Capitol the stern injunctions of the people that
this unwise lingering in acrimonious denunciation
over the Kansas question and the slave question
shall be stopped. With &ie spirit of these in-
junctions I deeply sympathize, and I deem them
well timed and well applied. As a mere politi-
cian, in quest of office and notoriety, it might be
policy to keep, if I could, the public mind in a
violent and bitter commotion: for I would expect,
in that character, at least, to have heartlessness
enough to gloat upon even the fragments of the
wreck and ruin that might succeed such civil com-
motion. But as a man of true sagacity, I could
not even place corrupt hopes upon such a basis;
for the people are not fools, to be swayed to and
fro to serve any man's will; nor are they disposed
to immolate themselves and their interests on the
shrine of any man's ambition. Therefore the pol-
icy that seems best befitting us, if we intend to
meet the approval of the people, will be to take
the warning m time which is significantly and pa-
triotically given to us by the Chief Magistrate,
and throw the negro question out of Congress in
some way, and at the earliest possible moment.
The people of this country are not going to al-
low this Union to be rent in twain after the ex-
ample set by a besotted fanaticism in respect to
certain institutions in the land. And although
great indulgence is allowed in discussion upon all
subjects, yet when that discussion becomes a
| hobby with politicians, and is prostituted to the
engendering of sectional strife and hatred between
the States, the people will begin to inquire into
the proprieties of time and place. You cannot
