1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bring the people of this country to the point of let-
ting the Union slide beneath their voluntary pas-
siveness; and when you have succeeded in con-
juring up apparent premonitions of such an event,
your evil arts are exhausted, and then is the point
at which you must stop, or yourselves and your
laboratory of evil will be suddenly scattered to
the four winds of heaven.
This negro question has now gone, in its effects
upon the harmonious union of these States, so far
as to boidly vaunt itself against the perpetuity of
that harmony, and as far as, in my opinion, it
will be allowed to go. Our people are not going
to sacrifice all that they value on earth by taunt-
ing and defying their own political union, nor by
allowing us, their agents, to cut asunder, for out-
own amusement or interest, the cords that have
bound up their interests and their happiness so
long and so securely. Sir, negro slavery in the
States belongs to the States in all its peculiarities
and responsibilities, and not to the Congress of
the Umted States. It has no business here. It
was never intended that it should comc here. But
having come, and remained here for thirty years
or more, until its hideous contentions dared to
isfsue great swelling words of vanity against the
Union, it must now be dismissed from these Halls
as speedily as we are able to give it that dismissal;
or the people, nowimpatient and refusing further
endurance, will speedily dismiss us who play with
it as with a harmless toy, and loiter away our time
in the seeming amusement.
Late events have concentrated all the force of
the slavery agitation in that unfortunate Terri-
tory, Kansas. There has its foul work been going
on for more than three years. We, like the bar-
barous witnesses of the gladiatorial fight in the
Roman amphitheater, have been boisterous in our
loud huzzas as the deadly weapons of the com-
batants have tasted the heart's blood of the victims
of our sport. It is shocking to the moral sense
of the Christian world that such dire outrage and
murderous bestiality should receive its aliment
and cou ntenance from the guardians of the national
honor. And never will these things cease to pol-
lute our borders until this agitation is stopped
here, the fountain from whence they took then-
rise; and therefore 110 clamor or denunciation, no
vile epithets or base traduction of your patriot
President, can subdue the thunder tones of the
people who spoke to us through him, their trusted
and honored Chief Magistrate, whose patriotism
and statesmanship a long life of devoted service
has demonstrated to his countrymen.
It is not my purpose to enter into acontroversy
at this time with those who openly assert their
objection to this bill, because this constitution rec-
ognizes in form a certain domestic institution.
Willi nil such, my argument has been closed long
ago in the presence of the people of my district!
I then contended for the constitutional right of
the people to adopt or prohibit this institution as
they should deem lit, the same privilege which
my own State has had, and still has, of regulating
her own domestic institutions in her own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the Umted States.
I have, therefore, not a word to say now, and in
this place, upon this exhausted and rejected issue
that was raised for me in another place by the
myrmidons of Abolitionism. I have not the pa-
tience to countenance its hideous offensiveness in
this forum.
Sir, I expect to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union as a sovereign State, because
I believe by doing so I shall contribute to the re-
sult, so much to be desired, of banishing forever
sectional controversy about slavery from the
Flails of Congress. I shall vote for this measure
because I believe that her constitution is unde-
niably republican in its form. I shall vote for it
because it comes before us invested with all the
sanctions that law and lawful authority can invest
it with. I shall vote for it because I can find no
reasons to sustain myself, as a legislator and judi-
cial officer, sworn to try this case upon its wonts,
before the country and my constituents lor with-
holding that vote. I shall vote for it because, if
tumult and faction and sectionalism are still to
continue on this subject of slavery,! want to leave
no record to which an afflicted and distracted coun-
try may hereafter point with burning, withering
indignation, thereby convicting myself of opening
still wider the floodgates of rum against her peace j
and prosperity; and I shall vote for it because I i
1285
wish to abide by the line of safe precedents which j
our legislative history affords on this subject, and !
because, at this critical juncture, I fear untried and !
uncertain and unwarranted innovations. The I
doctrines and uniform practices of the fathers of !
the Republic, who stood here long ago, are on my i
side; and I feel not the less assurance of my safe !
position on that account.
I am also prepared to vote for the admission of
Minnesota and of Oregon, by the right of the
same precedents and constitutional rules. I have
satisfied myself that their constitutions, too, are
undeniably republican in form, and come authen-
ticated and sanctioned by the sovereignty of the
respective communities from which they proceed.
Indeed, so plain and well-established are the
forms and modes of constitution making in this
country, that it would indeed be a strange occur-
rence if *ny should come before us at this late day
in an inadmissible shape; and I am prepared to
leceive and accept them all, by the same rules
and tests of recognition, with hearty congratula-
tions, into the great sisterhood of States. And I
would, with pride and exultation, see them rise
simultaneously to the glorious constellation that
shines out in sparkling beauty over an admiring
world; or I would join the escort that would lead
each in succession towards that bright galaxy.
It is a remarkable fact, that while ltlias been
long known that Oregon and Minnesota, as well
as Kansas, areat our doors, yet hardly a syllable,
either of welcome or recognition, hgs been heard
among us with respect to the two former. Have
you nothing to consider in respect to these, but
let them in without an examination of their cre-
dentials' while, by putting unfortunate Kansas
upon the rack, and inflicting the tortures of the ;
inquisition, you would soon drive her from your j
doors m dismay, weak and bleeding, to merciless
rancor and unpitied abuse of lawlessness and fa- \
naticism. For remember you now have the power [
to make her safe and prosperous and comforta- i
ble; but you have not the power to bring her back j
to your doors, a suppliant, as she now is; and if j
you now repel her with the rude hand which you ]
are raising against her, without good and suffi-
cient, legal and just cause, I fear you will never
see her again in the habiliments of humility and
peace and friendship. You should not dare to
make the rash, unparalleled experiment, espe-
C10.llV Undftl' tilO fAfifl.tnrnfinn c-n^hnno
for the execution of her obligations under tlie
Federal Constitution, " to deliver up, by her own
officers and courts, persons.coming within her
borders owing service or labor in another State,
to the party to whom such service or labor-may
be due." I have no doubt but- this statute-of my
State is as odious to certain persons in otherStates,
as is this slave feature in the constitution of Kan-
sas, or m Korth Carolina, or Louisiana; and you
have about as much right to interfere with it as
you have with the other. I see no difference;
there is no difference; and you had better not
insist any longer upon your efforts in this behalf.
Jt is sheer impudence and unlawful assumption
and usurpation upon States-rights, and the peo-
ple of my State will have no share nor part in its
infamous ofiiciousness.
We hold^ you tp the law and the covenants.
Your duty is fixed and defined; your limits of
jurisdiction arc clear and unjuitakabh, and the
first.step beyond this is a violation of pledges of
faith.
Your power, in its precise and most compre-
hensive terms, is contained in article four, sec-
tion three, of the Federal Constitution, in these
words: "New States may be admitted by Con-
gress into this Union." And section four, of
the same article, requires " the United States to
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
I lican form of government, "and to "protect each
I of them against invasion."
I Now the form of government of a new State,
its well as of an old State, is generally understood
to be embodied and defined in its written constitu-
tion or organic law. Now what is the test by
which it is to be tried as to its qualification? What
particular form shall be denominated republican,
in the sense of the Federal compact, or what anti-
republican ? I suppose this can best be answered
by the general features of the several State gov-
ernments existing at the time of the adoption of
the_Fedeial Constitution. Take any one of the
States now in existence for your example, if you
please, and compare with it this constitution of
Kansas, in its form of government proposed, and
point out to me, if you can, one particular wherein
it is not strictly republican in form. It does not,
it seems to me, admit of a question.
Well, then, if no objection can be raised on this
point, what else is material to-be known before a
verdict ought to be rendered by the House of
Repiesentativos? Is it to ascertain the genuine-
. . . ness and authenticity of this instrument, purport-
",at 's your duty in_respect to all three of ;j nig to come from the hands of the convention?
these inchoate States—Ivansas, Minnesota, and \ 1 have lieavd of no question or dispute on this *
point. Is it to find out whether Kansas has ex-
pressed, m a legal and orderly way, her desire to
change her territorial condition for that of a State,
on an equal footing with the other States? We
have before us, the acts of the Territorial Legis-
lature, which unquestionably presuppose such
! willingness and desire on their part; for they pre-
cially under the present conflagration of sectional
excitement and burning jealousies among the
States.
Oregon—and your whole dutv, under the present
laws and Constitution of the Umted Stales? is it
to inquire whether the constitution which has been
presented for your examination and approval,
recognizes or denies the right to build canals, or
railroads, or balloons > Is it to ascertain and criti-
cise the precise limits or extent of authority that
may be exercised under it, through law, by parent I senbe the mode, time, and place in which a con-
over child, guardian over ward, master over ap- j vention, for the purpose of forming a constitution
prentice? Is it to sit as censor over these tilings, ! for that very purpose, shall be elected and assem-
or any other local, domestic affair left by the Con- : | bled. Hut even if this convention had been elected
stitution of the United States to the free will and i and assembled by the mandate of the sovereignty
good pleasure of each State for and by itself? Is
it our business to issue the mandate that negro
slavery shall in all cases be interdicted, notwith-
standing the fact that the Federal Constitution 1
recognized and protected it in any and all of the
original States, and in all of which it has existed, :
with a single exception, under the sanction and i
guarantees of that federal Constitution ? If this I
inquisitoi ial power and right of interference exists
which is higher than the Legislature, and without
their agency—as was claimed for the Topeka con-
stitution—those who favored that Topeka consti-
tution here would have been fully and effectually
estopped; much more should they be estopped,
and hold their peace, when all the legislative au-
thority that was ever recognized by the country
and by Congress has, in a regular and formal
manner, been the willing instrument of effecting
now, then it has always existed, and will apply j the proposed transition from a teiritoiial pupilage
to the old as well as the new States; and would in j
former times have applied to New Jersey, as it
now would to Georgia or Alabama; and abolition-
ism has gained the day.
If it never existed in regard to my State, I, in
the name of some of the people of that State, by
authority of the Federal Constitution, to which
she is proud to be a faithful party, say to you. you
shall not assume that right now in respect to Kan-
sas, or Oregon, or Minnesota; for if youaie per- ;[
mittednowso to interfere and usurp in reference ji
to any of these, you will soon seek the power to '!
effect similar usurpations^against my State and j
other States, in some of theirdomestic regulations. •
It will not be long before you will issue your i!
mandate to jXew Jersey to strike from her statute- \ ■
book that law of hers by which she has piovidcd ,•
to a State sovereignty. This Congress is not
dealing with a State Legislature m "this matter,
and is not expected or required so to do in the pro-
cess of admission of a new State, except iu the
single case piovided for in section three of article
four; and that is the case where a new State is to
be formed by the junction of two or more States
or parts of States. Then, and then only, does the
Federal Constitution require that the consent of
the Legislatures, eo nomine, of States concerned,
shall be first had and obtained, before the act of
admission can pass. The consent of the Terri-
torial Legislature is in no other case required or
expected.
Therefore, the argument that the expression of
the present or any other Legislature m Kansas
must be consulted, and be our guide in determill-
