248
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 30,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Let Justice be Done—Mr. Sandidge.
Ho. of Reps.
some great burning, we have seen the warning
evidences of growing passions on a partieu lar sub-
ject, which,unchecked, threaten to be as destruct-
ive and quenchless as volcanic fires. It is because
I do believe there is danger in the consuming
course of this sentiment that I shall speak to-day;
but with no vain expectation of saying aught to
influence the action of this House. The danger
lies nop here, Mr. Chairman, but in the deep re-
cesses of the public wind—^the great fountain of*
rower in our form of government. It is to that
would, in some sort, address myself. It has
been iterated and reiterated; until thousands of
honest people believe that our system of domestic
servitude in the South is destructive of morals,
religion, and good government, and inconsistent
•with the great economic principles giving pros-
perity to the nation. This has been assigned here
by gentlemen to be a suffici«nt reason for oppos-
ing the admission of Kansas, or any other new
State, with a pro-slavery constitution.
Now, sir, I cannot, of course, in the time al-
lowed under our rules, discuss, if it were desir-
able, these questions fully; and should not have
attempted to do so at all, did I not regard them to
be the foundation of the whole Free-Soil Repub-
lican movement. They enter as a chief staple into
nearly all the arguments we have had from the
other side of the House, in opposition to the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution. That no injustice may bo done, I will read
from a number of speeches delivered on this floor
recently, as fair samples of all others from the
same side on the points given. I will first refer
to the speech of the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Burroughs,] delivered on the
23d of Fobruary, the tone and temper of whose
remarks indicated honest convictions. He says:
" I need not moko an argument to prove that tlavo labor,
being cheaper, crowds qut the laborer who has M>ei<tl ana
domestic wants to supply, winch cannot be attained at the
cost of negro slave labor.
"Our northern men will not settle m a country where
{■slavery exists, i need not make an argument to jnovo this.
Oh the other hand, gentlemen cannot prove to us  that south-
cm men will not go into Iree territory."
Well, Mr. Chairman, many speeches lmvc been
delivered in our Federal councils, to show that
slave labor was the dearest labor ever uscd;and I
shall offer some evidence, published by tlio Gov-
ernment, which does not at all accord with the
gentleman*# theory of lmtivu emigration.
The member from New York, [Mr. Morse,]
on the 20th instant, delivered a very elaborate
argument against the propriety of allowing south-
ern men to go into any more of the Territories
with their slaves. He says:
" The men of the South, in blood, lineage, and endow-
ment, like the men o! the North, are foremost tn tliu files
of lime j they, with u->, are the inherUois of the agon ; and,
of course, under any circumstances, however adverse, must
collect around them much that is valuable and elevating."
I suppose we are in duty bound to be thankful
for small favors—and, after tho more than equiv-
ocal compliment, he says:
" Hut t£e most superficial observation showy, and statis-
tic prove, thm, though they have as fertile a sod, a mote
genial climate, and are under tho suinc political institutions,
yt t, in their pi ogress and prosperity, they halt lar behind
their sister States."
And with other disparaging remarks, adds:
"The North is at this moment the most prosperous and
progressive nation in Christendom; in eveiy clement that
give.^ the highest dignity to man, it !*■ the most hopeful and
advanced; the South, deceived and betrayed by the other
principle, so malign and hostile to everything good, pi esents
an anomaly in the history of our Anglo-Amoucan race; its
soil is neglected ; from itc people little f? mhlcd to the intel-
lectual vjealtk of ike world; and how distorted are some, of
tlieir spiritual peiceptions may he ->eeu from the fact, that i
quotations are made from the Bible, on tin* floor, to prove ,
that slavery accords with the law of eternal justice !" ]
I shall bring in some facts presently, that may j
serve to correct the gentleman's erroneous im- j
prpssions about our being so much in the wake i
of northern prosperity. j
As to the intellectual wealth of the country, it i
being rather an imponderable, impalpable sub-
stance, I am willing, if there should be any of it
left, in either section, unconsumed by the present
generation, that it shall be weighed in a balance
by those who are to come after us.
Uncontrolled by the intellectual finesse so pre-
dominant among the gentleman's friends, I aare
say we of the South are not sufficiently spiritual
in our " perceptions'' to understand that poor old
Abraham's three hundred and eighteen " trained
servants, born in his house," whom he armed
with the view of rescuing Lot from captivity,
were mere " men in buckram;" that the angel's
command to the runaway servant, Hagar, to re-
turn to her mistress, and submit herself under her
/*««&, is a pure romance, on a par with what they
must hold as another fable—the Almighty's hold-
ing converse with a man who held slaves " born
in his house," bought with money," and " re-
ceived by gift;" who, because of obedience, re-
ceived the promise that" in his seed all the nations
of the earth should be blessed." Truly, sir, does
it seem that our more spiritual friends of the North
have discovered either that the principles and
truths of the moral law are changeable, or that it
is a lie of the Bible to say, as it does in many
places, that man may be sold for money, trans-
mitted by inheritance, or by gift. Holding slaves
myself, through all these agencies, as did my
fathers before me, it is not to be presumed, accord-
ing to the gentleman's theory, that f am qualified
to decide which is right, he or the Bible. So I
shall say no more on that subject.
Wishing to preserve good temper in what I
shall say, Mr. Chairman, I will pass over the ref-
erence of the member from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] on the 22d instant, to the efficacy of
southern hemp for disunion, by assuring him
that he will probably, on occasion, know how
to use it, when to use it, and on whom to use it.
He says:
u But, Mr. Speaker, I wi^Ji to present a few facts, bear-
ing upon the question of the iclative nicnts of freedom and
slavery, and 111 answer to the statements and assumptions
of the gentleman which I have alluded to. I take it that
if slavery is better than freedom, if slave society is better
than free society, its comparative excellence will be mani-
fest in tho growth, progress, and piospenty of the slave
States, and the intelligence niul education of the people
where slavery exists. Now, let us see what the statistics
show upon this auhject. Take, for example, the States of
Viiguua and New York."
Demolishing the old "Mother of States," as
he supposes, on one tack, he takes another, and
says.
" Again, sir, m 1^50, there wa«< invested in church prop-
perty in New York $31,1,*1,207, and m Virginia the sum of
only $2,856,076. At the .same tune there were public-bed m
New York 428 newspapers, with an ablegate circulation of
I ; while in Virginia there were but 87. with a cir-
culation ot New York expends .yJ,500.000 yeaily
foi educational purposes, while Vugmia c\pends about
$700,000
" The natural resources of the slave States of this fTmon
are immeasurable; and, without slavery, they would have
untold wealth and gieatness; but now so it is, this ac-
cused system has -shut out enterprise, has shut out the free
laborci, and ban spread itself like a pall over the land, with
us enervating and bauefulmfiuonce, like bhghtand mildew,
wljeiever it tails.
i oppose the admission of Kansas as a slave State, also,
for the reason that slavery is a curse to any country, and to
any people ; it coriupts the moials and the manners ot the
people wherever it exists; u piomotes poverty and igno-
ianee; it degrades laboi,and consequently banishes tho fiee
laborer from the land. You might as well ptohibit, by an
act of Congress, the emigration of the free laboring man of
the North to that State, as to permit hlavory to exist there.
Hlavciy cramps and clogs the energies and progies^ of a
State ; retards improvements ; wears out, and depreciates
the value of the soil; in fine, sir, it is, in almost every con-
ceivable light, a curse!"
Now, Mr. Chairman, I also have prepared a
table to which I shall request my friends on the
other side, as well as on this side of the House,
to give their attention. It contains facts—not iso-
lated and selected cases—but genera! facts, which
will place the whole South and her institutions in
afar different and better position than the asser-
tions by our northern brothers, of her " clogged
energies" and worn-out soil, and the thousand
and one other disadvantages attributable by them
to our institutions, would assign to her.
Before I enter upon an examination of the table
to which I have alluded, I would say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, who at-
tempted to prove the superiority of a non-slave-
holding over a slaveholding §tate; and they will
apply as well to all similar contrasts attempted
by members on his side of the House. The gen-
tleman named Virginia and New York. The se-
lection of these two States gives good evidence of
his astuteness, but I cannot say as much for his
fairness. He has selected New York, because
she has increased in population more rapidly than
any northern State, and taken Virginia, because
she has increased in population less rapidly than
any southern State. In all such calculations, fair-
ness requites that the average should be taken,
and not the opposite extremes. To show how
such counts may be made to work, let us take
two States, one North and one South, each stand-
ing in the same relation to the other States of its
own section. New York has increasedmore rap-
idly than any northern State from 1790 to 1850,
and Tennessee more rapidly than any southern
State during the same period. In 1790, New
York stood fifth on the list in population, and in
1850 she stood first, having advanced Jour steps.
Tennessee, in 1790, stood sixteenth on the list,
but in 1850 she had advanced to the fifth place,
thus having advanced eleven steps. And if we
should reverse the selection, by taking the two
States standingatthefootofeach division in 1790,
and compare their rank in 1850, it would be seen
that the northern State had fallen back fourteen
steps, while the southern State advanced eleven
steps.
If the gentleman had shown entire fairness, he
would have told this committee and the country
that, since 1790, the eight southern States, then
in existence, had, in the aggregate, fallen back
twenty-three points; whereas the eight northern
States then in existence had receded sixty points
up to 1850.
I do not pretend to say that the numbers of the
people of the South have increased in as great a
ratio as those of the North; but I do say that the
increase of the native population of the South has
been in quite as great a ratio as that of the North.
The population of the two sections was about
equal in 1790. Now, that of the North exceeds
that of the South by three million nine hundred and
sixty-two thousand six hundred and sixty-four.
It is a well-known fact, which satisfactorily ac-
counts for this increase over the South, that the
foreign immigration to New York alone, has aver-
aged about two hundred thousand a year for the
past ten years. And it is also known that not
more than one tenth of these immigrants settle in
a (southern State. And if, after the great noise
made a short while ago, by northern Know Noth-
ings, (now merged into Republicans,) against this
class of t)i'Mr population, which alone has given
them this preponderance, they shall now change
the tune, in order to glorify over us of the South,
why, sir, I have not the slightest objection.
I will make another remark in reference to the
reason of this northern growth.
Under the old Missouri compromise, the North
obtained for its special own use one million nine
hundied and seventy thousand and seventy-seven
square miles, but the South was confined to nine
hundred and sixty-six thousand and eighty-lime
square miles. There then was room for expansion
at the North, which was denied to us at the South.
The gentleman from Illinois—in keeping with
much more of the same kind from his side of the
House—also cited, as an evidence of the greater
extent of piety and of religious education, and of
its intensity, and the greater number of pious peo-
ple, the fact, that in New York $21,000,000 were
invested in church property, whereas poor Vir-
ginia had less than three million dollars similarly
invested. Now, if the gentleman is of opinion
that the extent of piety, or its intensity, or the
number of pious people, is to be estimated accord-
ing to the money expended in building magnifi-
cent church edifices, with stained-glass windows
and velvet cushions, where hymns of praise to
God are sung by proxy, then I grant his table
proves that the intensity and extent of piety and
religion in New York are ten times greater than
in Virginia.
But one word more, in order to do justice to
New York city. According to the mode by which
the gentleman from Illinois estimates intensity
and extent of piety, her fervor and religious devo-
tion ought to be just ten times greater than all the
South, and five times greater than the rest of the
North, for she expends ten times as much money
for church accommodations as the former, andfive
times as much as the latter. Her two hundred
and nineteen thousand seats for her five hundred
and fifteeli thousand inhabitants cost $9,000,000,
being an average of $41 53 to each person. I have
heard it said, that in the city of New York they
had two ways of going to heaven—one way for the
rich man, and another for the poor man. Every
ona who has visited New York within a few years
past has stood and admired the graceful outline,
delicate sculpture, lofty spire, and gorgeous stained
