1858.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
all who stayed away from the polls and refused
to vote under it, or had refused to be registered to
that end. He knew full well that no remedy
could be furnished by him, or by us, to such as
would not conform to its requirements. And
with unanswerable cogency does he conclude his
appeal, in these words:
. " The law has performed its entire appropriate functions
when it extends to the people the riz,kt of suffrage, but
cannot compel the performance of that duty."
And, sir, I doubt not that all law-abiding citi-
zens of Kansas shared in the sentiments so fitly
expressed, and congratulated themselves that,
after all the tumult and disorder and threatened
anarchy that had beset them from the beginning,
they could at last rely upon a record unimpeached
and unimpeachable. It now alone remained for
them to settle through the ballot-box who should
be their delegates to form the charter of their
new State. Every hope was fixed upon that im-
portant proceeding. Every citizen of this whole
Union, who loved her peace and interests,,and the
interests and peace ofKansas, waited with intense
solicitude for the consummation of the convention
act by the election of delegates. Every hope and
jfurpose of rebellious and traitorous opposition to
the free operation of law and order in the Terri-
tory expired with the successful consummation of
the great work contemplated by that act. And
under this apprehension on the part of the party
of bad men who strove, as we are told by the then
Governor himself, " to perpetuate and diffuse agi-
tation throughout Kansas, and prevent a peaceful
settlement of this question," the force of all their
insurgent organization against the established au-
thority of the Government was more than ever
before exerted to defeat this particular measure.
This fact is over and over again certified by the
official dispatches from both Walkerand Stanton,
now on file m the Department of State, and copies
of which are before the country. And on the
other hand, all the protection that the General
Government were authorized to extend for the
secure and free operation of the settled law of the
Territory was promptly extended. The docu-
ments also prove this fact. No dereliction on the
part of the General Government at this import-
ant crisis would have been pardoned or tolerated
by the country, and therefore the most scrupulous
fidelity was exacted from the Federal authorities
by the Governors of the Territory, and was ex-
ercised by the Executive,as thedocuments show.
Wo dereliction on our part can be set up to vitiate
proceedings under that convention act.
Let us look a little more into the execution of
the provisions of that act. We are the constitu-
tional judges, with our powers clearly defined in
this case; and we must not be swayed by preju-
dices that might be tolerated outside of this tri-
bunal. Prejudice, and personal or local feelings,
must here give place to the inexorable stringency
of law and established precedent. The material
testimony we are bound to look for; and that must
be conclusive.
What complaint, then, do we hear against the
execution of the convention act ? And upon what
foundation is such complaint based? Was the
registration of voters in March and April last not
made?
The testimony is, that the registration was made
of all voters whose registry was not prevented by
the violence and threats of the parties now raising
the objection of the non-registry ofcertam persons.
The duties of the registering officers were per-
formed faithfully, so far as we know, when they
were not prevented by threats and violence and
refusals. This is the record and the evidence.
Now it is perfectly clear^iat the refusal of certain
persons to be registered rould not affect the rights
nor privileges of those who were registered.
Nearly a month was assigned for the correction
and completion of registers by inserting persons
not included, or striking off such as should be
found erroneously inserted. Have we evidence
that these defects or omissions were not attended
to according to law where the officers appointed
for that purpose were not forced away by those
who now complain ? None whatever.
But, say the caveators, of the thirty-seven coun-
ties in Kansas, sixteen were utterly disfranchised,
by reason of non-registry—sixteen out of thirty-
seven. Well, what do they expect us to conclude
from this objection? It is a startling statement,
sir, and well deserving the notice of the country.
What do they expect the country -to conclude
from this statement, sir? These objectors well
know what the country ought to conclude from
such a statement, if true, and made as it is with-
out further remark or comment. It would be this:
that by willful and corrupt design, nearly one half
of the population had been disfranchised by the
deliberate omission on the part of the territorial
officers. This is the desired conclusion, sir; and
yet, if this conclusion were stated as the objec-
tion, it would at once be branded as an unblush-
ing falgehooti. Our friends ought to know, if they
do not know, that they have no right to promul-
gate such an impression among the people of this
country. I frankly say to my friends here, that
were I sitting at my home, enjoying, as I love to
do, the quietness and cheerful responsibilities of
private life, and hear from this Capitol the oft-
repeated declaration made by my political and
personal friends, to whom I trusted my interests*
and the honor of my country; should I hear, then
and there, as I hear now, the unqualified declara-
tion that the President of the United States, or
anybody else, by fraud, by perfidy, by swindling,
by base truckling to the slave power, and such
like indelicate means, had disfranchised sixteen
out of thirty-seven counties of any State, I con-
fess I should have felt bound to conclude that they
who made the charge were at least actuated by
high motives of truth and honor in exposing the
damning deed.
The conclusion of this their, bold argument
calls upon me to denounce the President and the
Democratic party of my choice, and to join hands
and-hearts with the political enemies of both, for
the purpose of exposing such a foul outrage as
the announcement implies. But what would be
my mortification and shame to discover that the
conclusion was a false one—utterly false; and
what, suppose you, would be my detestation of
the instruments who caused my deception ?
Now let us see. Sixteen out of thirty-seven
counties disfranchised by non-registry, is the
charge. Out of every thirty-seven, sixteen re-
pelled. Hook at it, sir: to the testimony and the
truth. How is it found to be? Is this charge
that James Buchanan, the President of the United
States, turns out, after all, to be a knave and a
swindler, as the Black Republican party insist he
is, and as some people used to think Andrew
Jackson was ? And must ho be called so by his
own political friends, as Andrew Jackson was by
some of his political friends? And must those
denouncing friends join the camp of the Philis-
tines, as did some of Andrew Jackson's friends
in his day? How is it? What is the record and
the proof? Here it is.
In three of these sixteen counties so sadly dis-
franchised, there is not known to be a solitary
voter at this hour. These are the counties of
Washington, Clay, and Dickinson, lying far back-
in the uninhabited regions of western Kansas.
Not a solitary vote came from there on the 4th of
January election, which is so highly regarded by
our quondam friends—not a solitary vote.
The same, so far as we know, was true on the
1st of April, 1857, with seven others of the unfor-
tunate sixteen—Weller, Wise, Butler, Wilson,
Godfrey, Greenwood, and Ilunter. Not asohtary
vote came from all these counties in the famous
election of January 4,1858; and certainly wo could
not have expected any a year ago. This disposes
of ten of the sad unfortunates, whose mournful fate
is so piously charged against James Buchanan and
the Democratic party. As to four others of the
disfranchised ones—Franklin, Breckinridge, Cof-
fee, and Anderson—the record is, that the officers
appointed for registering votes there were pre-
vented from doing so by the rebellious ruffians
who followed the behests of Lane and his associ-
ates, by violence, and threats of death and assas-
sination, and driven from the execution of their
duties. These are now complaining to us of their
own wrong; complaining of a non-registration
which they themselves forcibly prohibited. 1 hey
thus willfully disqualified themselves in advance,
with deliberate purposes of resistance to the last
to the operation of the convention act in those
counties. Upon their heads be the consequences
of such acts of unmitigated barbarity and lawless-
nessl not upon the President of the Tj mted fetetes
and the Democratic party, who hold to laws which
| they thus attempted to trample under foot, and
seek for confederates in audacity in this House.
Happily, not all of us are yet willing to sanction
the Jim Lane party and their proceedings.
In two others of the unfortunate sixteen—
Woodson and Madison counties—less^han one
hundred votes were returned on the 4 th of J anuary
last; and it has not yet been shown that there
was a single voter in them, on the' 1st of April,
1857. If there was, the number must hare been
exceedingly small, or we should have heard more
of it.
Now, by referring to the election returns of
January 4th last, nearly a year after the registra-
tion, not over one thousand six hundred votes,
good and bad, were returned from all these six
teen disfranchised counties taken together; while
the registration of theremaining twenty-one coun-
ties had nine thousand two hundred and fifty-one
legal voters. That is the official return of the
registration.
I make no further comment. This is the argu-
ment of disfranchisement upon which so much
stress has been laid; and it bears its own refuta-
tion upon its face. This is the argument, sir;
which, although stating the fact that in a num-
ber of counties no vote was had, yet conceals the
reason, and thereby deliberately and willfully
leaves a false impression upon the minds of thou-
sands of readers who look to them for reliable in-
formation and data of reasoning—conceals and
covers up the fact that ten out of the sixteen had
not a solitary voter as late as the 4th of Janu-
ary last, and exist only upon> the map in the
uninhabited wilds of that frontier Territory; the
remaining six showing, on that late day, only a
vote of sixteen hundred or so, all tola, and which
it cannot but be presumed was far smaller in April,
185G; and that, such as it was, forcibly and will-
fully prevented from registration by the very per-
sons who now complain that they had not a vote.
Strange indeed, and ominous, does it sound to
hear the professed friends of a Democratic Ad-
ministration reach a conclusion by such an argu-
ment as this against that Administration, and co-
alesce with the very party whose venomous spite
was exercised in bringing about the very self-dis-
franchisement they now charge upon us. I have
not so understood Democratic consistency. I say
nothing about motives. I have no right here to
impugn them, and would not do so if I had. I
deal with the case as it stands. But I say here
that, come what may, no consideration of expe-
diency nor policy can induce me to stultify my-
self, and those who sent me here, to make my
public record out of such materials, and rest it
upon such premises.
This was the condition of things—the registry
of voters being thus made agreeably to law, so
for as it could be done—when the warning voice
of Governor Walker was raised to the people, in
these words:
"Those who abstain fiom tlie exorcise ofdie right of suf-
frage authonze those who do vote to act for them in that
contingency ; and the absentees ate as much bound,under
the law and constitution, where there is no fraud or violence,
by the act of the majority of those who do vote, as if aii
had participated in the election ; otherwise, as voting must
he voluntary, self-government would be impracticable, and
monarchy oi despotism would remain the only alternative."
The election of delegates took place in the month
of June, as provided by law, and was conducted
orderly andpeacably; nothing appears to the con-
trary. The result was duly certified and made a
record, and is, I think, among the documents on
our tables. The members elected were commis-
sioned, and took their seats in convention at Lc-
compton, on the first Monday of September, 1857,
pursuant to the sixteenth section of the conven-
tion act, to perform the work assigned them by
that section, to wit:
" To form its constitution and State government, Which
shall be republican m form, for admission into the Union on
an equal looting with the oricmal States, in all respects
whatever, by the name of the State of Kansas."
That constitution, which this convention was
directed to form for admission into the Union, is
now before us. It is republican inform. It is
authentic. No difficulty is known to exist on this
score. It comes to you for your verdict on the
questions which the Constitution of the United
States authorizes you to settle. Is it republican ?
Was it made by due authority and_ by a qualified
power ? And is its identity established ? These
are the questions, and the only questions we have
to determine. And if a judgment is rendered m
the affirmative on these three points, no legal oar
exists to its admission.
