1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
But, says my colleague, we are^ not bound to
admit, for the words are (t may admit," wotii shall
admit" True. The words are " may admit;"
and the truth is, J have not the least doubt, that it
allows him to say " no" in this case, here, pro-
vided he can expunge the faith of the Government
towards the Territories organized under the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, and can also expunge the third
article of the treaty with France of 1803, to both
of which documents I respectfully refer my. col-
league for the fixing of his discretion. I trust I
shaii not hear him spurn the authority of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, and the force of treaty stipula-
tions, as I have heard certain politicians do.
But, say my opponents, the doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty promulgated by the Kansas-Ne-
braska act has not been lived up to in this case.
The constitution does not come to us ratified
by the vote of the people at the ballot-box, after
its adoption by the convention. Says my col-
league, and others on that side, constitutions
must be ratified by a vote of the people after they
are made. Robert J. Walker philosophizes on
this point most indivisibly and unintelligibly, and
most egotistically andabsurdly. But,gentlemen,
did you think so o few months ago, when you
tried a certain Topeka constitution ? Did your
political philosophy not come to your aid when
you ignored this inexorable role by striking it
out of the document called the Toombs bill, a year
or two ago?—a document, by the way, that we
Democrats circulated by the million all over the
land in the presidential campaign of 1856, and for
the passage which we applauded the Demo-
cratic Senate, including the distinguished Sen-
ator from Illinois, and denounced the Republican
House of Representatives for refusing to pass it.
Yet this bill made the action of a constitutional
convention final, as we all know, without a sub-
mission of the instrument to the people. In fact,
a provision was originally in the bill that the sub-
mission should be made to the people for ratifi-
cation, but afterwards strickcn out, and passed
by the vote of the Democratic side of the Senate, i
So far from issue being taken by the Democracy j
of my State against the Toombs bill on account ,
of this provision, £ do not remember of ever hear- j
ing a single Democrat make it a matter of essen- [
tial objection, until within a few days previous j
to the meeting of this Congress, when the pecu- i
liar creed of Mr. Walker became all at once the '
only true faith with certain parties. j
Neither was this particular modeof ratification !
considered essential enough to be made a test in
the earlier stages of this Re public, in addition to
the tests indicated by the Federal Constitution.
Since the present General Government went into
operation, in 1789, to this day, eighteen new
States have been admitted into the Union by Con-
gress, namely, Maine, Vermont, Alabama, Flor-
ida, Mississippi, Tennessee, Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, Kentucky, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin,
Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Texas, and
California. According to my information, eleven
of these eighteen States presented constitutions
completed and adopted by convention, and not
.submitted to the popular vote, and w ere admitted
by Congress, being found republican in form.
The others, seven in number, were adopted by
the people through a popular vote, and presented
to Congress for approval* and these were also
admitted without any other test than that of re-
publican form. This is my undeis'anding, and
1 believe it to be correct. Therefore the prece-
dents do not sustain this objection. Both ways
are approved as equally consistcntwith the Amer-
ican ideas of sovereignty, and the people when
lefttoadopta constitution m their own way, have
perfect liberty to use either way and meet the ap-
proval of Congress, if they conform to the con-
stitutional model. And if it is guarantied that
the people of the Territories now have the right
to (prm their institutions in their own way, cer-
tainly it would seem the grossest inconsistency,
and dictatorial intervention now, in the face of
past examples, to say to them that they should be
iield to the one way, and debarred from the other.
Such a course would involve a gross deception.
Congress never claimed the right of making the
one way or the other way a general test, and never
certainly exercised it; and, m my opinion, for
Congress at this late day to make tins test, would
be a usurpation and an insult to popular sover-
eignty.
Under this same head of precedents for the dele-
gation of sovereign power to make "and ratify
constitutions, I cite the case of the Federal Con-
stitution itself. It was made by a convention, and
its final ratification was by conventions in the
States, elected for that purpose by the people, and
did not go to the popular vote. Yet that sacred
instrument purports to be, and I contend that it
is, the solemn act of "the people of the United
States." The sovereign power, through their
chosen delegates spoke authoritatively and truly
the words, " We, the people of the ISnited^States
of America," &c., as you see in the preamble to
the Federal Constitution. Governor Walker's
indivisible, undelegated abstractions were not dis-
covered in those days of sound sense and sound
learning. I have not yet heard it openly stated
that the Federal Constitution was not good for
anything because it had not been voted upon at a
general election or special election. But if this bill
under this objection fails, I shall be prepared to
hear the hoarse voice of denunciation against the
Federal Constitution, because it had not been so
submitted to the popular vote. But should that
absurdity ever be heard by me in the future, I
trust I shall not be so utterly transformed and
metamorphosed by modern political philosophy,
as to denounce a patriotic and Democratic Presi-
dent, and Democratic members of Congress and
Democratic constituencies as swindlers, and cor-
rupted by patronage, and slave-drivers,and other
elegant and suggestive names, because they do
not choose to shout for popular sovereignty, in
my new sense of the term. On the contrary, I
tiust I would then, as I do now, contend that the
old Constitution is in fact, and in all propriety,
what it#purports to be, the declaration of the act
of" We, the people of the United States of Amcr-
! ica." And as each of the Old Thirteen started
j in solid column, under this motto of " We, the
! people," so each successive State that afterwards
| joined the gallant tram, also, by its own voice,
| uttered m its own way, joined the universal chorus
! " We, the people."
| Now, Kansas comes with her constitution, as
• Vermont and Illinois and Tennessee founerly
: came, through her convention, saying, " we, the
j people of Kansas, by our representatives in con-
i vention assembled," &c.; and straight is heard,
! "begone, thou graceless and unshapen wretch. Did
| not the Kansas-Nebraska act say that the people
j of Kansas should form their domestic institutions
; in their own way, and dost thou claim to say, in
1 thy lying words,' we the people of the Territory of
Kansas?' The day of representation is past, and
that of leformand repentance has come. Old fogy
notions are exploded, and so you cannot be ' we
the people.'" The great overgrown sinner, the
State of New York, allows her Legislature and
her grand inquests to say " we the people of the
State of New York;5' but it is ail wrong since the
promulgation of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and
she should repent in sackcloth and ashes, and
truly and honestly henceforth submit her statutes
and her indictments to the popular vote, on pain
of being made an outcast fiom decent society, and
a graceless vagabond and swindler, accoidmg to
j the latest commentators on the Kansas-Nebraska
I bill.
| But a single fact more, incidental to this branch
; of the subject, and I dismiss it. It is this: here-
I tofore, in almost all cases wherein constitutions
1 have gone to the popular vote after the convcn-
! uon, it has been done in obedience to a previous
! legislative or previous conventional act requir-
ing such submission. And I am told that there
j arc only two t.aM*s on record in which the con-
I vention submitted their work to a popular vote
i without being expressly required so to do by some
' previous authority of the people or of Congress.
' 1 believe thoso eases are Florida and California.
! In all other cases where a popular ratification was
j had, it wss done m obedience to some previous
i legislation outside of the convention.
; "jNow, in the case of Kansas, it is well known
! that the Legislature that passed the convention act
! were required by the then Governor to review that
i act, by his vetoing it on the ground that it did not
; direct the convention to submit the constitution to
S a popular vote. That Legislature passed the act
| by a constitutional majority over the veto, and re-
! fused to instruct the convention. Therefo/e the
| convention was elected and met with full and free
i legal discretion, in this respect, to submit it or not
to submit it as they deemed best; with the same
discretion that similar conventions in Illinois and
Tennessee and other States that had met and acted.
Governor Geary preferred, decidedly, that such
submission should be made, and he used his best
arguments, no doubt, to effect it; but he was over-
ruled. Had I been there, I would have preferred
that the submission of the constitution should be
made in extenso, and I would have used my best
efforts to effect it, as did Geary and Walker and
Stanton. But I would have been obliged to sub-
mit to the majority there, as well as in Tennessee
or Illinois where similar preferences were enter-
tained by some people. This was my feeling and
preference; but that preference has no right to
affect my judgment, to be rendered as a member
of Congress, upon the admission of the State. I
hold, and I do most clearly understand, either
mode valid and legal in the light both of the Fed-
eral Constitution and the organic act and terri-
torial laws, although I have a preference for one
mode over the other.
I have no doubt I have spoken as frequently
befoi^ the people of New Jersey on Kansas and
territorial matters, as I found them after the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill became a law, as any person iti
that State, especially during the exciting cam-
paign of 1856, and before my election to this floor.
And I further believe that my immediate con-
stituents have as thoroughly examined into this
territorial question as any constituency in this
whole country. And I know that there is no mis-
understanding between me and them on this ques-
tion. My authority is their will and their under-
standing of this thing; and, happily, my own and
only judgment is identical with my official and rep-
resentative action here.
We thought we had some knowledge of the
way m which constitutions have been formed in
this country for admission into this Union. We
thought that it was fair and consistent that Kan-
sas should be allowed to frame her constitution
with no other restraint than what was, or had
been, imposed upon other States, either by Con-
gress, or by intermeddling on the part of New
Jersey, or New Jersey Congressmen. I pro-
claimed a hundred times the right conceded by
the Democratic party, of freedom to Kansas t©
frame her institutions in her own way, and con-
gratulated ourselves that the Wilmot proviso doc-
trine was dead and repudiated by the party.
But it never, in all that campaign, entered into
my mind that by proclaiming this grand funda-
mental and essential idea of popular sovereignty,
I was tying up the people of Kansas by my
speeches by a restriction upon the exercise of that
very sovereignty in their own chosen way, and
was imposing upon them the necessity of adopt-
ing as their own way, what, m reality, might be
found to bo only my way and that of several other
gentlemen in New Jersey—our way, which was
ours in freedom, but might, if made a restriction
upon the people of Kansas, be theirs only by
duress. I knew perfectly well that both ways
had been approved and practiced by the States;
and, as everybody knows, we had enough on our
hands to settle the principle of freedom of choice,
and to defend the Teiritories from and against
unconstitutional restrictions and interference by
Congress, without entering into a controversy
about the then admitted powers and privileges of
an unrestricted and untrammeled people in their
local adjustments of sovereign rights.
Indeed, as I intimated before, this question was
not one of debate or controversy. We had the
example of the Toombs bill on the part of the
Democratic party, recognizing the validity and
finality of the work of a constitutional convention,
| implying the expedient of vesting the sover-
] eignty in a convention; and so thought the Terri-
I tonal Legislature of 1857, in Kansas.
j But, Mr. Chairman, I must necessarily bring
j my remarks to a somewhat abrupt conclusion. I
! haveonly to say that the constitutional conven-
| tion in Kansas, most prudently and wisely, de-
! termmcd to submit to the test of a popular vote
| the question of slavery. The whole country,
j especially the majority of the States m the Union,
j had just passed through a most terrific political
] contest, in which this slavery question was the
only vital element. The public mind in the North
was yet intensely fixed upon the operation of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, and upon the repeal of the
Missouri restriction. A great and powerful pa-
