250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Let Justice be Done—Mr. Sandidge.
Ho. of Reps.
$13 30 more than an agriculturist at the North,
out of his laud, though the land of the latter costs
$43 more.
I state another fact: the value of the farming
utensils in the South averages more to each inhab-
itant than in the North. (Page 169, Census.) In
the South, the value is, $65,385,845; in the North,
$86,201,793; which is $6 76 to each person in the
South, and $6 37 to each person in the North.
X state another fact: the value of live stock at the
South averages more to each inhabitant, than in
the North to each person. (Pages 171-174.) Total
value of live stock, United States, $544,180,516.
Live stock South, $253,795,330; live stock North,
$290,385,186. So there are $26 26 to each per-
son in the South, and $21 46 to each person in the
North.
I state another fact: the value of slaughtered
animals in the South is one fourth more to each
person than the value of the same product in the
North to each person. (Pages 171-174.) The total
valueofslaughtered animalswas $111,706,925. In
the South,$54,399,298; in the North,$57,307,627.
So that, to each person in the South, there were
$5 62; to each in the North, $4 23.
I state another fact, which 1 trust gentlemen will
not forget. The value of the real and personal
estate in the South gives a greater average to each
person, slaves included, than the same kind of
property in the North does to each person; the
average being one fourth more in the South than
in the North. (Page 190, Census.) Total value
in United Slates, $6,024,666,909. In the South,
$2,828,665,954. In the North, $3,196,000,955.
Showing, toeach person South $292, and to each
person North $237. But if the value of the slaves
be added thereto, at a very low estimate, $1,500,-
000,000 more would be given to the South; and
then, her average would show $447 to each per-
son, including the slaves: but leaving them out,
the average would give $700 to each white per-
son—or nearly three times as much as to each
person in the North.
I now come to some statistics, which may sur-
prise those who are accustomed to speak of the
ignorance of the South, and its destitution of com-
mon school advantages. I find that in the sup-
port of schools, colleges, and academies, to each
white inhabitant between the ages of five and
twebty years, the southern States expend sixty
cents more than the northern States on each of
the persons between the same ages. The total
number of whites in the South between the ages
of five and twenty is 2,350,104; and the amount
expended is $6,819,808; being $2 90 for each per-
son. In the North the number is 4,784,869; and
the amount expended is $11,004,523; being $2 30
for each person. (Pago 143, Census.)
I do not pretend to say, education derived from
books is as generally diffused amongst our peo-
ple as at the North; the North has greatly the
advantage in this respect, originating in the dif-
ference between the density of the principal pop-
ulations in the two sections. At the North,
children, crowded in cities, towns, and thickly-
settled communities, can be sent to schools within
reach. This is not the case with us; ours are an
agricultural people, always seeking the greatest
amount of " elbow room.''
But if our northern friends shall think the crime
and pauperism of their section, originating in the
very circumstance which enables them to school
their children, will more than counterbalance,in
their favor, this sort of education of our people,
1 shall not complain. But as true intelligence
does not depend altogether upon a knowledge of
books, our people, though somewhat behind in
this regard, for want of equal facilities, neverthe-
less are not inferior in knowiedgo'or information
to the northern people, because this advantage is
more than compensated by that free intercourse
peculiar to southern people, where social equality
among the whites produces a community of ideas.
To make my table complete, I feel obliged to refer
to the statistics of crime and pauperism; and while
I lament, with my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Bishop,] that these statistics have too often been
made a reproach to the North, yet I cannot adopt
his very pleasant mode of explaining away the
one and the other. The North has been credited
with all the good of her crowded thoroughfares,
and must be debited with the evil. The number
of native paupers South, was 16,411; paupers of
foreign birth, 4,849: native paupers in the North,
50,023; paupers of foreign birth, 63,689.
The ratio of native paupers to the population at
the North is double that at the South, and the very
argument used by my friend from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bishop,] that the decrepit and sick slaves
wea'e cared forat home by their masters, and there-
fore not included in the ratio of comparison, is
one of the highest tributes of praise that the phi-
lanthropist can pay to this peculiar institution at
the South. It has no poor. Yes; slavery has no
poor! The aged and infirm, and the young who
are stricken down by disease, suffer not the wants
of poverty. They are not thrpst out from their
homes, taken away to the poor-house, to die among
strangers. This one blessing alone, that slavery
knows no poverty, should forever save us of the
South from the uncharitable attacks of northern
gentlemen.
I was about to say, Mr. Chairman, that slavery
knew no crime; and I believe that, were it not for
the few desperate fanatic teachers, who preach
murder and arson to the deluded slave, I might
truthfully say, that slavery knew no crime.
What do the statistics show on page 165 of the
Census' Only 1,917 native criminals in the South,
and 10,939 in the North, being one in 5,041, in
the South, and one in 1,236, in the North. For
this great preponderance of crime at the North, I
am quite willing to find an excuse in the great
temptations of city life, and the desperate strug-
gles of poverty in crowded communities. At the
same time that Iwould throw a vail over the faults
of our brothers at the North, I cannot admit the
plausible apology of my friend from Connecticut,
for the violation of those moral laws of which he
spoke. Misdemeanors are not entered in the list of
criminal convictions, as reported in the census.
In Massachusetts there is 1 criminal to 137 of
her entire population; in New York, 1 to 301; in
Virginia, 1 to 13.286; in Louisiana, 1 to 1.743.
But I will dismiss this subject, with the reiterated
assurance to gentlemen of the North that I al-
luded to these statistics in no feeling of reproach
to them, but felt called upon in my general tables
to embrace all that is given in the census. I would
to God, sir, that all tho hard sayings of gentlemen
in one section against the other could be blotted
out and remembered no more forever. And if we
would but make half the effort to conciliate, and
imbue the minds of the people with that generous
confidence and forbearance which seeks no advan-
tage, which is now expended in trying to establish
irreconcilable and antagonistic doctrines of divis-
ion, we could look forward to a period when time
itself, hoary with prolonged ages, should yet wit-
ness the happiness and prosperity of a united peo-
ple in tho land of out fathers.
I believe there remains but one more table to
examine, and that can be found on page — of the
Census, showing the number of families occu-
pying each dwelling-house. In the New England
States there are 115J families to each 100 houses;
in the middle States there are 112£ families toeach
100 houses; in the southern States there arc 100|
families to each 100 houses. So that fewer fami-
lies are placed in one dwelling in the South than in
the North. I think I have conclusively shown that,
under all the heads, except that of newspapers,
(which I did not examine,) and the more general
diffusion of letters at the North, the South stands
foremost. Her soil is not impoverished; for, we
have shown that working less hands to the acre,
on land costing a little more than half what it does
at the North, the South produces, to each person,
| $13 30 more than the land in the North does,
j I now ask, wherein does slavery cramp and
clog the energies and progress of States? and im-
j poverish its soil ? Is it proved by the greater rel-
| ative value, to her population, of her agricultural
products, of her farming utensils, of her live slock,
of her slaughtered animals, of the greater value of
her real and personal estate ?
Does slavery retard the growth, progress, and
prosperity of a State, and demoralize its people
If it does, I ask, if greater church accommodations,
! if larger sums tf money devoted to educational pur-
I poses, fewer paupers and fewer criminals and more
j dwellings, according to the population, are evi-
i dences of such effects of slavery?
j A few more of similar effects of slavery, and I
i have done. I will now take tip " Commerce and
! Navigation for 1857," and call attention to table
seven, page 324, where it appears that the total
value of exports from the United States were
$278,906,713; from northern ports, $114,008,660,
from southern ports, $164,898,053. So that the
value of exports from southern ports was nearly
one half more than from the northern ports. The
gold exported is not included, for the reason that
its exportation is not considered in favor of the
United States, but rather injurious.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is a true picture of south-
ern industry and southern prosperity, and I hope
we shall hear no more the oft-repeated tales, told for
effect, to disparage us for unhallowed purposes.
I have been amused with certain remarks about
the great hay crop of the North, and that it was
worth more than all the crops of the South. I
have in my hand a table carefully prepared, ex-
hibiting the value of each crop in the North and
in the South; and I find that the most valuable
crop in the United States is the corn crop, which,
for 1850, was worth $296,000,000, of which the
South produced $174,000,000, and the North
$122,000,000. The next most valuable was wheat,
value, $100,000,000; the North produced $73,-
000,000, and the South $27,000,000. Then the
cotton crop, $98,000,000 by the South; then the
hay crop, $96,000,000; of which, $88,000,000 was
produced by the North, $8,000,000 South. And
like our " fodder crop," which with us takes the
place of hay to a great extent, and is, perhaps,
as valuable, though not reckoned specifically in
the census, this hay crop was all consumed by our
own people—not a ton being exported. I have
been very anxious to see in print the speech de-
livered in the other wing of this Capitol some ten
days ago, by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson.] His extraordinary statements
about the products of the country, North and
South, its commerce, <fcc., deserved particular at-
tention; but I have looked in vain for its appear-
ance in the official proceedings of the Senate.
Now, Mr. Chairman, ready to implore our
northern friends to unite with all of us every-
where, who desire peace and harmony in the land,
I have sought to show the fallacy of the reasons
assigned by all the Opposition to the claims of
southern men. And I would ask, are gentlemen
of the North so distrustful of themselves as not to
be satisfied with having in their own hands the
power to control the Government, so as to pre-
vent our abuse of it, if intended ? Must it, indeed,
be made to conform in its legislative, judicial, and
executive action, to the creed of a section ? Gen-
tlemen may tell me, and they do, that the North
never will consent to take another slaveholding
State into this Union. Be it so; let that doctrine
be announced as the fixed policy of the Govern-
ment, and all the armies of the world could not
compel a union between northern and southern
States. Par be it from me, Mr. Chairman, to
threaten disunion. Disunion! sir, it is something
painful to contemplate; but, at this time, appre-
hensions of such a catastrophe come unbidden to
the mind. If I rightly understand the temper of
the northern mind—and I am sure I do not mis-
judge that of the South—such an event is not at
all improbable within a very few years. I say
to our northern friends that however unanimous
the people in that section may become in sustain-
ing this Free-Soil Republican movement, there will
be equal unanimity at the South in opposition. A
representative of the conservatism of the South, I
would not hesitate a moment to advise an imme-
diate abandonment of the Government, should its
policy be so shaped for our destruction. Let us
no more be told that your people at the North
will not go into countries where the negro is en-
slaved; and, therefore, that you are against Kan-
sas and the Lecompton constitution; for it will
be in keeping with many other declarations which
I have disproved. The census book tells us that
seven hundred and twenty-six thousand of the
citizens living in the southern States were natives
of northern States. In the free States, there were
two hundred and thirty-two thousand natives of
southern States.
I will now make a brief reference to Kansas.
The people of that Territory were asked, through
their proper functionaries, if they would have a
convention to form a constitution, and they re-
sponded yea. And we all said, it is their right.
Not even the Republicans of this House could
say otherwise. And when, by properaction, the
