2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
same subject. The law of Congress, of whose validity no
doubt can be laised, declares that Minnesota shall have only
two Representatives in this Housfc. The law of Minnesota,
(her constitution,) under which the election took place, de-
clares that she bhall have and " elect'' three Representa-
tives. Under this law, for she had no other, her people
voted for and elected three Representatives. If the law is
valid and effective, the three are elected, one as much as
another; if not valid, none are elected ; for there can be no
election which was not held under the provisions of law; any
other election is but the choice or designation of unauthor-
ized assemblies of the people. Jf the law of Minnesota has
sufficient force and vigor to entitle these gentlemen to be
"sworn and admitted," it has enough to retain them in their
seats. If their case is prima facie a good one, it is a perfect
• one, so far as this question is concerned ; for all that can be
shown hereafter, bearing upon it, is shown and understood
now. From what already appeats, the House is informed
by an irresistible logic that these gentlemen have not been
elected under any law of Minnesota.
It is said that Messrs. Phelps and Cavanaugh have re-
ceived a larger number of votes than any other candidates
lor the office of Representative. Conceding this to be true
—concerning which, however, there is no evidence, cxcept
what may he implied from the fact that certilicates were
made out and delivered to them— and that 110 inference of
the kind lsdeducible from thiscueum^tanee, is obvious from
the fact that a similar certificate was issued to another gen-
tleman, (Mr. Decker,) who has not seen fit to pie^ent ithere
—and their case is not impiovcd, lor it still remains that
they were not elected under any legulation of the State of
Minnesota having the visor of law. Three Representatives
weie elected, if any wefe; theie was no law for any othei
number. Had there been a law for two, m conformity with
the act of Congress, nou constat Messrs. Phelps and Cava-
naugh, or either of them, would have received a larger num-
bei of votes than Mr. Decker, or some other candidate ; the
people voted for three Representatives; if the election had
been for two, we have no right to assume that voteis who
preferred Mr. Phelps orMi Cavanaugh to the opposition can-
didates, would have piel'erred either of them to 1M1 Becker
To permit the candidates to decide among themselves who
shall be admitted to seats and who shall retire, would be to
transfer the election fioni the people of the State to the can-
didates. Rut it is confidently submitted that the Ilou e has
no right to admit memheis who do not appear to have been
elected by the people ot a State undet the laws theieof. In
the opinion of the undesigned, it would not he within the
authonty, or comport with the dignity, of this House, to re
eeive members who weie not elected under a law of the
State which they claim to repicsci-t, or of Con<*ie^s; 01,
where a laigei number aie letuined than the State is enti-
tled to elect, to authori/.erthem to decide among themselves
who shall be its Representatives.
The State of Delawaie h entitled to one Representative
Suppose she should provide hv law foi the election ol two, j
will it be contended that such a law would be of any foiec
or validity ? And will it be said that it, undet such law, she
should elect two Kepresentatives and send them hcie, it
would not be competent for the Uou-e to reject them both
upon their pi eventing themselves to be sworn in as mem-
bers? And il both might be piopeily lejected, either ninjlit
he ; otherwise 11 might be an election by the llou«\ and not
by the people of Delawaie. Uv what legal and sate iitlee.in
the House pioceed to deteimme wind) of the two pei-oin,
designated and returned under 1 he provisions of such a hiw,
should be admitted as the piopeily-eleeted Repic-cntative
of the State? It is believed theie is none.
If, in this e:w\ Mr. Hceker had pie^ented his creden-
tials, and asked 10 he swotn as a llcpjeseutanve liomMm
nesota, by what mle 01 upon what pi ineiple could tin- llou-e
have decided that the application (iI'Mv-m. Phelps and
Oavanaugh should he pieleiied to Ills ? The (act Hint he
does not appear can add no stienglh to ihei,r position. It is
the light ot the peopleol ."Minnesota Willi which the House
has to do, and 110 auangements between the-f p.iitio^, 110
negligence or deieiienoii on Hie patt ot either of them, can
be penuitted to allect this light.
in the case of Keed r?. Co-den, ^Contested Election*, p
it was decided whe e two candidate*, had an equal
number of votes, the Governor and Council; assuming to
act under a Stare law,' proceeded to decide between them
which should be chosen Repiescntative,' and gave their
certificate of election to Jeiemiah Co>den, who became the
sitting member. This proceeding, being illegal and unwar-
1 anted bv the CoriMitiHion, w.is not admitted as evidence
of his riyht to a st at in the Uou-c "
The committee. 111 their leport, say :
"The Constitution of the Tinted States, aiticle one, sec-
tion two, provides, tliiit k tin: IIoum: ot Kepi erfcntatives shall
be composed ot memheis clio-.cn eveiy second veai by the
people of the seveial States; and the eiectois in each State
-hall have the cjuahliealions iuipu'-ite lor clc< tois of the
most riumeions hianeh of the l.egisl.unre ' Section five of
me same aiticle piovides that'each House shall be the
lUfige of the elections, returns, and qualification of its own
members.'
•'On the fir-t Mondav of October, 1W0, in conformity
witli the law of Mai viand, an election \\ as held by the qual-
ilied elcctotsol the sixth cojigioMonal diMiiet. On that
<iav thev either did 01 did not elect .1 memhei of ConL'ie-,s,
None could be elected utiles-; ho jeeeived a gicatci number
ot votes than wen1 given foi an}' oihei candidate.
'-The teim 'election1 inn.-t mean the act of choo^um,
perfoimed bv the (jurdilied eiectois, m eonfoimitv with the
icquisitjons of the Constitution and laws icgulating the
manner in winch the choice shall be made. It, thcrcfoie,
the legal electors, on the dav appointed, -mould tail to m;ilu:
a choice, u is conlidentJy believed that no othei authonty
of the State (an, at anv other time, make good thus delect.
Let it be supposed ihat the oie  tois should i.ul to attend an
election ; that, suhsequi nth", no < lection is held, w ouid it
then be contended that the executive authontv could, by
lot or otherwise, appoint a Rept.-scutative lor such distiict
m the Congu ss oi the United States ;
u Thi-j ]- a jiow er which it is pic.-umed none will eon tend
dues exist. Vet it is believed to be nothing moi e than that
winch lias been exeicised by the Governor and Council of
Marj land in tiie case undci eouMdcmtion.
" In this case the electors assemble, they proceed to elect,
they make no choice ; they come to 110 constitutional result.
It is asked, what is the difference between the two cases ?
The one would be an appointment, because no election had
been held; the other because no choice had been made.
The committee, being of opinion that the power thus virtu-
ally exercised by the Governor and Council of Maryland, in
appointing a Representative to the Congress of the United
States, being contrary to the express provisions of the Con-
stitution, and one which this House cannot sanction, have
no hesitation in rejecting the official statement of the pro-
ceedings in the case, as evidence of the right of the sitting
member to a seat m this House."
In the case cited, it appears tohavebeeifdecided that it is
not competent for the House to admit as a Representative
one who has not been elected by the " people" of the dis-
trict or State which he claims to represent, and that there
can be no valid election unless it was held under the pro-
visions of a law of the State, consistent with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. This authority would seem to
be decisive of the question referred to the committee.
The highest consultations of policy, and a proper regard
for the authority of Congress, should caution us against the
establishment of a piecedcnt so unsound and pernicious in
principle as this would be, and which, if respected here-
aftei, must lead to manifold inconveniences and abuses.
'The undersigned lecommends the adoption of the follow-
g icsolution:
Resolved, That Messrs. W. W. Phelps and J. M. Cava-
augh aie not entitled to be admitted and swoin as mem-
rrs of this House. L WASHBURN, jr.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
olio wing resolution:
Retired, That W. YV. Phelps and James M. Cavanaugh,
claiming seats as members of tins House liom the Stare ot
Minnesota, be admitted and sworn as such : Provided, That
such admission and qualification shall not be considered as
precluding any contest of their light to seats winch may be
heicalter instituted by any pel son having the light so to do.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that the
resolution which is appended to the minority re-
port, signed by myself, may he considered as be-
fore the House by way of amendment. I do not
know but it would be so considered by the Chair.
If not, 1 desire to offer it as such. iThe resolu-
tion is in the following words:
Resolved* That Messis. W. W. Phelps and J. M. Cava-
naugh aie not entitled to be admitted and swoin as mem-
beis of this House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hone that,
by general consent, a vote will be allowed upon
that resolution, as an amendment to the original
resolution.
Mr. HARPJS, of Illinois. There is no objec-
tion to that.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received.
Mr. STANTON. Since the adjournment of
the House yesterday, it has been ascertained that
there us another certificate of election of niembeis
of Cun^tvss from Minnesota. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to allow it to be read.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to it unless the res-
ignation of the third member is also read.
Mr. HARRIS, of IIHnois. The committee
having been informed tins morning that there was
another paper upon the hies of the House having
some relevancy to this question perhaps, the com-
mittee have directed me to present it, and have it
read. Before I make any remarks upon the sub-
ject, I will send it to the Cleik,and have it read.
The ceitificate was read, and is as follows:
T, Samuel Medaiy, Covenioi of Minnesota, heiebv cer-
tify that, at a general election held on the Kith day of Oc-
tober, 1857, under the constitution adopted by the people of
Minnesota, prepai.it01 y to their admission into the lrmon as
a State, W. W. Phelps, James M Cavanansh, and Geotge
1j. Beckei icceived a majority of the votes east at said elec-
tion for the three membeis ot the I'mted States House of
Repicsentativesof the,Thirty-Filth Conmoss fiom the State
ot Minnesota, piovuled for in the constitution of said Suite ;
and, by the official canvass of said votes, weie, on the 17th
day of lJecembei, lixiT, deelaied dulj elected as such mem-
heis.
In testimony whereof, I have heicunto set my hand,
r -> and atlixed the gieat seal ot Minnesota, this l£th
LT" S'J day of Dut ember, A. 1>. S. M12DARY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I knew nothing of
that paper, nor am I aware that any member of
the Committee of Elections knew of its existence
until last evening after the adjournment of the
| House. The paper was brought to me; and I took
I Hand compared it with the credentials which were
; presented to the House. The paper bears no file
mark. I do not know whore it came from, or for
what purpose it was issued, nor anything about
it, except that it was brought and placed in my
hands. It was first, brought to me by my col-
league upon the Committee of Elections, [Mr.
'[ Gij.mkr.] Whence he obtained it, I do not know.
'| Mr. GILMER. I desire to state that the gen-
, Heman from Ohio [Mr. Rtvn'tost] asked me why
;| we had not that certificate before us. I was ig-
II norant of its existence. lie went, as he informed
me, to the Clerk of the House and obtained it from
the files.
Mr. STANTON. I called upon the Clerk and
told him I desired to see the papers certifying the
Minnesota constitution. Mr. Buck brought me
this certificate, and I took a certified copy of it.
Mr. GILMER. As my friend from Illinois has
an hour in which to conclude this discussion, I
would request him to allow me five or ten min-
utes, that I may read to the House the authorities
upon which the minority base their report.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am willing to
grant ten minutes to the gentleman, as I do not
propose to occupy more than that myself. But,
before I yield, 1 desire to make a remark in rela-
tion to this paper which has been read. I suppose
it is the practice—indeed, I am informed.that it is
the practice—for the Executive or the Secretary
of State of each State, to transmit to the Clerk of
this House, as soon as the votes for members
of Congress from each respective State are can-
vassed, a certified statement, under the laws of
the State, as to who are elected and returned as
members of Congress from those States respect-
ively. This is done in order that the Clerk of
the House may be enabled to make up the roll
of members prior to the assembling of Congress.
I suppose that this paper may have been got up
for that purpose, but I do not know. That sup-
position, at any rate, would account for the paper
being in the hands of the Clerk. In connection
with that paper, I send another one to the Clerk,
which I was instructed by the committee to pre-
sent and have read for the information of the
House, in connection with the pending question.
The paper is signed by Governor Medary and
Joseph R. Brown, who was with him upon the
board of canvassers. It will be remembered that
the constitution of Minnesota provided that the
votes should be canvassed by a board consisting
of Joseph R. Brown, (who, I believe, was a Dem-
ocrat,) Thomas J. Galbraith, (a Republican,) and
the Governor. Some question having been raised
as to the canvass, those two gentlemen sent the
letter to the claimants, giving their version of the
number of votes cast. Although it is not an offi-
cial document, I ask that it may be read in this
connection as a part of my remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is understood
that that paper is read merely as part of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Illinois, and not as
a portion of the evidence.
The SPEAKER. It is read as part of the gen-
tleman's remarks.
The letter was read, as follows.
W ohington, March 13, 185S.
Grntij-men : In answci to your icquest of this day that
we would turnisdi you with a statement of the vote* can-
vassed by u-, iC a.-< members of the boaid of can vaster j cre-
ated und'er the piovisioiis of the constitution of Minnesota
for meniliervs ot Congress fiom that sState,'"' w'e would teply
that we nave no means at hand ot a>eeitaming the e.\aet
vote polled in the State of Mmnesot 1 and canvassed hy us
as memheis of the boaid of canvassers, othei than publica-
tions contauuni,' what pui ports to be the lcsult of that vote
a? .shown by the official canvass,
We can sav, however, that, accoiding to the repoitof the
boaid of canvasM'is, W. W. Phelps received the lii2he>t
number ot votes, and J. M. Cavanaugh the ne\t hianeit
niiinbe! of votes tor member? of Con;jie-<, and were de-
clared duly elected to repiesent the State ot Minnesota m
the Hoiico of Repiesentauves of the United States for two
}..ais.
We believe the vote for members of Congress m Minne-
sota is coi icctly exhibited, to the best of oui recollection, m
the published table of the lesult of the late election in the
Tnbune Almanac for 1808.
Very ic^pectfully, your obedient servant?,
S. MEDARY,
JOSEPH K, BROWN.
Hon. W. W. Phpm-x* and J. M. Cavunutc.h.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. This statement is
corroborated by all the information which the
committee has been able to obtain. The state-
ment, as published in theTribune Almanac, gives,
to Mr. Phelps eighteen thousand two hundred
and eighteen votes, to Mr. Cavanaugh eighteen
thousand and sixty-four votes, and to Mr. Becker
eighteen thousand and nineteen votes; thus cor-
roborating the statement made by the gentlemen
whose names are signed to that communication.
I have compared these papers, and suppose it is
true that they both originated in the executive
oilire of Minnesota. They are both drawn on
precisely similar paper, drawn in the same hand-
writing, and boar manifest evidence of both being
genuine.
But for my own part, I suppose that the pre-
sentation of this paper does not alter the position
