1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
Mr. TOOMBS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Y. Hansell, William H. Underwood, and the
executor of Samuel Rockwall, deceased, praying
for compensation for services in negotiating the
treaty of 1835, with the Cherokee Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Eli^a
A. Merchant, widow of Charles G-. Merchant,
late of the Army, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mar-
blehead, Massachusetts, praying that the pro-
visions of the bounty land law of March 3,3855,
may be extended to the privateersmen of the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the petition of Ed-
win M. Chaftce, praying for an extension of his
patent for preparing India rubber and applying
it without the use of a solvent; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
Mr. KING presented the petition of the hcirs-
at-law of Aaron Childs, deceased; the petition of
Emily J. W est, widow of Joseph West, deceased;
the petition of George Stow; the petition of the
heir-at-law of David Reese, deceased; the petition
of Silas Hopkins; the petition of Prances E. Lay
and Mary Atkins, heirs-at-]aw of Eli Hart, de-
ceased; the petition of the administrator of John
Latta, deceased; the petition of the executor of
Isaac Colt, deceased; the petition of the heirs-at-
law of Martin Daley, deceased; the petition of
the heirs-at-law of Elisha Ensign, deceased; and
the petition of Polly Hoyt, widow of Joseph D.
Hoyt, deceased; praying indemnity for property
destroyed by the enemy on the Niagara frontier
in the war of 1812; which were lefeired to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BROWN. I present the memorial of A.
L. Bleccker and his associates, praying that the
Postmaster General may bp authorized to contract
with them for the conveyance of the mails be-
tween Panama and Valparaiso. I present the
memorial because I am requested to do so, and
not because I approve its object. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
It was so referred.
Mr. BROWN also presented the petition of
Frances Cato, widow of Burrel Cato, a soldier in
the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition ofThomas
E. Williams, praying to be allowed additional
compensation for the time he was employed as
superintendent of the saw-millatthe Washington
navy-yard; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a memorial from
the Common Council of the city of Philadelphia,
remonstrating against the location of the post office
in that city in the building purchased from the
Bank of Pennsylvania. I am informed that there
were fifty-six members of the Common Council
present when this memorial was signed, and that
fifty-three of them signed it.
I am also requested to present one hundred and
six memorials, signed by many thousands of the
citizens of Philadelphia, who remonstrate against
this location of the post office. Some gentlemen
of Philadelphia have desired me to say that more
than forty thousand names have been presented
to the Post Office Department against the location,
and the PostmasterGcncral has consented to with-
holdoperationsfor the present. It is therefore de-
sirable that this matter should be acted on as soon
as possible by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which I move that these me-
morials be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented addi-
tional papers in support of the claim of William
Moss; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of the
register and receiver of the land office at Helena,
Arkansas, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. PIJGH presented the petition of Hugh
Ferguson and James Robb, representing that they
have not received the quantity of bounty land to
which they are justly entitled, and praying that |
it may be allowed to them; which was referred to |
the Committee on Public lands. i
He also presented a petition of citizens of Ports- j
mouth, Ohio, praying that a national bank may i
be chartered, the revenue laws so adjusted as to {
raise sufficient for the expenses of the Govern-
mentand yield protection to labor and capital, and
that the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
may be divided among the States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRODERICK presented the petition of
J. W. Sullivan, praying for indemnity for losses
caused by the repeated failure of the mail be-
tween New Orleans and San Francisco; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered^ That the petition o!' Alexander Kcef, and the
petition of Joseph Chase, Dartmooi pr^oners. on the files of
the Senate, be leleired to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Rachel Posey, on the files
of the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That Michael R. Clark havo leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memoual of Salhe Eola Renean, on
the tiles of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on
Public Land?.
On motion of Mr. DTTRKEE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the legal representatives
of Jamo* Bell, on tho files ot the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims.
REPORT ON PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Revolved* That five hundiod additional copies of tho re-
port ot the Commi^imicr of Public Buildings be printed tor
the use ot the Commissioner.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEFS.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on the Post
[ Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of W. S. Munday, J. Knox Walker,
! and others, with reference to the protection of a
i mail route through Arizona, asked to be dis-
; charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Territories; which was agiccd to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Nathaniel Champe, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; which was agieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Hudgins, ad-
ministrator of Mrs. Ruth Murphy, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;!
which was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the acts
which regulate the registry and license of vessels,
so as to relieve the owners of vessels constructed
chiefly to navigate canals, but which also enter
into tide water.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent!
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 46) to :
grant the right of preemption m certain lands to j
the Indiana Yearly Meeting of Friends; which!
was read twice by its title, and referred to the !
Committee on Public Lands. |
SPECIAL COMMITTEE SERVICE. j
Mr. HUNTER. I perceive that I have been j
appointed a member of the select committee on ;
the French spoliation bill. [ have so much com- j
mittee service imposed on me this year that 1 am
constrained to ask the Senate to excuse me from
service on that committee. Some one should be
put on it who is not very much engaged in com-
mittee service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I also wish to put in my own
petition to the same effect. I have been connected
a good deal with this class of claims, and have
voted for them. I think I have examined them
sufficiently. I am much engaged in committee
service, and I join in the request of the Senator
from Virginia to be excused from service on this
special committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
put the questions to the Senate separately. "Will
the Senate excuse the Senator from Viiginia?
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will not be excused, unless all of us who
have a good deal of committee work shall be ex-
cused also. The end of this motion, if carried,
will be that you cannot raise a select committee
at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I also hope that the Sen-
ate will not excuse the honorable Semi tor from
Virginia for the reason given. There has been,
as 1 know from my connection with the matter,
very considerable difficulty in getting a select
committee on this subject, all the members of the
Senate having so much business to attend to.
The committee has been carefully made up of
honorable gentlemen who are favorable, arid those
also who are opposed, to the measure. I think
that if the Senators who make this request will
consider the matter for a moment, they will be
induced to withdraw it, for the simple reason
that the subject has been so thoroughly investi-
gated, there are so many reports in regard to it,
and the minds of Senators, as a general rule, are
so thoroughly informed, that no very particular
investigation can now be required. All these
Senators have examined the subject before, and
come to their conclusions upon it. The business
of drawing a report, if any is necessary, will de-
volve on the chairman. The difficulty that will
arise, will be that whoever may be appointed to
fill the places of the Senators may also request to
be excused, and the Senate will find considerable
difficulty m filling them. I do not believe it will
add to the labors of gentlemen on the committee
any further than the slight labor of attending a
meeting or two previous to their making a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
excuse the Senator from Virginia from service on
the select committee in reference to the French
spoliation claims?
The question was decided in the negative; and
the Senator was not excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
excuse the Senator from Georgia from service on
the same committee ? .
The question was decided m the negative; and
he was not excused.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Crittenden, on
December 19, 1857, and postponed to this day:
Resolved by the Senate, That in eon side) ation of the
financial condition of the country and its industrial inter-
ests. as well as of the wants and euibairas^ments of the
Treasury of the United States, the rates nf duty levied
under the tariff act of the 3d of March, 1857, ought to b8
materially increased.
Resolved fuither, That expci icncc having demonstrated
that the present mode of ascei taming the dutiable value of
imported goods is productive of monstrous frauds, injurious
alike to the Government and the honest importer, a sys-
tem of home valuation ought to be immediately substituted
therefor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr- President, I do not
propose, upon this occasion, at all to enter into
anything like an elaborate discussion of the sub-
jects embraced in these resolutions. They con-
tain propositions of a character so distinct and
obvious in their purposes, that but little is neces-
sary to be said to place them fully within the
comprehension of the Senate.
Since these resolutions were introduced,-we
have passed at bill authorizing the issuing of
$20,000,000 of'Treasury notes within one year.
It strikes me that it is necessary and wise for us,
at the same time that we create this demand of
420,000,000 upon the Treasury, to provide the
means of payments It is a very easy thing to
contract debt;'it is a very easy thing to supply
the Treasury of the United States by such means
as these; but if we are not careful always to pro-
vide for their redemption in proper time, we are
in danger of being seduced before we know it
and are sensible of it, to the delay and postpone-
ment of measures proper in such an exigency;
and we are thus in great danger of finding our-
selves involved in debt beyond our means of pay-
ment.
The first proposition contained*in the resolu-
