1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
1289
iitical combination existed in the northern States,
ready to renew the contest with unabated fierce-
ness upon the first available pretext. The first
practical result from the rejection of the Wilmot
proviso was to be reached before the country, on
the basis of free arid unrestricted sovereignty, ar^d
therefore it was that everybody in the whole
Union, who desired her peace and repose from
this distracting subject, was anxious that, on this
topic, there should be left no pretext for objection,
whatever might be the result of the decision in
Kansas. It was a subject in which alone and
solely, as to Kansas, the country ot large felt an
interest, and a deep interest, though no right of
control. I rejoice, therefore, that the conven-
tion did submit it to the people for their adjust-
ment.
The result to me was unexpected, I confess. I
expected the slave clause would be stricken out.
But the vote is before me. It is legal, formal, and
ummpeached, as to its majority. There is no dis-
pute as to which way the majority of the conceded
legal votes is. It was argued here, on the prece-
dent of the New Jersey broad seal controversy,
the other day, that we have a right to go behind
the returns for the purpose of setting aside this
vote. In that case there was a suppressed vote
kept back by the returning officers, which, when
produced, changed the result of the election. I
say, now, in answer to that argument, bring for-
ward, if you can, a suppressed vote in Kansas
on the 21st of December last, sufficient to change
the majority the other way, and I will yield at
once, and I will not allow this constitution. But
you do not pretend that there is any such sup-
pressed vote. Nobody believes it; and there is
not the slightest evidence or allegation that there
is such a vote suppressed and kept back. And,
therefore, there remains not a shadow of le^al or
reasonable doubt that the vote of the 21st of De-
cember must be conclusive
But it is said by some members here, that they
pledged themselves before their constituents that
this whole constitution should be submitted to
the popular vote. I would like to know where
they got authority to make such pledges? 1
never had authority to make them, either by the
law or the constitution, or the precedents in our
legislative history. And I assure you I never
could have been so unguarded as to make such
pledges. I did contend that Kansas must decide
for slavery or against slavery herself, and arrange
her institutions-!!! her own way. And 1 am sure
I was just as well aware then, as I am now, what
ways she might choose for herself, as other States
had done. All that I protested against was, that
New Jersey, New York, and all or any of the
other States should undertake to determine those
institutions for her, and illegally interfere in the
matter. And when gentlemen say they cannot
go back to their constituents who elected them
without requiring a popular vote on this whole
constitution, or that those constituents would find
fault, ] ask them once more to pause and see by
what right either they or their constituents can
enforce now, or at any time, a tlung that no con-
stitutional, legal, or customary injunction can be
found for? I rejoice that the question about which
any possible technical objection could be raised—
X mean the slavery clause—was submitted to the
people. This appeared to interest the nation.
Slavery was made a bone of contention in the
councils of the nation, and it was judicious and
wise to submit that question to the people of Kan-
sas on that account. I do not say that it was ne-
cessary. But if there wets a necessityf as some con-
tend, that the slavery question must be submitted,
that necessity has been satisfied, and we do wrong
to indulge any cavils on that score.
But, says my colleague, if a necessity existed
for the submission of thn slavery question to the
popular vote, after the convention had arranged
the constitution, the same necessity existed as to
every other part. This by no means follows, as
has been shown here over and over again. What
is the wording of the clause of the Nebraska bill
on this subject? and what is the subject-matter of
that clause"? It is this very subject of slavery.
The clause is as follows:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act -not to
le-'Ulate slavery into anv Temtoiy or State.nor to exclude
lt'tbeiofiom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate then domestic institutions m their
own way, subject only to the Constitution ol the United
States."
This clause is alone apt and germane in the plan
which holds in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, in the
shape of a corollary—a necessary, unavoidable
corollary, from the repeal of the Missouri restric-
tion in the same act, and an enunciation or reitera-
tion of the doctrines involved in the compromise
measures of 1850. This is the legislative character
and relation of the clause; and if so, applies to
slavery alone in this place. The statement of the
corollary would seem to be surplusage, because
self-evident; and is by some considered to be'sur-
plusage. But, inasmuch as it was inserted in the
bill, many others have contended that it imposed
the necessity of a popular vote on the question
of slavery, before it should be incorporated in the
constitution; and it was to meet the views of these
latter expositors that the convention in this case
did submit this question to a popular vote, so that
nobody should be left unsatisfied. And yet my
colleague, the other day, undertook a tilt m logic
with Mr. Buchanan, upon the views he had set
forth in his messages on this subject, and fairly
strove to drive the President into a logical incon-
sistency. In my opinion, the effort was unsuc-
cessful, although the encounter was a laudable
one. I like the self-reliance and bravery which it
exhibited. Unfortunately, legislative contexts
were in the way, and blocked the conclusion of
my colleague.
One word more, and I will dismiss this whole
case for the present. It is said that this consti-
tution cannot be altered before 1864. I think dif-
ferently. I have no space for argument on that
point now. If it can be altered, as I believe it e?\n
be, it will be done in some legal way. If it cannot
be done, as some say it cannot, I cannot help it.
I did not make it; and am not responsible in this
behalf. New Jersey once had a constitution
which was upon its face declared to be " firm and
inviolable." But it so happened'that in 1844 a
constitutional convention was called by the Le-
gislature, and a new constitution made, under
which we now live and have our being, all secure
and safe, as we think. That constitution was sub-
mitted to the people, as the legislative act which
called the convention required it to be done. It
was ratified by a majority of all the votes cast, the
whole of which votes, for and against it, being
j 23,870, all told; while at the presidential election,
' held the same year, 76,207 voles were cast. It ;
was adopted by a small minority of voters in the \
State. So our constitution was changed notwith- I
standing its declared firmness and inviolability; j
and that by a minority of voters in the State. I ■
suppose the same thing may be done elsewhere, 1
although I do not mean to dictate that it shall be
done elsewhere nolens volcns.
But certain gentlemen are very much stunned
by a vote taken on the 4th of January last, where-
in some ten thousand votes are said to be cast
against this Lecompton constitution. Now, I
have to say, in the first place, that it is not fair
for us to take for granted as true the record made
up by our political enemies, and repudiate the
proven record of our side. But for the strength
of argument, it is sometimes done. In the second
place, that vote was without the authority of sov-
ereignty, and could not set aside a completed, per-
fected constitution, made and ratified by that sov-
ereignty, in convention and otherwise, as in the
present instance. In the third place, the^ sup-
posed or ascertained dissatisfaction of a majonty
of voters to-day, against a member of Co tigress, or
governor, or constable, who was legally elected
last year, does not invalidate his official acts, nor
screen those who elected him from the respons-
ibility of his acts. He, by constitutional and
legal intendment, does their work notwithstand-
ing. This is all I have to say in reply to the an-
nouncement of the vote of January 4, be it what
it may in reference to this constitution.
And now 1 have said all that this opportunity
allows me to say. I shall give my vote in this
matter with confidence, and under a sincere con-
viction of the correctness of my position. So firm
and so confident am I, that I am discharging my
duty in this behalf, that 110 consideration can make
me falter or hesitate. The consequences belong
to the future. I trust they may be subservient
to the interests, the peace, and stability of the
whole country. If they are, I shall have my re-
ward in the common enjoyments, of a once more
fraternized people. If they are not, I shall still
rejoice that I have had the opportunity, m this
place of responsibility, to make an honest effort
to secure those blessings.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, while the
compromise measures of 1850 were under considr
eration in Congress, it was asserted that their
enactment was necessary in order-that this whole
controversy upon the subject of slavery, should
end; that sill discussion thereafter in these-Halls
should cease; and that this "vexed question"
should be forever settled. At the convention of
the Democratic party, assembled in Baltimore in
1852, it was resolved 45 that the Democratic party
will resist all slavery agitation in or out of Con-
gress." President Pierce, in his annual message
in December, 1853, speaking of the slavery ques-
tion, said:
" It is no part of ray purpose to give prominence to any-
subject which may properly be regarded as set at rest by
the deliberate judgment of the people. But while the pres-
ent is bright with promise, and the future is full of demand
and inducements forthe exercise of active intelligence, the
past can never be without useful lessons of admonition and
instruction. If its dangers serve not as beacons, they will
evidently fail to fulfill the objects of a wise design. When
the grave shall have closed over all who are now endeavor-
ing to meet the obligations of duty, the year 1850 will be
recuired to a3 a period filled with anxious apprehension.
A successful war had just terminated. Peace brought with
it a vast augmentation of territory. Disturbing questions
arose, bearing upon the domestic institutions of o,no portion
of the Confederacy, and involving the constitutional rights
ot the States. But notwithstanding differences of opinion
and sentiment which then existed in relation to details and
specific provisions, the acquiescence of distinguished citi-
zens, whose devotion to the Union can never be doubted,
has given renewed vigor to our institutions, and restored a
sense of repose and security to the public mind throughout
! the Confederacy. That this repose is to suffer no shock dur-
j ing mi/ official term, if I have power to avert it, those who
! placed me here may be assured."
That portion of those who placed him there,
who exercise a controlling influence in the affairs
of this nation, and whose god is slavery, wished
for no such assurance. They were fully aware
that he possessed no power, of any kind, which
they could not control; they knew " the present
was as bright with promise as the future was full
of demand." That future was very near; and
when it came, they found, as in the past, that the
northern supplies were equal to the southern de-
mand. On the 4th of January following, a bill
was reported to the Senate repealing that solemn
compact which had been entered into in good
faith, in 1820, between the North and the South,
after a most exciting contest in relation to the ad-
mission of Missouri as a slave State; that slavery
should forever be excluded from all the Territo-
ries of the United States north of 36° 30' north
latitude. After thirty-four years of peaceful ac-
quiescence in that agreement, during which the
South had appropriated all the territory south of
that line to slavery, and as soon as it became ne-
cessary to organize a government for a Territory
north of that hue, it was then, and not until then,
coolly proposed to annul that agreement. On the
24th day of May, 1854, that compact, so solemnly
! entered into, was, in violation of all good faith, of
' all honor, and of all honesty, broken by the South
—in violation, too, of all the pledges made by the
Democratic party that they would resist the fur-
ther agitation of slavery, either in or out of Con-
gress. Where now was the " sense of repose and
security" which had been restored " to the public
mind ?" Where the 4' repose "which was to " suf-
fer no shock during my official term?" What
had become of the " deliberate judgment of the
people," which had " set at rest" the subject of
slavery ? Jt was utterly disregarded by southern
masters as by northern serfs.
Sir, the despotism of the nineteenth century,
American slavery, grants no repose to its victims,
either white or black. Its cry is " give 1 give !"
and it is never satisfied. While seemingly repos-
ing, it is drawing its folds more closely around its
victims, or strengthening itself for new conquests.
It is well to remark, that while this proposition
to abrogate the restriction upon the extension of
slavery was pending in Congress, it met with no
favor with the people of the non-slavcholding
States, and was carried m opposition to their
known will and in the face of their loud remon-
strances. In its passage the principles of a rep-
resentative government were, ruthlessly violated,
and the executive power of the nation, through
the immense patronage it dispenses, was brought
to bear upon the representatives of the people to
induce them to act in opposition to the known
will of their constituents. The same corrupting
