2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
repugnant, then the same is utterly void; as if the same par-
ties, bv several indentures of the same date, do return two
several persons to be burgesses, in one and the same man-
ner, and for one and the same place, to the sheriff, and be,
in the like manner, do equally, and without distinction,re-
turn them over to the court; in such case, neither of the
parties so returned, are to be admitted into the House till
the return be amended."
I will not consume any more time of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and, thanking him for his
courtesy, I yield him the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, resumed the floor.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois, who is chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, whether or not the gentlemen
who are to he sworn in under the resolution, have
not certificates from the proper legal authorities
in Minnesota ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand they
have, and I will explain it more fully as I pro-
ceed .
Mr. KEITT. And I want to know whether
anybody contests their seats?—in other wo-rds,
whether these two men have the proper returns >
for we are to judge of the returns and qualifica-
tions, and contestants can come forward hereaf-
ter.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] predicates his
who'e argument upon the ground that we are here
to try the election of these two gentlemen—a ponH
entirely disclaimed by the committee. The ques-
tion of their election is not in controversy. The
only question is, whether they present themselves
in such attitude, and with such papers or creden-
tials, as to entitle them, no one appearing to con-
test then- right, to be admitted and sworn in. That
is the question, and the only question.
I will, before I reply more fully to the argument
of the gentleman from North Carolina, respond
to the inquiries of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. ICeitt.] By the twenty-lust section
of the schedule adopted by the Minnesota con-
vention, which framed the constitution of Minne-
sota, it is provided that—
" The MHurns of tniid election, loi and against tin-* con-
stitution, and to  all Slate officer and inembois of the Ifou^c
oi'llepie^'iitatives of the United States, shall lie made and
ct't iifiratoji tailed m the nuumei now pieseiihed bv l.iw fur
retiumng voto.i givtm f<u Jielejjato to Congic-'x , and thi' re-
turn-; loi all district olhoers., judicial, legislative, ot oiher-
\\im\ shall lie made to the register 01 deed-; of the senior
county in e.ieU in the manner prescribed bv law,
eveeju sis otherwise provided. The renins foi all ottieei-,
elecied at huge shall he canvassed by the (invei nor ol ihe
Tei moi \, assi-Med b\ JoM'ph R. ft town and Thomas J. U.il-
hraah, .it the time dei-fanated by law lor canvassing the vote
toi Delegate to Congiess."
It will be observed, then, that the constitution
designates a board of eomnnssioneis, composed
of the Governor, J. R. Brown, (who, with the
Governor, signed the paper which was read a
shoi t time since at the Clerk's desk,) and Thomas
J Galbraith, and that the ee-lificates have been
issued m (he manner then prescribed by law for
returning voles given for Delegate to Conures*.
i>y turning to the-organic act, it, will be found
that, it pi ovtdes that the Governor of the Temtoi y
shall issue his certificate precisely in the fotm in
which it has been issued in this case. The con-
stitution referred back to that law, and follows
that law in its direction, and a certificate is  iven
not only in conformity with the organic law re-
ferred to in the constitution, but in conformity
with the constitution itself.
I am, then, prepared to answer the question of
the gentleman from South Carolina, that these
certificates are precisely m the form contemplated
by the oi^anic law of the Territory, which is
adopted for the purposes of tins election, and made
i\ paitof the organic law of the State, and that
there can he no question, m my judgment, as to
thcr legality, and their light to be received here
in full faith and ciedit.
Mr. WAS! 1 f KIRN, of Maine. The position
which I take in that respect is, that the constitu-
tion does provide that the Governor of the Terri-
tory may issue a certificate of election. Without
that permission, the Governor of the Territory
would have no more light to give certificates than
any other person, and it would have no effect
whatever. When, then, we are refeired to the
constitution to obtain this am hoi ltj', we seem
that same instrument that Minnesota is entitled
to th>ee Representatives, that she is entitled to
elect three, and we find by ciedenttuls sent to the
Clerk of this House that she has, 111 fact, electcd
three. We have also judicial knowledge, if I
may so speak, of the fact that the State is entitled
by law of Congress to but two Representatives;
and, therefore, I hold that the objection is vital,
and cannot be got over. The credentials them-
selves, and the facts referred to in them, and of
which we have knowledge,actual and legal, show
that there has not been, and that there could by no
possibility havebeen, a legal election. Therefore, the
credentials themselves show, in connection with
the laws of which we have knowledge, that there
is not even a 'prima, facie case; but they negative
that presumption absolutely and without remedy;
and it is impossible for the House, at any future
time, to come to a different result, for it is now
in possession of all the facts bearing upon this
point.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I yielded to the gen-
tleman for a question, not fora speech. The gen-
tleman is playing on the same instrument that is
played upon here all the time. He is discussing
the question of election,which wasentirelyignored
by the committee. We are not discussing that
question, and do not propose to do it. We are
discussing the right of members to be sworn and
admitted to their seats here on the credentials
which they present. When the question of elec-
tion comes up we will decide that; but, until it is
presented by some person claiming a better right
than they have, we do not propose to decide that
question.
Now, sir, as to the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. He says that none
but "States" can elect members to Congress.
Now, Minnesota, at the time she elected these
members to the House, was a State, subject only
to the act of admission by Congress. She had a
constitution framed in pursuance of an act of
Congress—a solemn legislative act, fully author-
izing her to prepare herself to become a State.
Sin1 acted under that authority in the formation
of her constitution. The recognition by Congiess
of that constitution opeiated back, and made valid
all the steps that had been taken by the people of
Minnesota to become a State. It is one of the
attributes of a sovereign State of the Union that
she shall have u representative in each House of
Congress. She h-\s a right to take all necessi.uy
steps to be represented in the Senate and m the
House, immediately on her -vdmission. If not,
how long is she to be deprued of that light?
Aie we to allow States to come into the Union
without repiesentation in either of its legislative
branches; and if so, what conditions are you to
put upon them 5 LIow long are they to be so de-
pnved '
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman desire <ui answei to that question ?
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. Not only have they
the 11<>ht, nppaient and open to the obsenaiion
comprehension and approbation ofeveiy one, to
prep.ire themselves for representation upon ad-
mission , but, it has been the umfoi m practice since
the oi«.mizau<m of the Government, where States
had elected Representatives and members before
tiie act of admission, to allow them to take their
seats when the act of admission is consummated.
This is the first time I have ever known any objec-
tion to any member so elected, except, possibly,
in the case of the State of California; but there it
was not on this question, but on the question of
their being elected by general ticket. Gentlemen,
thereto) e, on the other side of this question, have
not only the theory of the Government to com-
bat, but also the whole practice of both Houses
of Congress, from its commencement down.
But the gentkunan from North Carolina [Mr.
Gii.mlu] makes another objection. He says that
the act of 1842 requires that members shall be
elected by districts. Now, one word on that point.
The second section of the act of June 25, 1842,
provided that, " in every case where a Slate is en-
titled to more than one Representative, the num-
ber to which each State shall be entitled under
this apportionment shall be elected bv districts,"
composed of contiguous territory, &c. It was
intended bv that act to limit its operation to that
epportionmentalone. The subsequent act of 1851
did not reenaet that provision; and it expired by
its own limitation. If it were notso, the Twenty-
Eighth Congress, meeting the-year after that act
was passed, rejected and repudiated it by a vote of
more than two to one, as being an act not passed
in conformity with the Constitution, and being
void; and members from four States of the Union,
New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Mis-
souri, were admitted to seats on the floor of this
House, against the provisions of the law. It never
has been recognked; and I believe that, with the
exception of two Congresses, from the day it
passed, down, members have held their places
here who were elected by general ticket.
I take it that these are the only points really
involved in this case. As to the statement made
by my colleague, [Mr. Washburne,] that the re-
turns as they were originally made, gave Mr.
Becker, of whom I know nothing, more votes than
either of the other members. He says that that
is the statement of another Tribune. I know not
which of the Tribunes have the most weight with
my colleagues. I claim that which is referred to by
the paities, and on which they are willing to rely.
I understand, however, that these are the facts in
regard to these returns: that before any returns
were opened by the board of canvassers named
in the constitution, Governor Medary and Mr.
Galbraith (who was the Republican member of
the board) agreed on certain rules which should
govern them in the reception or rejection of re-
turns or votes. In that agreement Mr. Brown
did not concur; but one Republican and one Dem-
ocrat did ajrree that in deciding on the legality and
admissibility of the returns, they would be gov-
erned by certain rules. They supposed that with-
out such agreement there might be serious diffi-
culties in regard to votes. When the votes were
opened and counted, according to the agreement
which they had made in good faith, many returns
which were informal and illegal were rejected;
and that may have affected Mr. Becker's vote. I
do not know that such is the fact. The legality
of the returns was a matter which the canvassing
officers had aright to decide; and the returns which
they made are binding on us until they are ques-
tioned, controverted, and set aside by the House;
so that if it be, as stated by my colleague, that the
votes cast gave a different complexion to the ma-
jorities of the diffeient members, it is a matter of
no consequence here, because the canvassing offi-
cers were the proper persons to decide on the
validity of the rcturps.
Mr STANTON Would the gentleman from
Illinois hold that, these gentlemen were entitled to
be sworn m if they presented a joint certificate >
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will reply to the
gentleman as the Chair does sometimes—that I
will decide that point wheti it arises; and I say to
him further, that I am not deciding the question
of elect'on, and do not propose to do so.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would the
gentleman have them sworn in on that kind of a
return 5
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. This paper is not
r;iven as a iciurn. The membeis came heic with
ceitain papeis which they sav are the credentials
whuh acciedit them to this House. That paper
has not been in the possession of the House. Wo
are hying the case by the record before us. I do
no! know that there is any legal mode bv which
this paper got into the hands of the Clerk. I do
not suppose there was. It was a volunteer doc-
ument sent to the Clerk, not to be placed bofoie
the House, and it never has been until this morn-
ing, and in this informal way. It bears no file-
mark, and "is entitled to no consideration by the
House.
Mr. STANTON" I ask if that is not the ordi-
nary evidence relumed by the Executive of a Ter-
ritory or State on which members are sworn in in
the first instance ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
there is a piactice in some of the S'atos of making
a return to the Cloik, for what purpose I do not
know, and I do not care, if there were others
here contesting the light of these ireutlemen, and
claiming their seats, 1 maintain that even then
these members would be stiil entitled to be sworn
in, and the whole subject referied to the Commit-
tee of Election*, through which it may subse-
quently come up m the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of M uylaod. I desire to inquire
of my friend from 1'hnois, whether the member
presenting a certificate, authenticates the certifi-
cate and the seal it bears, or whediertlie seal does
not authenticate the u°:ht of the member ?
Air. HARRIS, of Illinois. The cei tific-He with
its broad seal, gives the holders apri.na facie right'
to their seats, and wo have to determine it upon
