1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
their credentials alone—nothing else; and the
Committee of Elections have confined their in-
quiries to the questions referred to them in the
resolution of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, I wish to ask
the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot yield the
floor further.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman from Illinois refuse to allow me to ask a
question ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
expressly stated that he would not again yield the
floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will permit the
gentleman fiom Maine to ask his question.
Mr. WASPIBURN, of Maine. My question
is, whether, if these credentials arc sufficient now
to admit these gentlemen to seats upon this floor,
they are not also sufficient to entitle them to re-
tain their seats, and to prevent any one from con-
testing their seats?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Certainly not. If
no one comes forward to claim their seats, of
course they will retain them. If their seats arc
contested, of course the question will be referred
to the Committee of Elections, and be passed upon
by the House. In the case of the California elec-
tion, objection was made immediately on the pre-
sentation of the credentials of the members. But,
notwithstanding, they were sworn in, and allowed
to take their seats. And so it has been in every
case.
But sir, I do not propose to detain the House
further in this matter. I hope the vote will be
taken; and I shall be satisfied with the decision
of the House, whatever it may be.
Mr. HILL. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put.
1 do it for the purpose of making a suggestion or
motion which I hope will place tins matter in a
position which will be satisfactory to all parties
in this controversy. I send up a proposition
which I propose to offer if the House reconsiders
the vote by which the main question was ordered
to be put.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to the reading of any
poper that is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did the gen-
tleman from Georgia vote with the majority on
ordering the mam question 5
Mr. HILL- I did not vote at all.
The SPEAKER. Then itis not competent for
the gentleman to make the motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. For the purpose of en-
abling the gentleman from Georgia to submit his
proposition, I submit the motion to leconsider.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did the gen-
tleman ftom Tennessee vote with the majority?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Mi. HILL. I now ask that my proposition
may be reported.
Air. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Georgia cannot have his proposition read, I will
withdraw my motion to reconsider.
Mr. HILL. Cannot my proposition be read 5
The SPE \K>~R. Only by unanimousconsent.
Mr. BMIKSDALE. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. [Cries of " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. HUGHES. How did the proposition of
the gentleman ft\,in Maine come before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It was admitted by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Maine pro-
poses to amend the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] by striking
out ail after the word " Resolved,and inseiting
the following:
That W. W. Phelps nnd J. M. Cavanaugh are
not entitled to be admitted and sworn as member of this
IIou.-e.:"
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 74, nays 125, as follows:
YUAtf — Me* Abbott, A-hUcw-. Ih:im inu-t, fiius?-
hn<u. iiiiin. 11 nfliue>n, L'ui iinc '.me. Chal-
ice. Uzi.i Claik, Clu\v-on, Collar. Cia^n. Ddunell, Davis
of Mainland, Davis oi'Masaachusctts, Davisoi Iowa, Dean,
Dick. Dodd, ,Durfee, Eustis, Fenton, Foster, Oilman, Gil-
mer,Gooeli, Gianger, Grow, J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard,
Hoilon, Howard, Kolsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Lovejoy, Hum-
phrey Maiohai!, Matteson, Millson, Moigan, Morrill, Free-
man II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bing Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade, Walhridge, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, El-
hhu B. Washhume, Israel Washburn, and Wilson—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ah!, Anderson, Arnold, At-
kins, Avery, Batksdale, Bishop, Bliss, Bocoek, Boyce, Bur-
nett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark,
Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Comins,
Coining, Cox, James Craig, Crawfoid, Curry, Curtis, David-
son, Davis oflndiana, Davis ot Mississippi, Dawes, t)e wart,
Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmunds-on, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, GilJis, Goode, Greenwood,
Gte?g, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Ilailan, Thomas L.
Hanis, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jack-
son, Jcrikms, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C.
Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawienco, Leiter, Letcher, Mac-
lay, McKiblnu, Me&ueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Mavnatd, Mile^, Miller, Moore, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac
N. Moirn, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phiihps,
Pottle, Powell. Purvianee,(luitniau, Heady, Reagan, Reilly,
Rulfin, RusbCll, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seward,
Aaion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Walking White,
Wlnteley, Wmsiow, Woodson, Wortendyke, John V.
Wright,'and Zollicolfcr—l^o.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RUFFIN stated that Mr. Craige, of North
Carolina, had paired off with Mr. Goodwin.
Mr. LOVEJOY stated that Mr. Farnsworth
had paired off with Mr. Bowie.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
I-Iatcii had paired off with Mr. Fenton.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, stated that Mr.
Wood had paired off-with some gentleman on the
other side of the House, he did not know whom.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Olin.
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Leidy had
paired off with some gentleman on the other side
of the House, he did not recollect, whom.
Mr. PALMER stated, that Mr. Searing had
paired olf with Mr. Sherman, of New York, until
two o'clock to-day.
Mr. COVODE stated that Mr. Bennett had
paired off with Mr. Bowie.
The question recurring1 upon the resolution of
the majority of the committee,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 135, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS —Mfv^rs. Admin. Ah', Anderson, Arnold, Atkms,
Aveiv. Baik-dale, Bi-hop, Bh^, P.ocoek, Boyce, Biyan,
Burnett, Bum-, Campbell, Camthei-i, (Ja-'kie, Chapman,
John r>. Cl.uk Cla\, Clemens-, Cobb. John CocInane. Oock-
fiiil, Coming Co.n:ni£. Covode, Coy, Junior Ctrug, Cuuv-
'brd, Cmrv, Curh-, Davidson, Davn ot Indiana, Davi* of
Mi-sk'-ippi, D.iwe--, Dcvv.ui, Dimnnck, Edmnnd-on. El-
hoit, Ensh-h, Fauiktie!, FIoi.mioc, Caiticil. Ciili-,
Goode. (hec nwood, Gicuu:, Gioesbeek, Lawience W. Hall,
H.ui.ui. Tlnnnas L. Hams, Hawkins. Hopkins. Houston,
ILi'lin-:-, 4In\Iei, Jack-on. Jenkm>. Jeueir. tteot'fe W.
Jojic--, J Gl.M'ey Join*-. Owen lones. Koi'o-r:?. Kelly, Jacob
M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel. Lamar, Landy, Lawrence,
Leitei, lieieber.Maelay, MeKibbm. MeClneen. Samuel S.
Mar-hall. Ma -on. Mil oh, MiMei, Mooio. Ed waul Jov Moi 1i.-,
I -aae N Moire. Niblaek. Pendleton. Peyton. Phelp-i, Phil-
lips. Pottle, Powell, Pniviance, flmtman, Ready, Reagan,
Ueiliy, Roherl-j HtiiiVu, Pu-w il. S.iva^e, Se.il.>, tftott,
Sew.inl A:un:\ Shaw. IJeniy M Shaw. Shoriei Sickles,
Singleton. Robe it Smith, Samuel A Sunt Si, William Smith,
Siii.mei S'allwo! ill, v-u phen^, Sreven-oii. James a. Stew-
0!t, Talhot. C<oi<£e 'J'ajloi. Mile* Tayloi, (Jndenvood,
Waikms, While. Whueh'v, Wm low, Wood&on, Woiten-
d\ke.John V. Wnglit. and X'dlieollei— K!5.
"NAVS — Me--r< Ahhoit. Aiifin w<. Billmglnu-t, Bing-
ham, Bl'tu. Buiroi^on, Buthneame. Buuonirh , Ca--e Ezia
Claik, Cl iv.son. (1-;!ia\, r^amiell. Da\i- of.Marvland, Davis
of Ma--aea.K-"tt-. Dean. Diek, D< f!d. Duhee. ICiuii-, Fen-
ton. l'\>~tei ClIlii'M. <*00( ]!. CiiUii't 1. Cto'V. Hill, lloiton.
Hovvaid. K"l.-ey. Knapp Loxejoy, Ilumniiiey Ma^hall,
M.itteson, Milton. i\Ioii.ran, Moniil. Ficeman II. >!oi-e,
Onver A 'Moi.-o, Mon. Mmia\, NieiioN, I'almer. I'.iikei,
P<'tlit, Poi'e1, Rn.-aud; iiiuhic, Rohhms. Join; She'ns nt.
Stan Jon. William Stewart. Tha>er. Thomo>on, Toin'.kiiH,
Trtppe, Wade. Walhud-re, Wall on. Cadu .Mader <\\ a •li-
butn, Eilihu B. Wa-kbu'ne. Liad Wadibuiu, ue.d Wil-
son—fi:>
So the n^.clntion was egreed to.
Pending the call,
Mi. FOLEY stated tiiat Mr. Sandidgp. had
paired rff with Mr. Gil'.isk.
Mi. MILES sU'N-ii that Air. Uonuam was still
detained Lom the IIou^o L y sickness in his fam-
ily, and had paired oif with Mr. Y/aldron.
Air. IIAilltlS, of iiimois, moved to uconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. . r-
In pursuance of an order of the House,the usual
oath to support the Constitution of* the Unite.#
States was then administered to Messrs. W. W.
Phelps and J. M. Cayanaugh as members from
the State of Minnesota.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. GROW. I ask that all private bills upon
the Speaker's table, to which no objection shall
be made, be tak£h up, and referred to the appro-
priate committees.
Mr. SEWARD. Before that is done, 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House to repott from
the Committee on Naval Affairs a bill for the re-
lief of the widow of Lieutenant Hemdon, in order
that it may be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to call up
another privileged question, that it may be dis-
posed of. 1
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the House to allow
these private bills to be sent to the appropriate
committees to be acted on.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If no one else ob-
jects to it, I shall not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I have a bill in my hand that
I desire to report 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I did notgrive way
for reports to be made. I understood that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania desired to have
some bills upon the Speaker's table referred to
appiopnate committees.
The following Senate bills and resolutions upon
the Speaker's table were then taken up. read a
first and second time, and refeired as indicated
below:
An act (No. 103) for the relief of Simon de Vis-
serand Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 294) for the relief of Lemuel Wors-
tcr. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
An act (No. '222) for the relief of Jeremiah
Moors. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
An act (No. 40) to grant the ri^ht of preemp-
tion in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly Moot-
ing of the Society of Friends. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 30) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery. Re-
ferred to tlPe Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act (No. 43) for the rchef of Lieutenant
John C. Carter. Referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 115) for the relief of J. Hosford
Smith. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 116) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dergast, of the District of Cohfmbia. Refeired to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (No. 128) for the relief of George
Phelps. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 130) for the relief of Jennett II.
McCall. Referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
An act (No. 15G) for the relief of Joshua Shaw.
Refeired to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 172) for the relief of W^ham D.
Moseloy. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affaii s.
An act (No. 1S6) to confirm the title of Benja-
min E. Edwards to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico. Referred to i he Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
An act (No. 198) for the relief of Joseph Kaidy
and Alton Long. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
An act (No. 223) for the relief of Frances Ann
MeCauley. Referred to the Committee on for-
eign Affairs.
An act (No. 255) for the^relief of Anthony
Casio, a soldier of the war of ]81'2. Referied to
the Committee on Invalid P< ns-ons.
Joint resolution (i\o. 34) for tj^ rMe-f of the
leo-'tl representatives of John a. iio.-t, deceased.
Referred to the Commitne on Nava' Affair.
Joint n-solution (No. 3s) for the ie!e>f of John
i, Guiyson.
ii Affairs.
Referred to the Committee on Naval
