1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Wctlbridge.
Ho. of Reps.
on Territories unconditionally, one to refer to a
select committee of thirteen unconditionally, and
one to refer to a select committee of fifteen with
instructions. I wish to impress upon the com-
mittee and upon the country, that the instructions
were, that they should inquire into all the /acis,
into everything connected with the formation of
the Lecompton constitution, and into all the ac-
tion of the people of the Territory in relation to
it as well before as after its formation.
Well, sir, after an exciting session of eighteen
hours, the House adjourned until the 8th, with
the understanding that the votes were then to be
taken upon those propositions. Upon the meet-
ing of the House upon the 8th, the first question
to be taken was upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] to refer the
message to the Committee on Territories. Now,
sir, I have no sort of doubt that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] acted in perfect good
faith in offering his resolution for a select com-
mittee of thirteen; but I must be permitted to say
that he had a very strange way of demonstrating
it, because, on the very first vo'te, he voted against
his own motion, and m favor of the reference pro-
posed by the gentleman from Georgia. The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia failed. The
House refused to adopt it. The question then re-
curred upon substituting the proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] for that of
thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes.) The
House adopted the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois. It decided the question then and
there by that vote, that it would have an investi- ;
gation. That was the question voted upon, and \
the only difference, in fact, between the proposi- 1
tions. It did not vote upon the question of the
reference of the President's message only, as has
been stated in this House from the chair. It voted
to have an investigation of Kansas affairs. If it
did not want an investigation, why did it not refer
the matter to the ordinary committee—the Com-
mittee on Territories? It referred it to a select
committee because it knew that the Committee
on Territories would not make the investigation it
wanted. It was for the purpose (and for no other
purpose under heaven) of getting an investigation
that the special committee was ordered. And I
may say here, Mr. Chairman, that after alt the
discussion and the struggle that had taken place
upon this question in the House, after the House
had adjourned for two days and every member
understood, whfen he came to vote, what the prop-
ositions were upon which he was called to vote, !
the opinion of this House, expressed by the largest j
vote ever cast upon this floor, ought to have been '
respectcd. The resolution of the gentleman from i
Illinois was finally adopted. The committee was j
ordered, with the instructions which I have read !
to the House. Well, sir, a committee of fifteen j
members of this House was appointed by the
Speaker, of which I happened to be one.
Now, 1 have a word or two to say upon the
construction of that committee. I have said here-
tofore, and I repeat now, that I make no imputa-
tion upon the motives of anybody; but I do say
here, that, in my opinion, the construction of that
committee, under all the circumstances, looking
to the antecedents of the men composing it, look-
ing to their action on the adoption of the resolu-
tion ordering it, looking to their whole action
upon the question, was in violation of all parlia-
mentary rule and usage. The parliamentary Jaw,
as I understand it, requires that, in the appoint-
ment of every sclect committee upon any ques-
tion, a majority of the committee shall be friend-
ly to the bill or proposition referred. To refer a
proposition to a committee who are utterly and
totally opposed to it, is simply to strangle the
whole thing. That, sir, is not the object of legis-
lation. The object should be to investigate prop-
ositions that may be brought before the House,
and see what merit there may be in them. I wish
to call the attention of the committee to a single
paragraph from the Manual relating to this ques-
tion:
•'Those who take exceptions to some particulars in the
bill are to he of the committee, but none who speak directly
against the body of the biil; tor he that would totally de-
stioy will not amend it, or, us it is said, the child is not to be
put to a nurse that cares nothing lor it."
Now, my own opinion is, that this child was
not put to a nurse that cared nothing for it; but
that it was put to a nurse who had determined
beforehand to strangle it.
" It is therefore a constant rule that no man is to be em-
ployed in any matter who has declared himself against it."
On this very committee were appointed a major-
ity of men who had, from the beginning to the
end, from first to last, voted and spoke and acted
here and everywhere against this proposition—
men who had not only voted against this identical
proposition of investigation, but who had voted
on all occasions, in the last Congress and in this
Congress,againstany investigation by this House
into Kansas affairs. Is that in accordance with
parliamentary usage, as laid down in the Manual?
And further:
'4 And when any member who is against a hill hears him-
self named of its committee, he ought to ask to be excused."
That was the opinion of Mr. Jefferson, that no
gentleman ought to take a position on a commit-
tee of investigation, to the whole of which he was
opposed. Did either of these eight gentlemen ask !
to be excused from serving on that committee? I j
think if theyhad, the House would have excused
them. |
Mr. Speaker Hunter, in his valedictory address !
at the closc of the Twenty-Sixth Congress, uses j
this language on this subject: !
" In the committees connected with the executive depart- !
ment it would seem that the fnends of the Administration i
should have the majority to propose the measles which
emanate originally from their party, and for which thev are
mainly accountable. In committees of investigation, it is
equally clear, that the Opposition, who hold the affirmative;
should have the majority, and the power.''
In this view, I submit, that if the assertion of;
the Chair be true, " that it was the President's
message which was referred to the seleetcommit-
tee," it does not help the Speaker from his di-j
lemma, or relieve him from the imputation of par-5
tisanship in the appointment of the committee. I
The proposition for the select committee came !
from the gentleman from Illinois; and a majority i
of it should, under Mr. Hunter's rule, have been
named from those who agree with the mover, and
so says all parliamentary law; so that whether
the committee were ordered to consider the mes-
sage and accompanying papers, or to investigate
Kansas affairs, or on any other subject, whatever
it might be, it is equally true that the majority
should have been named of those who favored
the select committee.
Mr. Chairman, I ha ve said all that I desire to say
in reference to the formation of that committee.
I have put my opinion on the subject on record;
and time will not permit me to dilate on the sub-
ject. The committee was appointed with eight,
out of the fifteen members, who had opposed the
whole thing from the beginning to the end, and
who had opposed the action of the House in |
ordering the committee.
Mr. Chairman, having been a member of that
committee, I feel it incumbent on me to say some-
thing of us action, that the responsibilities of us
failure to execute the order of the House may rest
wh^re it belongs. I, sir, wash my hands of the
whole thing. And here, sir, I maybe permitted
to say, that in my opinion, the fact that the ma-
jority of the committee were opposed to any in-
vestigations, was no excuse or reason why they
should treat the order of the House with contempt
and refuse to execute it. The order of the House
was imperative that the committee inquire into
all the facts connected with the formation of the
Lecompton constitution, not tbe 4 ' essential "facts
nor the " material" facts, but all the facts. The
House did not ask the committee to give an opin-
ion upon the propriety of the admission of Kansas.
It wanted no such opinion; it simply wanted facts
on which to form its own opinion, and I hold, sir,
that the committee could not discharge its duty to
the House without making a full and fair investi-
gation into all t/ze/ac/s as contemplated by the res-
olution of the House. Was such investigation
made? Was any investigation made? I unhes-
itatingly answer none, lite rally none; and propose
to examine the journal of the committee to see
if that will not bear me out in the assertion.
The resolution of the House required the commit-
tee to inquircinto all the facts connected with the
formation of the Lecompton constitution, and the j
laws under which the. same was organizedt which, in |
my opinion, made it the duty of the committee to |
inquire into the validity of the Legislature itself, '
which passed the law providing for the conven-
tion. For if the Legislature had no legal exist-
ence, how could it make any valid or binding
law. In pursuance of this idea, I offered in com-
mittee the following resolution:
" Resolved, That this committee will inquire into the law
providing for a constitutional convention in the Territory of
Kansas, and under which members of the convention were
elected."
Under this resolution, if it had been adopted, it
would have been competent to investigate all the
facts connected with the election of members of
the first Legislature; whether, as has often been
alleged, that election was carried by fraud and
violence, or whether it W&s a fair election and ex-
pression of the will of the people. That surely
was an important inquiry to enable the House to
come to a correct conclusion in the premises. If,
on inquiry, the Legislature was found to be a valid
one, duly elected, and competent to legislate for
the Territory, had it any right to pass any such
law as would provide for a government super-
seding and annihilating itself? This question was
fully discussed in the Senate of the United States
in the Michigan case, in 1835-6; on which occa-
sion, Mr. Buchanan, then a Senator from Penn-
sylvania, said:
" No Senator will pretend that their Territorial Legisla-
ture had any right whatever to pass laws enabling Unpeo-
ple to elect delegates to a convention for the purpose of
forming a State constitution. It was an act of usurpation
on their part.'5
The same question arose on the application of
Arkansas for admission, when General Jackson,
with the concurrence of his Cabinet, and on the
written opinion of the then Attorney General, de-
cided that no such power existed in a Territorial
Legislature; and I give you here,sir, the opinion
of Attorney General Butler, as expressed on that
occasion. He says:
To suppose that the legislative powers granted to the
General Assembly include the authority to abrogate, alter,
or modify the teriitorial government established by the act
of Congress, and of winch the Assembly id a constituent part,
would be manifestly absurd. The act of Congress, so far as
is consistent with the Constitution of the United States and
with the treaty by which the Territory, as a part of Louis-
iana, was ceded to the United States, is the supreme law of
the Ten itory; it is paramount to the power of the Territo-
nai Legislature, and can only be revoked or altered by the
authority from which it emanated. TheGeneral Assembly
and the people of the Territory are as much bound by its
provisions, and as incapable of abiogating them, as tbe Le-
gislatures and people of the American States are bound by,
and incapable of abrogating, the Constitution of the United
States. It is also a maxim of universal law, that when a
particular thing is prohibited by law, allmeans, attempts, or
contrivances to effect such thing are aKo prohibited. Con-
sequently, it is not in the power of the General Assembly of
Arkansas to pass any law for the puipose of electing mem-
bers to a convention to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, nor to do any other act, directly or indueetly, to
ore.itesuch now government. Every such law, even though
it were appmved by the Governor of the Territory, would
he null and void; if passed by them, notwithstanding his
veto, by a vote of two thirds of each bxanch,u would still be
equally void.5'
But, sir, if we admit, or if on full inquiry by
the committee it had boon shown, that the Legis-
lature was a legitimate one, that it had a right to
pass such a law, did it do so ? and if so, was the
law executed and its provisions complied with ?
By the act of the Territorial Legislature of the
19th February, 1857, providing for the election
of delegates to a convention to form a constitu-
tion, it is, among other things, provided, that a
census of the inhabitants and a registration of the
voters shall be made in each and all of the thirty-
four organized counties in the Territory, naming
the counties, and designating the territorial offi-
cers charged with the duty,andon the completion
of which the number of delegates to the conven-
tion, sixty, were to be apportioned among the dif-
ferent counties in proportion to the number of
voters in each. It was asserted by many persons
and through various channels of communication,
and finally by Governor Walker*himself, in his
letter to the Secretary of State, of December 13,
1857, that this condition of the law had not been
complied with; that in fifteen of the thirty-four
organized oounties no registry of votes was made,
and consequently, no apportionment of delegates
could be made to those counties, neither could the
voters thereof vote in any other counties for del-
egates. Was it not contemplated by the House,
in'ordcring this committee, tnat this matter should
be inquired into? Acting under my official oath
and under the order of the House, I had no doubt
