206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
referring to the contested-election cases from Ohio
and Nebraska, and to move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The call of committees was then resumed.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back House bill
(No. 45) further to amend an act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes, and moved that
said bill be printed, and its further consideration
postponed until the first Tuesday in February.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF THE LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer a resolution; and,
in doing so, I will say that 1 do it at the request
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Of course it wili go to the Committee on Printing.
I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred i-opics of the report of the
Coirimisstoner on Public LamLs be printed for the use of the
Litnd Office.
I will suggest that I suppose this resolution
must, as a matter of necessity, go to the Com-
mittee on Printing. If it is competent for the
House to pass the resolution by unanimous con-
sent at this time, it would save cost to pass it, as
the types are all set up.
I asic the Cliair if it is indispensable that such
reports shall go to the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that the law and rule of the House both
require that such resolutions shall go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe we have
printed, or ordered to be printed, twenty thousand
extia copies of the President's message with the
accompanying documents. This report is in-
cluded us one of the accompanying documents,
and I think that perhaps that is enough. I sup-
pose that, in addition to these, the Land Office
have had the report printed for their own use.
Mr. COBB. They have not; and now want it
printed for the use of the several land offices
throughout the country.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is the
usual practice for the several Departments to have
their reports piinted for their own use.
Mr. COBB. This report has not been printed
by the Land Office, and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office asks that it may be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to a question of order.
This is a resolution to print extra copies, and
must go to the Committee 011 Printing, without
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the same
opinion. The resolution goes, as a matter of
course, to the Committee on Printing, without
debate.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is out of order to de-
bate this resolution now, when will it be in order
to debate it ?
The SPEAKER. When the Committee on
Printing reports back the resolution, as a matter
of course, it will be open for discussion. The
law requires that the subject go at once to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. LETCHER. When the Committee on
Printing report back the resolution it will be put
through under the previous question, and there
will be no opportunity of debating it.
The SPEAKER. That will depend on the
action of the House, and not on the rule.
Mr. LETCHER. There is yet §1,000,000
due on the printing ordered by the last two Con-
gresses. I think we had better pay that off, and
stop.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. WADE. I desire to report, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, a bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act to limit the liabilities of ship-own-
ers, and for other purposes,"approved 3d March,
1851.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
Committee on Commerce has been passed in the
cai'i of committees, and the report of the gentleman
is tiierefoie not m order.
Mr WADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report the bill and put it upon its
passage.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am reluctant to object
to anything out of order. I am willing that the
bill should be reported and referred, but if it is to
be put on its passage and to take up the morning
hour, I prefer that the call of committees should
proceed regularly, and I object.
Mr. WADE. If objection is made to putting
the bill on its passage, I will not report it at pres-
ent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
PRINTING OF PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WHITELEY. T am instructed by the Com-
mittee onAgriculture to submit a resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the resolution
be read, and then I will raise a question of order
i upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt there be printed foi the u-o ot the mem-
bcrs of tins House one hundred thousand extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Patents on agriculture,
for the year ending 1856, together with the plates, of winch,
number, six thousand copies shall be for the u&e of the
Patent Office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question of
order which I raise is, that the report which it is
proposed by that resolution to print, is not in the
possession of the House, and that the House has
no control over it. This report, was made to the
last Congress, and two hundred thousand extra
copies otderedto be printed, eight hundred copies
of which went, to cach congressional district. It
is to be presumed, that each member discharged
his duty, and sent his copies to his constituents,
so far as they have been furnished. I believe
those which were assigned to me for my constit-
uents have nor been deliver*--' or sent by me. I
believe they are now in the folding room, and I
intend, as soon as I can, to send them out.
But, sir, as my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] has just informed me and the House,
there are now something like a miMion dollars due ij
for printing ordered by the last Congress and the :j
preceding one. And, sir,as this report is not in I
the possession of the House, we have nothing to j'
do with it. It is only the documents of the pros- ]
ent Congress that we can order to be printed by i
resolution in this way. i
Mr. WHITELEY. Is the point of order de- '
batable? '
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman from Delaware.
Mr. WHITELEY. This resolution has been
submitted by the Committee 011 Agriculture for [
the reason that every member of the Committee i
on Ai;ricultui£, and I suppose every member of j
the House, receives every day letter upon letter \
asking for these reports. Now, sir, I have noth- ,
mg to do with the members of the last Congress, '
or with the books voted to them. I make no j
charges. But, sir, there are serious cltfirges made :
in reference to the sale of books by members of j
Congress, and their not distributing them m their ,
districts. 1 have nothing to do with that. But '
this fact I do know; that the farmers of this land ■
are sending to us letters, I may say by the bushel, j
for these leports. And if it is not exactly in the 1
charge of this Congress, I think the money will ,
not be misspent by distributing throughout the j
land the information upon this subject of agricul- ;
ture contained in this report. j
Now, sir, if we do owe a million dollars for i
public printing, I must submit that I do not think j
another million for distributing information such i
as is contained in that report would be misspent. |
And why is it not in order for this Congress to
publish a work which has been stereotyped, or 1
of which the type is all set—a work printed by 1
the order of the last Congress, and which is in |
such demand by the people of the country? It is ;
for this House to determine, orratherforthe Com- I
mittee on Printing, in the first place, to determ- j
ine; but I submit it to the Chair that, until the |
report from the Committee on Printing cosnes m, j
the gentleman's point of order is not well taken. 1
One other suggestion. I have a letter from the ,
Commissionerof Patents, stating that letters upon
letters have been received at the Patent Office, day
after day, for these documents; and that, by the !
act of last Congress, the Commissioner ia three
thousand short of the number usually printed. I
send the letter to the Clerk to be read.
The letter was as follows:
United States Patent Office, j;
December 21, 1^51. '1
Sir, : Understanding that it is contemplated by the Cora- jl
mittee on Agriculture to oiTer a resolution providing fo/the I
printing of additional copies of the agricultural report of
this office for the year 1853, T beg leave to 111 that
event, for the consideration of the House, the'ptopaotv of
placing a few thousand copies at the disposal 01 the Patent
Office.
The number of copies heretofore assigned it by the Senate
has been five thousand, but from some"can e tins number,
at the last session, was reduced to two thou-:nwinch
reduction will prevent the office 110m meeting i;k demands
of those who have legitimate claims upon it.
The work is eagerly sought foi from all par?- <>' i!h- nun
try, and I am well persuaded that the public int ,r<'S.t- uotild'
be subserved by its further distribution.
Very lespectfully, your obedient seivant,
T. HOLT, Commissioner.
Hon. W. G. Whitelev, Chairman of Comrai'Jee on
culturc,
Mr. GROW. I was willing to allow the gen-
tleman to reply to the gentleman from Tennessee,
but I object to the time being occupied by the
reading of letters.
Mr. LETCHER. Has the Chair decided the
point of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
the point of order, but is about doing so. The
Chair overrules the question of order laised by
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, sir, I raise another
point. Has that subject ever been referred to the
Committee 011 Agriculture to enable them to make
a report to this House?
Mr. WHITELEY. Can I not offer a resolu-
tion to have the matter referred ?
The SPEAKER. The Chan* is not in posses-
sion of the information asked for by the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the point of order
that, until the information is before the House,
that the subject has been referred to the Committee
on Agriculture for their action, that committee
cannot report this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Dela-
ware can state whether the Committee 011 Agri-
culture, of which he is chairman, has had the
subject referred to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Delaware remarked that the type
was set up, and that this document could be
printed easily and economically. V/e must rec-
ollect that the Printer for this Congress is a new
one; and that, if we order this printing, Mr. Stead-
man will have to execute it, and we must pay the
expense of composition, and the higher price fur
press-work uponthefiist twenty thousand copies.
It is the same as though a new document were
ordered. We cannot order the printer of the last
House, who has these stereotyped plates, or these
forms made up, to do this work.
Mr. WHITELEY. I do not see why gentle-
men should hold on to the spigot and let it out at
the bung-hole. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the point of order laised by the gentleman
fioni Vuginia is well taken, that a committee can-
not rcpoit back to the House upon a subject that
has not been referred to H.
JOHN HAMILTON.
Mr. STANTON. When committees were last
called for reports, I reported a bill for the relief
of John Hamilton, of Champaign county, Ohio,
without an accompanying report. I ask leave at
this time to submit a report, and to move that it
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
The report was received, and the motion was
agreed to.
OMISSION IN AN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back a
bill to supply an omission m the enrollment of a
ceitain act therein named; and move that it be
refened to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be piinted.
The bill was received, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
should like to inquire what has been done with
the resolution in reference to the printing of extra
numbers of the Patent Office reports?
The SPEAKER. It was ruled out of order. _
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope there will
be 110 objection to a reference of the subject to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business.
