254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. fValbridge.
Ho. of Reps.
upon the subject, and hence the resolution in com-
mittee. "Without discussion or consideration, the
resolution was laid on the table by the following
vote:
"Yeas—Messrs. Stephens, Letcher, Winslow, White,
Anderson, Quitman, Stevenson, and ltussell—8.
"Nays—Messrs. Harris, Morrill, Bennett, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Adram, and Buffinton—7."
I know, Mr. Chairman, it is said, and that in
high places, that there were but few voters in
those disfranchised counties; and what if it were
so ? Is even a small minority of the people to be
disfranchised by an overbearing and unscrupu-
lous majority, and receive the approbation and
justification of this House in the act? I trust not.
But the assertion is denied on authority quite as
good as that on which the statement is made. It
was asserted before the committee, by a member,
that he could and would show, if permitted by
the majority to do so, that more than one third of
the legal voters of Kansas were disfranchised by
that census and registry, and not permitted to par-
ticipate in the election of delegates to the con-
vention. It seems to me this was a very import-
ant fact connccted with the formation of the Le-
compton constitution, and one into which the
committee were directed to inquire.
Mr. Chairman, did that nurse care aught for
the fchild but to strangle it?
Sir, other propositions of inquiry were made to
the committee—one in the following words, as
found in the printed journal of the committee:
" Mr. Morrill submitted the following resolution :
" Resolved, That in order to comply with the order ofthe
House under which this committee was organized, which
required that wc should inquire into all the facts connect-
ed with the formation of &aid Lccbmpton constitution, and
the laws under which the same was originated; and al&o
whether the same is acceptable and satisfactory to a major-
ity ofthe legal voters of Kansas, the chairman be authorized
to have summoned to appear before the committee the fol-
lowing named persoiw, viz : Governor R. J. Walker, Gen-
eral John Calhoun, the Hon. P. P. Stanton, and John D.
Henderson, to testify to all such facts as they have knowl-
edge of, and to produce nil such documents, paper*, votes,
and returns as have any relation to the election of delegates
to file Lecotnpton constitutional convention, or to any elec-
tion subsequently held hi the Teiritory of Kansas.
" After discussion, the further eonsideiation ofthe reso-
lution was, on motion of Mr.'Stephens, postponed until
the next meeting by veas and nays, as follows :
u Yeas—Messrs'. Stephens, Letcher, Winslow, White,
Anderson, Quitman, Stevenson, ami ltussell—8.
" Na.ys—Messrs. Harris, Morrill, Wade, Bennett, Wal-
bridge, Adraln, and Buffinton—'7."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if there were four men in
the Territory of Kansas, or anywhere else, who
were familiar with the transactions of that people
in reference to the formation of their constitution,
these were the men; and as they all happened to
be in or near this city at the time, there seemed
to be great propriety in calling them to testify be-
fore the committee.
Governor Walker was sent to Kansas as Gov-
ernor because he was supposed to be, as he really
was, the especial friend oi the Ad ministration, and
a pro-slavery Democrat of the first water. Secre-
tary Stanton was made such for similar reasons.
Calhoun was the president of the convention, and
charged by that body with the duty of ordering
the elections under it, receiving and counting the
votes, and declaring the results; and Jack Hen-
derson was the most noted border ruffian of them
all. This proposition was voted down, as will
have been seen, by the same inexorable majority,
and not a particle of testimony in relation to the
organization of the convention was permitted to be
taken. It was proposed to show 
Mr. HCJGHES. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that it is not in order to discuss the proceed-
ings of a committee, nor to refer to newspaper
publications of their proceedings.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Indiana that it is in order to
refer to any report of a committee published in a
newspaper. •
Mr, HUGHES. Is it in order to state what
the gentleman proposed to do before that commit-
tee ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not take up my time.
The CHAIKMAN. The Chair would state
that there is no rule which prohibits a member
from referring to anything which appears in the
newspapers. A publication has been made in
the newspapers purporting to be a report of the
committee, giving an account of the proceedings
of the committee. The Chair holds that it 13 in
order to refer to it.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order for a member
of a committee to refer to what took place in the
committee? The gentleman was stating what
he proposed to show to the committee, if he could
do so.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to refer
to anything which took place in a committee
which has not been made public.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Certainly, and every-
thing of which I have been speaking, and of which
I propose to speak, is here published in this news-
paper, and I read it from the paper.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to do that.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I suppose so.
I was saying that, according to the public prints,
as the thing appears in the newspapers of theday,
in what appears to be a journal of the action of
that committee, in what is signed by the chair-
man of that committee as its chairman, certifying
it to be the journal of its proceedings, and which I
have the best reason in the world to believe is a
perfect and full journal of its proceedings, it ap-
pears that a member offered that resolution; that
lie desired to have the privilege of summoning the
witnesses named, in order to showthat more than
one third of the people of that Territory have
been disfranchised; disfranchised by the action
of the Administration of this Government in that
Territory; disfranchised by the action of the Ad-
ministration officers there; and that the people had
no right nor no power to participate in the elec-
tion of the members of that convention.
Now, I submit whether this is not a fact prop-
erly connected with the admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State? whether it is not one of the
things which the committee was directed to in-
quire into? whether it is not one of the things
which this House desired to ascertain when they
ordered the committee to be raised?
Now, sir, I might go on to enumerate other po-
sitions taken before that committee, but for want
of time 1 will allude to but one; and here I resort
to rtiy newspaper again. Various resolutions,
according to this newspaper, were introduced be-
fore thatcommittee—I think some dozen orfifteen
—all looking (as I would be glad to show to the
country if I had time) directly to the investiga-
tion of some important question connected with
the admission of Kansasinto the Union; butevery
single one of them was voted down by the same
majority of the committee, and that majority
utterly refused all investigation and examination,
except such as emanated from the Government
officials of that Territory. They refused to take
the testimony of any man. When it was pro-
posed to summon John Calhoun, and let him tes-
tify and swear whatever he pleased, whether true
or false, the proposition was voted down. When
it was proposed to summon Governor Walker,
Jack Henderson, and Secretary Stanton, the ma-
jority voted down the proposition every time.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to put a question just at that point?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Yes; right there.
Mr. LETCHER. When it was proposed to
summon John Calhoun, will the gentleman say
whether he did not say that he would not believe
him, under oath or not under oath?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Whether I said so, or
not, it is so. I wquld not believe him.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, what would be the use
in summoning a witness, if it is said in advance
that the other side would not believe one word of
his evidence ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I took it for granted that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
might believe him, and that the testimony might
be of some service to him, and possibly some
truth might be extracted from him 011 a cross-
examination.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Michigan if he was a member of the caucus
of Republican members of this House which met
at an early part of the session 
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Oh ! it takes the gentle-
man from Indiana too long to get out the question.
Mr. HUGHES. And if he was not pledged
by a resolution passed by that caucus to advocate
the admission of Kansas under the Topeka con-
stitution, in advance of the presentation of the
Lecompton constitution to this House ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I cannot answer all these
questions—it takes too much time. I have one
word more to say in regard to this matter of the
credibility of John Calhoun. I said that the mi-
nority of the committee asked the privilege of
calling John Calhoun before them, and putting
him under oath to testify, and the gentleman from
Virginia suggests that I said in the committee
that I would not believe him under oath. I do
not know whether I said so, but it is the truth.
But further than that, 1 say that, under a subse-
quent resolution, a written statement of John
Calhoun was brought before the committee, and
it was ruled out by the majority of the commit-
tee, because they would not believe him. It was
voted that it was not testimony before the com-
mittee at all. Now I hold that any man who
will make a written statement anywhere of what
purports to be facts, that is not to be believed, is
not to be believed under oath, I care not who he
is. Nevertheless, if we had got that man before
the committee, wc might have got something use-
ful out of him. But whether we could or not, we
could not get him there, nor could we get Hen-
derson, or Governor Walker, or Secretary Stan-
ton there, though it was notorious that they were
in the city at the time. We wanted to prove the
existence of all these frauds in the election of
members to this convention—the very thing
which had been referred to us to inquire into.
Now, sir, I said a few moments ago that I
wanted to call the attention of the committee to
another proposition which was made to thatcom-
mittee. It was in these words:
" Whereas, the Territorial Legislature of Kansas ap-
pointed a commission to investigate certain frauds said to
have been perpetrated 111 ttie election held in said Territory
on the 21st of October and the 4th of January last, and in
the returns of said elections; and whereas, said commis-
sion are understood to have made such investigation, and
to have examined many returns in relation thereto: There-
fore,
" Resolved, That the chairman of this committee be, and
he is hereby, instructed to proeuie on authenticated and
duly certified copy of all the testimony taken before said
commission in relation to such frauds."
Now, Mr. Chairman, in my judgment, here
was a proposition which tested thoroughly, if any
further tests had been required, the determination
of the majority of the committee to resist all in-
quiries. X will here state some of the circum-
stances connected with these elections, and the
returns of them, as they were supposed to exist at
the time, and as they nave since been proved to
exist, and that by the very testimony which was
tendered to the committee by the resolution under
consideration.
The constitutional convention had appointed
the 21st of December on which to hold an election
at which the people ofthe Territory were to vote
on the question of the adoption of the " constitu-
tion with slavery," or the " constitution with no
slavery." It was for the constitution either way;
and, in point of fact, it was the constitution with
slavery either way, with only this difference: that
those who should vote for the " constitution with
no slavery,5' voted for slavery in a worse form
than those who should vote for the <{ constitution
with slavery." But that is not the question I am
now discussing; and suffice it to say, that an elec-
tion was ordered by John Calhoun, the president
of the convention, among other places, at the pre-
cincts of Kickapoo, Delaware City, Oxford, and
Shawnee. An election had also been ordered by
the convention to be held on the 4th day of Jan-
uary, 1858, for the election of State officers and
members of a State Legislature, which was also
to be conducted under the auspices of the same
John Calhoun. At the latter election polls were
opened at the before-mentioned places, and also
ata place called " Delaware Crossing,'* or " Del-
aware Agency." The commissioners appointed
by the Territorial Legislature took much testi-
mony in relation to the votes returned as cast at
these places, (the very testimony, sir, called for
by the resolution proposed to the committee,) and
I propose to give the conclusions to which that
board of commissioners came, in their own words.
They say:
Fiora the evidence taken before them, tlie board state
that the returns from the Delaware Agency precinct were
honestly made out by the officers oftlie election ; and sub-
sequently three hundred and thirty-six names were forged
