1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
upon them, by or with the knowledge of John D. Hender-
son ; and that John Calhoun was parliceps crirninw after the
fact.
" The board report that of the votes returned of the elec-
tion of the 21st December, 1857, on the slavery clause of
the constitution framed at Lecompton, held at the precincts
of Kickapoo, Delaware, Oxford, and Shawnee, about the
following numbers were illegal and fraudulent:
"AtKickapoo  700
Delaware City   3 45
Oxford 1,300
Shawnee  675
Total 2,720
" And of the votes returned of the election of the 4th of
January, 1858, for officers underthe constitution framed at
Lecompton, held at the precincts of ICickapoo, Delaware
City, Delaware Agency, Oxford, and Shawnee, about the
following numbers were illegal and fraudulent:
"AtKickapoo    600
Delaware City  5
Delaware Agency  336
Oxford  696
Shawnee 821
Total 3,458"
Mr. Chairman, I ask, in all sincerity, can any
man tell me for what purpose this committee was
appointed, if not to inquire into such naked, pal-
pable, barefaced frauds as these? Did the House
mean anything when it Ordered us to " inquire
into all the facts connected with the formation of
the Lecompton constitution," " and into all such
facts and proceedings as have transpired since the
formation of the said constitution, or propriety
of the admission of said Territory into the Union
under said constitution," or did it mean nothing?
Surely, if it meant anything, it intended what is
so plainly stated in the resolution of our appoint-
ment.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another branch of
inquiry embraced in the resolution of the House
ordering this committee, to which I desire to call
the attention of the House for a few moments.
The committee were instructed to inquire whether
the Lecompton constitution " was acceptable and
satisfactory to a majority of the legal voters of
Kansas." Was that duty discharged by the com-
mittee ? I unhesitatingly answer, no ! Did the
committee refuse to discharge it? I as unhesita-
tingly answer, yes! I know the majority of the
committee take the vote of December 21, and call
it the expression of the voice of the people ofKan-
sas as in favor of the constitution. In spite of the
frauds proved to have been committed at that elec-
tion ;in spite of the positive impossibility of voting
against the constitution at that election; in spite
of the stubborn fact that less than three thousand
legal votes were cast at that election, still the ma-
jority cling to it as the free expression of the voice
of the people of Kansas.
The election of the 4th of January, ordered
by the Territorial Legislature, at which the legal
voters of Kansas were permitted to vote for or
against the constitution—for the constitution with
slavery, or for the constitution with no slavery—
is ignored by the committee; and although at that
election the constitution was voted down by a
majority of more than ten thousand votes, is not ^
thought by the. majority as worthy of even a con-
sideration. The solemn protest of the Territo-
rial Legislature—the immediate and then recently
elected representatives of the people of that Ter-
ritory—is treated with scorn and contempt, and
as unworthy of the slightest attention.
Mr. Chairman, was not this child sent to a very
bad nurse ?
But, sir, I cannot spend any further time in
discussing these propositions made to the com-
mittee. I desire to refer briefly to the report of
the majority of the committee. I find that report
in the public newspapers, and take it for granted
that it is the authorized report. Tie committee
say, in the beginning of that report, that they have
investigated all the essential facts connected with
the formation of the Kansas constitution. Now,
sir, I want to ask that committee who made them
the judges of what is essential in this inquiry?
Had they any authority from this House to say
what was and what was not essential? Did the
House ask them for their judgment or opinion on
that point? Did not the House direct them to in-
vestigate and report all the facts ?
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Does the gentleman pretend
to say that the committee was bound, by the in-
structions of .the House, to take testimony as to
every little incident that occurred in the Territory
of Kansas, no matter how utterly unnecessary,
useless, and immaterial, such testimony might be
considered by the committee?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I again repeat the ques-
tion, who made the majority of the committee the
judge of what was essential? Where did they
get the power to judge of it ? Under the resolu-
tion of the House, every fact connected with the
election and the formation of that constitution was
to be investigated by that committee, and it was
their duty to make that investigation. If they
failed to do so, they are responsible to this House;
and to that responsibility I now hold them. If
the House is satisfied that its order has been ex-
ecuted, and that that committee has discharged its
duty, and not treated with contempt the order of
the House, then I have nothing more to say. It
is not a question that interests me more than others,
but it is a question that involves the dignity, the
prerogatives, and the privileges of this House. If
the time has come when committees of the House
are to be appointed to stifle such great and im-
portant inquiries as this, then the power of the
House is a mockery. It is the business of organ-
izations of the House to execute its will in every
form, and in every place, whether it be the will
of the individual executing it or not. And with
all due respect to the Speaker, I would say that
it was the duty of the Chair to appoint a commit-
tee from members of the House who favored the
investigation, not from those who were opposed
to it. But the Speaker not having done so, but
having appointed a committee opposed to investi-
gation, it was the business and duty of the com-
mittee to investigate just to the extent that the
House ordered it. Sir, this child was put to a
nurse, in myjudgment, predisposed and prede-
termined to strangle it; and I trust this House and
the country will hold that nurse to a just respons-
ibility for the deed.
Mr. Chairman, there are many reasons why I
cannot vote for the admission of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution, but I
have barely time to call the attention of the com-
mittee at this time to one; but that one, sir, is suf-
ficient for my justification, if I had no other. In
1820, when this country was convulsed to its very
center by this slavery question; when slavery was
stronger numerically and in proportion to free-
State power than now, and when you desired the
addition of another slave State, (Missouri,) our
fathers bargained with your fathers on this basis:
Your fatheis said, give us Missouri now, and we
will give you all the balance of the Louisiana pur-
chase north of 30° 30'. Our fathers took the bait,
trusting to southern honor to keep their faith; and
they did keep it; but how long? Why, sir, while
our territory was a wilderness, and worthless to
freedom; but when the time came in which we
wanted to occupy it, you found a flaw in the bond,
a legal and technical flaw. Your fathers had no
right to make the bargain, and you repudiated
it. You plowed with our heifers, you used our
doughfaces, and robbed us of our inheritance. On
the day you did that deed you inflicted a wound
upon southern honor which will rankle and fester
until you or your children will curse the day you
did the deed; and on that same day hundreds of
thousands of true northern hearts, of all political
parties and affinities, moie in sorrow than in an-
ger, struck hands in a solemn oath, by the graves
of their fathers, that you should not with their
consent enjoy the inheritance of which you had
robbed them; and that oath they will keep to the
bitter end, if need be. I have no word of com-
! plaint to make of the men who made that bargain.
| 1 know they made it for wise and what seemed to
] them good reasons, and, I cannot doubt, from pa-
I triotic motives. They believed it would restore
| peace to the country, and settle the slavery ques-
tion as between the North and the South forever.
And it did restore peace to the country, and union
and harmony among the people for more than
thirty years, until, in an evil hour, you repudiated
the contract, denied the right and power of the
parties to make it; and now you ask us to sanc-
tion the unholy and faithless act.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the day of compromises
on this subject is past; and I firmly believe that,
on the part of the people of the North, it is so;
that this great question of whether the labor of
this great nation shall be performed by freemen
or slaves, must now be settled, and settled for all
time. It is, in my judgment, the most important
and momentous question which has ever agitated
the civilized world. Let it be well considered, and
wisely settled.
I have no compromises to offer, or to make; and
if I shall ever find it necessary, or see it proper,
to vote for any measure in relation to Kansas
under which, if adopted, it can by possibility be
made a slave State, I shall do so, choosing the
lesser and contingent, to avoid the greater and
positive, evil—entering my most solemn protest
against the right of any body to make Kansas a
slave State; protesting against the right or power
of this Government to abdicate the governments
of all, or any, of the Territories, and protesting
against the newly-discovered doctrine that the
Constitution carries slavery into, and protects it,
in all or any of the Territories of this nation.
Mr. LEIDY obtained the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LEIDY. I will.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, I put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Wal-
bridge] who has just taken his seat, the object
of which was to show that, at the caucus of the
Republican members of this House at the com-
mencement of this session, that party unani-
mously pledged itself to the Philadelphia plat-
form, which advocated the admission of Kansas
under the Topeka constitution.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. Is the gentleman from Indi-
ana in order ? I thought the floor was awarded
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The floor was accorded
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but the gen-
tleman from Indiana appealed to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield it, and he did so.
Mr. GROW. He can only yield for personal
explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. He cannot yield the floor
if objection be made.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Well, I ob-
ject.
Mr. HUGHES. I merely wish to settle a ques-
tion of fact with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Leiter,] by having the resolution of the Phila-
delphia convention read.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Indiana has a right to make a per-
sonal explanation with the consent of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. If he desires to make a
personal explanation, he has a right to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is exactly
what he wants to do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that it is a personal explanation, as the
gentleman's remarks related to what was done
in the Republican caucus. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania will proceed.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. PAUL LEIDY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 30, 1858.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. LEIDY said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 desire, sir, to avail myself of
this opportunity to offer some remarks upon the
subject which has occupied so much of our atten-
tion during the present session, and it is hardly
necessary for me to say, that I feel the disadvan-
tages under which I labor, in attempting to speak
upon this question, after so much has been said
and written, both in this House and out of it, that
we have all become weary of the theme. But in-
asmuch as it may be expected by those whom I
have the honor to represent here, and who by
reason of that relation have a right to know my
views on this, as well aa on every other subject
in which they have and feel an interest; and
