1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
question for honest men to decide, but it was a
hard one for the knights of Lecompton.
But the President thinks it is no sort of use to
argue about the matter, because it is clear that the
people had the right to form a constitution with-
out any enabling act of Congi'oss; and I think the
President may be right in this. T agree with him,
that for Congress to leave the people of the Ter-
ritory perfectly free in forming their constitution,
to form and regulate their own institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
^ United States, and then to say they shall not be
permitted to frame their constitution in their own
way without express authority of Congress—and
I go even further than that, and say,f/ie bogus Le-
gislature—appears to me to be, net " almost," but
quitet a contradiction of terms. But my theory
differs from thnt of the President in this: I con-
tend that " the people" means the majority of the
bona fide inhabitants of the Territory; while the
President contends that it means the pro-slavery
inhabitants, even though they be a small minor-
ity. It seems to me, as it does not to the Presi-
dent, (and it pains me to differ from him,) " thatit
would be much more plausible to contcnd that
Congress has,no power to pass such an enabling
act," than to argue<{ that the majority of the peo-
ple might be kept under the rule and control of
the minority for an indefinite period, and until it
might please the minority, or Congress, to permit
them to sharem the rights of government." This,
Mr. Chairman, has a direct application to theTo-
peka constitution, and brings it fully within the
terms of the Kansas-Nebraska act; and the Presi-
dent's reasoning is a full and complete justifica-
tion of the Topeka government. And, sir, if this
Government had not already degenerated into a
despotism as detestable as that of Austria, when-
ever it chooses to manifest itself, the validity of
that constitution would have been acknowledged
long ago, and the Administration of the Govern-
ment would have been saved from the merited
disgrace which it has brought upon itself in the
eyes of the whole civilized world, and the people
of Kansas from the wrongs which have been in-
flicted upon them. The President, in his insane
zeul to libel the friends of freedom in Kansas, has
not been careful to make his misstatements con-
sistent with themselves. For instance, he says:
" Tiif tiuth u, that up til! the pio^cnt moment, the ene-
: mies of the evj^tnic govei union s-till aclinic to thou Topeka
revoluiionaiy constitution and government."
And o£ain he says:
" They have never acknowledged, but have constantly
renounced ant] defied, the government to winch they owe
alicginuce, and have been all the time in a otate of icsshit-
anee against Us authority."
Then, when speaking of the fact of the free-
State men having voted, on the first Monday m
January, against the Lecompton constitution, he
says:
A larjre majority of the persons who voted again®*- the
Lecompton constitution weie at the same time and place
recognizing it> valid hi the mo«t solid and enthu-
siastic mannoi by voting undei its provision*."
In one breath he charges that they still adhere
to the Topeka government and refuse to acknowl-
edge any other, and in another he declares that
they have recognized the Lecompton constitution
in the most enthusiastic manner. Extracts of a
similar contradictory character might be quoted.
They afford a melancholy instance of the repeti-
tion in high official position of a not uncommon
occurrence in our criminal courts—of the inco-
herency of false and perjured witnesses. Mr.
Buchanan fuither says:
*•< The enemies of teiutonal government determined s>till
to re-i-t the uurhou'ty of Congtess. They refused to vote
foi the delegates to the convention, not because, fiom eir-
cum-tances winch I need not detail, there was an omis-
sion to icgietur the conipatauvely few voters who wcic in-
habitant- of ceitain counties: in Kansas in the early spring
of 1807, but because they had determined at all hazauls to
adheie to their ievolutionary organization, and defeat the
establishment of any other constitution than that which
they had hamed at Topeka. The election was tlierefoie
feutfcied to pa&.s by default; but of this result the qualified
elector^ who lelu^cd to vote can never justly complain."
Here the President professes to give the reason
why the free-State men refused to vote; and he
says it was not because there had been an omis-
sion to register the names of the " comparatively
few" voters who were the inhabitants of certain
counties of Kansas m the early spring of 1857.
He says this, letit be remembered, with the letter
of Governor Walker, of December 15, open be-
fore him; which letter states that in the territorial
law, under which the convention was assembled,
thirty-four organ ized countics were named as elec-
tion districts for delegates to the convention; that
in each and all of these counties the law required
that a census should be taken and the voters re-
gistered , and the delegates appointed accordingly.
He then states that in nineteen of these thirty-
four counties no census was taken, and in fifteen
no registry of voters; that the fifteen counties in-
cluded many of the oldest counties in the Terri-
tory, and that the people in them did not give and
could not give, andby no fault of their oimt, a soli-
tary vote for delegates to the convention. He
also says these fifteen counties in which the peo-
ple were thus disfranchised gave a much larger
vote at the October election, even with the six
months' qualification, than the whole vote given
to the delegates that signed the Lecompton con-
stitution on the 7th November last. Again, the
President says:
" The question of slavery was submitted to the election
of the people on the Qlsl of December last, in obedience to
the mandate of the constitution. Heie, again, a fair oppor-
tunity was piesented to the adherents of the Topeka con-
stitution, if they weie the majority, to decide this exciting
question in their' own way,' and thus restore the peace
of the distracted Territory; but they again refused to exer-
cise the right of popular sovereignty, and again suffered the
election to pass by default."
Governor Walker says, in reference to this,
that the people can vote " only on the single issue
whether any more slaves may be imported, and
not even then, unless at the same time they will
vote for the constitution. Mr. Secretary Stanton
says of this:
u Leaving out of view the mode in which the constitution
was submitted, that single question upon which they might
vote was not presented fanly. The people could meiely
determine whether or not they would pt'imit the introduc-
tion of more slaves into the Terntoiy; for the right of those
alieadym the Terntoiy could not bo interfered with. I
should blush to present in this way such a question as this
to any community upon this continent, and say that it t'anly
presented to them the question whether-they should live
under a State government with slavery or with no slavery."
" A fair opportunity," says the President!
Surely he must have adopted the same principle
as that which governed another potentate, when
ho exclaimed, " evil be thou my good!" It is
unnecessary to quote further from this gigantic
fabrication, which is contradicted in all its mate-
rial statements and charges by the evidence of the
President's own witnesses, Governor Walker and
Mr. Secretary Stanton, and also by the published
statements of the former Govumois, Reeder and
Geary, and Secretary Gihon. Some of the state-
ments contained in the published speech of Mr.
Stanton I will not now stop to read, but will ap-
pend them. From these, as well as from the ex-
tracts already quoted from the letter of Governor
Walker to Mr. Cass, it is evident that the govern-
ment in Kansas, which the President constantly
avers was a legitimate government established un-
der the Nebraska-Kansas act, has been the gov-
! ernmcnt of a small minority, sustained and kept
j in force only by the military power of the Fed-
i oral Go\erhnicnt, and that the majority have ever
j been in a state of rebellion against this minority
| rule and the military power which was stationed
there to enforce that rule upon them.
The Kansas-Nebraska act professed to assert
a new principle for the government of our Terri-
tories—that of popular sovereignty; and we see,
as its result, the entire subversion of the funda-
mental principle of all free government—the en-
lightened will of the people. The popular sover-
eignty of the Kansas-Nebraska act was but the
whitened sepulcher of the rights of the minority.
True popular sovereignty includes, regards, and
; protects the inherent rights of every person over
i whom that sovereignty is extended. It is the
i aggregate will of every person within its jurisdic-
' tion. °It protects the rights of the minority as
well as of the majority. Under it, the majority
have no more rignt to oppress or enslave the mi-
nority, than has the absolute monarch of a king-
dom to oppress and enslave those over whom he
| rules by virtue of his power. That monarch may
have in his hands the power to enslave his people;
but God has not given him, and man cannot give
him, any such right. So the majority may as-
sume the power of decreeing that the minority
shall be their slaves; but that majority have no
such right. The right of the minority, and of;!
each individual of it, to life and liberty, is inher- jj
ent; derived from the same source, and having |j
the same basis, as that ot the majority to the same
blessings. Congress has no power, under the Con-
stitution, to establish slavery anywhere; hence,
it could confer none upon the people of the Ter-
ritories. - '
Congress has the right, in the institution <5f
governments for Territories, to prohibit elkvery
therein; and it has hitherto exercised that sight,
as waswts duty to do. Under the Nebraska-Kan-
sas act^ Congress sought, as a matter of polit-
ical policy, to shift the responsibility which the
Constitution has imposed upon it, from itself to
the people of the Territories. You repealed the
restriction which the men of the past generation
had placed upon slavery extension,ana assumed
to confer upon the people the right to establish it
—a right which you never possessed, and which
the power of Omnipotence alone could confer.
You now behold the work of your hands! Can
you pronounce itg< good?" The soil of Kansas
has been made the battle-ground for contending
hosts, tier soil has been stained with the blood
of American citizens. Her people have been
driven into rebellion against oppressive laws, en-
acted by an invading army, tier towns and vil-
lages have been sacked and plundered. Her ballot-
box has been desecrated and destroyed. The
power of the Federal Government has been in-
voked on the side of tyranny, and it sprang with
alacrity to its aid. The military arm of the nation
has been used to enforce upon American citizens
a government in which they were deprived of all
participation. In the forum of legislative debate
argument has been deposed and brute force inau-
gurated in its place. An attack, as infamous in
its inception as it was cowardly and brutal in its
execution, has been made upon the person of one
of the representatives of a sovereign State, while
engaged ifi his official duties, in the Capitol of the
nation, for words spoken in debate. Threats of
disunion and secession, as puerile in their utter-
ance as they are lame and impotent in their in-
tended effects upon free men, are daily uttered on
this floor. The memories of the great and good
of the past, whose wisdom and virtues are em-
balmed in the history of our country, to whom
we owe all that we have worth possessing, are
here openly traduced and slandered. The great
truths which our fathers pronounced self-evident,
the declaration of which sent a thrill of joy and
hope through the hearts of oppressed humanity,
are now, in this day of our country's shame, pro-
nounced " self-evident lies,5* " glittering general-
ities," and "rhetorical flourishes." Executive
interference with the legislation of Congress is
notorious; and charges which, if true, should lead
to impeachment, are refused investigation in this
House by a party vote. Laws are enacted, sys-
tems changed, and great principles violated, with-
out regard to the remonstrances of the people.
Corruption stalks abroad at noon-day in the ave-
nues of the capital, and sends forth in multitudi-
nous streams to the people with its patronage,
venal demands of acquiescence and subserviency.
Such are the demoralizing influences of slavery
which seeks to establish and extend its power
throughout the length and breadth of this conti-
nent—a power which exhausts the life and vigor
of commonwealths; destroys the prosperity of na-
tions; corrupts the principles of parties; debases
and brutalizes its victims, and drags down to its
own level of barbarism, all that yield to its em-
brace. Under the system of territorial govern-
ment adopted by our fathers, and which has pre-
vailed for more than half a century, a system
which asserted the right as well as the dftty of
Congress to exclude slavery, the will of the ma-
jority has always governed, and was always re-
spected. The history of our country does not
furnish an instance of civil commotion or even
of an attempt, on the part of a minority, to usurp
the power in the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment previous to the enactment of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Let us, then, return to the original
policy of the Government, and pence and har-
mony will follow. Let us dare to do right, be-
cause it is right. Let us indignantly spurn from
us the atheistic sentiment that there can be prop-
erty m man. Let us declare before the world that
no constitution, which recognizes man as a chat-
tel, can be "republican" in form. Let us have
the courage and the manhood to declare ourselves
the friends of the down-trodden and oppressed,
though the victims of oppression may be of an-
