1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to appeal from the
decision of the Chair upon the question of order !
I raised. And I wish to read from a report sub-
mitted by the committee of this House, to show
that I am correct.
Mr. BURNETT. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. KELSEY. The report says:
" But, from the points involved and the character of the
testimony adducedj.neither the committee nor a majority
of their number have been able to agree upon any proposi-
tion for the action of the House."
I submit that the committee have directly told
the House that they were unable to agree, and in
conclusion they ask that the several minorities
may submit their views. Therefore there is no
report of the committee here.
Mr. KEITT. Can an appeal be taken now,
business having intervened between the decision
of the question and the appeal now taken ?
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw my appeal. I
wanted to put the facts before the House for their
consideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suppose this is
the proper time for the House to determine whether
they will now consider this subject, and therefore
I desire thafr that question may be put to the
House, under the 5th rule, I believe.
The SPEAKER. Does not the gentleman from
Maryland perceive that the House has already
proceeded to the consideration of it?
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I do not. I sup-
pose that when my friend from Illinois rose and
called the attention of the Plouseto it, it was neces-
sary that we should understand what the propo-
sition was, before the question arises whether the
House will consider it or not. Arid now it is for
the House to say whether they will or will not
proceed to the consideration of the proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois at this time. The
fact that it is a question of privilege only gives ;
my friend from Illinois the right to propose the ;
motion to the House, and it is for the House after- j
wards to determine whether they will now con- j
sider it, or at some future time. I therefore ask '
that there shall be a vote of the House as to .
whether they will consider it now. |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman calls the at- ,
tention of the Chair to1 the 5th rule. |
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand that the !
amendments have been introduced. I
The SPEAKER. They have been. I
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to know how j
they got in while the gentleman from Illinois had
the floor? ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois !
yielded for that purpose. I
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I object to gentlemen 1
being allowed to yield to gentlemen to introduce !
amendments. When I desired to make a motion j
the Chair dccided that I could not do it; that I 1
was out of order. Now I desire to know whether ,
any gentleman upon this floor has privileges above ■
me in making motions? I desire to have a proper ;
understanding between the Speaker and myself, !
and to know whether I am to be proscribed? |
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is the point of order J
debatable? If the gentleman makes a point of j
order, I hope the Chair will decide it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained '
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from !
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] j
Mr. SEWARD. And yet the Chair declined
to entertain my proposition. !
The SPEAKER. Because it was objected to j
by the gentleman from Illinois. i
Mr. SEWARD. Well, my objection to the '
proposition of the gentleman from North Carolina ,
would be quite &s effective as another gentleman's ,
objection to mine. j
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to yield to me for a mo-
ment. j
The SPEAKER. There is a question of order j
already pending which must be decided. I
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not !
rise to a question of order. i
Mr. GROW. Could not any member on the '
floor rise to a question of privilege as to the seat .
of any member? Is it necessary that it should
come from a committee at all? ;
The SPEAKER. It would be competent, of j
course. The Chair is of opinion that the gentle- j
man from Maryland rises too late to ask that the
proposition be submitted to the House.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. At what point
could I have risen earlier?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could have
risen whenever the gentleman from Illinois indi-
cated the particulars of his proposition—certainly
when he sent up his resolution. The gentleman
from Maryland allowed the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Lamar] to propose an amendment,
and the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Gilmer] was allowed to submit another propo-
sition. The amendments certainly could not be
before the House unless the subject-matter had
been taken up. The very fact of entertaining the
amendments was a declaration that the House
was proceeding to the consideration of the sub-
ject-matter.
Mr." DAYIS, of Maryland. I do not desire to
appeal from the decision of the Chair. I supposed
that, until the gentleman from Illinois had read
the statement of what he called on the House to
consider, there was no opportunity of interfering.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ma-
ryland had then risen, and required that the 5th
rule should be enforced, the Chair would have
considered it as in time; but the gentleman from
Maryland permitted twoamendments to beoffered
to the proposition. The amendments certainly
could not be entertained if the subject was not
before the House for consideration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. TRIPPE. Has not the gentleman from
Illinois yielded the floor?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
stated distinctly that he yielded to the gentleman
on his right and the gentleman on his left, [Messrs.
Gilmer and Lamar,] to enable them to offer
amendments.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. With the
permission of the gentleman from Illinois——
Mf\ BURNETT. I rise to a questio« of order.
I insist that the gentleman who has the floor shall
maintain it, or yield it entirely. 1 object to its
being yielded to any gentleman, except for an
explanation or to ask a question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suppose
the gentleman from Kentucky and the Speaker
will act just exactly as we have acted heretofore.
I ask the gentleman from Illinois to yield to me,
for the purpose of making a motion which would
be cut off by the previous question ?
Mr. BURNETT. I object. The gentleman
has no right to yield the floor under the rules,
except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, the
gentleman from Illinois cannot yield the floor to
the gentleman from Kentucky, for the purpose of
making a motion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I merely
want to know what the fashion of the times is,
that we may all practice it.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes; and I say to my col-
league that he has refused to yield me the floor
under similar circumstances.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is very little,
Mr. Speaker, that I desire to say in connection
with the question before the House. My views
are briefly represented to the House in the shape
of a report, and I do not desire to occupy the time
of the House in the discussion of these views now.
The contestant desires to be heard, and has here-
tofore had the leave of the House for that pur-
pose. I state hero now that I do not intend to
call the previous question till there has been fair
room for debate, and I hope that this day will be
devoted to it, and that gentlemen leaving the Hall
shall not hereafter claim that they have not had
an opportunity to discuss it here. But 1 desire
that the debate shall be closed to-day, and that
the vote may be taken to-day, or Monday morn-
ing—I am not particular which.
Mr. GILMER. I propose that the vote be
postponed till Tuesday, at one o'clock. Mem-
bers m^y, in the mean time, examine the reports
carefully for themselves.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. As I stated, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who is contesting Mr. Camp-
bell's right to the seat, desires to be heard, and
heard in"the opening of the discussion, and I yield
the floor to him that he may now be heard.
Mr. SEWAIID. I object to the floor being
yielded unless it be surrendered entirely.
The Chair understands that
I now ask
The SPEAKER.
it is so surrendered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky.
leave to offer my motion to recommit.
Mr. BURNETT. Who is entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] has not thefloor for that
purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Who has the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The contestant.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Before we
enter on the merits of the proposition, I suppose
that I, as a member of the House, making amo-
tion which is regular and in its ordinary proceed-
ings, have a right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] has the floor.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker,un-
used to this presence, and limited by your rules
to one hour, I beg, as a special indulgence from
members of this House, the liberty to proceed
without those interruptions which custom seems
to approve in ordinary debate. When the time
allotted me shall have expired, I will readily and
with pleasure reply to such interrogatories as, in
that same spirit of courtesy and candor which has
generally been extended to me here throughout
this investigation, may consistently with your
rules be propounded by any member of this
House.
I appear in this forum to-day, Mr. Speaker, as
the Representative of nearly ten thousand of the
qualified electors of the third congressional dis-
trict of Ohio, and not in my own right. I pro-
pose to speak in their name and in their behalf
alone; and 1 trust that, without suspicion of af-
fectation , but solely for convenience and to avoid
continual personal allusion, I may be permitted
to refer to myself in the third person arid as the
contestant in this controversy, and to speak as
one having no individual interest in it.
Within the time limited it is not possible to
discuss, in a manner satisfactory to any one,
either the facts or the question involved m this
controverted election. The facts, indeed, I do not
propose to consider at all. They have been found
fully in the report of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Lamar.] If any member of the House
be not satisfied with that finding, it is.his right,
as it is also his duty, to investigate them for him-
self; but, till callcd in question, I shall assume
them precisely as found in that report.
Resolved, Mr. Speaker, to confine myself
wholly to those matters which appear in the pa-
pers, testimony, and reports in this case, and
which are essential to its just decision, and to
avoid all allusion to whatever lies outside of these
! limits, and is not pertinent to the issue in the
I cause, I propose, briefly,and imperfectlyofcourse,
! within the time allowed, to speak to two pohtts
mainly, which are presented to the judgment of
1 the House. And I select these because, upon the
j face of the adverse reports, if either of them be re-
: solved in favor of the contestant, he is entitled to
I the seat here in controversy.
: The first of these points relates to the admissi-
: bility of testimony affecting a number of votes, suf-
, ficient, even upon the showing of those reports,
| not only to turn the scale against the returned
; member, but to elect the contestant. I refer to the
i declarations or admissions by voters as to their
! qualifications, and as to the candidate for whom
1 they voted. Many of the votes here controverted,
i some upon both sides, depend in whole or in part
1 upon testimony of this character. In a large ma-
, jonty of cases indeed where it is offered, there is
other and corroborating proof. But twelve votes
on the part of the contestant depend solely upon
I this sort of testimony; and of these nine only are
allov/edin the report of thegentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] which report finds also
a majority in favor of the contestant, without these
nine, and upon what is regarded as clear and satis-
factory proof. The adverse reports reject all these
twelve votes, as also many others—in all to the
number of more than thirty—where these declar-
ations are offered along with direct or circumstan-
tial proof. But upon the face of these reports, if
this evidence be admissible, the contestant is
entitled to the seat.
It is the misfortune, Mr. Speaker, of all Amer-
ican lesislativeassemblies, composed, as they are,
almost"wholly of lawyers, that every question,
