1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
other color, or of another clime. With us, sir,
the Constitution of our country has deposited a
high discretionary power in relation to the ad-
mission of n<?w States into the Confederacy—a
power which devolves upon us the most import-
ant and solemn duty which we can be called upon
to discharge. That power we shall soon be called
upon to exercise. The instrument before us, pur-
porting to be the constitution of Kansas, w%know
to be that of a small minority of her people, the
great mass of whom most solemnly and earnestly
protest against its imposition upon them. It rec-
ognizes the right of property in man—a principle
which her people abhor.
Sir, you may disregard their remonstrances,
you may treat them with scorn, you may trample
upon their rights, you may attempt to force upon
them this government; but, sir, you cannot sub-
due them, you can never conquer them. You have
driven them into rebellion, but you can never
drive them into subjection. They have been
taught in the school of revolutionary heroes, and
have not yet forgotten their lessons. Remember,
sir,that they are American citizcns. Indorse that
constitution; decree the admission of Kansas un-
der it, and you will then be called upon to enforce
that decree at the point of the bayonet. Sir, her
people, true to the principles of the American
Revolution will never submit. My prayer to God
is that they never will! Nor will they be left alone
in their holy struggle. There lives not a man in
this broad land, whose heart pulsates with liberty
and a love of justice, who would not obey with
alacrity her call for help. In such a contest she
would command the sympathies of the civilized
world. From such a struggle I would notshrink,
nor would I hesitate to pour out my blood upon
her soil in defense of her rights and her liberties.
And when, sir, this nation engages in such a con-
test, on the side of despotism, against her own
people, history, in recording the infamous fact,
will with the same pen record her epitaph—such
will be the righteous retribution of our nation's
crime.
[APPENDIX.
Extracts from the speech of Mr. Sec/etary Stanton, in Phil-
adelphia, February 8, lcoS.
"The substance of the complaints made by the people of
the Territoiy, when 1 arrived in Kan-sU?, wa-i that they h.ul
had no fair participation—indeed, no participation what-
evei—in the government of the Terntory winch was estab-
lished overthem. I found there intelligent men <iom almost
every State m the Union—men fiom your own great con-
servative State. 1 found them settled upon their farms-
intelligent, industrious, sober, good citizens, desirous of
peace and oider. Yet I found them denouncing the teru-
torial organization, many ot ihem declining that they would
never yield obedience to it. And why ? The simple lea&on
offered was, as I have already stated, that they had been by
violence and fraud excluded from any fair paiticipution in
the election of the officers of the Territory—in other words,
that the Legislaune of the Terntoiy had not been elected
by the people of the Terntory, but that the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Council had been elected by the popu-
lation o! a neighboring State,oi by fraud and outrage-which
left to the people oi the Terntory no possible opportunity ot
conducting their own affaird m their own way, under the
territorial organization.
Such was their complaint, f did not know certainly
how much tiuth theie might be m ihes-e complaints. Hut
it vva^ ceif.imly an astonishing thing—a fact calculated to
arrest the attention of any man, ot any public officer who
desired to do hihduty to the whole country—to see the great
inaes of the population ot' the Ternroty renting the laws,
refusing obedience to them upon the giound (which doubt-
less they nneeiely believed) that thc&e laws had been un-
justly imposed upon them.
" Under these eneum'xtnnces. Governor Walker and mv-
self—he as Governor, and I, in his absence from the Ter-
ritory, as acting Governor, with the ^ame power and au-
thority—had the unlimited control of that poition ot'the
Army of the United St ttes which was within the Terntoiy.
When I say 'the unlimited control,' I mean unlimited so
fai as tlfc law allowed the u*e of the forces for the purpose
for which they were icquircd; that is to say. the officers of
the Army were left no discietion, but were bound to obey
the command of the Governor, the whole rc-pon.Mbihty
resting upon him, and not upon the mihtaiy olhcer. We
did not doubt—we knew, as any man having the same op-
portunity would neeessanly have known, that a vas-t ma-
jority of the people entertained these sentiments m lefer-
encc to the territorial government. Of thi3 fact there was 1
not the slightest question. Three or four or five to one of I
the people told us to our face that they would not obey the i
lawo, because. a3 they said, those laws were imposed upon
them by illegitimate authority; they had been defrauded i
and cheated, and they would not submit. j
<( hi tins state of tiling-:, Governor Walker and myself, i
generally m company, went among the people for the pin- '
pose of listening to their complaints, of ascertaining their I
sentiments, tneir wants; and we endeavored to per.-uade .
them as peaceable American citi/.en-5. to submit to the laws
until they could right themselves at the ballot-box 1 was
abounded when they laughed in my face with scorn and
rnoe^eiy  t the very mention of the ballot-box. They said
that the local officer weie the merest and mojt unscrupu-
lous partisans, utterly dishonest in these matters of public
elections ; and that if their neighbors of Missouri did not
come into the Territory for the purpose of outvoting ^ui,
these officers would cheat and defraud them by forged
votes made for that purpose. I confess that I could not be-
lieve.these things. I did not know certainly whether such
things had transpired before in the history of that Terri-
tory. "
*-** * * * * * * *
" It was not m the power of Governor Walker, with all
his persuasive eloquence, to inspire the people of Kansas
with confidence sufficient to go into the election, on the
15th day of June, for delegates to the convention. .1 believe
that if, prior to that time, a fair registration had been made
of the voters of the Terntory, thatGovernor Walker would
have induccd the people to go into that election. But it
was not made—the people said that the great mass of their
number had no power or right to vote,'because their names
had not been registered, and the comparatively few who
had been registered refused to separate from the members
of their own party who had been excluded. They did not
go into the election on the loth of June, and the conse-
quence was, that out of the nine thousand two hundred and
fifty voters, whose names had been registered, the sixty del-
egates who framed the Lecompton constitution received
and were elected by less than two thousand votes. [Laugh-
ter.] There were in all about two thousand two bundled
votes cast, and of these the successful candidates received
one thousand eight hundred, which, upon an average, was
about thirty vote's apiece. [Laughter.] I confess to you
that it never occurred to me as a thing probable, or even
possible, that these sixty men, thus having placed in their
hands theinteiests of a people of that character, could have
dreamed of refusing to submit then work to the great masses
who had no participation, or opportunity to participate, in
their election. X did not dream of that contingency, much
less did I ever suppose that any respectable authority out-
side of Kansas, or even in Kansas, would seriously have
contended for such a proposition ; least of all could 1 have
supposed that, with the instructions of the President before
me, ho could iiave been fouud at tins time proclaiming to
the Congress of the United States, and to the world, that
this constitution ought to be adopted by Congress, and fast-
ened upon the people against their express and unequiv-
ocal piotcst." * * * * * * * *
ik It is true that up to the time of the October election, I
could not believe—1 did not altogether believe—that the
complaints of the people of Kansas were just, weie true.
No man could have credited the outrages which they as-
serted had been perpetrated upon them. But, immediately
after the October election had transpired, when the minor-
ity, which had had entire control of the Government fiom
it  inception, saw that the power was about to depart fiom
them, I was astounded—my eyes were opened—when I le-
ceived at the executive oihcem Lecompton the celebrated
leturns fiom Ououl and iVfeGec " * * * *
" They based the apportionment to the county of John-
son upon the fraudulent letnms given at Oxford at the
October election. To that almost uninhabited county they
gave two Senators out of tin i teen, and four ilepiesentatives
out of thirty-nine. The great preponderance of Represent-
atives was given to the border counties of Missouri. And
in providing for the vote upon the constitution, thev ro-
quued no qualification lor voters except the fact of inhab-
itant y on the day of the election.
"1 conseientiou>ly believed that the great mass of the
people of Mis.-ouri had nothing to do with these ■shameless
violations of law and right in the Teuitoiy of Kansas.
Those who did participate in them weie eompaiatively
few, and were the worst part ot the border population—pol-
iticians of the lowest, most unscrupulous character.
" I had opposed the Lecompton constitution, not only be-
cause I maintained the right of the people to vcue upon then
fundamental law, but because I saw in that monument
itself the most unjust, the most unfan of all possible pto-
visions. In this schedule to the constitution, they profess,
in a certain way, to submit it to the adoption or injection
of the people ; yet they aftei wards quahfv the mattei m such
a manner as to give them only the power to vote upon a
single feature of the monument—fur the constitution with
slaveiy, or for the constitution with no slavciy ; but for the
constitution at all events, and under all encumstances.
k< The President of the United States, m his special mes-
sage, had deelaied that the people of the Territory had a
fair opportunity to decide whether the State should be a
slave Htate or a free State. Without intending to impugn
the motives of the Pie^ident, far Iet,s to question his vera-
city, X feel bound to say that the statement was, m my judg-
ment, utteilyincoiie'ct." ******
" 1 now discoveied, for the first time to myctUuc satisfac-
tion, why it was that the great mass of the people of the
Teiritoiy had been dissatisfied with their government and
weie-ready to rebel and to thiow it off. There never was
j a moment dining my icsideiici; in the Teintory of Kansas
I th.it the people would not have rejected their government
I —uni-iiy overthrown it, destroyed it. but for the powei of
! the United States aitny within the Terntory.
i •• The convention met in October to piosecute its work.
I The membeis of this convention were elected by, and rep-
resented a small mmonty of pro-slaveiy men—they lepie-
| rented hf.ucelv nn\bodv cIm1.
I ':Mi. lhc-ident, I had confidently expected that the con-
: vention would have named that constitution fanly and
! piOperly, that they would have submitted it to the people
! entire, and that they would have permitted them, by a &ep-
! arate and distinct vote, to deteimme whether or not they
would have, slaveiy wi(hm ihefc?tate. But to my great re-
el et arid mortification, when they concluded their work, X
«.aw upon the laco of the instrument piepaied by them, the
plainest indications of piedetenmnation and piecontnvance
for continuing the conttol of the minority by the same
means by which it had been maintained fiom the begin
nmg." *•***> - +
"I do not believe U ever was the intention of Governor
! Walkei—U certainly never was mine—to occupy a place
j in the turiitoual government of Kansas, and see frauds,
, wrong-*, and outrages peipetrated at the ballot-bo\\ or eise-
I wheie. and continue to enfoice upon the people the laws
• thus maintained. I sayheie, to-night, that I would have
i resigned my commission—X would have thrown it in the
face of the authorities at Washington, [applause]—if IJiad
uuuerstood,or thought, that I should bo required to continue
the same state of things in Kansas which had existed there
previous to my arrival.
" I would never have consented to become the instrument
of oppressing the people, Black Republicans, or anything
else which they might be, [cheers,] by maintaining a Gov-
ernment of the minority, by torce and by means of the Army
of the United States. One fact is beyond all dispute—that
since I have been in Kansas, and so far as I have known
anything of her history, the government there has been the
government of the miuoiity. [Applause.] it is true that
the vast majority of the people, upon several occasions, have
refused to participate in elections. They have stood otf,
and said: ' We have no lot or part in this proceeding; we
have no confidence in them; we know we cannot get jus-
tice, and therefore we turn away from them, and will have
nothing to do with them.' Whatever may be the truth in
regaid to the complaints of the people of Kansas, it cer-
tainly was a lamentable state of affairs, which must have
been the consequence of some great wrong, leal or imagi-
nary, inducing the people thus to refuse to participate in
their own government, at the very time when they were
clamoring for the opportunity to govern themselves.
"The people of that Territory had provided for a conven-
tion, but they had not clothed them with power to put the
constitution they agreed upon m operation without sub-
mitting it to the people. But the convention attempted to
assume the power, and after the Legislature had been called
together for the purpose of preventing it, and had author-
ized an election on the 4th of January, at which more than
ten thousand votes wore cast against it, the Pi esident tells
us that he has no official information of that vote. I doubt
not that the President's statement is correct; but X tell you
that I was present on the 13th or 14th of Januaiy, when
Governor Denver, my successor, formally, m the presence
of the Speaker of the House and the President of the Coun-
cil opened the votes and counted ten thousand of them,
and it was then well understood that a considerable num-
ber of precincts had not yet sent in returns. Since that time
[ have seen by the newspapers that the vote had reached
twelve thousand. The whole vote of the election of the 21st
of December, held by the authority of the convention, both
for and against the slavery clause in the constitution, was
six thou&and seven hundred, and at least one half ot that
was utterly fraudulent, as is known and will he acknowl-
edged by every fair, intelligent, and candid man in the Ter-
ritory and on the borders of Missoun, whilst it is evident
that on the 4th of January there were from ten to twelve
thousand votes cast against the constitution.
X have heard no chaige of fiaud against the party who
polled this large vote against the constitution. Even if
the^e gentlemen had been as ready to commit fiaud as the
other parly, there was no nece^itv for it, and certainly
they showed a disposition not fo do it, because they threw
around the law every possible guard which was necessary
to secure honesty.
a The ical vote of the whole pro-slaveiypaity could not
be, Mr. S. thought, more than three thousand or three thou-
sand five hundred; that of the free-State men was from
twelve to fifteen thousand."]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, then obtained the
floor; but yielded it to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committoc rose; and Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, having taken the chair, Mr. Bocock re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the bill ("II. II. No. 306) to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1858, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. BOCOCK, (at
seven o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 24,1858.
Prayer by Rev. Mr. Brown.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, commu
nicating in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a statement of allowances made to dis-
tributing and separating offices by order of the
Postmaster General, under an act approved June
29, 1854, to regulate the pay of deputy postmas-
ters; which, on motion of Mr. Gwin, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post OiRce and
Post Roads.
NEW YORJK ON KANSAS.
Mr. SEWARD. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of New York concerning the
bill for the admission of the State of Kansas into
| the Union, which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Resolved, That the State of New York i? opposed to the
admis.-ion ofKansas into the Union ai a State with the con-
stitution commonly known as the Lecompton consfitunon
or any other constitution which shall not have been in all
its party fairly submitted to the legal voters of the Teimory,
and received their sanction and approval.
