2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
even the gravest problems of Government and
public policy, is argued as upon special demurrer,
and tried by the narrow rules of a common law
jurisdiction. Certainly, sir, the skill and discip-
line of the bar are available in every department
of life, and nowhere more valuable than in le-
gislation; but they ought to be here used as the
discipline and skill of the athlete when he is
transferred to military warfare; his strength, and
courage, and powers of endurance are all just as
valuable as in the campus, but the weapons, the
stiategy, and the tactics are totally changed. A
controverted election resembles, indeed, a tiial at
law, far more than ordinary legislation; neverthe-
less, there is a wide difference as I shall attempt,
by-and-by, to establish; and a more liberal rule is
to be adopted in its investigation. But the first
and natural impulse of every lawyer here, fresh
from the dust and toil of forensic courts, is to test
every question, especially of evidence, by the
mere technical rules of the common-law jurisdic-
tion, with which he has, every day, been accus-
tomed to deal.
And thus, too, a civilian would in like manner
try every question by the principles of the Code
and the Pandects, and the practitioner at Doctors'
Commons by the Gregorian Institute and the
Clementine constitutions, and finding no case
in point," each would pronounce judgment ac-
cordingly. Sir, this is one of the " idols of the
cave,''against which the greatest of philosophers
has warned us. No case like this ever has arisen,
or ever can aiise, in a forensic court, in the exer-
cise of its oidmary or common-law jurisdiction.
Yet I venture to affirm that it would not be diffi-
cult, m just such a case, and before just such a
tribunal, to establish the admissibility of this evi-
dence. Very true, sir—if, indeed, these declara-
tions could be regarded as hearsay at all—hear-
say evidence is said not to be admitted. Certainly
tins is the general rule; but the exceptions are as
numerous as the variety and the exigencies of lit-
igation; and every day for centimes has brought
forth some modification of the rule, or some new
application of the multiplied exceptions; and it is
a significant fact, that one hundred and «eventy-
eight pages of the first volume of Greenleaf upon
Evidence are devoted to these exceptions alone.
Itisno new thing, therefore, that hearsay or dec-
larations should be received.
it is the every-day practice of your courts to
receive and act upon just such evidence m the
most important trials, not of property or libeity
only, but, of hie also. in actions for malicious
prosecutions, in oases of agency and trusts, m
criminal conversation, in questions of sanity, sick-
ness, pedigree, birth, mainage, death, boundary,
m matters of public interest, though pertaining
only to a di.-unet, parish, or neighborhood, it is
regulaily received, inscriptions on family por-
traits and funeral monuments; entries by third
persons;dying declarations; declarations by bank-
rupts; declarations m settlement cases, in ques-
tions of residence, or as a part of the fitsgc^t<c;
declarations by privies m law, in blood, m estate;
declarations against interest; and, of course, ad-
missions and confessions, are all equally admissi-
ble, and whole volumes of reports and treatises
are filled with them.
So, also, upon the. principle of necessity, evidence
otherwise inadmissible has been received. Thus,
besides much of the hearsay to which I have re-
ferred, the testimony of the wife is, in certain
cases, admitted against the husband; and the
owner of a tiunk, and in some States the wife of the
owner, is received as a witness to prove the con-
tents in an action against a common carrier. So,
too, m many other cases; parties to the record,
parties m interest, and others, excluded by the
general lules of evidence, are yet admitted to
testify.
Apply the principle here, and the declarations
of a voter, both as to his qualifications and his
vote, are clearly admissible. I say as to both;
because the largest class of voters challenged in
contests from States where, as in Ohio, there is
no property qualification of any kind — a class
which, in this very case, embraces one half the
whole number controverted—consists of non-res-
idents of the Slate or county, sojourners for a day,
or " pipp-luyeis,"if you please, colonized for the
purposes of the election, and who, as soon as
their mission is performed, leave the county for
pans unknown, or beyond the jurisdiction of the
officer -appointed to take the testimony. But,
more than all this, neither these sojourners, nor
any other voters, whose rights are called in ques-
tion, even if forced to attend, can be compelled to
testify, either as to their votes, since they are by
ballot, or their qualifications, because they might
thereby subject themselves to a criminal prose-
cution. Both these exemptions are high consti-
tutional rights in Ohio, which no tribunal is per-
mitted to disregard. The former, if not as ancient
is yet just as sacred and binding as the latter;
since the very object of the secret ballot, that un-
gentlemanly mode of election, not founded cer-
tainly on the highest notions of human virtue and
independence, and tending still less to foster and
develop them, is to enable the elector to conceal
what he ought never to be ashamed or afraid to
avow. Nevertheless, that such is his right has
been repeatedly adjudged. Add now to this the
protection against self-crimination, by any com-
pulsory admission or confession, and it is palpa-
ble that, without just such evidence as is here of-
fered, there must, for the most part, be an utter
failure ofjustice,and the riirht to purge the ballot-
box by a scrutiny be rendered a delusion and a
snare. And I beg to repeat here to the House,
what I stated to the committee, that so far as the
testimony of the voters themselves was procured—
and no small part of the evidence in the case con-
sists of it—it was upon a tacit or express pledge
or understanding, not binding, certainly, but
j volunteered, nevertheless, that no prosecutions
j should be instituted.
| Examples such as I have referred to, might be
multiplied without number, and the proposition
clearly established, that every instance where, in
a given class of cases, a failure of justice would
otherwise probably occur, courts of even com-
mon law, both m England and America, have
uniformly departed from the rule—itself, indeed,
but an exception—which excludes hearsay; and
thus the oath and cross-examination been obliged
to yield lo othci tests of vetacity, where justice
and tile puhlicmtere.H demand it. it is not enough
to way thai this common law excludes hearsay
evidence. It once excluded nil who had an interest
in the suit. It shut out the parties to the record;
and in other respects it was hemmed in and cir-
cumscribed. Hut one by one, all these limita-
tions have been abrogated, and the whole tend-
ency of courts and Legislatures now is to admit
all evidence, and to allow the court or jury to 1
judge of its credibility and its sufficiency, in view
of all the surrounding circumstances of ouch par- ,
ticular case. Uut m an argument submitted to the
committee and printed with the reports, I have
discussed this part of the question at full length, 1
and sustained the proposition by numerous cita-
tions from the highest authorities; and to that
argument I respectfully refer the House.
Such, then, Mr. Speaker, are the rules, decis-
ions, and course of reasoning from them, upon
which,even inacourt of common law,the admis-
sibility of the decimation here objected to might
be maintained. But I propose to ascend now to
higher principles; to a more liberal tribunal and
more enlarged jurisdiction; to a forum where pub-
lic rights are investigated, and where the parties
are the people. The House, in respect to con- ,
tested elections, is, as one of the earliest writers ,
upon the subject has observed, " as well a coun- 1
cil of State, and court of equity and discretion,
as a court of law and justice;" and applies, there- ■
fore, the legal rules oi evidence rather by analogy 1
and according to their spirit, than with the tech- !
meal strictness of the ordinary judicial tribunals.
Veiy early m the history of the Government—in
1793—Mr Smith, of South Carolina, an able law-
yer and sound statesman, said, in a contested
election, that—
"The House had been told that hearsay testimony wn<
iiiiwiii thy ot attention, but he wi.-hcil to leuuiui them that
they woie not, hko a court of'les-tnctcd to pioeeed
upon leguku piouf, and not iro be\on<! the letter of it ; they
were entitled to hear and u-cii-Ji cverylkiii" advanced, ami to
fotui thru opinion from the general comiction arinrn^ upon
the whole circumstances."—Cant. Klcctions, 80. ■'
And in a controverted election tried in Phila-
delphia in 1851, under a special statute of Penn-
!( sylvania, the learned judge who heard the case
said:
kV This is a <;rcat public inquiry jn which the community
aie mostdeeplv mterec-ted, beating upon and affecting njfiiN
,i and tlto eveiei-B ot them that he at the ba-is of our whole
il Government." * " It is not a suit, but ~
j! a public investigation." \
And upon that ground, his colleague concurring,
he set aside the common-law rule upon the sub-
ject, and admitted the parties to the record to tes-
ti y. And this same distinction was recognized
by the court of Queen's Bench as far back as the
reign of Queen Anne. Such a tribunal, then, is
not to be circumscribed by the narrow technical-
ities of the common law. It has its own cursm
curice, its practice and its precedents; and where
these are silent, it ascends up to the principles o^
human nature and the springs of human conduct;
to that law which is " the collected wisdom of
ages, combining the principles of original justice
with the boundless variety of human affairs."
And who, Mr. Speaker, are the parties before
this august tribunal ? Not the returned member
and myself. No; we are but the John Doe and
Richard Roe of the record. We claim on demise
by the people. Every e'oction and every citizen,
nay, each inhabitant of the district, certainly
every voter at the election of 1856, is a party.
They are the constituency who are here demand-
ing representation in this Hall. It is not the paltry
salary, the " provoking gold," nor yet the honor,
high though ir may be, of a seat upon this floor, to
one or the other of us, that gives value and mo-
ment to this controversy. It is because the rights of
a hundred thousand people are concerned We are
but their agents and attorneys; neither of us is the
only or the real party in interest; but every voter
and all the voters at the election here controverted
aie the tiue parties before your tribunal. And
applying now even the ordinary principles of the
common law to this testimony, evenj voluntary
adoii.Ktoii or confession, whether as to qualification
or as to vote, by any one having voted at that
election, is receivable in evidence. The proposi-
tion is too clear for argument.
Upon what principle, then, is this testimony to
be rejected ? Because it is said to ba hearsay, and
to come without the sanction of oalk and a oss-ex-
amhialion. Sir, however valuable or necessary
these tests may be in mere private judicial inves-
tigations, if they were to be required in the ordi-
nal y affairs of life, neither the political, social, nor
business relations of the wot Id, nor even individ-
ual existence, couid be maintained for a single day.
From the first breath we draw in infancy to the
last moments of our lives, we are dependent for
all,except what lies within the narrow ciiclcof
our own vision or experience, upon this self same
hearsay testimony. The whole history of the
woild, from the creation down to the events of
yestciday, is founded upon it. Most of our knowl-
edge of the arts, sciences, geography, astronomy,
is derived fiomit. From the highest and most
momentous transactions of the Government down
thiough successive gradations to the most trivial
concerns of human life and conduct, we arc ac-
customed to act upon it.
Do you tell me thai great empires and States—
Persia, Greece, Rome—rose, flourished, and fell
huudieds of yeais ago? that historians, philoso-
phers, statesmen, artists, potent monarchs, and
famous poets, lived and died centuries since '<• How
do you know it? Do you believe in the Coperni-
ean system of astronomy, and teach your child
that the earth turns upon its axis, and revolves
round the sun 5 How do you know that5 Do you
tell me that many thousand miles off beyond the
ocean there lies a vast empire called China, with
more than a hundred millions of people? Have
you seen it? Did you hear it sworn to? How do
you know that Washington lived, or that the Dec-
laration of Independence was adopted by the Con-
tinental Congress, or that the siege of Yorktown
occurred ' Has some old man of a hundred*years
told you' and did you stop to administer the oath
and subject him to a cross-examination ? Are you
sure to-day that Napoleon is Emperor of France ?
or Victoria Queen of England? Do you believe
that rebellion exists in India? or that the Palmers-
ton Ministry fell the other day from power? Sir, in
all these things, as in that which pertains to the
world to come, we walk by faith and not by siqht;
and to discard and cast aside whatsoever does not
come to us under the ordinary sanctions of judi-
cial investigation, is to banish all books, to dry
up all the fountains of knowledge, to arrest all
progress, to subvert all civilization, and to degrade
mankind, and each particular man, to the lowest
depths of ignorance and scepticism.
Why, sir, the very existence of that rule of the
common law which excludes hearsay is proved
