1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1295
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution bp transmitted to
the Senators and Representatives from tins State in Con-
gress.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish to make
a statement, in a few words, concerning the atti-
tude of the State of New York on the great sub-
ject which has been so long under debate in Con-
gress. In reply to the position which I have
assumed here, it has been intimated that the action
of the Representatives of New York in opposing
the extension of slavery, is of recent origin, and
of a partisan character; that the operation of the
substitution of free labor for slave labor in the
States which tolerated slavery at the beginning
of our constitutional existence, is a state of tui-
oulence; and that the progress of that reformation
of our social system must necessarily be attended
with conflicts and disasters. I have to state, sir,
that when the State of New York came into the
Union, every sixteenth inhabitant of the State
was a slave; that in the year 1799, under the au-
spices of John Jay, and nine years before the pro-
hibition of the foreign slave trade, the system for
the gradual emancipation of slaves was be<run in
New York; that in the year 1817 it was completed
by an act which abolished slavery at the expira-
tion of ten years from that time; that it was not
attended by injustice or fraud; but the same act
which abolished slavery prohibited both the ex-
portation and importation of slaves 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. I
understand the Senator from New York to be
making a speech on the presentation of this pe-
tition. The rule of the Senate, as I understand
it, is that on the presentation of it, the Senator
may state its contents, but cannot make a speech
on it.
Mr. SEWARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator has misapprehended the nature of the busi-
ness before the Senate. I am submitting the res-
olutions of the Legislature of New York, and I
believe that it has always been allowed that an
explanation or statement might be made accom-
panying such resolutions. I intend to make a
motion in relation to them.
Mr. IYERSON. The rule, I think, simply is
that an explanation stating the contents of the
paper may be made, but not a speech on the merits
of the general proposition contained in it. I
should have no objection to hear the Senator at
another time, but there is important business that
I desire to get up this morning in reference to the
public interests, which I think of more conse-
quence than any speech the .Senator call make on
thesubject of slavery. Therefore I raise the point
of order, and desire a decision as to whether he
is permitted to go on and make a speech on the
merits of the proposition, or to go further than
merely state the contents of the paper.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will submit a motion in re-
gard to the resolutions, which is, that they be
printed; and upon that motion, with the leave of
the Senate, and I am sure I shall have the consent
of the honoiable Senator from Georgia, I wish to
add a few words to the explanation which I had
almost concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sees
that the Senator from Georgia insists upon the
point of order. The rules of the Senate require
that after the Journal is read the Chair shall call i
for petitions, and then for reports of standing
committees. If the rules are strictly enforced,
that would be the order of business. After that,
would come resolutions from the Legislatures of
States, and any other motions; but it has been
usual, without objection, to offer resolutions, pe-
titions, and reports together during; the first hour '
of the meeting of the Senate. The Chair, there-
fore, did not interrupt the Senator from New
York, although, if any Senator had risen and
insisted on the presentation of a petition or a
report, the Chair would have felt bound to re-
ceive it.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg leave to ask the Senator
from New Yoik how long he is going to speak.
Mr. SEWARD. Not five minutes.
Mr. IVERSON. If he will confine himself to
five minutes, I will withdraw the point of order, j
Mr. SEWARD. I had only to add, on the J
branch of the subject I was considering, that thirty !
years from the time when the first measure for j
emancipation was instituted, there was not left, ;
within the borders of the State of New York, a j;
single slave; that the result of the replacing of !!
slave labor with free labor is seen in the position,
character, power, wealth, peace, and prosperity
of the State of New York; that I know no com-
munity of three million men at this time, and know
of none that ever existed, whose situation was
more enviable and more prosperous.
Mr. President, in a conversation which occurred
between the honorable Senator fromVitginia, who
is the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and myself, on a kindred subject, that
honorable Senator was understood to say that he
thought there we-re indications that the British
nation were changing- their opinions on the sub-
ject of slavery and the slave trade. I, in reply to
him, stated that, while I thought I had discovered
indications of a change of sentiment on the part
of the Government, it did not reach, as I thought,
to the British nation. That debate seems to have
elicited the attention of the British Cabinet, and
they have caused an explanation to bo made,
which it is due to the interests of society that I
should read:
In a brief debate which occurred in the Senate of the
United Stat en in the early part of the present session, Mr.
Mason, of Vnginm, expressed ins giatification at what he
mideit-tood to be tho change now goins on in England on
the subject of slavery; and even Mr. Sfward, while deny-
in" that there was a/iy change in the English people, was
di>po^ed to admit such a change m the Government. This
admission has drawn forth an express contradiction tuna a
distinguished and most intelligent member of the late Butish
Cabinet, speaking m behalf of the late Government. At the
f.uewell dinner to Dr. -Livingstone, in London, befoie his
departute for Afnea, the Duke of Argyle spoke as follows:
" But the mam interest was to he lound m the deep arid
abiding feeling cherished by Englishmen on the subject of
the extinction of shivery and the improvement of the native
tribes of Afuca. It had been ^ated—he was surprised to
leain—even by Mr. Seward m this Senate of tlie United
States, that a cliantre had come over the opinion* of the
Butish Government ie^pfeting this question. Chit he-part of
her Majesty's Government he cas authorized to state that
there was )io ground jor any such assertion, and there was no
objecton which the noble lord at the head of the Government
had shown more consistent steadfastness of put pose than
the abolition of the slave trade. Among the motives winch
had induced her Majesty's Government lo a>Mnt m fitting
out this expedition, the first and foremost wa« a desire to
assist m putting an end to the slave trade, and improving
the state of the native tubes of Africa."
I move that the resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from New York
having brought this matter before the Senate, I
wish to say a word. I remember perfectly the
semi-official conversation which took place be-
tween us, across the floor, on a suggestion which
I made, and which is the opinion I still entertain,
the Duke of Argyle to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. Certainly he knows the, purposes of his Gov-
ernment better than any interpretation I could
place upon them; but yet the fact remains that
the Emperor of Franco has legalized the slave-
trade from Africa, under the guise of importing
wild barbarian Africans on an indenture of ap-
prenticeship for a given time; and it is historically
tiue that the attention of the British Government
having been called to it, some attempts, whether
authorized by the Government or not I do not
know, were made on the part of the British Gov-
ernment, either to induce France to abandon that
policy or to contravene it, and that the result has
been that the Emperor of France has persevered
i in it, and the Government of England has yielded,
i My impressions, in which I may be right or may
be wrong, were that when Fiance perseveres in
that policy of repopulating her now abandoned
West Indian possessions with African labor, the
Government of England will find itself in a neces-
| sary condition to follow it.
! Mr. BIGGS. I avail myself of this, the most
favorable opportunity I have, for the purpose of
making a remark in regard to my colleague, [Mr.
IIeid.] I desire to repeat what I said to the Sen-
ate last Monday night a week ago; but which, in ;
consequence of the accumulated debate, has not I
yet been published. My colleague has been con- j
lined by severe indisposition at Richmond for the j
last two months and a half, and he desired rne to
say (I ought to have taken occasion to say it
yesterday, when the vote was being taken, but I
did not then do so,) that if he were here when the
bill was pending for the admission of Kansas into
the Union, he would have voted with great pleas-
ure for the bill, and his absence has been pre-
vented by indisposition over which he had no con-
trol; but"! am pleased to state to tho Senate that
he is now improving.
The VICE PRESIDENT/ The question ison
the motion to print the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New York.
Mr. KING. I have listened to the allusions of
my colleague,and the honorable Senat'orfromVir-
gmia, as to the opinions which the Government
of Great Britain may entertain on this subject. It
is well known that slavery was introduced into
these polonies by the Government of Gfreat Brit-
ain; and. when orignally introduced into Virginia,
it was remonstrated against by the people of that
colony. I do not, myself, think, whatever respect
we may entertain for the intelligence or for the
power of that kingdom or its Government,thatits
opinions should be cited as entitled to influence
upon the acts of this country. We are a people
| who have a Government different from theirs 
( one in which the sovereignty is with the people,
j We desire to make labor honorable; and we do
i not desire to have privileged classes here. Now
i whatever respect I may entertain for that G-ov-
| ernment, I would notallow their opinions upon a
i matter of this kind to have any influence what-
ever with me, and especially if they were going in
such direction as the Senator from Virginia sup-
poses they may now be going. It is a mere re-
turn to their nrst policy, if it be so; but I am
happy to hear that there is doubt about that fact,
for I should be glad to find all the nations of
Christendom disposed to ameliorate and abolish
slavery.
The motion to print the resolutions was agreed
to; and they were ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of P. 0.
Deebee, praying for the aid of Congress in pub-
lishing an analysis of American law, of which he
is the author; which was refened to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of Min-
der), New York, for the enactment of a law grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812. and
the widows of such as have died; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Al-
bany, New York, praying that a quarter section
of iand in the proposed Territory of Arizona may
be granted to each actual settler, including- the
right to the minerals m the soil; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John J. Rink,
praying Congress to purchase the right to use
certain improvements made by him in the con-
struction of submarine masonry and in shipbuild-
ing; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of New
York, praying for the passage of a general mer-
cantile relief law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,
1 He also presented a petition of William B.
| Whiting, of tho United States Navy, praying for
; an amendment of the pension and bounty land
I laws; which was referred to the Committee on
i Pensions.
1 Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of mer-
j chants of New Orleans remonstrating against the
i repeal of the law establishing the Light-House
, Board; which was leferrcd to the Committee on
j Commerce.
i Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Findloy
; Patterson, praying to be allowed payment for
| work done in the erection of the Capitol building
I at Lecompton, in Kansas, under a contract with
I the Governor of the Territory, and indemnity
i for losses sustained m consequence of the sus-
; pension of the work; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented three petitions of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the enactment
of a general mercantile relief law; which was re-
ferred to thf Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DURKEE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, praying for the enact-
ment of a law which will secure the payment of
the amount due to that State arising from the sale
of the public lands therein; which was referred
to the (JomTmttee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of the
Numismatic Society of Philadelphia praying the
establishment of a medal department at the Mint
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
