2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
duct them from the poll of the returned member.
But the argument submitted in his behalf before
the committee, and printed with and expressly-
made a part of that report, places it partly upon
the ground that these persons of color were qual-
ified electors of Ohio, and partly because of the
alleged insufficiency and incompetency of the evi-
dence. The proof as to one of these mulattoes is
direct: as to four others it consists of their dec-
larations or admissions; as to all, it is circum-
stantial, also. The evidence is summed up in the
report which I have first referred to, and is there
shown to be just such as is recognized by all the
precedents and authorities, and has been repeat-
edly received and acted on by committees and the
House. I shall not discuss it. If, after having
duly considered all the several facts and circum-
stances thus summed up in that report, any mem-
ber of the House can conscientiously say in his
heart that he is not satisfied that these mulattoes
and persons of color voted for the returned mem- i
ber, let him vote accordingly. One circumstance '
only I will allude to—a fact disclosed in the testi-
mony. In the third ward of Dayton there was
carried to the polls, and placed upon the table
where the ballots were being received, an old man
of ninety—an imbecile, slavering iri idiocy, the
wreck of a once intelligent and most respectable
citizen, with eyes wandering in vacancy, with-
out power of mind, without power of limb—al-
most without power of speech—with more than
the weakness every way of earliest infancy, he is
not able to recognize even the friends whom he
has known for twenty years—he sees nothing,
hears nothing, knows nothing; but he was one of
the old liberty guard, an original Free-Soiler. And
he is at last asked: Do not you want to vote against
slavery ^ Do not you want to vote an anti-slavei >j
ticket? A dim and shadowy recollection of the
past stirs his brain, a glimmer of light breaks in
upon the silentnnddeserted chambersof his mind,
lie answers t{ yes;" and a Republican ticket, with
the nameof the returned member upon it, is placed
in his palsied hand, and the arm moved towards
the judge of election, who receives and puts the
ballot in the box, exclaiming just afterwards: " I
ought not to have taken that vote." Such, sir,
was the spirit of the canvass of 1850. And what ,
was the slavery against which he was asked to i
vote? The enslavement of the Jlfiiean i aee, which j
wo of the North, who profess the Democratic'
faith, are continually charged with seeking to ex- !
tend. And yet, am I now to be told, and by those, ;
too, in defense of whose just constitutional rights,
the political highways of the North are this day
strewed every furlong with the victims of fanati-
cism, that those of tin; African race who voted ;
  at that same election are not su[}icicn(hi proved
to have voted for the candidate of the Republican
pai tijy whose professed mission is perpetual war-
fare against those " twin relics of barbarism, po- ;
ly£?amy and slavery."
Wore these mulattoes and persons of color, !
qualified electors ol'Ohio ? That, sir, depends upon
the constitution and laws of the State. I do not :
purpose now to discuss the question whether a j
State can confer the right ofsutfrageas to elections
to this House, upon any but citizens of the Uni- '
ted States. Fourteen years ago, a committee of
elections unanimously decided, and wore by a :
unanimous vote of this 1 louse sustained in it, that i
the naturalization laws of Virgnnaeould not ,or did :
not, confer that right. But it is enough to know ,
that Ohio has chosen to make citizenship of the, '
United Slates a qualification for her electors. The 1
language of the constitution of 1851, is: " Every !
while male citizen of the United States." Two
qualifications aie here prescribed—color and citi- !
zenshipof the United Statea. Were these mulat- i
toes and petsons of color k{ whit:," within the ,
meaning of the constitution? That, sir, is a term
which has an established signification in eonsti- i
tutional language. It needs no gloss; it has no
synonym;it admits of no definition. It means |
while—pure white; and not any shade or any vari- |
ety of shades between white and black. Such it
is in philology and m the arts. White and black j
are the two between which there is a large variety 1
of colors. No artist ever confounds these terms; '
no man in ordinary conversation confounds them. 1
tie may speak of a dark blue,or alightbrown, or j
of a bright yellow; but never of a daik white, or a
light black. '
But, the term "white," in constitutions, is a-
designation of race rather than color; and it is
used in this country to distinguishprimarily be-
tween the African race and all others—between a
servile race and races which are free. Strictly, in-
deed, it may refer to the several varieties of the Cau-
casian race. But in constitutions, and in popular
language in the United States, it is a word of exclu-
sion against the whole negro race in every degree.
Whoever has a distinct and visible admixture of
the blood of that race, is not white; and it is an
utter confusion of language to call him white. Sir,
it is a question of vision, of autopsy, it is to be
resolved upon actual view and by personal in-
spection rather than by pedigree. And the Al-
mighty has marked the distinguishing character-
istics of the race so strong, he has furrowed them
so deep, that they are not eradicated in several
generations. The constitution of North Carolina
has fixed the degree at the sixteenth; and this
corresponds, in fact, with the rule adopted gener-
ally by courts, North and South, that a distinct
and visible admixture of negro blood, without ref-
erence to the exact proportions, degrades to the
class of persons of color. I am aware, sir, that
in Ohio a different rule was once declared: a mere
predominance of white blood was held to make a
man white. Sir, it would be easy to prove, as in-
deed in the unanswerable argument by the counsel
for the contestant, it was proved before the commit-
tee,thatthisdecision was never regarded as bind-
ing authority, even in Ohio: that it was absurd in
terms and contrary to the whole course of legisla-
tion and adjudication in the United States and the
several States; and above all, that no court of Ohio,
or any other State, can bind this Rouse by an in-
terpretation of the term " white," a word of an-
cient and continual use in the constitutions, laws,
and judicial decisions of nearly every State, and
in the legislative and executive acts of the Fed-
eral Government, for a long scries of years, down,
even down to the last month. But it is enough,
and more than enough for my purpose, that since
that decision a new constitution has been adopted in
Ohio, prescribing citizenship of the United States,
as a new and additional qualification for her elect-
ors, and that the Supreme Court of the United
States has decided that men of the African nice
are not citizens of the United States.
Sir, as a State-rights man, I do not affirm that
that decision is absolutely conclusive upon this
Mouse, or upon Executives, outside of the ordi-
nary judicial proceedings, or upon the,country. I
was taught to deny that the Supreme Court is the
final and absolute interpreter of the Constitution.
Nevertheless, that tribunal, and the judges who
compose it, are entitled to the highest respect; and
their decisions upon any subject are very persua-
sive evidence of what the Constitution means, and
what the law of tin1 land is in any court, and be-
fore every department of the Government. And
in this particular case, so far, at least,as the ques-
tion now before the House is involved, they have
but affirmed the almost universal understanding
of every one—lawyer, judge, statesman, and lay-
man—from the beginning of the Government. In
the constitutions and legislation of the States, and
the judicial decisions and executive acts of the
States; in the legislative and executive acts of the
Federal Government, the African has, from the
first, been treated and dealt with, evoVy way, as
an inferior, degraded, and outcast race. No man
dreamed that he had any part or lot in the Gov-
ernment; and that, too, even where there were no
wards of direct exclusion.
Fifty years after this Government was organ-
ized , the supreme court of Pennsylvania resolved
that persons of color were not qualified electors
of that Commonwealth, although her constitution
did not, in express terms, confine the right of
suffrage to those who were white. And about
the same time Connecticut, through her highest
tribunal, anticipated the Dred Scott decision by a
quarter of a century.
But 1 will not reargue the case. It stands to-
day the law of the land; and, so far at least as the
question now before the House is concerned, it
enunciates the sentiment of avast majority of the
' people of this country.
But it has been said that the judgment of the
Supreme Court denying citizenship to Africans
and their decendants is not applicable here, be-
cause those of that race who voted at the election
were nearer white than black, and therefore not
within the Dred Scott decision.
To this I might well answer that there is no
proof, except as to one, of the shade of color or
propoition of blood; that they are all described
by every witness as " mulattoes and persons of
color"—men " of mixed negro blood," with a
" distinct and visible admixture of negro blood,"
and so admitted to be by the judges of election;
and that, if there be any such distinction or ex-
ception, the testimony must show affirmatively
that they are within it. But I take broader ground.
I deny that any such absurd distinction is recog-
nized, or even intimated, in the letter or the spirit
of the decision. In the judgment of the court,
and in the several opinions of the judges, McLean
and Curtis included, the whole race is spoken of
intcrchangably throughout, and described as " ne-
groes," " mulattoes," " persons of color," " Af-
ricans and their descendants"—men " of African
descent," without once,anywhere, in any single
line or syllable, so much as an allusion to any
such distinction. The entire race is continually
put m contrast with the white race named m the
Articles of Confederation, m the naturalization
laws, in the constitution and laws of nearly all
the States of the Union. The court followed but
the legislation, the jurisprudence, and the common
understanding of the whole country. Sir, when
Massachusetts—I mean antediluvian Massachu-
setts—Massachusetts in the egg—in 1705 enacted
a law " for the better preventing of a spurious and
mixed issue," providing, among other things, that
if any " negro or mulatto should presume to smite
or strike any person of the English or other Chris-
tian nations," such presuming African should be
" severely whipped" at the discretion of the jus-
tice before whom convicted, did it ever occur to
any of the Dogberrys of that age that the spurious
and mixed quadroon and mustee, Ethiopian visibly
all over, was yet not included in the act because
nearer white than black? No, sir; that lefinement
in constitutional jurisprudence was reserved to
their descendants a hundred years later in north-
ern Ohio.
Again, the several naturalization laws of the
United States provide only for the admission of
white aliens to citizenship. I ask now, may your
courts under those laws naturalize the quadroons
mustees, the bright mulattoes of Hayti? Sir,
some of you " Americans" think it quite enough
to naturalize the Irish and German emigrants who
land upon our shores; and are you prepared now
to extend the rights of American citizenship, by
a liberal interpretation of the word " white," to
the "spurious and mixed" subjects of Faustin
Solouquc, and send them to fill up your Territo-
ries under new and improved emigrant aid socie-
ties in New England ?
A^ain, the several acts of Congress abolishing
the slave trade forbid the traffic in " negroes, mu-
lattoes, and persons of color." Are the Repre-
sentatives of New England willing that the mixed
and spurious colored population, slave or free, of
Brazil, shall be made the subject of the " traffic
in human llesh," under the pretext that they are
nearer white than black? "Would a northern
judge, or a southern judge, or any judge, discharge
a prisoner indicted under these acts upon this
miserable subterfuge? Again, is this same spu-
rious and mongrel population to gain admission
under this pretense, from any quarter, into these
States of the Northwest, whose constitutions for-
bid residence to persons of color within their lim-
its? Or do your Masonic lodges, in refusing
membership to men of the African race in that
ancient and accepted brotherhood, recognize a
distinction or exception in favor of those of that
race who are "more than half white?" Then
why, I ask, shall it be set up or tolerated only at
the ballot-box, that peculiar institution of the
free white mem of this country J Sir, even Ohio
has begun to retrace her policy; she has changed
her constitution, and two years ago passed a law
defining the term " persons of color" to mean
those who, " in whole or in part " are of the Af-
rican blood.
Finally, sir, if these sixteen mulattoes and per-
sons of color are white male citizens of the United
States,because they are nearer white than black,
then they are eligible to membership of this House,
( and to sit upon this floor as your peers. Sir, the
!; time may yet come when they shall meet you
! here at the threshold clad in " the shadowed liv-
i ery of the burnished sun," but without so much
i as the modesty of " mishke me not for my com-
