•2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
ive friends, and, no doubt, deserved them. So,
also, had the sitting member. Theelection closed.
The vote was announced, and Mr. Campbell was
declared elected by a majority of nineteen. Short-
ly after the election was determined, Mr. Camp-
bell, as a member of Congress, was required to
leave home to attend to his duties here in this
I-Jouse. He came, and discharged the onerous
and responsible duties of chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I believe even to the
satisfaction of the party opposed to him, leaving
his competitors the contestant, unopposed for at
least four months to go through the three coun-
ties composing the third congressional district for
the purpose of producing along chain of evidence
that could affect the election. So the case stood
until the assembling of the present Congress.
When Congress assembled, an application was
presented by the sitting member, on account of
reasons which were satisfactory, at least, to a
minority of the committee, for additional time to
take evidence in his case. That application was
presented to the House. By a decided vote, it
was refused. By that vote the Committee of
Elections were instructed that they should de-
termine the case as between the parties to the con-
test upon the evidence taken within sixty days,
under the law of 1851. I thought at the time that
ihat decision was wrong and oppressive. I think
so still; but. I do not intend to discusa that ques-
tion now. It is sufficient for us to know that the j
House, by its vote, said to the Committee of Elec- J
tions, you must determine the facts as between j
these parties upon the evidence taken within sixty |
days,underthe law of 1851." Shortly aftei wards, |
at one of the fust meetings of the committee, a j
resolution was introduced, carrying out the decis-
ion of the House in regard to te&timony and ad-
ditional time. The committee considered thot they
were restricted as to the evidence. The [louse:
had refused to allow the sitting member to return
to Ohio, and take additional testimony. The com-
mittee, therefore, were to determine the case upon
that already taken. At this meeting to which 1
have referred, the following resolution wax unan-
imously adopted. If i am wiong, 1 can be cor-
rected:
" Whoieas the House has declined to give the parties
Jeave to take futthor testimony—
" Resolved, That the committee proofed to make up the
refillt of the eleeti mi ou the tesiitnonv filed, i cgularlj taken
within the M\ty days, except wheie Use paiue.> agreed thai
testimony otherwise taken may b« lead "
Here then, all agree, the Committee of Elec-
tions agree, all political parties asrree, that the
case should be decided upon the evidence taken
within sixty days, under the law of 1851, and
that all other evidence should be excluded from
consideration. This course was followed by the
committee in the adoption of the resolution just
read. The contestant had his evidence befoiethe
committee. The sitting member had his evidence
only partially before the committee, and we were
to make out our decisions upon that evidence as
presented, and none other.
But, sir, when the committee came to make up
that decision, there was not a single particle of
evidence; and there is not now, in all the evidence,
one witness who testifies as to any majority of
the sitting member. There is no evidence on the
part of the contestant showing what the vote was
on either side. There is no evidence as to the
majority of th" silting member. It is said that
Campbell's majority was nineteen. Where is the
evidence of the fact? There was none before the
committee; there is none before tins House; and
I have just as much ri^ht to assume that the ma-
jority was nineteen hundred as the contestant or
his friends have to assume that it was nineteen.
Here is the evidence of perhaps one hundred wit-
nesses, and not one has testified as to the vote given
either for Mr. Campbell or Mr. Vallandigham in
the third congressional district of Ohio. Not one
witness testifies as to what the majority of the sit-
ting member was, or whether he had a majority
of thousands.
Early ii? the month of December last, an ab-
stract was brought into this House, and referred
to the Committee of Elections, which purports to
be an abstract of the votes returned in the third
congressional district to the Secretary of State of
Ohio. It has been offered in evidence m this case.
But is it evidence, either under the law of 1851,
or the resolution of the committee? When was
it filed? Was it filed within the sixty davs5 N
it a part of the testimony of Mr. Vallandigham?
Is it a part of the testimony of Mr. Campbell?
By no means — of neither; for how can this be
considered as evidence proper in the case, when
it was received and filed, as is the fact, more than
one hundred days after the time required by the
vote of this House and the resolution of the Com-
mittee of Elections, under the law of 1851, and
more than nine months after the election took
place ? I ask you, again, how that assumed abstract
came here? Who brought it ? By what right is
it here to-day? By what authority was it filed
with the Clerk of the House? What legal officer
sent it hore? None whatever. No legal officer
ever presented any abstract to this House of that
character, or filed anysuch with the Clerk. Who,
then, ordered it to be sent to the Committee of
Elections? Who has made that a paper which
shall govern and determine this case ? There is no
legal mode by which such testimony, in such form,
could have been brought before the Committee of
Elections. I say the legal mode has not been
adopted in this case.
Now, sir, twenty days after the assembling of
Congress, and nine months after theelection had
been held, this manufacture for evidence was pre-
sented, upon which we are called to determine
which party is entitled to sit in this House as the
Representative from the third congressional dis-
trict of the State of Ohio, notwithstanding the
imperative rule, which was deliberately adopted,
that all testimony produced after sixty days
should be rejected. Now, if you aic prepared
to make this rule, as a procrustean bed to be ex-
tended or contracted, let u so be understood, and
then it will be known that laws and resolutions
here made may be enforced or di^regaided, as
shall best subserve paity ends and party purposes.
But it is said that this is not the charac.ter of
testimony which was intended to be excluded by
the rule and the law of 1851; and that, therefore,
the contestant had a right to produce it. Why
is it riot3 It is an official act. It is an official paper.
It is evidence, and must be produced precisely
as any other evidence m this case. Am 1 right
or wrong ? There was a proper way by which to
have got. this assumed abstract before the Com-
mittee of Elections. Let us see how. Section
eight, of the law of 3837, prescitbes as follows:
St.c. 8. Jind he j/j'tiiiher cucted, Thatthc said magis-
tiate shall have power to retjuuo the pioducuon of papula;
and on the refusal or neglect oi any person to produce and
dehvei up any piiper oi papcis in his po-M's.siou, perl lining
to ■-aid election, oi to produce and deliver up «'ru tifi"d or
sworn copies ot the same, m case they ni.iv he official pa-
pers, he shall he liable to all the penalties pK^eiibou in the
mill hoc turn of this act; and all pap >i -> thus pioduccd, and
all eei titled or sworn copies of oihei d p.ipeis, i-hall he trans-
mitted by i-ui'l maaMiate, with the UMimoin of witnesses,
to the Cleik o! the House ot Uepre-a mam"*.-'
Here is the manner in which oiitcinl papers can
be produced. Their production can be compelled.
The Secretary of State of Ohio could be com-
pelled to produce them. What then? They must
be transmitted—by whom? By the contestant?
By any individual of the third congressional dis-
trict of Ohio ? No! but by the magistrate or other
sworn officer, with the testimony of the witnesses
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives.
And when is that testimony to be forwarded ?
Immediately. Not nine months after the election.
But this assumed abstract did not come here with
the testimony of witnesses. 11 did not come here
by the aet of a magistrate. It came here asa va-
grant. It comes heie by itself. It is a waif, with-
out owner or in<lorser: n\u] still we are called upon
to regard it as legitimate after nine months have
elapsed, and to decide this cape upon it, unauthor-
ized and legally worthless as it is.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I deny wholly that this
assumed abstract, even if it were authorized and
came here legitimately, would be the best,evidence
of svhat was the vote cast m the thud congres-
sional district of Ohio. The beat evidence would
be the poll books. That would be the best evi-
dence, and this other would be and could be re-
garded only as secondary evidence, viewed in the
very best light. There'foie, I say at this point,
here is a difficulty insurmountable by the contest-
ant. So much, then, for that point.
[ wish now to call the attention of the House to
another point, and that is as to the notice and the
grounds of the contest in this case. I wish to call
the attention of the members of the opposite side
of the House to the fact that, with the exception
of two specifications, the whole notice of contest
on the part of the contestant is vague, indefinite,
and uncertain, and does not even require an an-
swer on the part of the sitting member. In regard
to that, I am not confined to my own statement.
I will bring testimony which should be recognized
at least on the other side of the House, i refer
to the case of Archer and Allen, in the last Con-
The contestant said in reference to that case
that the minority did not seem to look at the au-
thorities. That, atleast, was not complimentary
to the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harris,] and the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stephens,] and those who were of that
minority. Let us look at the notice. Here are
nineteen specifications. I say that each and ev-
ery one of them, except two, is vague, indefinite,
and uncertain. 1 will read one or two of them:
'•'•3. That, in counting out, sundry ballots were counted
by the judges of election for you which should have been
rejected.
" 3. Tbataundiy persons were permitted to vote for you
in townsltips and wards of which they were not legal resi-
dents."
What persons ? <{ Sundry" persons. Where
do they live ? Have they " a local habitation and
a name?" Are they John Doe and Richard Roe?
Who are these parties—these sundry persons ?
From what townships in the third congressional
distiict of Ohio do they hail? Was it in Mont-
gomery, Butler, or Preble, that they voted ? You
will see that the law of 1851 provides or follows:
u Bo it enacted by the Se7iatc uiul House of Represent-
af've^ofthc United Stutes of America in Congress rtssem-
blcd} That from and alter the passage of this act. whenever
anv person shall intend to contest an (lection of any mem-
ber of the House of tf epresentauves of the United State",
he shall, within thiity days alter the lesu'tof such eleetiou
shall have been determined by the officer oi boutd of can-
vasseis authorized by law to determine the yame, give no-
tice, m writing, to the mombei whose seat he designs to
| contest, of his intention to conter-t the same, and, in such
\ notice, skull \jietify, purticidat Ixj, the grounds upon which he
rcho-i in the
| Now, sir, permit me, for one moment, to read
! the statement made by the minority of the com-
mittee, in the case of Archer and Allen referred
to, which is directly in point. Mr. Harris, of
Illinois, says:
i '• Ir is true that a notice that the sitting member's seat
! would be contested was seived upon huu within the time
required bylaw; but it is equally true that the noueu dij
I not contain any of the specifications which the law tequires.
: It is al.so tiue that the contestant, when lie gave that notice,
; did nut know how he was to content it, or upon what par-
I tioular gi^uuds *, or, if he did, he was guilty of di?i genou?-
, ne>.s in not ppecifving them, as the law, as eveiy sense of
j laimcas, leqmred iwm to do. But, from the testimony, we
; arc leit without a doubt that when he gave the notice ho did
; not know how, or upon what points, he was to make the
I contest, fn his notice, theiefoie, he dealt only u> genetal-
! Hun. He constructed a dtag-nct notice, by which he could
| include everything wlueh chance or circumstances imsrht
I icveal."
; Here is another drag-net, identical with that in
] the case of Archer and Allen. I have hore, also,
I what was said by the honorable gentleman from
| Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and I would like to
1 know from him, now and here, whether he will
stand by ins own report, made in that case of
; Archer and Allen, or not?
i Mr. TRIPPE. The point the gentleman makes
is, that the notice made no specification of fraudu-
lent votes. I will ask him whether the ten days'
notice of witnesses gave any such specification of
fraudulent votes ?
Mr. WILSON. It did not. Here are nineteen
; specifications, and, except two, all are of the same
character. Mark another of them. It is as follows:
'• That btmdiy persons, not legal resident? or electors of
Montgomery county, were permitted to vote for \ou in said
county, while sundry othcia, legal residents and electors
thereof, who offered to vote for me, weie illegally iejected."
What are the names of those persons, and where
did they live ? In which one of these three coun-
ties did these alleged illeg.il electors live? Did
they live within the State, even ? How could the
sitting member know who were to be brought
forward and examined? Had he not a right to
know the names of the persons whose votes were
to be contested ? Most certainly he had. Yet no-
where, except in the sixteenth and eleventh speci-
fications, are there any names mentioned at all.
In Ohio, as in Indiana, 1 presume, there are
about eleven townships in each county. The
voter is required to vote in his county and in the
township in which he resides, In what town-
ship in Montgomery county did those peisons
reside ? This indefiniteness runs all through these
seventeen of the nineteen specifications. I hold
