1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mm
do not want it put backwards more than it lias
been. The delay that has already occurred cer-
tainly has not been by any act of mine. I had the
bill reported as soon as possible, and made the
special order for an early day, and from the first
I have opposed its being set aside forany bill ex-
cept the Army bill. As I have said, I am in favor
of the admission of Minnesota. I should like to
have her Senators here* But I will lak« the re-
sponsibility of voting not to set aside this bill for
any other that will lead to discussion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me that
this is the very first business which we ought to
do. We ought to see that our body is perfectly
""constituted, so far as we can do so, before we pro-
ceed to any action. Now it seems that the trial
is to be pressed on, and the judge kept out of
doors. These gentlemen are attending here for
their seats. They mu«t have felt it something
like a wrong, and considered it as a grievance, that
they should have gone through all the usual and
preparatory forms for admission, and should be
kept out merely because the Senate refuses to con-
sider their case. I do hope that we shall proceed
at once, and give them a hearing, as a matter of
primary consequence. 1 think the Senator from
California will not delay his measure by allowing
this bill to proceed. I think there is no disposi-
tion to debate it. I have none, and we should act
upon it immediately. I hope so.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am sorry to diifer with my
friend from California on what I know is a very
favorite measure of his; but he must allow me to
say that I think he is prejudicing the case by in-
sisting that we shall now take up the Pacific rail-
road bill. I supposed there would be no objec-
tion to taking up the bill admitting Minnesota as
a State, after we had disposed of the Kansas bill.
Until yesterday morning they were together, and
my impression was, that so far as the Senate was
concerned, they were to come in together; but,
for reasons that I thought entirely proper, it was
decided to separate them. Now, I hope those
✓who voted to admit Kansas will vote with the
like freedom to admit Minnesota. With the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I see no objection to consid-
ering this subject, and considering it at once. I
want, so far as I am concerned, to silence what
I regard as a factious feeling in this country, by
dealing justly and alike towards extremes; and,
now that we have admitted Kansas, I think there
is a great propriety in admitting Minnesota, un-
less some good, valid, and sufficient reason can
be assigned against doing so. At least, I think
the admission of Minnesota a matter of more mo-
ment than the Pacific railroad bill or any other
bill that is now pending before the Senate; and I
shall not, by my vote, consent to interpose any
measure to the prejudice of the admission of
Minnesota. I hope that bill will be taken up. I
think it is due to Minnesota; I think it is due to
those of us who were, under embarrassing cir-
cumstances, friendly to the admission of Kansas,
that the Minnesota bill should be taken up and
acted on. I hope the Senator from California will
not press his motion.
Mr. G-W1N. The Senator from Indiana has
a very peculiar position in connection with this
question, for he happens to be a very important
member of the committee who reported the Pa-
cific railroad bill to the Senate; and I believe it
was by his casting vote that it came to the Senate.
I will not assume the responsibility, when that
(Senator informs me that I am damaging this bill
by pressing it, and therefore I withdraw all ob-
jection to taking up the Minnesota bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Allow me to say that I was
not present when it was decided to report the bill
referred to by the Senator from California. I am
friendly to a bill; whether the bill that has now
been reported, I reserve for future consideration;
but I am friendly to the general proposition to
make a railroad to the Pacific. I consider that,
however, under the peculiar circumstances of the
case, secondary to admitting Minnesota.
Mr. GWIN. I must correct the Senator. It
was his casting vote that brought the bill to the
Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. I am not mistaken. I repollect
very distinctly that the bill was ordered to be re-
ported by a vote of five to four in the committee,
and it was the Senator himself that gave the cast-
ing vote in favor of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite sure the Senator
believes his statement to be correct.
Mr. GWIN. There is a member of the com-
mittee sitting by me [Mr, Iverson] who knows
all about it.
Mr. lYERSON. My recollection is 
Mr. KING. I rise to a question of order. I
think it is not in order in the Senate to allude to
what takes place in committee, or to the action of
members of committees. The deliberations of
committees arc not to be alluded to in this body.
I raise this point, not because I have any objection
in this case.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is not in order to refer to
what takes place m caucus, I will inform the Sen-
ator; but it is in order to refer to what takes place
in a committee.
Mr. KING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York is addressing the Chair. While the
Senator from New York is doing so, the voices
of Senators on the right of the Chair are quite as
audible as that of the Senator from New York.
It is very reluctantly that the Chair has to remind
the Senate so often of the disturbance of proceed-
ings here; but he feels required to do so as the
organ of the body, and it is but respectful to the
Senator on the floor. Half a dozen Senators on
the right of the Chair were all talking atonce, and
in audible tones. The Senator from New York
will please restate hi?* point of order.
Mr. KING. 1 make the point that it is not in
order in the Senate to allude to doings in com-
mittee and to the action of mdmdual members of
a committee. I make the point simply that I
may understand what are the rules of the Senate
upon this subject. I know the point I make is
good under the general parliamentary law. I do
not raise the point because I have any objection
to knowing the opinions of individuals in refer-
ence to this measure, or have an3/ feeling on this
particular question; but I have noticed some allu-
sions of this sort before in the Senate, and I de-
sire that we may have some understanding as to
the rule on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Since the present
occupant has been in the Chair, he has heard so
many allusions in the Senate to what has taken
place in committee, that he supposed it to be a
usage of the Senate that such references might be
made.
Mr. KING. If it is so, very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 1 did not think
proper to check it.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is in order to refer to what
a committee has done, when the person referred
to does not object. I am lh^ only person who
can take exception, as I am the one referred to
in this case.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state my recollection
of what occurred on this particular question in
committee. The committee, I think, was com-
posed of nine members. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia presented his bill, which is now before the
Senate. The committee weie equally divided—
four for the bill, and four against the bill. I think
the Senator from Indiana was in favor of the hill,
and the chairman gave the casting vote in favor
of it. That is rny recollection of it. There were
four of us against the bill and four in favor of it,
including the Senator from Illinois and the Sen-
ator from Indiana; and the chairman, the Senator
from California, then decided the question by
voting in favor of the biii. It was brought m in
that way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not like to say any-
thing 011 this point; but I confess my recollection
is clearly with the Senator from Indiana. I think
he was not there, and I gave the casting vote
myself. That is my recollection; but, with the
counter-recollection of other Senators, I will only
say, in deference to theirs, that this is my im-
pression.
Mr. HUNTER. This shows the propriety of
the point of order raised by the Senator from New
York. He is undoubtedly right. Gentlemen have
no right to refer in the Senate to what has taken
place in committee. The committee have no jour-
nal, and their proceedings are not published.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is very
clear on another point of order: that all these re-
marks are entirely apart from the question before
the Senate—which is the motion to postpone.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is a matter of very little con-
sequence; indeed, of-no consequences far as re-
gards the point under consideration". The Senator
from California maybe correct. - My recollection
is, that I was not present at thetime.the commit-
tee met to give the final vote on tepoptift^the.bill;
but let that pass. The question-ist^&heth&r'tye
shall now take up the 'Minnesota, frill £.vf< ho^e
the Senator from California will, and I und&tet&Bd
he does, withdraw his objection.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The immediate ques-
tion before the Senate is on the motion :to_ post-
pone the Pacific railroad bill with a-view to take
up the Minnesota bill. On that the yeas and Days
have been ordered. By unanimous consent the
call may be withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. I object to the call of the yeas
| and nays being withdrawn.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to make
I a single statement in explanation,of the vote I
j shall give on this occasion. I understand that the
] Minnesota bill was reported to this body before
I the bill admitting Kansas into the Union, and an
effort was made to take it up. The President
then sent the Kansas constitution, with an accom-
panying message, and that was referred to the
Committee on Territories. The committee re-
ported in a short time the bill for the admission of
i Kansas, which was taken up by the Senate, and
j it was agreed that Minnesota and Kansas should
j come into the Union together. That wag the un-
| demanding up to the last moment of action upon
j the Kansas bill. They were then separated, no
; doubt for good and substantial reasons. Minne-
: sota was left on the table, and Kansas was brought
into the Union, so far as the action of this body
j was concerned. Both are States applying for ad-
| mission into the Union, and it was intended to
j bring them in together. I acted with that under-
standing. 1 One has been brought in, so far as the
action of the Senate is concerned, and the other
has been left out. I intend to act in good faith;
and I mean to vote for the admission of Minne-
sota. At the same time, I say to the Senator from
California that I will give him ail proper facilities
for getting his railroad bill before the Senate at a
proper time. I haye said this much merely to
explain the reason why I shall vote now for taking
up the Minnesota bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 30, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bright, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Doolittle,
Douglas, Duikce, Evans, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Hale, IJainhn, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Aikansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Pugh, Sewaid, Sim-
moim, Stuart, and Wade—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bigler, Broderick, Brown, Clay,
Fit'/.patnck, Gieoiij Gwm. Fluntef, Iverson, Mason, Polk,
Sebastian, Shdell, Wright, and Yulee—16.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
86) for the admission of the State of Minnesota
into the Union was read a second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole. It is as
follows:
Whereas, an act of Congress was passed February 20,
J8.V/. entitled '• An act to authorize the people of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota to form a constitution and State govern-
ment prepaiatory to their admission into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States;" and whereas, tlte
people of said Tciritory did, on the 29th day of August, 1857,
by delegates elected for that purpose, form for themselves a
constitution and State government, which is republican in
form, and was ratified and adopted by the people, at an
election held on the 13th day of October, 1857}for that pur-
pose, in pursuance of said act of Congress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the State of Minnesota shaji he one, and is hereby declared
to be one, of the United Stales of America, and admitted
| into the Union on an equal footing with the original States
I in all respects whatever.
! Sco. 2. And. be it further enacted, That said State shall
j beentitledto one Representative, and such additional Ilep-
| resentatives, in Congress, as the population of said State,
' according to the census authorized by the act approved Feb-
j ruary 26, J85S, shall show it to be entitled to according to
j the present ratio of representation, and no more.
[ Mr. PUGH. I wish to offer to the bill an
j amendment similar to the one I proposed to the
Kansas bill yesterday:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That from and after the admis-
sion of the State of Minnesota, as hereinbefore provided,
all the laws of the United States which are not locally in-
applicable, shall have the same power and effect within that
State as in other States of the Union; and the said State
is hereby constituted a judicial district of the United States,
within which a district court, with like powers aud juris-
diction as the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Iowa, shall be established. The judge, attorney,
and marshal of the United States for the said district or
