262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong....]st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
Territory and to tTie Congress in the creation of a
new State?
With the dogma of sovereignty I do not deal
here. I leave that to the schools or to the gentle-
men who meddle with metaphysical disquisitions.
What sovereignty is, I shall not attempt to define.
The word is not used in our laws; it is not found
among the wise words of our Constitution. It is
the will-of-the-wisp, which they who follow will
find a treacherous guide through fens and bigs.
Wo are not engaged with defining that " popular
sovereignty" with which gentlemen on the other
side have been so much plagued for the last year or
two. Popular sovereignty is only a demagogue's
name for the foundation principle of all our insti-
tutions. It is only a demagogue's name for the
right of the people to govern themselves—not
that popular sovereignty which is limited by and
springs from an act of Conrgess; not that mush-
room growth, bred in the hot-bed of political cor-
ruption as a dainty delicacy for the people's palate,
under the sedulous care of my honorable friends
opposite, which, now that it is grown, is found
to be nothing but toad-slools, whereof the body-
politic is now sick; but that right of the people to
govern themselves, recognized by the fundamental
law as the very corner-stone of the Republic which,
in this case, the President violates and denies.
I here this day would deal in legal language; and
in legal language theic is such a thing as the peo-
ple of the United States, of which the people ofa
Territory form the subjects. And there is known
in the law of the United States such a thing as
the right of a people of a State to form their own
government. And it is assumed that every State
which can form,atany time, a part of these United
States, shall have emanated spontaneously from
the people whose affairs it regulates, and shall
have been received voluniarily into the United
States by the authority of Congress.
Now, sir, what is the relation of Congress to the
Territories? Have the Territories—I do not say
any natural right, for 1 am not here upon philo-
sophical dissertation—have tliey any legal right
to initiate proceedings to form a constitution ?' I
do not ask whether they may not come here and
ask, by petition, Congress to receive them, for
that does not meet the difficulties of the case; but
I ask whether the people of any Territory, by
their simple volition, can meetm convention and
the admission of California, because there had
been no preceding law, cannot maintain that prop-
osition. Certainly gentlemen who voted against
the Topeka constitution cannot maintain that
proposition. Certainly the gentlemen who signed
what purported to be a report of the committee of
investigation of this House, cannot maintain that
proposition. Certainly the President, who devo- ;
ted a gieat part of his message to dcmonstiale !
that itjs only through legal channels, by legal j
forms, and under legal authorities, that u constitu-
tion could be formed, cannot maintain that piop- :
osition. I
Neither can we, in point of sound sense and j
reason, maintain it, because that assumes there is 1
a power in the people of some portions of the ;
Territory not derived from the Constitution of the !
United States—since the Constitution says noth- I
ing upon the subject, except that Congress may
admit new States. And if they have any inherent
power, by the same reason they have all power;
mother words, we are upon revolutionary ground, ,
and not legal ground. It is to confound aright;
by law under the Constitution with the natural {
right mentioned in the Declaration of Independ- j
encc, of people to alter and change their govern- i
ment to suit themselves. But we are not dealing !
with revolutionary, but with legal rights. We
live and were born under the Constitution, and to !
us that is the ultimate criteiiou of legal i ights; it 1
is our embodiment of natural right in a iivyig,
practical form of government; beyond it we rec- ^
ognize no natural right as a source of legal light; j
and he who cannot deduce his claim of right tin-
der it, has none. I submit, therefore, that"by the
Jaw of the United States, the people of a Terri-
tory have no original light or authority to form
a State government. No public man of position
and character, of any party, has ever venluied to
maintain sucli a proposition distinctly. The dis-
tinguished head of the State Department has fallen
into expressions which seem to imply it; he has
hastened to repel the inference; but, in his haste,
has involved himself and his opinions in inexpli-
cable perplexity and mystification, whence noth-
ing can rescue him.
Then, if there be no inherent legal right in the
people of aTerritory to form aState government,
how is it to be accomplished? They must form
it; Congress cannot do it for them; yet Congress
is the only legal authority, the only source of
law for the Territories. Where, then, does it
exist? I maintain that, so far as legal authority
is asserted of, or essential to, any proceeding for
a convention, it must flow from Congress; because
here only is any government over the Territories,
in the eye of the law of the United States. The
Supreme Court, which even States-rights gentle-
men now-a-days regard as the ultimate arbiter
upon all questions, has settled some other things
besides the relation of slavery to the Territories;
and among them it has settled that Congress alone
governs thcTerritories—'Whetherunderthe clause
which authorizes them to make all needful rules
and regulations for the territory of the United
States, or under some unwritten clause implied
by the strict constructionists, it is needless here to
inquire. It can (low from nowhere else, because
a State, in the view of the Constitution of the
United States, means a body of people within a
particular territory, and that territory belongs to
the people of the United States; and the people
who live upon a particular portion of that terri-
tory have no right to assume; to themselves, with-
out our assent, any portion of it. AState involves
the jdea of a certain population inhabiting and
possessing a certain territory; and if the people
cannot get the territory without the assent of
Congress, they cannot make themselves a State
without the assent of Congress, nor take any
steps towards it essential to its existence, which
can exclude the control of Congress. Congress,
it is true, cannot make u constitution for a Terri-
tory. It can only throw around the people of a
Territory a legal protection, authorize them to
proceed, and give them the guarantees of law in
their proceedings; but beyond that I apprehend
Congress can do nothing, and excepting Congress
nobody can do that. What I wish heic to main-
tain is, that that is the fundamental principle of
all tho legislation of Congress upon that subject.
All the history of tho Republic is in its favor; it
has all authority in its favor; and there is no pre- ;
cedent which raises even a doubt against it. i
Now, sir, I ask the attention of the committee j
very briefly to the law—for I rose to-day to deal
with the legal position of gentlemen on the other
side. They have not been willing to enter the
eoiitroveisy with theiropponents on the question
of lraud in the formation of the constitution, or
whether it be the lair and bonaJUie expression of
tho will ot the people. They have insisted that
these things were concealed from them byasereen
ol legal technicalities; and it is to tear down that
screen that I now address myself.
Ill the absence, therefore, of any special act of
Congress authorizing a convention, the only ques-
tion is the construction of the Kansas-Nebraska
aet of Ida-!. Does that act confer on the Territo-
rial Legislatuie power to cull a convention to form
a constitution ?
There have been many States admitted into the
Union, and under divers circumstances, bur much '
the greater number of them have been admitted !
under the express and precedent authority of laws :
of Congress. And, sir, you will perceive at once
—if the authority can only come from Congress
to take the imtativc steps—that it is immaterial
whether that authority be contained m the organic
act or in a special act. In either case it is our
authonty that they aie exercising. In every in-
stance they ere our agents. In every instance
they have only the authority that wo give them.
And, therefoje, it comes exactly to the same thing,
whether these was an enabling aet to authorize
the Territory to proceed to form a State constitu-
tion and government, or whether the authority
was given under its organic act. This can never
be a judicial question; but it is settled by every
form ot politico 1 authority. The States of Ver-
mont, Kentucky, Maine, and Texas, have been
admitted into tho Union; but not, as has been
erroneously stated, without precedent legislation.
If it were so, it would not affect the argument,
for they were never Territories of the United
States. But the assumption is historically erro-
neous. Vermont went through the Pievolution
without any defined relations to the other colo-
nies, claiming independence at the time of the
Revolution, under no colonial government; and,
as a State, by its own inherent power, it acceded
to and adopted the Constitution of the United
States, exactly as the other States did. It is no
case of the formation of a State out of aTerritory
of the United States. Texas was likewise an in-
dependent Republic, acknowledged by the United
States, and afterwaids received into the Union.
Kentucky proceeded under a law of the State of
Virginia, whose territory it then was, and on that
authority formed its constitution, and was ad-
mitted into tho Union. Maine proceeded under
the authority of a la w.of Massachusetts,whose ter-
ritory it was, and by that means formed its State
government, and was admitted into the Union.
But the'argument is irrelevant; for the question
is not whether Congressman, in its discretion, rec-
ognize constitutions formed by the people without
authority of law; but whether a Territorial Legis-
lature was, in point of law, authority to legalize
the election of a convention, to give the conven-
tion itself a lcs,al existence, to vest it with legol
power to hind not merely the people, but the Con-
gress? ^ No one denies the power of Congress to
admit Tennessee ami i'londa; yet nobody ever
asserted any legal validity in their proceedings be-
fore admission.
The language of the organic acts and the pro-
ceedings of Congress thereupon are decisive.
TheT 'eiiiloues divide themselves into two great
classes. In Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Missouri,
Mississippi, Alabama, Atkansas, Tennessee, and
Michigan, the Legislatures had " power to make
laws, in all cases, for the good government of the
people of the said Territory, not repugnant to, or
inconsistent with, the Constitution and laws of
the United States."
In Wisconsin, Minnesota,Oregon,Florida,and
Iowa, the power of the Legislatures was declared
to extend—in the identical words of the Kansas-
JW-bra.ska act—" to all rightful subjects of legis-
lation not inconsistent with the Constitution and
laws of the United States."
Congress has construed both forms of expres-
sion by passing enabling acts for both classes.
Not only for Ohio, Louisiana, Missouri, Missis-
sippi, Alabama, Illinois, and Indiana, but also for
Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Oregon, did Con-
gress pass acts specially authorizing them to call
a convention and form aState government; and,
in every instance, excepting Wisconsin, these
bills provided all the details of the convention,
the number of delegates, its time of assembling,
the modes under which the delegates should be
elected. It is plain Congress thought the power
'•to make laws in all cases" necessarily extended
it " to all lightful subjects of legislation." It is
plain Congress thought neither form of expres-
sion authorized the temporary territorial govern-
ment to create a convention to form a constitu-
tion which would begin to operate only after the
Teniloiial Legislature itself had ceased. Its
power to govern was confined to the Territory—
a temporary contrivance for a temporary pur-
pose—involved in all the local interests and con-
flicts of territorial politics—and not safely to be
intrusted with the providing for a constitution.
In a word, tliey were authorized to make laws to
govern the Territory; but a law for a constitution
was no law for governing a Ten itory at all.
The case is stronger under the Kansas act; for
it reserves to Congiess the power to make two or
moie States ot Tenitorics out of that Territory;
and if Congress have tho right to makeiico States,
it is absurd to suppose it gave the Legislature
power to make one State of~it.
But there are cases of Territories which have
spontaneously petitioned foradmission under con-
stitutions framed without an enabling act, and
they are fiuitful of authority.
The proceedings for the admission of Arkan-
sas, Michigan, and Iowa—where there were no
acts of Congress authorizing conventions—are de-
cisive.
