THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
dence showing that any other negro vote, or sap-
posed negro vote, was cast for the sitting mem-
ber.
But what of John M. Mitchell, referred to by
Anderson? Is he a negro? Not by the evidence.
If there be any proof at all, it is that he is a white
man, for by his own statement lie has no negro
blood in his veins; and if a portion of his state-
ment is taken in reference to his vote, we are
bound also to take the whole statement. It cannot
be divided. If the statement be taken that he said
he was going to vote for Campbell, you are also
bound to take the statement that there is not one
particle of African blood m his veins The whole
testimony proves he is not a negro, but a white
man.
So much as to the alleged nc^ro voters in the
city of Hamilton; and now I call your attention
to the evidence in regard to the alleged negro votes
in Oxford township, in Butler county. The con-
testant has stated that there were sixteen negro
votes cast for Mr. Campbell. I have shown you
that only one negro swears that he voted forhtm,
and that he gives his opinion only as to others.
But that proves no fact. Facts are what we want.
Facts are what we must determine this case upon.
We must determine it on evidence—on I^gal evi-
dence—not loose, disjointed evidence, but such
evidence as would determine any man's rights m
a court of law. JNow to the Oxford township.
William .T. Mollyneaux seems (O swear quite
positively at the outset, but when you come to
look at his whole testimony, it amounts to noth-
ing. Let me read it:
" March7, 1357, sevenoWoeli, a.m.
" Question 107. State whether you were present ;u the j
congressional election held in Uxioid town?dnp, Butler <
county, Ohio, on tin: 1 !sh day of Octohm last, and have ex- ;
airnncd the poll hooks of >atd election ? !
'•..Snoter. I wjh present at that election, and have, exam- f
med-Hie --aid book*-. j
(l Question It38 Snite whetm'i John 1") Robbm-', Alevan- !
del Pioetot,Thoin:i< TiMci, ISphi.um S Jone<, M\an Hull'- j
m'tn, Aufun Huffman, (row.ui, Ruben ( 'ou>gs j
W. Gn(IUI). William Lawrem-o, Wr. HulI'man, and AhU'd [
Huflman, voted at that election. j
-c Ansice) Tlune vveie three persons by the name of Huff- j
man, mulattos, who voted at that election, two of whom 1 |
saw vote. The otliei Huffman I know, from the poll bonk**, 1
voted at that election. John 1). Rohbut-? told me lie voted, j
Theo'her peisons named m the interiogaioiv I know, liv i
the poll hotik-«, voted <iNo. Upon trflueuon, Kobbitw did '
not lell me in woids that he voted, but gave me lo under- j
stand so. I am s,iti>.fied that he voted. I
u Question 1(39. State wiieihet the persons named in in-
terioyatoiy No. iGSaic nmlattoc.-. and pej-^ons of color. I
•' sinw-cr. The\ ate. 1
C{ Qiwstnn 170. Hv whom were the^-e persons bionnht up
to vote? What pariy iiiM.-U'd upon then \oling, and what
purfv oppovnd u r
k' ./ins 'v). Those of them that f *,uv vote (Mine up them-
selves. Tinw pcr-oiis known ^ l)eino"iaw Inrie.lyop
po.sed then vohut;. The Oppn-inoii, the Wi,{ tibiu\ui'-, ia
voied then vo!i:m* :
k< 111. Did the ftnvnd^ of Leww I). Campbell 1
oppose or i.tvor their vonnti> '
'•JJn^icr >d far a-> I know, thev favou>d it.
"Qur^i-m IT*>. Siate, if \ou <\ui. how many political
friend-* Mi Campbell had in thai boaid (j! jink'"-"
/Jm-rcr. I don't know. 31} impi o-.-ion n that two out
of the tliree were
Cio,s examination:
<• Question What facts do yon know that create the
imp e*>-jon that two oi the judges u ore for Campbell ?
>-,1n<.irci. Two of them wote Whig-?, and akva\-? had
been a«< lorn* a- I have known them, ;
" Qucs/?mi 171. Did all those who had been "Wing-? pup- 1
port Mi C;uni>boU?
kk Sinwrr. No; ! think not. !
" Question 17,"). Weie the vote*? of the mulattoe? you have ,
mentioned challenged ; and, it' so, by whom and on what
ground?
"Jlnwer. 1 <hd not ^ee any of them challenged.
" Que'tion How do )ou know, then, that Deirio-
cjat<= lutteily opposed their voting if they were not ehal- ,
longed? I
ei. I heard a man «ay that he did challenge their
vote-, and, notwithstanding, they were admitted.
" Question 117. Do you know anything as to the opno- 1
sutton made to then voting, except what has been fid >011
by oth"!-,?
<c Jiucircr. I have opposed it myself, ont-ide, in convet-
satiori. and heard others oppose u m conversation.
'• Que^tivn 178. Do you know an) thing as to th- chal-
lenging of the votes above mentioned, except what hns boon
told you ?
'"slnstucr. f do not.
u Question 175). You «ay in \our examination in chief.
c those of th--m that I -aw vntecamo up tlu-mc'ives ' X'uv.
if >ou saw them vote, can you not fell. Iroin personal knowl-
edge, whether they weie challenged ?
'• +dn<twef, Tlios'e that i ^a\\ came up by fhcm«efve«,
stuck their tickot? in. and tiieie was a delay about receiv-
ing them, but they were finally leeeived; 1 suppose they
were being chaUenged by persons tn-ido, hut did nor *ee it ,
personally. W. J. MOE.'LYNCAUX
vSuch is the evidence produced to prove that
twelve negro votes were cast for the sitting mem- [
ber in Oxford township. Such is the evidence on !
which we are called to decide the rights of one !
hundied thousand people. It is mere hearsay; j
it is no evidence. He does not state, of his own '
knowledge, any fact, or what means he had of
knowing. He simply retails the loose statements
of bitter partisans.
Mollyneaux, it is true, states that the Demo-
crats opposed their voting; but he does not state
that their votes were challenged, nor is there any
admissible evidence that they voted for Mr.
Campbell; and I have as much right to assume
that they voted for Mr. Valhindigham a.s others
have to presume that they voted for Mr. Camp-
bell; and that the opposition of the Democrats was
sim-ply a ruse to relieve Mr. Vallandigham from
the odium of being voted for by negroes. I am
speaking upon the evidence before us; and I ask
gentlemen sitting as judges in this case, can you
say, upon your oaths and upon your consciences,
upon that evidence, that one negro vote was cast
for Lewis D. Campbell in Oxford township ?
There is no proof whatever of any such fact;
and when you look this entire evidence, over you
find not one woid to show that Democrats or
others challenged these votes. And if those ne-
groes ever voted, there is no proof to show whether
they voted for the Democratic candidate or the
Republican candidate—it is all left to mere sur-
mise; and if you wish to decide this question
upon that you can do so; but if you arc to decide
it upon legal evidence, it cannot be shown that
twelve negto votes, or any negro votes, were cast
at Oxford for the sitting member.
Mr. Speaker, it isunnecessaiy, perhaps, for me
to go further into this case. I might go on to
show what the contestant admits—that ins case
is made up almost exclusively of hearsay evi-
dence. The testimony of at least fifty witnesses
is to tins point. Look at the deposition of finsey,
the deposition of JMeas, the deposition of Black,
the deposition of Deune, the deposition of Kelley,
the deposition of Davidson—in fact, all the depo-
sitions. They are insufficient. They are not legal.
They should be rejected. One testifies thata cer-
tain person voted for the sitting member. Why?
Because he generally talked in favor of Republi- j!
can principles. Is this the kind of evidence to
dccido a grave and important question ? I think
not. Another testifies that he considered a cei tain j
other voter as a Republican; that he voted; that ;
Campbell was a Republican, and that therefore
he voted for Campbell. This is all. No proof is ;!
offered as to how or for whom the person voted; |
and yet th" contestant asks that such testimony [j
shall he received to prove illegal votes against the 'i
sit f ! '; • member. ||
Another \\ itnoss testifies in regard to a voter, i
that the father of the voter was a Republican; that j;
the f.omly were Republican; that the son voted; j
and of course it followed that his vote was cast |
for Urn.sitting member. Is this satisfactory evi- !
donee to the legal gentlemen on the oilier side of h
the House? Is it evidence at all? Most certainly j|
not. j!
Again: another witness testifies that the voter j|
told lum that he had voted, and voted for the sit- i|
ting member. But this is not admissible evidence. !;
It is only the recollection of a conversation not
made under oath. The Vv*itncss may have under- >;
stood the pmty correctly, or may have been mis- ji
taken. Nay, more; the admission itself may have jj
been made, and iVilsely made, to affect this very jj
contest. Hut, Mr. Speaker, why pre we com- i[
polled to take this hearsay evidence- Why has ji
the contestant rested his case upon the testimony .1
of third persons r Why are not the'voteis them-
selves biou^ht foi wardp The contestant offers
no excuse for his want of diligence. He t^ivcs no .
reason why thev could not be examined, lie does ^
not say that they had left the district or State. ■,
Ho floes not show that they iefused to appear,
or, appeanlis:, refused to testify- Sir, they never ,i
wore even summoned. This is the truth. The ''
contestant admits it: and I hold him to the full ;j
effect of the admission. lj
Mr. speaker, all of this testimony should be I,
excluded. By every principle of justice and every
rule of law irshouid be disregarded. This House i]
has repeatedly so decided, and in no case more ||
explicitly and fully than hi that of Archer and |
Allen. What was the course of the House in that
case? What said the minority, of which the hon-
orable gentleman from Geoigia [Mr. Stephens]
was one, in their views presented to the House?
Here is their language :
" There is some testimony that certain person^ said that
they had heard another man say that he had voted lor Mr.
Allen, when he had no right to vote. But are we u dis-
franchise a congressional district of a hundred thousand in-
habitants on hem say testimony that would not be received
in a magistrate's? court when a shilling was in controversy ?"
—Jlpf. to Cong. Globe, 1st sess. 34tk Congress, vol 33, p. §29.
And again, in the same report:
" Next, as to AlfiedCowdefi, the only evidence is that he
was heard to say that he had voted at the election; that he
had voted for Allen ; that his vote had elected hnn. See ;
and that he was not of age at the time. This evidence the
undersigned are cleariy of opinion, is hearsay eudence of
the worst sort. It is no evidence at all. ft would not be
received as. evidence in any court, and it never &honld bo
received in cases of contested elections before tlu-> Ilou-e;
for, by the admissibility of such evidence, it would be the
easiest matter in the world to set aside any clo-e election,
and defeat the will of the majority, by getting persons tn s-oy
that they nad voted illegally for the man whom, perhap-,
they had used their greatest efforts to defeat. Falsehoods,
wheie there is no solemnity of an oalh, are often rer-oitod
to in elections m canvassing before the people again-.t a can-
didate before an election, as all of us, perhaps, well know;
and who that would tell a he betore an election, would not,
do the frame thing after n,if he could thereby effect the same
object?5>
I agree, Mr. Speaker, with these views. They
are correct; they are legal, and they are fatal to
the case of the contestant.
Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the Committee of
Elections, [Mr. Harris, of Illinois,] who has pre-
sented his views to the House, has no doubtfully
and thoroughly examined the testimony, and hiM
views are entitled to much weight and respect; but
I have not been able to see how ho has arrived at
the conclusions which he has expressed. Either
the sitting member or the contestant is elected,and
the one hundred thousand people of the district
have the right to be represented in this House,
The sitting member comes herewith the certificate
from the Governor of that State, that he has ie~
ceived a majority of the votes cast in his district.
The people of the third congressional district
of Ohio have the right to that seat for their Repre-
sentative, no matter by how small a majority he
may have been elected. He has been sworn m, and
I believe that a full examination of the testimony-,
commencing with the first witness and going
through the whole list, will establish.incontest-
ably the right of the sitting member to the seat.
I believe that Lewis D. Campbell was legally
elected to theThirty-Fifih Congress from the third
congressional district of Ohio. This House may
think oflierwise. It may decide otherwise, ft
may trample the rights of the sitting member un-
derfoot. It may oveithrow law, justice, and legal
evidence, to accomplish a paity purpose. Nav,
more. It may again, as once before, violate the
great principle of popular s-overcgnty—the right
of the people to govern themselves and elect their
own Representative?!. But 1 predict now, and
here, that if such be the decision of this House,
it will, when the ides of November shall come,
meet with a stern rebuke from the people of Oh'o;
and although the sitting member may for a tune
be crushed by party dictation, he will be lifted up
by a generous constituency and triumphantly
sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, here entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which Dr. Evans's
geological survey of Oregon was ordered to be
printed. ■
Mr. WILSON. I,wish to state further, that
it is alleged that three idiots voted for the sitting
member. By the report made by the friend of
the contestant, [Mr. Lamar,] as a member of
that committee, it appears that three persons of
unsound minds, thiee idiots, voted for the con-
testant, and three idiots voted for Mr. Campbell.
So that if there was anything wrong in that, it
was a wrong equally committed on both sides. 1
regret that the contestant has seen proper to refer
to that unfortunate class of individuals.
Mr. GILMER. I was about to say that I take
it for granted that the sitting member has a prima
facie right to continue in his seat until it is shown,
by legal, admissible, competent testimony, that
he is not entitled to it. I think that, m a very
few words, I can satisfy every lawyer in this
House that the contestant has not, by legal, com-
petent, and admissible evidence, shown that the
Sitting member was not dulyelectcd; and if I do
that, the case ends there. But, before I proceed
to discuss that legal point, I desire to call the at-
tention of the House to this simple view of the
