1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Minnesota, shall reside within the same, and shall be enti-
tled to.the same compensation as the judge, attorney, and
marshal of the district of Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to tbe second section of this bill
fixing the representation of the new State of Min-
nesota in the Houseof Representatives. I agreed
to that section as it is presented in this bill, in
order to get a majority of the committee to con-
cur in the bill. That section allows to Minne-
sota one Representative, and as many more as the
census shall show her to be entitled to. The cen-
sus was not fully returned at the time the bill was
reported, and I am not aware that the full returns
have yet been received; but I have such evidence,
unofficial, informal, as satisfies me that the census
of Minnesota was not fairly taken. At the time
the committee reported the bill, the returns showed
about one hundred and forty thousand people,
with seven or eight counties more to be heard
from; yet I believe Minnesota had a much larger
population than that. She has elected three mem-
bers of Congress, and if I could, I should have
allowed her the three. I had, however, to con-
cur in the section as it is, in order to obtain the
assent of a majority of the committee to the bill.
I would now prefer to strike out that section en-
tirely, and leave the Houseof Representatives to
determine the number of Representatives to which
she is entitled. I move to strike out the second
section of the bill.
Mr. GREEN. I shall vote against striking out
this section for one single reason. I regard it as
the duty of Congress to fix the representation to
which a State may be entitled; not the House of
Representatives, but Congress. 1 am willing that
a definite number be fixed; but to strike out the
section Entirely, and leave it to the mere option
of one branch of Congress, does not, in my opin-
ion, come up to the discharge of the constitutional
duty which imposes it upon Congress to fix the
number to which the State may be entitled. The
census returns show about one hundred and
forty-six thousand inhabitants. I have the evi-
dence in my drawer, and it can be presented at
any time. It is very clear to me that the State
ought to have at least two Representatives. If
from the returns subsequently received the State is
entitled to three, I am perfectly willing she should
have three; but I do not think we ought to leave
it a blank for the House of Representatives to fix
just as they please. Congress may fix the rep-
resentation to which a State is entitled, except so
far as the Constitution fixes it. The Constitution
says they shall have.at least one. That is fixed.
"Whenever they are to have more than one, Con-
gress must say what the number shall be, either
by establishing a rule, or naming the number.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to ask the Senator from
Illinois, if he has obtained information in regard
to the census, what, in his opinion, is the prob-
able amount of the population of Minnesota at
this time ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I take the census as a
fuide, my recollection is that it shows about one
undred and thirty-six thousand returned, and
seven or eight counties to hear from. I think the
committee came to the conclusion that, if the re-
maining counties contained the same proportion
of people to voters, there would be between one
hundred and forty-five and one hundred and fifty
thousand, according to the census.
Mr. GREEN. Yes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am under the impression,
from unofficial, verbal information, that the cen-
sus was not fairly taken, but to what extent I
cannot say.
Mr. SEWARD. Unfair which way?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that the cen-
sus-takers did not take the names of all the popu-
lation, and the population is much larger than
the census would indicate. That is my impres-
sion.
If the Senator from North Carolina will pardon
me, I will make a remark here on another branch
of the subject. One motive I have in moving to
strike out the section is this: Minnesota has
elected three members. If we admit the State
without fixing any number, the question is how
todetermine who was elected,and whether it does
not exclude the entire representation of the State:
Three have certificates. If Minnesota be admit-
ted with one or with two, the question is whether
any one or any two of the-three already elected I
can take their seats; and if so, which one or two? j
The point is, therefore, whether we are not bound
either to take the three or to leave them all out
under the-circumstances. I hardly see how the
House of Representatives is to determine which
of the three to admit; and seeing that difficulty to
arise on the point, I move to strike out the whole
section, and leave the House to determine the
question for itself. The population, as far as re-
turned, as furnished to me by the Senator from
Missouri, is one hundred and forty-two thousand,
with six counties wanting, which would bring it
up probably to about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand people.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from Illinois
be good enough to inform we whether there was
any provision in the enabling statute authorizing
the election of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not distinctly recollect.
My impression is that the provision in the en-
abling statute was the same as in this bill; that
she should have one representative, and such ad-
ditional ones as the census ordered by that statute
should show that she was entitled to. That cen-
sus shows that she is entitled to one and a frac-
tion; and the question is, how can you give one
for the fraction, if you construe that statute liter-
ally? That is my impression of the enabling act,
but I may be mistaken.
Mr. MASON. It seems to me that the act of
the Territory of Minnesota, in electing Senators
and Representatives to Congress before they could
do so—and they could not do so until they were
a State of this Union—was a great irregularity.
It was done in the instance of the Territory of
California, and Congress, as 1 thought very im-
providently, sanctioned it, by admitting those
who had been thus elected. But if the people of
the Territory of Minnesota have placed them-
selves in that position, electing three Representa-
tives, without knowing, or without inquiring,
even, from the census, what number they were
entitled to, it is an embarrassment from which I
do not see that Congress can relieve them. These
three gentlemen have an equal right, if they have
any right at all. I do not know how the question
of selection between them could be determined.
I have no idea that Congress could determine it.
Minnesota is entitled to but one Representative;
for whatever the fraction may be, it is not large
enough to entitle her, under the existing appor-
tionment, to another Representative.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state, on refreshing my
memory by talking with the Senator from Mis-
souri, that the enabling act did not provide a Rep-
resentative for any fraction. It provided that she
should be entitled to one member, and such ad-
ditional ones as the population returned, in the
census should show her to be entitled to under
the existing apportionment, not giving any for a
fraction.
Mr. MASON. Then, under the existing ap-
portionment, she would be entitled to but one;
Representative. ]
Mr. GREEN. The constitution of Minnesota I
has this provision, section nine, article sixteen: i
" For the purposes of the first election, the State >]ml! j
constitute one district, and shall elect three members to the -
^Xouse of Representative^ oi the United States."
,< They fix the number by their own law; and if
fwe say nothing on the subject they are entitled
to them under their constitution.
Mr. MASON. 1 think we should restrict them I
to one Representative; because, under the exist-
ing apportionment, their fraction is not large ;
enough to entitle them to more than one; but
which Representative that should be is a matter '
that I think the Senate ought not to undertake to j
determine. It is a matter that seems to mo be- '
longs properly either to the House of Represent- j
atives,or to the State of Minnesota when it shall ,
be admitted, to determine which of the three shall I
be that one. i
Mr. BIGGS. The object of my inquiry of the i
honorable Senator from Illinois was, to determ- j
ine as to the motion I should make for the amend- I
ment of this section before it is proposed to be
stricken out, as I suppose it will be proper to
amend the section before the question is taken
upon striking it out. I concur with the Senator
from Missouri, that we ought to determine m
this bill the number of Representatives to which
the State is entitled in the House of Representa-
tives, and I am disposed to be liberal to this new
State. If you take her population now, to de-
termine the number of Representatives to which
she is entitled, of .course she has an advantage
over the States whose apportionment was made
on the basis of the last census; but I am willing
to give her that advantage, and also to give her
the additional advantage of a liberal apportion-
mentof Representatives, in admitting her into the
Union. I will, therefore, move that the second
section be amended by striking out the word
" one,"in the second line, and inserting " two;" -
and by striking out the rest of the section, after
the words " Houseof Representatives of the Uni-
ted States," which provides for such additional
Representatives as the population of the State may
entitle her to. We then settle the matter; and by
a liberal application of the facts, as we understand
them, give her two Representatives in the House
of Representatives. I move this amendment to
the section, before the question is taken on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois to strike it
out.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will slate the facts of
this case as I understand them. By the enabling
act it was provided that if Minnesota decided
to form a constitution and State government, a
census should then be taken; and she should be
entitled to such number of Representatives, upon
her admission, as that census should show her to
be entitled to according to the present rule of ap-
portionment. When the convention met and de-
cided to go on and make a constitution, the Sec
retary of the Interior, being informed that that
contingency had happened, issued his orders for
taking the census; ana the proper officers, the mar-
shals and the deputy marshals, went on taking it.
In the mean time the convention proceeded to
make the constitution; and in that constitution,
without waiting for the result of the census to
transpire, they provided that the people should
elect three Representatives to Congress, and de-
clared the whole Territory to be one district for
that purpose, and they wenton and made the elec-
tion before the taking of the census was completed.
They also proceeded to submit the constitution
to the people, who ratified it, and held on the same
day an election for members of the State Legisla-
ture. The Legislature met, and chose Senators
to Congress.
When I examined this subject in the commit-
tee, it appeared to me at the first blush that if
Minnesota were admitted under her constitution,
without saying anything in regard to the number
of her Representatives, it would be a mere ques-
tion for the House of Representatives to settle
the number, and to decide which of the persons
already elected should be Representatives in that
House by virtue of the enabling act, which de-
clared that she should be entitled to the number
which the present apportionment would give her
on the taking of the census. On more full reflec-
tion, however, I came to the conclusion, and I
believe the committee agree with me in this opin-
ion, that inasmuch as they have put into their
constitution a provision for three Represeulatives
to Congress for the time being, they will be en-
titled to have those three Representatives if we
admit them under that constitution without any
qualification. It was to exclude any sueh con-
clusion that the second section was inserted in the
bill. It was ingrafted into it with the view of
carrying out the provision of the enabling act, and
give them the number of Representatives to which
I their census may entitle them, and no more, and
i to rebut the presumption which might arise that
, we agreed to let them have three members, winch
f presumption probably'would arise if it was not
rebutted by some such provision as this.
The census returns have fully come in, exccpt
for seven or eight counties, and in regard to those
the committee made an estimate, by taking the
number.of votes in those counties and estimating
the same proportion of people to each voter as in
the rest of the Territory; and on this basis we
came to the conclusion that Minnesota has be-
tween one hundred and forty-five thousand and
one hundred and fifty thousand people. The pres-
entratio of representation is ninety-three thousand
four hundred and twenty; Minnesota, therefore,
has sufficient population for one Representative,
and she has a fraction larger than half the ratio
required for another. Now, it is suggested as the
