1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
case. Here is a heated and excited election in
the third congressional district. The number of
votes polled is somewhere near twenty thousand.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him for a moment? There
are several gentlemen who are anxious to know
what course is to betaken upon this question.
As many gentlemen desire to leave the Hall, I
will simply indicate to them the course I propose
to pursue; which is, to (fall the previous question
before the House adjourns to-day, and, if there
is no objection, to have the vote taken on Tues-
day, at one o'clock.
Many Members. Say Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggestto
the gentleman from Iliinois that there is a special
order for Tuesday.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But, by gen-
eral consent, the vote can be taken at that time.
It will consume but a few minures.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Take it on Mon-
day.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It makes no differ-
ence with me. I desire to consult the wishes and
convenience of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I want it understood that I
object to any arrangement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will simply state,
then, that I shall call the previous question, be-
fore the House adjourns, and let the question go
over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would intimate
to the gentleman from Illinois^ without, however,
deciding the point, as he has not had an oppor-
tunity to look into it, if the previous question is
seconded, and the main question ordered, the
subject will come up on Monday morning. The
Chair learns from the Clerk that such has been the
practice. Jt may be, however, that the special
order may preclude the question from corning up
until Wednesday morning'.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Fort Snelling
case is postponed until Wednesday.
The SPEAKER. But it is not a special order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I would ask,then,
if it is agreeable to the House, to take the vote on
Wednesday ?
Mr. STANTON". Let us take if on Monday.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is there a special
order for Wednesday ?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not care when
the vote is taken. I desire to accommodate the
House.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. JMAYjNAIID. With the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] I
wish to submit a motion to postpone this motion
until the second Wednesday of December next.
1 do not propose to consume any rime in stating
the reasons for the motion.
Mr. GILMER. Do I lose my right to the floor
by yielding to that motion ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion is made the
gentleman from North Carolina must confine his
remarks to the question of postponement..
Mr. GILMER. I cannot yield, then. I was
proceeding to call the attention of my friends to
the fact that, when you look at the whole evi-
dence in this case, and take into consideration the
number of votes cast at the election, and also take
into consideration the fact that the sitting mem-
ber was confined by his duties m Congress, ftom
and after a few days after the election until within
eight or ten days before the time for taking the
testimony closed, and that the contestant had an
ex p^rte searching after illegal votes, the case will
not appear very surprising. Eighteen or twenty
thousand votes were polled in that election, and
the contestant, after devoting his time since the
commencementof this Congress to analyzing and
sifting the testimony taken under such favorable
circumstances to himself, cannot make himself
out elected by more than twelve or fourteen votes,
when the official returns were only nineteen
against him. *
Now, I ask gentlemen ir he has made out a rea-
sonable case for himself? I venture to say that
there is no tan election m any portion ofthe Union
w-erc, if an opportunity were given to canvass
the votes, theie would not be found five times as
many illegal votes. I have taken that view of it
to show that tins cannot be a case going beyond
that represented by the chairm'an of the committee
—a case of doubt. I have said that I desired to dis-
cuss this question in a legal point of view first. I
have said that I take it for granted that every law-
yer in this House-is already satisfied that the con-
testant has to overcome the prima facie case with
which the sitting member took his seat. Has he
done it? The sitting member not having an op-
portunity to attend the taking of testimony within
the sixty days allowed by the law, asked leave of
the House for further time to take testimony. He
proposed to the contestant, in the spring of 1857,
to waive all irregularities and let the testimony be
taken. The contestant declined to comply with
that proposition, and the sitting member came to
this House, at the earliest moment he could, and
asked further time. The House', by refusing
further time, declared,in substance, that the com-
mittee were to make up their entire report on the
legal testimony taken, and at the next session of
the committee the following resolution was passed:
" Whereas, the House has declined to grant the parties
] leave to take further testimony,
" Resolved, That the committee proceed to make up the
resultof the election on the testimony filed, regulaily taken
Within sixty days, except wheie the parties have agreed that
the testimony otherwise taken might be read."
The parties agreed on no other testimony. At
that time there was no testimony taken and filed
which showed what number of votes Vallandig-
ham got, or what number of votes Campbell got.
And if there be not legal testimony, admissible in
this case, to show how many votes these several
| parties received, how, in the name of common
sense, can this House decide that the contestant
has made out a case to the satisfaction of this
House, that Campbell was not elected?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I believe the ob-
! jection to my proposition to take a vote on this
: case on Wednesday at one o'clock is withdrawn.
I beg leave to renew it.
! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The contestant
,i prefers Tuesday at one o'clock; it will take but a
jj few minutes to dispose of it.
jl Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have no ob-
;■ jection to that.
* Mr. HARRIS, of Iliinois. Then I hope it will
be agreed to.
|| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Whatever busi-
'[ nees rnav he up at that time may bo suspended.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
; 1 Mr. GILMER . After the action of the House,
i! i nd after the passage of that resolution, it was
! discovered that in this case there was a deficiency
ji of testimony, and the contestant undertook to
l! supply it by filing a statement or certificate from
11 the Secretary of State of Ohio taken after the case
■ had been referred to the committee. The argu-
. rnent on the other side is, that the act of Con-
gress did not contemplate this official paper as a
j| portion of the evidence necessary to be taken and
filed within the sixty days. Now I desire the
I serious attention of gentlemen on this floor to this
;; question. I think that any gentleman who ex-
■' amines it will find that it is entirely satisfactory
i that this certificate is one of the very official pa-
; pers provided for expressly in the act of Congress
j to be taken and sent to the Clerk of the House
j within sixty days. I call the attention of gent'e-
| men to the eighth section of the act, which reads
; as follows.
| Size 8 ,'lntl /<? it further ennctcJ* That the paid man*-
• trate have power to require tlx; pioduction of paper? ;
| and on th<* ipfu^U or n^jrlect of any person to produce and
! dclivcj up any paper oi papei-s. m hi* possession. pert.immg
to *;aid election, or to piodiiff and deliver np certified or
?wotn copie- of the (same, in ease thov may be official pa-
p"is, he Miall be liable to all the penalties pre-crbed in the
; fifth section of this act; and all panei# thus piodueed, and
i ail certified orsworn copies of official papeis, shall he tian«-
! mitfed hvsaid magistrate, with the testimony of witnesses,
' to the Clerk ofthe House of kepre^entauves.*'
I Now, sir, was that not such a [taper as should
| be produced here in evidence by a certified or
! sworn copy? The very fact that a contestant
could get jr at any time shows that he could have
got it within the sixty days. Suppose that the
contestant, finding out that there was a mistake
in the summing up by the clerks, by which his
majority proved to be, notnineteen, but two hun-
dred and nineteen, could he, after that resolution
was passed by the House, have asked the House
to act upon that discovery ? I presume no man
will say fur a moment he could, because that is
an official paper. That is a paper which could be
proved by a sworn and certified copy. Tne act
of Congress requites thatall sucii should be taken
and sent here within sixty days. Mr. Campbell
could have taken this evidence within the
days. So could the contestant. Neither did tu
And when.the contestant found that he ^as bound
up by that resolution, then this n^ke-shift was
resorted to, to make out a case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me place this in another
point of view. I understand the point to be pre-
sented, that this certificate of the Secretary of
State of the summing up of the vote in this elec-
tion, is to be admitted as record evidence notwith-
standing the provisions of the act of 1851, in re-
spect to the time allowed for furnishing testimony,
and the contestant would show thereby the num-
ber of votes returned for Mr. Campbell, and the
number returned for himself.
Well, sir, what is that little slip of paper from
the Secretary's office? It is a copy ofthe clerk's
summing up. It is a copy of the original sum-
ming up in the clerk's office. But if it is to be
admitted as record evidence, then the original is
the poll-books themselves in the clerk's office,
and they are record evidence of the fact that A,
B, C, or D, voted; and you cannot prove by sec-
ondly evidence facts which may be proved by
record evidence.
But, sir, the contestant is estopped from pro-
ducing this evidence at all. He did not produce
it in sixty days, which was absolutely necessary
to make it conform to the law of 1851. But sup-
pose I waive that point, and, for the sake of the
argument, admit it as record evidence—the paper
winch he produces is only a copy of a copy. It
is only a copy of a copy from the poll-books
which are kept in the clerks'offices in the several
counties \vhich compose that congressional dis-
trict; and if you want to prove who are the voters
that cast their votes in that election you must
either produce the original, or a certified or sworn
copies-of the original. While I help him out of
a ditch, therefore, on one side, he falls into an-
other on the other side—to wit: as to the necessary
proof of the persons that actually voted. I ask
every lawyer here to answer me whether such
record evidence is good evidence? Whoever
heaid of a copy of a copy being better than the
original ?
Why, sir, this certificate in the officc of the Sec-
retary of Slate, is only intended for the inspection
c>f the Governor, under a special provision of the
statutes of Ohio, for a special purpose. It is there
to enable him to determine to whom he shall give
the certificate of election—for that purpose, and
that alone. But that certificate itself would be a
copy of the original. Now you do not take a copy
of a copy as evidence, when either the original,
or a copy of the original, can be produced; and
such a copy could have been produced, for the
poll-books are kept in the clerk's office in every
county, open to the inspection of all who dosira
to see them. So that, I say//mi ends this case.
It ends it in the mind of every fair-minded lawyer
who will give it his attention for a moment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, according to what is held,
not m foreign courts, but according to what is held
in this country, by committees of election of this
House, as necessary for the contestant to show, be-
fore he can oust the sitting member and secure the
seat for himself, I shall" proceed to show thatCon-
gress has heretofore held that the contestant must
make out his case from such testimony as is known
to be regular and legal—such as would be admis-
sible m a court of law or equity. I will call at-
tention to what the House has, through its com-
mittee, heretofore said upon this point in the case.
Here it is:
it may, however, be said that the case in 1 Denio, was
at law, and that theiefoie rhc same does not apply. But in
14 Baib. K , 326, it i* well said : ' The lesultof an election,
when con t inverted m couit, js like a judgment sued upon-'
And in tne lepnrtof ihe majority of the committee iu_ the
c;bo or Aicher w. Allen, it i> well and correctly said : " The
flou^e id judging ofthe ejection returns of lis members sits
a  a court. Then pioccedtng^ are judicial jh their charac-
ter and why i-> it not as competent for Conaress, by law. to
regulate the pioceedmgs m tills couit any other. And it
such regulati .hi* are made, why are they not as binding, i ins
l* an nnpoitant point; and the undersigned insist upon the
propriety of its observance by the House, not so much in
coiisideiation of anv bearing it may have ou the merits of
this ea-e, n- on account of the consequence* winch will
n.ituidliv follow the precedent winch a disregard of it would
esfabL.-h."5 Jirthcr and Alien's Case, Minority Report,
page 13.
Again:
" For when a party controverts an election, he must make
full proof of tiie faci thai he, <md not the paity who has ob-
tained the cein/icate, elected
** fn tie c.ib'o, of fV. ScWtf, (Obirfesred-elefclibn
