1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901-
ground of the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina, that that census was perhaps short of
the truth. I think the fair presumption from the
facts within my knowledge is rather the other
way. I believe they counted many men in that
census as inhabitants of Minnesota, whose fami-
lies remain in New England to this day. Those
persons have gone there with a view to settle—
they are making arrangements to settle—but that
is not taking up a residence. 1 take it that a man's
residcncc is where his family resides, whatever his
ultimate purposes may be. The fact is, I believe,
thatthatcensus in al! probability is larger than the
true number of residents In Minnesota. At any
rate, I do not know how we can obtain by mere
suggestion, estimation, or guess, as a Yankee
would call it, what should be the rule of our duty,
when we have official information before us. When
we take the returns before us and make a liberal
allowance for the seven or eight remaining coun-
ties, by estimating their population according to
the number of votes they cast, I think we do all
that we can as a basis for our action; and on that
basis they are entitled to one Representative, and
go half way towards another.
The question pending now 1 understand is on
the amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina to the second section. I have no very great
objection to the amendment, though I think two
Representatives are more than Minnesota, is en-
titled to; but I do not see that the amendment
will help the matter at all. As tiuly stated by
the Senator from Illinois, and the Senator from
Missouri, the trouble is, that if Minnesota cannot
have three members she cannot have any at the
present time, but there must be a new election.
Mr. PUGH. Why cannot the House of Rep-
resentatives take the highest ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The people have voted for
three men. The people have jiever decided which
two or which one of the three they would have,
if they had to select only one or two. The House
of Representatives, in admitting any of them, will
have to make an election for them. They will
have to select from the three who have been elected
by the people; and I think they have no power to
make any such election as that, any more of two
members than of one. I do not know which of
these men had the highest number of votes, or
whether there was any difference between them
in that respect, nor do I think that any criterion
at all. That might depend on a man's location.
If the people were to elect two members, they
might locate them in different sections of the State.
I do not see how it is possible to determine any-
thing any more with two members than with one.
If we strike out this section, I presume the whole
three must be admitted, because the constitution
of Minnesota provides for three members of Con-
gress; and if we admit them with that constitu-
tion, and exclude no conclusion to the contrary,
we provide for admitting the three members.
That is evidently improper, and 1 do not know
but that it is unconstitutional; for we have no
power to give Representatives disproportioned to
the different States. I think, therefore, the sec-
tion should not be stricken out. As to the amend-
ment, I do not think it will help the matteratall;
but it will still require a now election,as much so
as if only one Representative were provided for.
Whether you allow one Representative or two
Representatives, the matter will have to be sent
back to the people for them to make an election
of the true number to which th*y arc entitled.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for a division of the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina. I be-
lieve the State of Minnesota is entitled to thiee
Representatives. I think so from information I
have. I shall vote for the first part of the amend-
ment of the Senatorfrom North Carolina, striking
out " one"and inserting " two,"andthen I shall
vote againsrthe second part of his amendment,
so as to leave the House of Representatives, on
such testimony as they may receive, to decide
whether or not Minnesota shall be entitled to one,
two, or three Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe the pending motion
is to strike out the second section of the bill re-
ported by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator from Delaware that the pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina, to amend the second section by
striking out the word (tone"and inserting "two;"
I and by striking out the residue of the section after
i the word f< Representatives," so that the clause
| shall read " that said State shall be entitled to two
Representatives in the Congress of the United
States."
Mr. BAYARD. My objection will be precisely
the same to that amendment as it would be to strik-
ing out the whole section. The enabling act for
Minnesota made the proper provision under the
laws of the United States. Every State is entitled,
m the House of Representatives, to a proportion-
ate representation, according to the principles of
the Constitution, not to an arbitrary number; and
therefore, when a new State is coming in, as her
population could not be known at the time of
the preceding general decennial enumeration, it is
always proper to provide for ascertaining her pop-
ulation. Congress made that provision in the Min-
nesota enabling act. Section four of that act pro-
vided that, in the event of the convention adopting
a constitution, the Secretary of the Interior was i
to cause a census of the inhabitants to bo taken;'
and that the State should be entitled to one Rep-
resentative, and such additional Representatives
as the population should, according to the census,
show her to be entitled to upon the present ratio
of representation. That is just and fair. What-
ever the State is entitled to on that basis, of course
she ought to have, and no more. The whole dif-
ficulty has arisen from a perhaps not unnatural
eagerness on the part of the new State to act be-
fore she was in a condition to act, and to act be-
yond her power. In the schedule to her consti-
tution, Minnesota has undertaken, in violation of
the very law under which she organized her con-
stitution, to claim representation in Congress on
a different basis from what the law allows her. It
is for Congress, not for a State, to prescribe the
basis under the Constitution of the United States.
Not only has she done that, but she has, m arti-
cle sixteen of her constitution, violated the exist-
ing law of the United States, which requires elec-
tions for members of Congress to be by single
districts. She has provided that, u for the pur-
poses of the first election the State shall consti-
tute one district, and shall ulrcf three members
to the House of Representatives of the United
States."
The general law requires that tiie elections of
members of Congress shall be by single districts.
Minnesota has chosen as her first act to annex
to her constitution a provision making the State
into one district instead of tlnee, if she is entitled
to three members. This clause is wrong in all
respects. In truth, it ought to form no part of the
constitution. I agree with the honorable Senator
from Vermont, that tl>is clause being theie, if we
admit the State under this constitution, it will be
considered as an assent to the clause, unless we
insert some provision excluding that conclusion.
As I do not think Minnesota had a right to ex-
ercise any such power, I cannot vote for striking
out or amending this section of the bill, as now
proposed. She is no more entitled to two Rep-
resentatives than to three, on any evidence we
have. The bill reported by the committee gives
her fairly all that she is entitled to; that is, one
Representative certainly, to which every State is
always entitled, and any additional number that,
by the ratio of representation, she is entitled to
! for her population. That leaves the rest legiti-
i mately to the House of Representatives. It be-
longs to them, after we have declared what num-
ber of members the State is entitled to under the
ratio, to determine as to the election of their own
j members, and whom they will admit. Whether
i they will admit the persons already elected or
! not, is a question for them, and not for us. Con-
! gress is to prescribe what the representation shall
| he m the admission of a new State, not the State
i herself, noteitherliouseofCongressalone. Then,
1 as to who has been elected, and whether the
! election has been in accordance with the right to
! which the State is entitled after her admission
I is a question for the House in which the case
| arises to determine for itself.
' J submit then that the section, as reported by trie
I committ.ee, ought to stand, and that the objection i
'I to fixing two Representatives is just as strongas to :
! fixing three. According to the enabling act, Con-
gress is to give to Minnesota the number of Rep- ■
I resentatives to which her population entitles her. j
j There is no evidence before us under the law, i
! there is no census which shows that she is enti- i
tied, according to the- ratio, to more than- one
Representative. If she is entitled to-more than ope,
ana has elected them under the terms of the la^r;
it will be a simple matter of calculation when they
go to the House of Representatives wheeler that
House will admit one ot and the r%ji^iv1II-
be fixed properly by the terms of-the law Itself./
The VICE PRESIDENT, .The Senator from
Ohio has asked for adivislon of the questipn upon
the amendment of the Senator from N;ort!h;Garo-
lina. The Chair thinks it is susceptible of divis-
ion, The first question, therefore, wiH be on-s trik-
ing out ** one1 and inserting two''before the
word " Representative."
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. FITCH. The question, as_ stated by the
Chair, is on striking out "one"«and inserting
" two. " Cannot that be divided so as to let us
vote simply on striking out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order,
according, to the rules of this body, to divide a
motion to strike out and'insert.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Bright, Brown, Douglas,
Fitch, Green, Jones, Pugh, Sebastian, Stuart, and Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Clay, ColJamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolitfle, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hamlm, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennest.ee, King, Mason, Pearce, Polk) Seward,
Simmons, Siiduli, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—
So the first branch of Mr. Biggs's amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senate having rejecte&the
first part of the amendment, my object cannot be
attained by the rest of the proposition; and there-
fore I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion of the Senatorfrom Illinois to
strike out the second section of the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. I suppose the object of that mo-
tion is to allow the State of Minnesota three Rep-
resentatives in the other House, under her con-
stitution. That will be the effect of striking out
that section, and I am therefore opposed to it.
Mr. MASON. I propose, if it* be in order, to
amend the section by striking out all after the
word "Representative," the effect of which will'
be to entitle the State to one Representative 6nly.
I may be wrong, because I have not had sufficient
time to reflect on it; but I do not see how the
problem can be worked out to entitle this State to
more than one Repre'sentative under what is con-
tained in the second section. The provision is,
that " the said State shall be entitled to one Rep-
resentative , and such additional Representatives in
Congress as the population of said State, accord-
ing to the census authorized by the act approved
February 26, 1857, shall show it to be entitled to
according to the present ratio of representation."
The present ratio of representation does not as-
sign any number to any fraction of the unit pre-
scribed by the law. The mode of ascertaining
the apportionment in the law to which I have just
adverted, is by first determining what shall be the
whole number of Representatives,which was fixed
at two hundred and thirty-three, and theft it was
required that the Secretary of the Interior, after
ascertaining the entire population to be represent-
ed, should divide that by the number of Repre-
sentatives. The law declares—
« That the product of such division, rejecting any frac-
tion of a unit, if-any shall remain, shall be the ratio or rule
of apportionment."
And then it provides further that—
{i The Scci etary of the Interior shall ascertain the repre-
sentative population of each State, and divide the whole
number of representative population of each State by the
ratio aheady determined by him as above directed, and the
product of this last division shall be the number of Repre-
sentative apportioned to such State under the then last
enumeration: Provided, That the loss in the number ofmem-
bers, caused by the fractions remaining in the several States
on the division of the population thereof, shall be compen-
sated for by assigning to so many States having the largest
fi actions one additional member each for its fraction as may
be necessary to make the whole number of Representatives
two hundred and thirty-three."
I do not see, therefore, how the rule provided
for in the second section of this bill can be
worked out, or how it can be competent for the
House of Representatives, to whom it would be
left, to allow, according to the rule prescribed by
the existing law, to this State more than one Kep-
