2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Cases, 278) it is well said by the Committee of Elections, i
that <in eases where the person*returned comes rightfully by j
the certificate, then lie ought to keep his &eat till it is shown ;
that he is not entitled to it.' Being rightfully in possession ,
of the certificate, the legal presumption is that he was duly !
elected. And ' where the law raises a presumption m favor [
of the fact, the contrary mu«t he fully proved.' "—1 Stark, I
Ev., 452, sidefoMet. <§' Ing. ed., 1832. !
Now, does any gentleman here pretend that this ;
is not the law of- the case. And now let us see :
what description of testimony has heretofore been «
held to be legitimate and proper. I call the atten- j
tion of the House to the case of Allen us. Archer, |
which is a recent case, in which some of the au-
thorities arc citcdjwhen—
"The Hon.T. L. Hams, in speaking of hearsay testimo-
ny, in Archer vs. Allen, forcibly remarked : 'There is.some
testimony that certain persons said that they had heard an-
other man say that he had voted for Mi. Allen, when he had
no right to vote. ftutaie we to disfranchise a congressional
district of a hundred thousand inhabitants on hearsay testi- ; j
mony that would not be received m a magistrate's court ,j
when a shilling was in controversy "—Appendix to Con- < j
gressional Globe* first session Thirty-Fouith Congress,vol- [
lune 33, page 9-29. ;'
"Ami the minority, too. of the committee, in their report of
the case of Aieher vs. Allen, (page tf> ) well and admirably j
bays: '
'* Next, as to Alfred Oowden.the only evidence is that he !
was heaid to nav that he had voted at the election ; that he ;
had voted for Ai leu ; that his vote had elected hun, &c.; and j
that he was not of ago at the time. This evidence, the un- j
dersigned are cleaily of opinion, is hearsay evidence of Ike
worst sort. It is no evidence at all it would not he received
as evidence in anv court, and it nevershould be received in ,
case> ot contested' elections boiore this House, for by the a/1- '
missibility of ,-aieh evidence it would bo tho easiest matter i
in the world to sot aside anv* close election, and defeat the
will ot the majority, by getting persons to say that they had ,
voted illegal!}' for the man whom perhaps they had used ,
their greatest efioits to defeat. Falsehoods, where there is
no solemnity of an oath, are often tesorted to in elections m ,
cunva^sms before the people against a candidate hetoie an
election, as all of us, peihaps, well know 5 and who th.it
would toll a he befoie an election would not do the same
thing alter it, if he couLl thereby effect the same object.*''
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask gentlemen, befoie ;
they come to vote upon this question, to give their I
attention to this testimony—each man for him- j
self; and if any fair-minded gentleman, under the j
rules of admitting evidence 111 a court <4* law or :]
equity, will come to the conclusion that the con- !
testant 1ms made out his case, to wit: that the ,
Billing member ought to be ousted, he will come .
to a conclusion ditfeient from what 1 think he-will. \
Our friends on the other side of the House, in :
making up the minority report m behalf of the ,
contestant, have apologized for the conclusions
to which they have come, by saying that this is ,
a rase of public concern, ami thai they do not
think they should be held to the rules of ev idenee
applicable in the courts of law; for if they had,
honest gentlemen, as I know (hem to be, they
would never have come to the conclusion which ,
they have reported.
But I desire to call attention to what has been
held ui cases of tins kind in (his House heretofore.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. With the
gentleman's permission, I will have a motion on- 1
tcred juft here.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object to any arrangement, ;
unless the gentleman is ngttlarly entitled to the
iloor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Noith
Carolina has the floor and must yield uncondi-
tionally, in order that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky may come in, objection
being made.
Mr. GILMER. I yield to the gentleman un- !
conditionally.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask to
have entered the following proposition: ;
'• That the papers, 111 the contested election ca^e of Val-
landigham rs\ (.'ampbell, be, and tin; same ,11« hereby ie- i
committed to the ('omnnttceot Elections, with mstiuc turns
that both parties are permitted, by the House, to take fur-
ther testimonv under the regulations of law, on notice, until
the lirst Monday of December,
Mr. GILMER took the floor and was recog-
nized by tli* Chair. t
Mr. SEWARD. Can the gentleman hold the
floorwhen he has spoken on this subject once al-
ready ?
The SPEAKER. Tie cannot if any other gen-
tleman who has not spoken desires to obtain the
floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland Cannot the gen-
tleman from North Carolina speak on the motion
to recommit just submitted ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right, and
the gentleman from North Carolina will proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. GILMER. I will resume my remarks j
where I left them when the gentleman from Ken- .
tucky introduced his proposition. In the printed 1
repoit, on page 69, I find that which I have al- ;
ready read. . j
It is only by virtue of such testimony as this,
that our friends (as they naturally admit in their ,
report) are able to come to the conclusion which !
they have reported. !
Rut, Mr. Speaker, my friend the chairman of '
the committee, [Mr. Harris, of Illinois,] who
has given this case, I am willing to concede, as
faithful and I have no doubt as honest an investi-
gation as any member of this committee, has
pointedly stated his views of the case 111 bis con-
clusion. I send the conclusion of his minority
report to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" U seems cleaily proved that Anderson voted for Camp-
bell ; and one witness sweais that Lawrence admitted that
he had voted for Campbell. These are the only mulattoes
that are in any manner pioved to have voted tor hun. An-
derson swcai  that lie believe* Redmond and Mitchell voted
for hun, but does not trivo the ground of his belief. Moly-
ncaux saw three or four go to the polls attended by friends
of Campbell. As to the rest of these 4 mulattoes 01 peisons
of color,' the candidate for whom they voted is lelt to tlie
merest eonieetiue.
" Of the twenty-three votes above refeired to claimed by
contestant as being illegal, and having been east loi Camp-
bell, thrt testimony seem*, quite stiong and conclusive that ;
Walk, Tate. Anderson, Odlin, Haitimui, W.Lamb, Drayer, '
ami Onden, (eight votes,) did vote lor Campbell, and that 1
they were noticed votes.
'* The pi oof jh neiiber clear nor u'gulai. but it strongly
tends to piove that \01r1s, Smith, Davis, Foul.in, Gilhland, 1
,in<l hall, weie not h an I vote is ; while, in regaui mMax- ,
well, (todine, Lowe, Sharpc, Coble, Levi, jWas, Foster,
T-Vher, and Palmoi, it i> too slight to justify a injection of '
then vote*, or too doubtful as for whom they weie can to
wairant upon it the unseating of a member, and the be-
stowal ot his. pi ice upon anothei.
" While, from a view ot the whole case, it is impossible
to ^insfy the mmd th.it the contestant ha5-, by stnetly legal i
pino'- -liuwn liinwll enniled to the scat. >et he has cer- 1
laiulv biought th<- M'jhtoj ii«> sitting member to the severest
question. "It iuu- l.een held that where ' a person holds a
ieiti(e*.i*" Ol f|( etm.i, he oiiMht to keep his seal till it is
♦shown that he 1- not entitled to n.' But what shall be suf- ,
tieient to^howthisr1 The mere fact that the irmrmng otli- 1
eeis on ia!se votes, h tve given to one the eeitifieatc. ought
notju*tly to endow imri with ^upenoj tights or pnvileges '
to hiui wiio questions Mien tetinnsoi voles. Would it nut 1
be inoie just that the parties -tand on equal rights, and 111
the smii position .1* though both had pn^ented themselves ,
at the same tune, and under the same circumst uiees, and
claimed the seat? Then, il we ate unable to decide between
then !ighN, we leferthem back. to then constituents. To
 ivo the viinn" member Mipenor advantages, 1.-, olfoimg a
i piemium toi lalse letui n* and fraudulent votes. I piefer to
! consider them as standing on equal gumnd.
' "• In deciding questions of contested election, it i.s often
! difficult to te:K h a conclusion that -hall be unobteetionable
; and eotnm md general nsscnt. This is more dilficnit wheie
: elections are by ?ectet ballot than wheie they are ctvavot e ;
\ lot in th^ I.ill"! ea*e the poll book^ show unerrmelv not
only M'ho voted, but lor wiioni tho\otes were ca<t. When
the"voting is In ballot, after a given vote ks proved to bu
I ill"g<il. the me.'it 'litllc ulty still 1.; to "how for whom it was
; < list*; so (tt e;.t is thn ditfieulty thatit is prnpo-cd to resort
I to ;4afement-' ! thcehaiac.ei ot heaisay (becau^enotgtven
j under oath, and utreicd by third per.-on^) to ^howtor whom
; voles wen ca.t. Tins is dangerous evidence, but, from the
| neee>Mty of the ca^e, it is insisted that 11 should ho received,
i If it should be done, it should he with the gieatestcau-
! tton.
! ** The legality of eaeh vote form5' a que=tion by itself, and
; where seventy or eighty ef these vote- aie 111 question, His
' next to impossible to ague upon the legality of each, and
| vet the ruling upon one of them is to dcteimmo the < a>e.
I The legality of each vote mn-t he settled ; each, pcihaps,
involves qm^tion^ of law and (act mixed up in ineMtieablo
confusion, and to be settled by re.cienco to tulesnf taw and
evidence, and by eueunit-iau'iui01 heaitay te-.tunony,often
civen bv heated and mtetested partisans. The whole tes-
timony is not to lit: weighed as ;n a ea-e of law. but each
vote must be seiunm/.etl <iud dutemuned with inath.cmat-
ical ceitamty As it is nevt to imposvdile to reach -iK-h con-
clusions, party zeal geneially comes m to aid the hesitating
judgment, au'd the Journals of tin^ House v\dl show that the
views of menibci.% a-< i-> the legality or dneetion of vote^,
and eveiything connected with elections, have too often
been determined by tho partj medium ttuoug'i winch they
have been viewed.
" ft is quite ''-•a-sy to sei/e upon vote after vole, and with
dogmatic eontidenee accept or re|ect them as our impulses
may incline, but it is a seven* la-k to 20 ttuoup.h with an
cMended investigation and ainve at conclusions entirelv ,:at-
isfaetotv to tlie mmd that justice iias been done. A huge
uumber'ol votes may be in dispute, and upon the admissi-
bility of each tiie beet le°.al minds and most impartial judg-
ment may dnlci. We mav adopt pi nn-iples of construction
and titles of evidence, (\; ithout wim h we cannot pioceed
in oui investigations a step.) but even then we may be
balked with the constantly tecuttmg iiiquuv : whether tne
matters presented come withm our rules nnd are admissi-
ble 01 otheivvisc ? Afd when we have concluded oui ef-
ammatiou, accoiduig to the ptmeipies and rules we have
adopted, and ate brought to a result, even then our minds
aie oiten tmpiessed with a conviction that a tiue and just
couelusr.n would be the revet se of that to winch, by our
own rui< s. we have been fmred.
" in rewewmg the itr.panant questions conn?et«d with
this case, I have discarded al! technicalities, and endeav-
ored to reach, thiough testimony admissible under well-
settled rules of evidence, a satisfactory decision ; yet I have
been unable to find sufficient to warrant me in pronouncing
the contestant entitled to the seat of the conte&tee ; at the
samp time there are such facts and circumstances, some
of them mixed up, it is true, with opinions and hearsay tes-
timony, as to amount almost to a conviction that he is so.
"The question, then, picusnts"itself, will the House, in
this state of doubt and uncertainty, as bitrauly decide in favor
of one or the other of these paities, when it is as liable to
decide wrong as right ? or will it refer the case back to the
people for their decision ? When the verdict is questioned,
poll the jury. This has very often been done in cases less
doubtful than this. And fortunately it can be done here
withoutserious public inconvenience. The piesent ^esbiou
of Congress is near its close. But a few days of set vice re-
main piiorto the next regular election m Ohio, when this
contest can be settled by the people without extia tiouble
or expense, and settled m accoidanee with their own
wishes. Believing thatsuch mode of decision is,under the
eucumstances, the only properouc, the undersigned thinks
that the seat should be declared vacant, and the Governor
of Ohio notified thereof.
"THOMAS L. IJARRIS."
Mr. GILMER. I had that read in order to
show the reasons and the conclusions to which
the chairman of the committee had come. The
conclusion is that this is one of those cases which
ought to go bHek to the people, for the reason that
he was not able to determine, from the testimony,
which gentleman was elected—in other words,
because he was not satisfied, from tho testimony,
j that the contestant was elected. Then I submit
| that, in law, upon the finding of the chairman,
• the judgment should he m favor of the sitting
: member. Bear in mind that a majority of the
1 committee, in their reasonings upon this subject,
I hold and go together as to that point; although
1 four of the committee go one step further than the
; chairman, and have satisfied their minds that the
i sitting member is entitled to his seat. The chair-
; man of the committee, deciding m his judgment
! between them, has done so honestly and candidly,
| whether correctly or not, and has come to the
| conclusion that the contestant should not deprive
| the sitting member of his seat.
| I advert again to the point I made before, and
] I call the attention of the Honsc to the fact that
the contestant himself, who has labored and argued
this case, and has sought out every authority,
fiom the beginning of the Government down to
the present time, thinks himself that his case is to
be decided upon hearsay evidence, and the point,
whether his Secretary's certificate, obtained after
the testimony was closed, can be read; other-
wise he would not have spent so much labor and
time on his flimsy hearsays, and on the admissi-
bility of his said certificate. In the report, in reply
to the point as to the admissibility of the certifi-
! cate, he says:
J " l answer, first, that it is at least doubtful whether it is
1 my place 10 pioduce at all tho summing up at the Seere-
; ta'iv"s ofnee, ol the lCsiih. It is no part of my cate. [claim
; nothing under it. lTpou its face u shows nineteen mujouty
'• ngdmst me , and by so mucu it would dimmish rny vote,ad
] it appear^ by the testimony."
I Not necessary for him to show the actual re-
j suit of the vote ! Suppose he should show that
: Campbell had received one hundred illegal votes:
! unless he could show by legal testimony that those
• one hundred votes would alter the lesuit, he
would gain nothing by it.
: I destre each gentleman to take all these facts
j and sum them up for himself, and apply the evi-
' dence under the rules of evidence to the various
I contested votes; and if he can come to a result
1 that will give the contestant the seat, then I have
; examined this case in vain.
| Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. J wish to suggest
j a point for the gentleman's consideration, as he
has alluded to my opinions in this case. The
■ j gentleman says that the sitting member has a su-
; perior right to any contestant, and that it is neces-
sary that the contestant should show that he has
1 ii supenor right bel'ofe he can be allowed to stand
; upon an equal footing. The opinions which have
i been advanced heretofore m favor of the sitting
member, that a superior right in the contestant
must be shown before the sitting member is
ousted, is predicated upon the idea that the sit-
ting member is entitled to his seat. I admit that,
before you can oust him and give his seat to an-
other, that other person must show a superior
right * But while others propose to put the con-
testant in a position of superior right, I choose
to consider them as standing upon an equality.
In all the cases cued, to which my attention has
been called, where the doctrine has been laid down
that possession of the seat may be retained by
