1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
explicit language, by the authority given to the
President under the eighth section of the act to
employ the land and naval forces of the United
States " for the purpose of preventing the carrying
on of any such expedition or enterprise from the
territories or jurisdiction of the United States
against the territories or domain of any foreign
prince or State, or of any colony, district, or
people with whom the United States are at
peace."
For these reasons, had Commodore Paulding
intercepted the steamer " Fashion," with General
Walker and his command on board, at any period
before they entered the port of San Juan de Nic-
aragua, and conducted them back to Mobile, this
would have prevented them from " carrying on"
the expedition, and have been not only a justifi-
able but a praiseworthy act.
The crime well deserves the severe punish-
ment inflicted upon it by our laws. It violates
the principles of Christianity, morality, and hu-
manity, held sacred by all civilized nations, and
by none more than by the people of the United
States. Disguise it as we may, such a military
expedition is an invitation to reckless and law-
less men to enlist under the banner of any adven-
turer to rob, plunder and murder the unoffending
citizens of neighboring States who have never
done them harm. It is a usurpation of the war-
making power, which belongs alone to Congress;
and the Government itself, at least in the estima-
tion.of the world, becomes an accomplicc in the
commission of this crime, unless it adopts all the
means necessary to prevent and to punish it. It
would be far better, and more in accordance with
the bold and manly character of our countrymen,
for the Government itself to get up such expedi-
tions than to allow them to proceed under the
command of irresponsible adventurers. We could
then, at least, exercise some control over our own
agents, and prevent them from burning down
cities and committing other acts of enormity of
which we have read.
The avowed principle which lies at the founda-
tion of the law of nations is contained in the Di-
vine command that *4 All things whatsoever ye
would that men should do to you, do ye even so
tothem." Tried by this unerring rule, we should
be severely condemned if we shall not use our
best exertions to arrest such expeditions against
our feeble sister Republic of Nicaragua. One
thing is very certain, that people never existed
who would call any other nation to a stricter ac-
count than we should ourselves, for tolerating
lawless expeditions from their shores to make
war upon any portion of our territories.
By tolerating such expeditions, we shall soon
lose the high character which we have enjoyed
ever since the days of Washington, for the faith-
ful performance of our international obligations
and duties, and inspire distrust against us among
the members of the great family of civilized na-
tions.
But if motives of duty were not sufficient to
restrain us from engaging in such lawless enter-
prises, our evident interest ought to dictate this
policy. These expeditions are the most effectual
mode of retarding American progress; although
to promote this is the avowed object of the lead-
ers and contributors in such undertakings.
It is beyond question the destiny of our race to
spread themselves over the continent of North
America, and this at no distant day, should
events be permitted to take their natural course.
The tide of emigration will flow to the South, and
nothing can eventually arrest its progress. If
permitted to go there, peacefully, Central Amer-
ica will soon contain an American population,
which will confer blessings and benefits as wpII
upon the natives as their respective Governments.
Liberty, under the restraint of law, will preserve
domestic peace; whilst the different transit routes
across the isthmus, m which we are so deeply in-
terested, will have assured protection.
Nothing has retarded this happy condition of
affairs so much as the unlawful expeditions which
have been fitted out in the United States to make
war upon the Central American States. Had one
half of the number of American citizens who have
miserably perished in the first disastrous expedi-
tion of General Walker settled in Nicaragua as
peaceful emigrants, the object which we all de-
sire would ere this have been, in a great degree,
accomplished. These expeditions have caused
the people of the Central American States to re-
gard us with dread and suspicion. It is our true
policy to remove this apprehension, and to con-
vince them that we intend to do them good, and
not evil. We desire, as the leading Power on this
continent, to open, and, if need be, to protect
every transit route across the isthmus, not only
for our own benefit, but that of the world, and
thus open a free access to Central America, and
tforotigh it to our Pacific possessions. This
policy was commenced under favorable auspices,
when the expedition, under the command of Gen-
eral Walker, escaped fiom our territories and
proceeded to Punta Arenas. Should another ex-
pedition of a similar character again evade the
vigilance of our officers and proceed to Nicaragua,
this would be fatal, at least for a season, to the
peaceful settlement of these countries and to the
policy of American progress. The truth is, that
no Administration can successfully conduct the
foreign affairs of the country in Central America,
or anywhere else, if it is to be interfered with at
every step by lawless military expeditions "set
on foot" in the United States.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, January 7, 1858.
Mr. MASON. I rise only to move that the
communication be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, with the ac-
companying documents.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I wish to make
one or two remarks before this matter passes from
the Senate. 1 must dissent from the conclusion of
the President, that the grant of the right to use
the Army and Navy enlarged his jurisdiction and
conferred upon the Executive powers which he
did not possess under the law. He assumes that
the neutrality law, which required that these ex-
peditions should be suppressed, when it had added
thereto the power that he might use the Army and
theNavy m the execution of the law, conferred on
him authority to go beyond the jurisdiction of the
United States. From that I wholly dissent. This
seems to furnish us a key to the policy which sent
the navy out to the coast of Central America, there
to prevent illegal expeditions sailing from the
United States, instead of posting them where they
should have been for that purpose, at the mouth
of the Mississippi, the mouth of the Alabama,
and the harbor of New York. Three cities, it
was known by public announcement all over the
country, and three alone, contained the elements
of such an expedition—New Orleans, Mobile,
and New York. If it was necessary to enable the
civil authorities to execute the neutrality laws of
the United States, the fleet should have been sta-
tioned there, and not upon the coast of Central
America. If this expedition be all that is described,
it was but a misdemeanor, an offense against the
laws of the United States. The suspicion that
there was a purpose thus illegally to make war
upon a country with which we were at peace,
would have justified their detention within the
waters of the United States, in order that the case
might be inquired into,butcould not justify their
arrestbeyondthejurisdiction of the UnitedStates.
They wpre not fugitives from justice. They were
only men suspected of a misdemeanor. If w^had
possessed an extradition treaty that enabled us to
call on the Government of Nicaragua for the return
of a fugitive from justice, it would not have jus-
tified the course which has been pursued m this
case. If we possess no such treaty—and such is
my impression—then, though they had been fugi- j
lives from justice, they were safe from our reach j
as soon as they touched the soil of Nicaragua.
I cannot consent, even by my silence, to give
my approbation to this extension of the power of
the Federal Government by the use of the Army i
and Navy to perform acts the performance of
which has not been devolved by law on the Pres-
ident. The President has no more right to make
an arrest than any of those members of the Sen-
ate who aie now listening to nie. He has no more
power to issue process, and his Navy have no i
more power to serve it. At most, this was but
the case of an individual, in violation of the laws
of the United States, departing from the United
States to enter into the controversies of another
country. Whatever may be his character, what-
ever may be his purpose, is a subject into which
I do not choose to inquire. I know nothing of
him. I have no sympathy with such expeditions.
I think we should execute our neutrality law
within our own limits; but I hold that the diffi-
culty which has so often occurred,and which has
so often permitted expeditions of this kind to
leave the united States, is inherent in the nature
of the case. Our neighbors are too weak to re-
quire that a regular armament should be fitted out,
that an army should be organized for their inva-
sion. It is not according to the theory of our Gov-
ernment that we should establish a system of
espionage in order that we may stop any Six,
twenty, one hundred, or two hundred men who
may choose to leave the United States, cast off
their obligations to our Government, and enter
into revolutionary movements elsewhere. If they
claim to be emigrants, what right have we to in-
quire into their future motives? If they claim th3
right to cross Central America, what authority
have we to inquire whether they may not stop
upon the isthmus ? They are not, in the sense in
which the term was used in 1818, a military ex-
pedition, but a mere handful of adventurers upon
a transport-boat going down to a landing on the
coast of Central America. Such an expedition
as need be fitted out to go into the harbor of Liv-
erpool, and there make an assault, could not leave
our coast without every man in the country know-
ing it. Such an expedition it would be perfectly
within the power of the United States to suppress.
But, sir, when my attention was directed to this
subject some years ago, at the time of the inva-
sion of Lower California, when we received in-
telligence of a handful of men, (I believe it was
but a dozen,) with side-arms, going and capturing
the Governor and proclaiming themselves con-
querors of a State, I felt how utterly idle it was
for this Government, with our right of expatria-
tion, with the right of each'and every citizen to
go where he pleases, and to bear arms, to attempt
to-suppress such expeditions as might be made
use of against the southern and Central American
States.
I think, sir, we are making a great departure
from those principles which have heretofore con-
trolled our Government. We are attempting to
enlarge jurisdiction to suit the exigency of the
ease, instead of turning back to the authority
which has been conferred. If it be the will of
Congress and of the country to confer on the
Executive the power of keeping the police of the
high seas; to give him the Army and Navy as a
constabulary force to stand at foreign ports and
arrest persons suspected of a misdemeanor, let it
be conferred before he attempts to exercise it.
That power has not been given, and I have felt
it necessary thus to express my entire dissent
from it
Mr. MASON. I moved the reference of the
message and documents to the Committee on For-
eign Relations in order that we might have an op-
portunity of examining the positions taken m the
message, to determine whether any further legis-
lation is necessary to effect the objects of the neu-
trality laws as they are called, or whether any
action on the part of the Senate ought to be rec-
ommended, differing, if we should differ, from
the policy which the message seems to inculcate.
I should doubt the expediency of expressing opin-
ions upon the positions taken in the message with-
out further and more mature deliberation. I have
not understood the message correctly if the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi has given it its
true version in this. I have not understood that
the President, in his message, has said either ex-
pressly or by implication, that the command of
the Army and Navy, which is given to him by
the Constitution, enlarges any power that is con-
ferred on him.
Mr. DAVIS. The eighth section of the act he
speaks of as enlarging his power.
Mr. MASON. Then it may be a construction
upon that act. I do not know how that is. 1.he
President is required by the Constitution to see
that the laws are faithfully executed, and the Con-
stitution gives him the command of the Army and
Navy. I presume it would follow, that when the
Army ana Navy are given to him, he may use
them, if necessary, in the execution of the laws.
Mr. DAVIS. Pie cannot use the Army and
Navy in the execution of the law at his discretion.
The mode is pointed out in which he may use the
Army and Navy—not at his discretion; not where
he pleases beyond the jurisdiction of the United
States.
