1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mb
emancipation in the State of Missouri, and in the
South. Now, by the constitution of the State of
Missouri, its Legislature is prohibited fr-om pass-
ing any law emancipating slaves until they first
pay the owners, or get the consentof the owners.
The provision is as follows:
- "The General Assembly shall not have power to pass
laws:
" 1. For the emancipation of slaves without the consent
of the owners ; or without paying them, before such eman-
cipation, a full equivalent for such slaves so emancipated."
' Sir, as I remarked, the gentleman's policy tends
to one of two things! either to emancipate slaves
in the State of Missouri by first obtaining the con-
sent of the slaveowners, or providing means to
.pay the slaveowners the equivalent for the slaves;
or else to override the constitution and act the
agrarian in full, by striking down the liberties of
the people whom he in part represents 
Mr. BLAIR. Will my colleague allow me to
interrupt him for a moment? *
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No, sir; I do not
yield the floor. It is not the usage here to do so.
Sir, as I have said, the constitution of Missouri
provides that no slave shall be emancipated by
the Legislature unless a just equivalent be paid
to the owner. How many slaves are there in
Missouri? I assert that there are now over one
hundred thousand. The national census shows
that, from 1810 up to 1850, there has been a grad-
ual increase of slaves, in proportion to the increase
of the white population, and as great as that of
any other State. We now have over one hun-
dred thousand slaves. These slaves, at a fair
average valuation, are worth $500 a head. What
does he propose to do? To emancipate them,
in the face of that provision in the constitution
that slaves shall not be emancipated without the
consent of their owners, or without first paying
for them a fair valuation ? Is he proposing to
afflict his constituents and mine with a debt ? Is
he attempting to ingraft upon that State a policy
that shall bring her into debt between fifty and
sixty million dollars? Where is he to get the
money? Or, is he attempting to carry out an
agrarian policy that shall strike down private and
vested rights, irrespective of constitutional law?
In examining the census returns of that State, I
find these statistics:
In 1810 Missouri contained  3,010 slaves.
1820 10,222 "
1830 55,08L "
1840 58.240 "
1850 «7j422 «
Now, by the laws of Missouri, we take the cen-
sus every four years for State purposes; and 1
assert that there are, according to those census
returns, at this time from one hundred thousand
to one hundred and ten thousand slaves in the
State of Missouri.
And now I propose to show what will be the
consequence of inaugurating the policy in that
State which my colleague from St. Louisproposes
to enforce. By the estimate I have stated, these
one hundred thousand slaves, at an average value
of $500 a head, are worth to-day $50,000,000.
The State could only raise the money to pay for
them by the issue of State bonds. The bonds of
the State are now worth 871 cents on the dollar.
In order to pay the $50,000,000, bonds to the
amount of $56,500,000 will have to be issued. The
interest on these bonds would amount to $3,390,-
000. Suppose these bonds are issued for twenty-
five years, to be paid off in that time, making
the average annual payments of $2,260,000 prin-
cipal, which must be paid by the people of Mis-
souri, and in addition thereto $3,390,000 of inter-
est, which makes a total of $5,650,000 annually.
But, sir, that gentleman set out in his argument
by saying that there was a slave oligarchy in this
country, and that that slave oligarchy had entered
into a conspiracy, in the North and in the South,
for the purpose of striking down free labor, and
by this power ruling the country. I ask that gen-
tleman if he does not form a part of that slave
oligarchy? Is he not a slaveholder in the State
of Missouri ? Does not he derive his subsistence,
In part, from the toil and labor of those slaves?
Why, then, is he here to perform the ungrateful
duty to his constituents of striking down, by his
voice and his power, the peace and prosperity of
the people of the State which he in part repre-
sents? Why did he not put himself into the
breach, and show his own philanthropy by lib-
erating his own slaves, before he undertook to
charge his constituents and mine with forming a
part of a slave oligarchy? Mr. Chairman, it is
humiliating to me to see'a Representative in this
House from the State of Missouri, representing
slaveholdmg constituents, who can find no other
employment in the councils of the nation than to
defame his constituents It is humiliating to me
to find a colleague on this floor, representing in
part the State from which I hail—a State whose
prosperity has been unequalcd, whose resources
are inexhaustible, whose population is increasing
as rapidly as that of any State in this Union—I
say it is humiliating, to me to see a Representa-
tive of that gallant and glorious State come here
to strike down her energies, and casting a blight
upon her prosperity.
My constituents are deeply interested in this
question. I represent a proud and gallant con-
stituency; it is a rural district; they have their
farms and their cottages; they have their slaves
and their domestic circles, where peace and pros-
perity reign; and when I see a policy attempted
to be ingrafted, by a representative of a slave
State, the tendency of which is to place daggers
in the hands of our slaves, as well as torches to
burn down our dwellings, power to insult our
wives and children, and to break down the pros-
perity of my State, I should be recreant to the
duties I owe to my constituents if I were to re-
main silent.
But, sir, that gentleman was not content with
assailing the institutions of his own State, of his
own constituents, and of mine, which I have the
right to protect, but he charges that there is a
combination between the Executive and the Su-
preme Court of the United States. Sir, that court
is so high in the affections of the people, its char-
acter is so well established in the records of the
country, that I apprehend no assault of my col-
league will affect it. Mr. Chairman, I was edu-
cated in a school of politics which teaches that
this is a Government of checks and balances; that
we have an executive, legislative, and judicial
department; that these three departments are co-
ordinate and distinct; that one is not to encroach
on another. That court was established by the
constitutional power of our country; and it is one,
the chief justice of which, and the associate jus-
tices of which, hove placed themselves too high
for any man on this floor successfully to assail. I
consider it to be the duty of every good citizen to
obey the laws of the land; and I consider the deci-
sions of the Supreme Court upon these laws, and
the maintenance of those decisions, as the most
perfect guarantees of civil and political liberty.
My colleague, in the conclusion of his remarks,
stated that if this discussion did no other good,
it would awaken the attention of the southern
poor man; and that it was his pride to believe that
the State which he in part represented would lead
the column of emancipation. In my judgment,
this statement will not be verified. For the evi-
dence that this doctrine does not obtain in Mis-
souri, I turn the gentleman's attention to the cen-
sus tables.
How long have you been engaged in this unholy
work ? How long has the party with which my
colleague acts been striking at our institutions?
Yet how much have they effected ? The slave
population of our State has gone on increasing in
numbers and prosperity, just as though he were
not there, and these efforts of his party were not
made. Her march has not been delayed by the
machinations of those who have been recreant to
her interests.
Our policy is fixed in the affections of the peo-
ple. Tt is now as it was at the beginning. At the
inauguration of our State government, we had
great men at the helm. We had Benton, Barton,
Cook, Green, Finley, and others. They were
statesmen of no ordinary stature; they were pa-
triots and men of learning; they planted slavery as
one of our domestic institutions, and those who
came there to settle did so with the knowledge that
they were settling in a slave State. Our people
have lived and grown up with that institution;
and they have prospered under it. These latter
day saints, however, these young sprouts who have
grown upon the body politic, undertake to under-
mine and destroy the State's prosperity.
Just here, Mr. Chairman, I will state, m order
that Colonel Benton may have the benefit of it,
that he has claimed that the provision m the con-
stitution of Missiouri which I read was the work
of his hands; and this claim isgenerallyadmitted
to be just. He it was who ingrafted upon our
State government the guards for securing the prop*
erty of slaveholders against just such me,n as' my"
colleague. He it was who provided thattms prop-
erty should not be taken without due compensa-
tion to its owners. And this was the senthtient
of the people at the time of the formatiorf of our
State government, as will appear by the following
cxtract from the St. Louis Enquirer, edited at'the
time by Colonel Benton. The date of the paper
from which it is taken is October 28, 1819:
" Notwithstanding the great number of persons who are
held m cheek by the agitation of the slave question in Con-
gress, the emigration to Missouri is astonishingly great.>>rob-
nbly from thirty to fifty wagons daily cross the Mississippi
at the different ferries, and bring in an average of four to
five hundred souls a day. The emigrants are principally "
from Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and the States fur-
ther south. They bring with them great numbers of slaves,
knowing that Congress has no power to impose the agi-
tated restriction, and that the people of Missouri will never
adopt it."
That was the sentiment of the people at the
beginning, and we have lived up to it in Missouri
ever since. And I turn the attention of my col-
league to these words of Colonel Benton, whom
lie is endeavoring to imitate so far as his capacity
will permit. I refer him to the opinions of the
same distinguished statesman in the Panama-mis-
sion discussion. Colonel Benton stated in that
controversy, that the man who would undertake
to agitate the slave question in these Halls—any
one who would undertake to inaugurate the policy
of emancipation in a slaveholding State, was at-
tempting to reenact the scenes of San Domingo;
that such men come here with daggers in their
hands and hell in their hearts. These were the
sentiments of Colonel Benton, and they are the
sentiments of the people of our State.
I make these remarks, Mr. Chairman, because
I represent a people who are jealous of their rights
and who are loyal to this Union. The people of
Missouri have, indeed, upon every battle-field
where we have contended, upheld the flag of our
Union with all their might. The armies of the
United States have always had her full quota.
The people of my State are a law-abiding and
Union-loving people. They are educated and
intelligent,and are not ignorantof their true inter-
ests. Therefore, I supposed my colleagues from
Missouri, my colleague from St. Louis included,
would come here with the determination of stand-
ing fair before Congress, and ingratiating ourselves
with our fellow-members, so that we might assist
to secure the growing development of the great re-
sources of our State; thatwe would encourage the
people in their agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits to strengthen the arm of defense,without at-
teinpiing, on the contrary, to strike at the vitals of
the State, and to undermine her institutions. The
people of Missouri cherish the Union; and they
cherish, and will maintain with equal energy, their
own rights of property. They will never tamely
surrender to any fanaticism, nor will they permit
any one to undermine and to destroy their insti-
tutions.
My colleague's policy, in my judgment, strikes
at every institution of Missouri. He said, too,
in his speech, yesterday, that he would as soon
attempt to educate a negro slave for the St. Louis
bar as to educate one for any of the mechanical
pursuits to sit side by side to work with the white
mechanic. He said that he represented a constit-
uency who would spurn such an attempt. It is
well known that in the city of St. Louis, which
forms part of my colleague's congressional dis-
trict, numerous negro mechanics work side by side
with white mechanics. I could almost name shop
after shop where this is done. And I am not sure
that some of his own slaves are not mechanics,
and receiving hire in the shops of the State of
Missouri. I have been told by gentlemen living
in the city of St. Louis, (I do not speak of the fact
from personal knowledge,) that there are many
negro mechanics now working in that city, and
that is the case in other parts of the State as well
as in the city of St. Louis.
Gentlemen speak about this being a question
between free labor and slave labor. That is not
the question. Whenever you free the negroes,
then-it is that our fellow-citizens raise objection to
being put upon a level with free negroes. While
the labor is performed by slaves, our sons, our
brothers, and all our fellow-citizens, work in the
same field andin the same shop with slaves. They
