issa.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
him who holds it, until superior right is shown
in another, they are all of (hem predicated on the
idea that the seat is to be given to the claimant.
If I proposed to give the seat to the claimant, I
should undoubtedly be compelled to concede that
the claimant must show superior right before he
could get it. But I do>not so propose; and there-
fore the hypothesis on which the gentleman pred-
icates his argument is false.
Mr. GILMER. The argument I make is, that
the sitting member has a prima facie right, and
that his certificate under which he took the oath,
and his seat, retaihs him in his seat, until it is
shown by legal, competent, satisfactory testi-
mony, that there was such irregularity, illegality,
fraud, or mistake, as would satisfy the House
that the contestant would be elected if there had
been fair play; and unless he makes his case that
strong, lie is not reasonably entitled to oust the
sitting member.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to go into the discussion of this contested
election at length; but I desire, on behalf of the
State of Ohio, and as one of her Representatives,
to enter my caveat against what se^ms to have
been recognized as a proper construction of her
constitution, and the rights of voters under it. It
seems to have been granted on all hands, that,
under the authority of the Dred Scott decision,
no person having any African blood m his veins
is a voter under the constitution of Ohio. Now,
sir, I do not admit any such construction of our
constitution. I do not propose any discussion
of the Dred Scott decision. Everybody knows
that I do not subscribe to it. But I say, that con-
sistently with that decision, persons having more
than one half white blood, and less than one half
African blood, are legal voters under the consti-
tution and laws of Ohio.
Now, sir, for the purpose of the argument, I am
willing to concede that any person having any
Afi ican blood in his veins is hsld by the Supreme
Court of the United States not to be a citizen of
the United States so far as to entitle him to sue
in the courts of the United States or to entitle him
to any of the rights of citizenship under the laws
of the United States, because, under those laws,
the Federal authorities are supreme and sovereign.
But, sir, I do hold that the courts and constituted
authorities of the State of Ohio have a right, in
the last resort, to put a construction on their own
constitution, and on their own laws; and what-
ever is held by the Ohio courts to be a sound con-
struction of an Ohio law, or an Ohio constitu-
tion, is its true construction everywhere, and
wherever it maybe called in question; and the
United States Supreme Court is bound to follow it.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, under the constitution of Ohio, un-
naturalized foreigners are permitted to vote?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not. The consti-
tution of the State of Ohio, adopted in 1802, con-
tamed this provision in regard to the lights of suf-
frage. Sectionone,articlefour, has this provision:
"In all elections, all white male inhabitants shall be ad-
mitted to vote."
Under that constitution the question arose as
to what was a white male inhabitant within the
meaning of the constitution ?
In the 11th Ohio Reports, is a case to which I
would refer specially. An action was brought
against the trustees of a township, who are the''
judges of election, for refusing a party, who had
more than one half white blood, but who had some
African blood in his vemsi the right to vote. And
that brought the question directly to the court as
to what was a white person within the meaning
of the constitution of Ohio. The court held that
mulattoes were persons who were half white and
half black; that negroes were persons more than
half black; and that all who were more than half;
white were white persons within the meaning of
the constitution. The consiitution of 1851, in de- ;
scribing the qualifications of voters, provides that
all free white male citizens of the United States
shall be entitled to vote.
Now, I hold that for the purpose of determin-
ing what is a white citizen, the decisions of the
courts of Ohio are final and conclusive. Its au-
thorises are sovereign on that question; and I
hold that as to wbatis a white inhabitant or white
citizen, there is no difference between the construc-
tion of the constitution of 1802 and that of 1851.
It is all a construction of the term "white.'' That
decision has been repeated over*and over again, ;
so long as to b'ecome the settled and unquestioned |
law of the State on the construction of that term.
Now, sir, if I am not right in this—if the court
of Ohio cannot determine the question as to what ;
is the true construction of her constitution, her
Legislature cannot. Suppose the Legislature of
Ohio should pass a law providing that all persons
having more white than black blood in their veins
should be regarded as white citizens within the
meaning of the constitution, and be entitled to
vote: could it be said that, for the purpose of con-
trolling the right of suffrage within the State, the
Federal authorities have a right to put a different
construction on it? 1 hold not. Bear in mind,
sir, that I am notcalling in question, in this argu-
ment, the Dred Scott decision, or making any
question about the Constitution or laws of the
United States, or the courts of the United States
deciding whether any person having black blood"
cannot be a citizen. But I am holding that, the
courts of Ohio havingsettlcd that question, having
put a construction on the term " white,"as used
in her constitution, it is not competent for this
House or for Congress to put a difterent construc-
tion upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand
the gentleman as saying that the supreme court
of Ohio have ever decided that the term " free
white male citizens" means the same thing as
" white inhabitants ?"
Mr. STANTON. No, sir.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. These are the two
terms used in the two constitutions.
Mr. STANTON. That is true enough. Since
the adoption of the constitution of 1851. the ques-
tion has not arisen in the courts of Ohio; but the
argument 1 am making is, that the construction
of the term " white," in the second constitution,
must of necessity be the same as ill the first.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
state that the term "inhabitant" means the same
as " citizen of the United States?" because it is
necessary for him to beg that question before his
argument prevails.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all, sir. The ques-
tion is as to what is a white citizen of the United
States. I know that the Supreme Court of the
United States holds that there cannot be any such
thing as a citizen of the United States that has
African blood in his veins; but my point is, that
for the purpose of conferring the right of suifrage
and other rights of citizenship, the State author-
ities, the State Legislature, and the State courts,
have a right to determine what is a white male
citizen. Certainly they have said what is a white
man. I would like to know how the term " white"
can be construed in one constitution differently
from the same term in another constitution ?
Mr. DAY1S, of Maryland. I wish to ask my
friend from Ohio one question. The qualifications
of voters for members of this House arc declared
by the Constitution to be the same as those of
electors for the lowest branch of the State Legis-
lature. Now I desire to ask whether, by the con-
struction which is given to the law or Constitution
in Ohio, persons of half white and half negro
blood are allowed to vote for members of the most
numerous branch of the Legislature?
Mr. STANTON. All persons having moi;e
white than negro blood are, by the construction
which is given in Ohio, considered as white per-
sons, and are allowed to vote at all elections.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me to inquire whether the courts of Ohio
have ever decided, under the constitution of that
State, which was adopted in 1851, that the term
" white" is applicable to a person having more
white than black blood, though he may have Af-
rican blood in his veins?
! Mr. STANTON. I have already stated, that
! so far as I know, there have been no decisions of
j the courts under the constitution of 1851; but the
I provision of that constitution is susceptible only
| of the same construction as that of the old one,
| and the practice under it has been in conformity
to that construction.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to submit a very
few words in regard to this contested-election
case. It is no part of my purpose here at this
time to enter into any discussion touching negro
suffrage or the qualifications of electors in the
State "of Ohio. But, sir, I desire to present a
single question of fact htie, fui the consideration
; of the House; and that is that there is no 1
j proof that the contestant was elected, or even
j tending to show that ho was elected. If; by the
| testimony adduced by the contestant, or by that
; adduced by the sitting member,it had been made
j apparent that the contestant was in fact elected
| by a majority of the legal voters of the third con-
; gressional district of Ohio, he should have my
j vote for a seat in this House." f am willing, if ~
; gentlemen can show that question to be decided
| by the proof in favor of the contestant, to record
I my vote in his favor, and against the' sitting mera-
j bcr. But that has not been shown, nor can it be
j shown upon any testimony before the House,
j Sir, 1 think the contestant manifested great wis-
! dom when, in his labored speech at the opening
! of this discussion, he stated to the House that he
| would not dwell upon the facts of the case. In the
| absence of proven facts, it throws no light upon
; the question now before us for the contestant to
tell the House what have been the rulings of the
British Parliament in cases of contested elections
upon the admission of heresay testimony. How-
ever successful the gentleman may have been in
his researches upon this head, his array of ancient
British precedents and modern instances throws
| no light upon the question who received thelarg-
I est number of legal votes in the third congres-
I sional district of Ohio. Instead of citing here at
I great length nice decisions which have been made
] upon questions of evidence in contested cases, the
j gentleman would have greatly obliged some of us
j if he had laid his finger upon the facts, the legally
| proven facts, upon which he based his assumeti
' conclusions that he received a majority of the
votes given by qualified electors of the third con-
gressional district of Ohio. 1 should have been
especially obliged to him if he had pointed dis-
tinctly and plainly to the facts proving that my
colleague [Mr. Campbell] received nineteen votes
less than were counted and certified to him in the
official returns. That is the question in the case,
and that is the question upon which, unhappily,
the gentleman failed to give us any light. I chal-
lenge him, or any of his friends, to point out any
i testimony that would be admitted in a justices'
I court in acase involving the worth ofajack-knife,
! much less in a case like this, showing, or tending
! to show, that my colleague received a single ille-
! gal vote which was counted for him in the official
! returns. I defy the gentleman to do it. The proof
i is not there.
i I have looked into this case with some degree
| of care. I do not intend to delay theHousewith
! many remarks upon the subject; but I do ask
the attention of the House to the character of
proofs upon which it is sought, by the votes of
this Hons", to oust the sitting member, and to
elect a man to a seat here from the third congres-
sional district of Ohio, contrary to the expressed
will of a majority of the legal voters of that dis-
trict.
I shall not raise any question as to the validity
or sufficiency of the notice, though I think that
therein a grave question is involved. I waive all'
that, and call the attention of the House to the
facts, as they appear, in proof. What are the
facts, as they appear from the poll-books, the ab-
stract of which is duly certified? That my col-
league, the sitting member, received nine thou-
sand three hundred and thirty-eight votes, and
that the contestant at that election received nine
j thousand three hundred and nineteen votes. This
1 official and legal evidence, this abstract of there-
■ turns made by the county officers of the several
! counties in the third congressional district of
Ohio, proves that the sitting member [Mr. Camp-
bell] received a majority of nineteen of the legal
votes cast at that election.
How is this proven fact to be got rid of? My
colleague is here with the certificate of the Gov-
ernor"of the State, issued in pursuance of law,
certifying that fact to the House, and upon that
I he is sworn m, and takes his seat. How is that
! certificate, undfr thf; great seal of the Suite, to be
i got rid of? Why, by raising a mist, in the first
I place, about votes having been given for my col-
i league by legal voters, non-residents of the ward
! in which they voted. The fact that these per-
' sons voted atall is attempted to be proved, not by
the best evidence which the nature of the case ad-
mits of, (which is the only legal evidence,) but it
is attempted to be proved, as everything else in
the case is attempted by the contestant to be proved,
