2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL (GLOBE.
May 22,
by illegal testimony, and that which cannot be
held admissible for any purpose, except it might
be to corroborate otherand better testimony—tes-
timony*, sir, which would not be admitted in any
court of justice whatever; the mere declarations
of men that other men had declared that third
persons had said that they voted in a given ward,
and that they voted for Campbell. It is in vain
that the learned^ounsei for the contestant, a brief
of whose argument was filed, and is published
with the testimony in this case, attempts to show
that the poll-books of this election were not rec-
ords,, and that it was therefore not necessary to
produce them before the committee, as the best
proof of the fact that certain persons voted at that
election in certain wards, I put it to every mem-
ber of this House, whether the poll-books are not
record evidence, and (if the poll-books be not tech-
nically records) whether they* afe not written
evidence of the fact which it is attempted to be
proved, and whether they are not the best evi-
dence of the fact of voting? They show, and they
are the only legal evidence to show that A, B, or
C, voted at that election, being written evidence,
made and sworn to by the officers of the law, and
pursuant to the requirements of the same. They
are best evidence of the fact that any person voted;
and, being accessible, they are the primary legal
evidence of that fact, and, in the absence of that
proof, secondary evidence cannot be received, and
ought not to be.
I submit that the learned gentleman in his la-
bored argument this morning, entnely failed to
prove that the best evidence which the ease ad-
mits of can be dispensed with. That is the point
I make. 1 say it, and I say it without the least
fear of contradiction, that the poll-books certified
to by the officers of election, in which are written
the name of every voter who cast his vote at that
election, are the best evidence which the nature
of the case admits of, and were accessible to the
contestant. Surely this wiitten evidence would be
moiesatisfactory than thedeciarations of any man
or set of men can be, who stood by the polls and
saw, or thought they saw, one or live hundred men
cast their votes. There was no difficulty in pro-
curing this written proof in order to lay the found- \\
ation for the other proofs as to the qualifications ■:
of the electors. That written proof is not fur- t
nished. For what purpose is it omitted ' What ■
excuse can be given for not making it ? Does not j
every man know that the testimony of the legal i
custodians of these poll-hooks could Jiavc been !
taken, that they could have been compelled to tes-
tify and set out eveiy name that jw therein ie- >
corded or written ? Every man understands that, i
They could have been compelled to set out as a ■
part of their depositions full copies of the poll- J
books, and thereby show the name ofevery single
elector returned by the officers of that election as .
having voted at any poll within that district. :
Every man knows that, but it has not been done. j
. Again, I ask, why was it not done? The bur- i
den of proof is upon the contestant; and it was i
his duly to furnish the best evidence—the written i
Kvid^ncc. Hearsay testimony is introduced, in-
stead ofthc written proof, for the purpose of show- ;
ing that sundry minors voted at that election, j
"What is the effect of that hearsay testimony, after !
we have got it? The House might as well not j
have been detained or troubled with it at all. .
What is the result of it? Simply that three minors j
voted for Mr. Campbell, and four (4) for the con- j
testant! The strongest view that can be taken of ;
this case for the contestant is the view expressed !
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar.] j
The gentleman from Mississippi, and three of his ;
associates upon the committee, have come to the !
conclusion that the contestant has the better claim I
to the seat, upon the hem say testimony m the j
case. They state, in then- published views of the j
case, that they find in this proof that of minors |
three voted for Mr. Campbell, and four for Mr. I
Vallandigham. That does not reduce Mr. Camp-
bell's majority, but increases it one vote! Why,
then, did the contestant trouble the House with
proof on that point? If you take three from the
nineteen majority reponed for Air. Campbell, and
four from the vote for Mr. Vallandigham, it will
increase the majority of Mr. Campbell to twenty;
so that, instead of making out a case against the
record and certificate of election, it makes a case
m favor of the record and certificate ! So much
for that point.
The next point made by the contestant, and to
support which, he produces his hearsay proof, is
that persons of unsound mind, who are disquali-
fied by law, voted at that election. His hearsay
proof results in this: that three persons of un-
sound mind voted on each side. The result is
not changed; notwithstanding that proof, my col-
league 's majority is still twenty. So much for that
proof! The next point raised, (and I cannot see
what earthly object he had in view in getting up
proofs of this kind, unless it was to mislead some-
body), is that alitns, who were disqualified by the
laws of Ohio, voted at thatelection. In my judg-
ment, and I will state it here, in passing, no State
has the right to confer the elective franchise for
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature,
much less for Representatives in Congress, upon
aliens, for the reason that the exercise of any such
authority by the State, orby any State Legislature
is in direct conflict with the laws of the United
States regulating the naturalization of aliens and
their admission to citizenship, anywhere within
the United States. Under, and by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States, the elective fran-
chise is the guarantied and exclusive right of the
citizen; and a State Constitution, or State law,
which confers that franchise upon aliens, is in
conflict with that provision of the constitution of
the United States which says that, this " Consti-
tution, and the laws made in pursuance thereof,
shall be the supreme law of the land, the consti-
tution and laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding. " A compliance with the naturaliza-
tion Jaws of the United States, is, in my judgment,
indispensable to the legal enfranchisement of
aliens in any State of the Union!
I hold, therefore, that the aliens who voted at
this election were disqualified, irrespective of any
State lav/ (if any had existed) on the subject. But
what does the contestant make by his proof that
aliens voted? By his hearsay proof it turns out
that three aliens voted for Campbell, and three
for Vallandigham. Afterpassingthrough with the
proofs about minors, after pas'smg through with
the proofs about aliens, after passing through with
the proofs of persons of unsound mind, we are
just were we started, except, if anything is to be
done, that one vote is to he counted additional in
favor of the sitting member.  
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. It seems to me, from what 1 can learn, that
theie is a discrimination made between the old
| constitution of Ohio and the new one which was
adopted in 1851, on the subject of suffrage. Is the
gentleman able to inform me from his own knowl-
edge, whether any class of colored persons who
exercised the right of suffrage before 1851, have
1 been excluded by reason of the adoption of the
new constitution >
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
. man, that I have no personal information on the
; subject; but, I understand that the practice has
| been precisely under the constitution of 1851 what
j it was under the constitution of 1802; that is, that
! native persons resident in the State, of more than
j half white blood, are allowed to vote.
j After disposing of the case, as it appears,
| touching the votes given by minors, by poisons
I of unsound nnnd, and by aliens, 1 come to another
I pQint raised by the contestant, and that is as to
1 the votes of non-residents of the ward in which
i they are alleged to have voted. The report on
I that subject of the gentleman from Mississippi
I and his three associates—and I think that they
report correctly—stares that two non-residents of
the ward voted for Vallandigham, and none for
the sitting member. If you come, then, to strike
a Imlance between these gentlemen, the contest-
ant and my colleague, under these four heads, in-
stead of my colleague [Mr. Campbell] having a
majority of nineteen over the contestant, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] he has, in fact, a majority of
twenty-two.
Now, sir, there are three other points made by
the contestant, and on which he has adduced his
hearsay proof. One is in regard to non-residents
of the country who voted at that election; one is
in regard to non-residents of the State who voted
at that election; and another is in regard to mu-
lattoes or negroes who voted at thatelection. Those
are the three and only remaining points. For the
purposes of my argument, 1 might consent here
that the six non-residents of the county who are
reported on this hearsay proof to have voted at
that election, did vote*as claimed. Did they all
vote for the sitting member ? Waiving my objec-
tion to this secondary proof, in the absence of the
poll-books, which furnish the best evidence of the
fact whether these six men voted at all; admitting,
in the absence of the legal proof, that they did vote
as claimed, and that they voted for my colleague,
[Mr. Campbell,] how does the record stand? It
stands, even with that admission, upon the proof
of the contestant, at six less than twenty-two
majority, leaving sixteen majority for the sitting
member, [Mr. Campbell.]
What next? Allowing, in the absence of the
legal proof to be furnished by thepoll-books, that
negroes and mul&ttoesto the number of fifteen, as
claimed, did, in fact, vote at that election, and al-
lowing still further, in the absence of proof, that
theydid vote forCampbell, itstill leaves Campbell
a majority of one over the contestant, and that
too upon the showing of the four gentlemen of
the committee, who report here most favorably
fo&the contestant, [Mr. Vallandigham.]
What point, then, remains of the case? Only
the point that, votes of non-residents of the State
were given at that election. I will dispose of that
point briefly. I dispose of it in this way. The
gentlemen who reported favorably for the con-
testant [Mr. Vallandigham] found it very con-
venient m their printed argument or report to re-
fer to the testimony of persons relied on to prove
the fact that fifteen negroes did vote at that elec-
tion for Mr. Campbell, while they found it very
inconvenient to refer to the testimony of a single
man who shows the fact that a non-resident of
the State, of any name whatever, voted at that
election, much less that any such non-resident,
voted for the sitting member, [Mr. Campbell.] I
undertake to say upon that point—because the
whole case is now narrower! down to that—that
no man who looks candidly at this record can
come to the conclusion that the fact is proved.
Having, by conceding facts to be proved, which
are not proved, reached the point of the votes of
non-residents of the State, and upon which the
whole case turns, after conceding all that has been
assumed by and for the contestant, 1 plant myself
upon the principle of common law and common
sense, and which, in spite of the parliamentary
cases cited by the contestant from the English
cases, prevails in all bodies which sit in judgment
upon anybody's or any community's rights—
that the best evidence which the nature of the case
admits of must be adduced.
I say,then,in relation tothefact, whether thirty-
one non-residents of the State of-Ohio, or any
greater or less number of such non-residents, voted
at that election, the best evidence that any one or
more of such persons so voted is the written evi-
dence £>f a fact which the law of the State auth-
orized and required to bo made out at the time of
the transaction, under oath, by the judges and
clerks of the election, and which was deposited in
pursuance of that law, at the offices of the clerk
of the common pleas of the respective counties of
the district, and which is there preserved. I sub-
mit it to the common sense and candor of every
gentleman upon all sides of the House, whether
that written evidence is not more reliable than the
slippery, treacherous memory of a thousand wit-
nesses who stood, mingling with the throng, at
the election, and partaking of the cxcitcment of
that day, and who have nothing but their memory
to rely upon, to prove the fact that those persons
did, in fact, vote at all?
That evidence is not produced in this case; and
I say the fact that thn ty non-residents did vote at
that election is not proved, though there is hear-
say evidence to that effect, while the best evidence
is withheld. It rested on the contestant to make
out his case by the best evidence, and until he
does so, the House should not set aside the au-
thority of the great seal of Ohio, by which my
colleague holds his seat. The contestant has
given no excuse for failing to produce it-—the
written proofs, the best evidence. He has intro-
duced by way of apology for this neglect, through
ins counsel, a futile evasion, by having them say
: in his behalf, that the poll-books are not records.
They are written evidence, open to inspection,
j and, as I remarked before, everybody knows that
| the custodians of that written evidence were liable,
I by compulsory process, to be compelled to pro-
!' dace it, and, in their depositions, to set out the
\ names of every voter therein recorded. Such
