218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Mr. MASON. I certainly do not mean to con-
vey any such impression in anyway in the world.
I say the Constitution has conferred the command
of the Army and Navy upon him, and that the
laws have directed how they shall be used. I do
not say he has discretion regardless of the law.
Another position of the honorable Senator is,
that the President has no power to order an arrest
to be made; and yet the honorable Senator states
that,under the law, the military power may be used
for the purpose of preventing the departure of
these expeditions from our ports. How can they
be prevented from departing unless by exercising
the power of arrest? Whether the President can
direct a naval officer to seize a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, or one who has left the United States,
not a citizen, upon the high seas, is a question
worthy of consideration. It is one of those ques-
tions which I presume must be considered upon
this reference. I do not mean to go into the gen-
eral policy, because I do not think this the appro-
priate time,further than to say thus much: as far
as my opinions are concerned I regard it as the
incumbent duty of the President to see that the
neutrality laws are fully executed, and we never
have had a more striking instance of the wisdom
and expediency of those laws in preserving the
public peace than the extraordinary attempts
which have been made by this man, Walker, as
I fear, to bring them into jeopardy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make but a
single remark. The President imputes to Com-
modore Paulding a " grave error" in the Capture
of Walker and his men. I think, sir, that, from
the President's own premises, such a conclusion
is altogether illegal, and that, on the contrary, his
conduct has been as conformable to law as his
motives are supposed by the President to have
been patriotic. The President says that Nicara-
gua, as the act was done for her benefit, can have
no cause to complain, and will not complain.
Then it was no breach of the neutrality of her
territory. U was in itself no such breach. It was
not one of those entries which constitute a vio-
lation of the neutrality of her territory. He says,
that Walker and his followers have no right to
complain. Of what error, then, has Commodore
Paulding been guilty? I rose simply to say, that
from the President's own just view of all other
parts of this subject, it does most manifestly ap-
pear that his conclusion in imputing error of con-
duct to Commodore Paulding is altogether cno-
neous and illogical from his own premises.
Mr. BROWN. This question, Mr. President,
stands where I have apprehended for the last three
or four days it would stand. The President of
the United States disapproves of the arrest of
Walker, and excuses it. He disapproves of it
on the ground that the arrest was in violation of
law; and if it was, 1 hold that he has no right to
excuse it. If Commodore Paulding had the right
to arrest Walker in Nicaragua, his conduct ought
not only to be excused, but it ought to be ap-
plauded. If, however, he had no legal right to do
that act, the President of the Republic owes it to
the people, whose President he is, to condemn it
If Walker has been guilty of any violation of
law, and has been arrested and brought back to
our shores as a fugitive from justice, why is he
not put in the clutches of the law? Why is he
brought to New York, placed m the hands of the
marshal, brought here, and offered to the Gov-
ernment, and then set at liberty ? Why is he not
curried to Louisiana by the same authority which
arrested him, and there put upon his trial on tins
charge of violating the law' Sir, this is a farce
being played out before the American people, dis-
reputable to all who are engaged in it. There
has been no violation of law. Those who have
trumped up the charge against Walker know that
there has been no violation of law. Jf they be-
lieve that lie has violated the law, then they are
grossly derelict in duty in not returning him to
Louisiana, that he may be tried under the law
and convicted of the offense whereof he stands
charged. Uut he is not sent there, and that is an
admission that he is not guilty, and that a con-
viction cannotbe procured. Then he has not been
brought here to answer to any indictment; for if
he has, I charge again that those who brought
him here are not discharging their duty.
Now, sir, I hold this to be true: that the fitting
out of an expedition in violation of the neutrality
laws, is one thing; that the voluntary expatria-
tion of a citizen, is altogether another and a dif-
ferent thing. If Walker has fitted out an expe-
dition against Nicaragua, or any other country at
peace with the United States, he has violated the
law; but if he has girt his arms about him and
voluntarily gone aboard a ship going to the coast
of Nicaragua, avowing to all the world that he
was going there to wage war against the Gov-
ernment, I hold he had the right to do so. In that
there is no fitting out of an expedition. I hole}
it to be my right under the law, to-day, to take
my musket upon my shoulder, go and tell the
President and his Secretary of War, his district
attorneys and his marshals, everywhere, that I
mean, thusaccoutered, to go and take part against
Nicaiagua, and they have no power to arrest me.
If one has the right to go, two, three, four, five,
or even five hundred have the right in the same
manner, each going upon his individual account.
1 will tell you, sir, where I think the mistake
in this whole matter lies. The Government is
attempting to punish what the law never contem-
plated should be punished—the intention to fit
out an expedition beyond the limits of the United
Statesmadeofmaterialsgathered within the limits
of the United States. The expedition must be fitted
out here; it must be fitted out upon your soil; it
must be an entirety before the law takes cognizance
of it. I holdthateach individual has therightto
go away, and that you have no power to arrest
him. The intention to go beyond the limits of
the United States, there to fit out and equip an
expedition, is not a violation of the law. You
have in this District a law punishing the intention
to go beyond the limits of the District of Colum-
bia to fi^ht a duel; but, until you had that law,
parties did go beyond the limits of the District, and
did fight duels, without being amenable to your
anti-dueling law. It is your last anti-dueling law
on the statute-book that has taken cognizance of
the intention, and punished it. So, sir, if you had
a law to punish the intention to take the material
from the United States to fit out an expedition
beyond the limits of the Union, you might get
hold of Walker—for that is all that he has done.
He has gathered his material in New York, New
Orleans, and Mobile, and perhaps other points;
he has taken them man by man beyond the limits
of the Union, and there fitted out his expedition,
and gone to Nicaragua, in that, there has been
no violation of law, because there is nothing in
the law to punish the intention to fit out an ex-
pedition, if the expedition was fitted out beyond
the Union.
I have a word to say, now, as to the conduct of
these naval officers. I have as high a regard for
the Navy, I think, as any other citizen; T honor
its exploits in every conflict in which we have
been engaged; but if anything can bring reproach,
eternal disgrace, upon the Navy, it seems to me
that it is this precise transaction. First, we have
Commander Chatard, who lets Walker pass him;
and then, seeming to have a glimmering of an idea
that he had mistaken his duty, he undeitakes to
recover his lostground by resorting to all the little,
petty, low, dirty, mean attempts that could be in-
vented, to insult him in his camp; evidently, by
his own letter, trying to provoke Walker into a
conflict j that he might have an excuse to fire upon
him. Then Commodore Paulding comes up; and
he, a man of npe years, who might be supposed
to know something of his duty under the law, does
what all the world knows, and what I need not
repeat here, and does it m the most ungracious
way. He writes to the Government, admitting
that he had not instructions to do what he did; but
assuming that Walker and his man were pirates
and outlaws, he writes such a letter as ought
eternally to fix the seal of disgrace and condem-
nation on lnm. His letter, in my judgment, is a
disgrace to the epaulets which he wears upon his
shoulders.
While I am on this point, I may as well say
what I feel and think: that it is high time our
naval ofliccis should be confined within the dis-
charge of their duties according to law. There is
too much disposition to exceed the law, by one
and all of them. In my opinion, the President—
and no man knows better than he how reluctantly
I say so; but I will say what I think, let the con-
sequences be to myself, or anybody else, what
they may—would better have discharged Ins duty
to the law, and to the best interests of the coun-
try, by pointedly rebuking the lawless act of
Commodore Paulding, than by excusing it. Look-
ing everywhere, I see naval officers disposed to
exceed their authority. You cannot send one of
them abroad to perform the slightest com mission,
but he gets beyond his instructions, launches into
the open sea of extravagance, and entails upon
you any amount of expense and trouble.
I am not going into that question; but I could
Eoint out instance after instance where this has
een the case. It is high time that naval officers
should be restrained within the letter of their in-
structions, and made to feel and know that they
must obey the law. The way to make them do
it, is not to follow out the advice of the President,
and say that the act of Paulding was in violation
of the law and then wink at it. That will but
encourage a still further violation of the law. I
would prefer seeing it punished—summarily and
properly punished. It is one of those offenses
against the laws of the country which demand
punishment. The President cannot excuse it on
the ground that Nicaragua does not complain. It
is not for us to violate our laws when Nicaragua
does not complain, and to execute them when she
does complain. Our duty is to the law. If Pauld-
ing has discharged his duty according to the law,
let him be applauded; and if he has not, let him
be condemned.
It is no excuse, to me, to say thatNicaraguadoea
not complain. That suggestion opens up a wide
field for investigation. I might reply that Walker
had been invited into that country to take part in
a civil war, that the party with whom he acted
had triumphed, that he was lawfully electcd Pres-
ident of the Republic of Nicaragua, that his Gov-
ernmentde/actohad been recognized by theUnited
States; and that, by the interference of another
I naval officer, he had been brought out of the coun-
try. True, it was said then that it was a matter of
grace to him. How thatwas,I am not now going to
inquire. But he was here claiming to be the right-
i ful President of the Republic of Nicaragua. Pa-
triotic men—not lawless and piratical men, as is
now charged, but patriotic men—in the southern
and southwestern States, in the western and the
northern States, said: C( We will join you, and go
and help you to snatch back again the rights which
have been lawlessly taken from you." I might
go into all that, and show that Walker, the rec-
ognized de facto President of Nicaragua, was but
pursuing, as he had a legal right to do, the recov-
ery of that which had been lawlessly taken from
him when he was thus arrested. But all that is
unnecessary in this stage of the investigation, the
present point being as to whether the President
ought to say that Commodore Paulding had vio-
lated the law, and then undertake to excuse him
for violating the law.
If this principle is to be carried out, the execu-
tion of the law is to depend on the outside opinion
of the executors of the law. If the Executive
thinks the violation of the law, in that particular
[ instance, was right, he is to wink at it and let it
go unwhipped of punishment. He is only to
punish the offender when, in his judgment, the
thing was wrong intrinsically. I do not under-
stand that to be the proper obedience to law, nor
a proper execution of law. If it can be shown
I that Paulding acted within the law, either written
■ or unwritten, then let him be excused; but if not,
; then let him be condemned, whether we applaud
! his conduct or not. I might think it a very good
- thing to have some fellow killed that I thought
i better out of the world than in it; but suppose the
assassin goes and puts the dagger in his heart; am
i, as judge on the bench, to say to him, " My
dear fellow, I cannot exactly say you did right in
killing him, because you violated the law; but,
inasmuch as I think the rascal ought to have
I been killed, I will let you go." That will not
; do. Such logic as that brings us to the end of all
• law.
t For these and other reasons which I may take
! occasion to assign hereafter, I cannot indorse this
; message. I am exceedingly reluctant to dissent
| from any views expressed by the President, and
! especially so m the present condition of our public
! affairs; but I care notwho is President; when doc-
  tnnos are promulgated m antagonism to what I
j believe to be right, I will express the conviction
of my own mind.
, Upon this point I will do the Senator from Illi-
| nois [Mr. Douglas] a little justice. While I did
! not agree with him in anything that he said, I did
