1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Kentucky, by convention, in 1799.
Arkansas, by convention, without enabling act.
(See Revised Statutes of Arkansas, pages 17-48.)
Missouri, by convention, in 1820, and not sub-
mitted to the people.
Illinois, by convention, in 1818; also appears
not to have been submitted to the people.
Many gentlemen on ttiis floor who now com-
plain that this constitution of Kansas was not
submitted to the people, represent States whose
first constitutions were not so submitted. There
is a great difference between submitting a second
constitution made by a State, and the original
constitution. There is a much greater necessity
for submitting a new constitution, msde in an old
State, than there is for submitting the original con-
stitution. If, in Missouri or New York, where the
people have lived under established forms of gov-
ernment, they undertake to change those forms,
it is an additional reason why the people should
have an opportunity of passing upon their consti-
tution.
But, sir, in this case, the submission of the con-
stitution to the people is an after thought. I ask
gentlemen who voted for the admission of Kansas
under the Topeka constitution, why they did so ?
Mr. STANTON. That was submitted to a
vote of the people, as I understand.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Submitted after it
was sent here.
Mr. STANTON. Oh, no.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the attention
of gentlemen here who urge that Kansas ought not
to be admitted because the constitution was not
submitted to the people, and particularly my Dem-
ocratic friends who oppose the admission of Kan-
sas, to the position taken two years ago, nay, one
year ago, by the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] who now heads the opposi-
tion to the admission of Kansas. The committee
will remember—it has.been heard here over and
over again—that the distinguished Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] introduced a bill to ena-
ble the people of Kansas to form a constitution
and State government preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union, which contained a provision
that the constitution, so to be formed, was to be
submitted to the people. That bill, coming from a
committee of which Senator Douglas was chair-
man, did not, however, become a law. But to
prove that it was not the intention of that Sena-
tor to have that constitution submitted, that pro-
vision requiring submission was stricken out in
the committee. I now come to the action of the
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas. That
body provided for the holding of a convention to
form a constitution and State government. Gov-
ernor Geary vetoed that law, and it was passed
by a constitutional majority over his head. He
gave as a reason for not signing the bill, that there
was no provision in it for submitting the consti-
tution to be formed to the people. But, sir, the
act was passed, and became a law in spite of the
veto of Governor Geary, thus declaring in the
most authoritative form that it was not the inten-
tion of the people that the constitution to be formed
should be submitted to them for their ratification.
It is the right of the people to declare for them-
selves in what form this constitution shall bo rati-
fied Congress can only admit States. They have
no right to attach anything to or to take anything
from it. The sovereign people have the absolute
right to form their own government in their own
way, and when so formed, all Congress can do is
to determine whether that constitution is repub-
lican in form, and admit or reject. That is my
duty as a Representative on this floor, and it is a
duty I intend to peiform. J
But we are told that the people of Kansas have
been oppressed; that they have been annoyed;
that they have been defrauded; that the people
from slave States have crowded in upon them:
that they have prevented the rightful citizens of
that Territory from voting. Yet, sir, that is the
argument which comes from a side of the House
which claims, according to some of them, four to
one, and by others ten to one, in that Territory :
of free-State men. Could not that large major-i
itv protect themselves against the small minority J
winch they say only exists in that Territory m ,
opposition to them > Will they submit tamely to j
be overpowered by a small minority? But, say i
these gen tie men, they never did commit any frauds. ,
Oh, no; no frauds were ever committed by them. I
I ask the gentlemen on the other side of the House
to say who the free-State party ran for Delegate
to this House, from that Territory, at the time
Whitfield was first elected ? Where did he live r
Who was he ? How long had he resided in the
Territory ? He came up on one boat. He went
back by the first boat after the election; and h^s
never been seen in the Territory since. He camc
to the Territory for a specific purpose, as did
many who voted for him; and when that purpose
failed in being accomplished, they left the Terri-
tory in disgust, and never entered it again. They
remind me a good deal of an old lady who went
to consult a lawyer upon the complaint that the
whole town had been slandering her. When the
lawyer told her that there was no cause of action,
the old lady wept bitterly; but before she left the
office the lawyer asked her what she had been
saying about other people. (< Why," said she,
" I have been so busy in finding out what other
people said, that 1 have never thought of what 1
was doing myself." Now, sir, these free-State
men are in precisely the same condition of the old
iady.
Sir, let Senator Douglas speak what these free-
State men did and how they acted. In his report
to the Senate, upon this subject, that honorable
Senator said:
u In order to give consistency and efficiency to this move-
ment, and sunound it with the color of leg*) authouiy, an
act of incorporation was procured from the Legislature of
Massachusetts, in which it was piovided, in -the first sec-
tion, that twenty persons therein named, and their 'associ-
ates, successors, and assign?, are hereby made a corpora-
tion, by the. name of the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Com-
pany, for the purpose of assisting emigrants to settle in the
West; and for this purpose they shall have all the poweis
and ptiviloges5and be subject to all the duties, restrictions,
and liabilities set forth m the 38th and 44th chapters of the
revised statutes' of Massachusetts.
" The second section limited the capital stock of the com-
pany to five millions of dollars, arid authorized the whole
to be invested in real and personal estate, with the proviso
that' the said corporation shall not hold real estate in this
Commonwealth (Massachusetts) to an amount exceeding
twenty thousand dollars.5
" The third section provided for dividing the stock of the
coiporauon into shares of one hundred dollars chcIi, and
proscribed the mode, time, and amount* in winch assess-
ments might bo made on each share.
" The fourth and last section was in these woids :
" -'At all meetings of the stockholders, each stockholder
I shall be entitled to cast one vote for each share held by hnu :
I Provided, That no stockholder s-hall be entitled to oast more
j than fifty vote?; on shares held by himself, nor more than
| fitty votes by proxy.'
1 Organization, objects and plan of operations of the Em-
! igrant Aid Company; also, a description of Kansas, for the
| information of eimgiants.
j Trustee<i—Amos A. Lawrence, Boston; J. M. S. Wil-
| lianis. Cambridge ; Eli Thayer, Worcester.
! Treasure?—Amos A. Lawrence.
i " ( Secretary —Thomas II. Webb, Boston.
"'For the purpose of answeim? numerous communiea-
• tions concerning the plan of opeiatton&of the Emigrant Aid
Company, and the ie ources of Kansas Teiritory, winch it
is proposed now to settle, the seeietaiy of the company has
deemed it expedient to publish the following definite in-
t'oimation in legaui to thi-paiticiilar' *
"'For *he.-c purposes it is recommended. 1st. That the
trustees eontiact immediately with some one of the com-
peting lines of travel for the conveyance of twenty thou-
sand persons fiom Ma^-achu^'fts to that place m the West
I which the trustees shall select foi their first settlement '
j '•4 It in i ecomin^nded that the company's agent", locate and
, take up, toi the eonip.nn's benefit, the se ctions of land m
! winch the boarding-hoUNe.-! and nulls ate located, and no
i othcis. And fmihet. whenever the Teiritory shall be or-
■ ganized as a free Widte, the tiustees shall dispose of their
; fntereNt-« there, replace by the sates the money laid out,
j <!eela;e a dividend to the stockholders, and that thev then
; se'ect a new field, and make similar arrangements tor the
I settlement ami organisation of another free State of this
- With the advantages attained by such a system of effort,
: the Teiritory selected as the scene of operation^ would, it
in believed be filled up wirii free inhabitants ' * T * ;
4 Tliei e is reckon to suppose several thousand men of j
New Enghmd origin propose to emigrate under the auspices (
of some-'iich ariangement, this veiy summer. Oi th< whole r
emigraxon from Europe, amounting to some four hundred I
thousand persons, there can be no difficulty in inducing j:
some thirty o: forty thousand to take the same dneciion."
" Wm-n'the emigrants sent out by the Massachusetts Km- M
igrant Aid Company, and their affiliated societies, passed
through the State of Missouri in latge numbers on their way
to Kansas, the violence of their language, and the uninw- \
takal'ie indications of their determined hostility to the do- j!
mesne institutions of that State, created apprehensions that r,
the object of the company tvas to aboliuonize K.msas as a ''
means of prosecuting a relentless waifare upon the mstilu- ^
lion5* of slavery within the limits of Missouri. These appre- j t
hensions increased and spread with the progress of events, n
until thev became the settled convictions ot the people ol n
that portion of the State most exposed to the danger by their j j
proximity to the Kansas bolder. The natural consequence ,j
was, that immediate steps were taken by the people of the ;;
western counties of Missouri to stimulate, organize, and j.
carry into effect a system of emigration similar to thatot m
the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company, for the avowed ()
purpose of counteracting the effects, and protecting them-
selves and their domestic institutions from the conse-
quences, of that company's operations. ,
" The material difference in the character of the two rival,
and conflicting movements consists in the fact .tbat the mic,
had its origin m an aggressive, and the other in a defensive
policy. The one was organized in pursuance of the provis-
ions and claiming to act under the authority Of a legislative"
enactment of a distant State, whose interna! prosperity and
domestic security did not depend upon the success,of tj*e:
movement; while the other was the spontaneous action of
the people living in the immediate vicinity of the theater of
operations, excited, by a sense of common danger, to the
necessity of protecting their own firesides from flie-apprcs- -
hended horrors of servile insurrection and intestine war."
They came under theauspicesofagreatemigraftt
1 aid society,formed, as I understand, in the Stale,
j ofMassachusetts, and chartered by the Legislature
f of Massachusetts, with a capital of millions of dol-
! lars. They went there with secret oaths, and, as ,
j they wont up the Missouri river, openly boasted
| that they would first make Kansas a free State, -
! and then drive the slaves out of Missouri or free
| them. These men were sent there with cannon,
with small arms, and munitions of war. Well,
sir, the people of Missouri on the borders of Kan-
sas, who had an interest in slave property, natu-
rally became a little excited, and as the free-State
men had announced their purpose to go^over into
Missouri when they had made Kansas a free.
State, it was but natural that they should fee!
some interest in thwarting their purpose. They
succeeded to some extent; and then the free-State
men, like the gambler who commenced the game
with the intention of cheating, when he found
himself out-cheated, cried out,44 There's cheating
round the board!"
But, sir, that has nothing to do with the sub-
ject before us. Kansas comes here with a con-
stitution that is republican in form; with a consti-
tution that, prima facie, reflects the wijl of the
people. That constitution is now here; and Kan-
sas claims admission as a State. Is she to bead-
! mitted? Are we to give heed to the complaints,
I because the sovereign people in Kansas have
j chosen to form a constitution which recognizes
j slavery? If they establish a rule of action for
■ themselves which does notcoincidewith the views
! of other States of this Union, it is none of their
concern; it is a matter over which they them-
selves have the control.
But, sir, it is said that since the adoption of^
the constitution, other elections have taken place.
Those elections are void and of no effect, as they
were in direct opposition to law. Suppose my
colleague is declared elected by the people at the
polls, and that the next day or the next week
people were to rise up in their power and hold
another election; suppose, then, that the Legis-
lature, before he took his seat, declared that the
will of the people should be taken as to whether
he was elected or not, and the majority of the
people should declare that he was not elected,
; wouid he consider that he was the Representative
| of that district here or not? Would'he consider
, that second election had any power to controhhis
| action ? Sir, it was the fundamental law that the
! constitution should be submitted in a particular
J form, and at a particular time, and after that
j action, after that was done, any other action taken
by the people, through the Legislature, was void.
: The second trial was unauthorized, and it was as
if done by a mob; and should the prescribed form
of law in these cases be disregarded here or else-
where, there would never be an end to any elec-
tion.
Mr. GRANGER obtained the floor; but yielded
to
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Chairman, I wish to state
to the committee that I cannot hope for any in-
dulgence at this time, after havtng been indulged
so often during this session; but that I shall seize
the first opportunity, when I can obtain the floor,
to reply to the assault of my colleague upon me;
and 1 shall undertake to show him and tins House
that there are other interests in Missouri besides
those of the slaveholder, and that I represent in-
terests as large 
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman has already spoken once, and.the
gentleman from New York is now entitled ro the .
floor.
Mr. BLAIR. I have said all I desired to say.
Mr. GRANGER. Sir, passing by the all-dis-
turbing subject of slavery, for the present, I arrive
at objections to the passage of this Lecompton
constitution, that, with any candid mind, ought
