mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proof has been made in numerous instances be-
fore, may be made again, and ought to have been
made by the contestant in this case.
Well, suppose you coneede the fact that these
thirty-one persons did vote at that election, and
further, that these thirty-one persons were non-
residents of the State of Ohio at the time, the other
great fact, important to this case, is not true, and
that is that they voted for Campbell. I would
like to see the testimony showing that any six of
them voted for Campbell, much less that twenty-
one voted for him, as claimed, by the contestant.
I should like gentlemen to point out that evidence,
and until they do, I for one, irrespective of ^11
party considerations, will refuse to reverse the
record as it stands here before us. I insist that
common respect shall be shown here to the attest-
ed voice of the people of the third congressional
district of Ohio, as well as to the accredited voice
of the people of any other congressional district
in the Union. The attempt is made here to set
aside the will of the people of that district by the
mere hearsay of irresponsible and unknown wit-
nesses. I submit that it is an outrage attempted
to be perpetrated here against that people, and an
outrage which 1 trust they will have the courage
and the dignity and the self-respect to rebuke,as
it deserves to be rebuked, on the second Tuesday
of October next.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not rise, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss the merits of this controversy; and I
will not trespass upon the already exhausted
patience of this House by an analysis of the mass
of testimony contained in this record. My pur-
pose is a brief answer to one or two positions
maintained by my two colleagues on the Commit-
tee of Elections, [Messrs. Wilson and Gilmer,]
who have just addressed the House in support of
the right of the sitting member to retain his seat
upon this floor. Both these gentlemen seem to
rest their arguments upon technical objections,
rather than upon a full and frank consideration
of the merits of this contest. Their objections
partake rather of the character of special demur-
ers, or exception to the testimony than of a con-
sideration of the weight which should be given
to it, or the results deducible therefrom. 1 pro-
pose briefly to reply to these objections. Both
gentlemen complain that the official abstract from
the office of the Secretary of State of Ohio, with
the broad seal of State attached certifying the re-
sult of the congressional election in the third dis-
trict in Ohio, on the 14th October, 1856, was not
properly before us, and that the Committee of
Elections had no right to receive it as evidence or
give any weight to it, because it was not filed with
the Cleik of this House within the sixty days pre-
scribed by the ninth section of the act of Congress
" presciibmg the mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections," approved February
1'J, 1851. I maintain that a just and reasonable
construction of this act does not include within
its provisions an official record, which, by the
broad seal of the sovereign State from which it
emanates, proves itself, and cannot, therefore, be
comprehended under that species of" testimony"
comprehended by the act, and required, by its
ninth section, to be taken within sixty days from
the day on which the answer of the member re-
turned shall be served upon the contestant.
A careful examination of this act will, in my
opinion, fully justify my construction of its pro-
visions. What are they?
The thiid section provides:
"That when any such contestant or returned member
shall be desirous ot obtaining testimony i expecting such elec-
tion, it shall be lawful tor hi in to make application to any
judge of any couit of the United States oi to am ciiancei-
lor, judge, or justice of a court of recoid of an> State, oi to
any mayor, recorder, or mtetuiaut of any town or city,
which said officer shall reside within the congressional dis-
trict m wmchsuch contested election was held, who shall
tbuieupon i.-Hie his subpena, dnected to all s-uoh witnesses
a? shall bo named to him, lequinug the attendance of such
wtfiie.-se.* before him, at some time and place named in the
Mjbpcna. in order to be then and there examined respecting
the «.ud contested election, m the manner hereinafter pio-
vided.".
The fourth section provides merely for the ser-
vice of the subpena.
The fifth section provides simply a penalty for
neglecting or refusing to attend or testify.
The sixth section provides for the mode and
manner of giving notice of the tfme and place of
taking the testimony, the names of the witnesses
to b3 examined, and thfeir residences, and the
name of the officer who is to conduct the exami-
nation.
The seventh section provides the mode and
manner of the examination, and requires—
" That the testimony of the witnesses, together with the
questions proposed by the parties or thetr agents, the said
magistiate is hereby authorized and required to cause to be
reduced to writing, in his presence, and the presence of the
parties or their agents, ifnttending, and to be duly attested by
the witnesses respectively; after which he shall immediately
transmit by mail the said testimony, duly certified under his
hand, and sealed up, to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the time being, together with a copy of the
subpena and notice,, servpd upon the party, as provided for
in the preceding section and of the proof of the service of
the said notice."
The ninth section provides—
" That the testimony taken by the parties to the contest,
or eithei of them, shall be confincd to the proof or disproof
of the facts alleged m the notice and answer mentioned in
the first and second sections of this act ; and no testimony
shall betaken after the expiration of siuv days from the
day on which the auswer of the member returned shall be I
seived on the contestant; and a copy of the notice of the
contest and of the answer of the returned member, shall be
prefixed to the depositions taken, and transmitted with them
to the Clerk of the House of Representatives: Provided,
That the House may, at theirdiscietion, allow supplement-
al)' evidence to be taken after the expnauon of said sixty
days."
I submit, Mr. Speaker, very confidently, that a
careful inspection of the foregoing provisions of
the act, conclusively show that they contemplated
parol evidence, or some instrument of writing
which required parol proof of its genuineness.
Neither the spirit or letter of the statute includes
official records as within the testimony required by
the ninth section to be closed within sixty days
after service of the answer of the returned mem-
ber.
Mr. GILMER. If the gentleman will read the
eighth section, he will see that that very identical
sort of testimony was contemplated.
Mr STEVENSON. 1 am coming to that point
directly. My friend from North Carolina seems
to think that the official statement of the result of
this election, from the office of the Secretary of
State of Ohio, with the broad sealattaclied thereto,
is comprehended by the eighth section of the act
of 1851, already referred to. I think he is clearly
in error. What arc the provisions of this eighth
section? They are in these words:
"That the said magistrate shall have power to require the
production of papers; on refusal or neglect of any person to
produce and deliver up any paper or papers in his posses-
sion pertaining to said election, or to produce ana deliver
up coitified or sworn copies of the same in case they may
be official papers, he shall be liable to all the penalties pre-
scribed m the filth section of this act, and ail papers thus
produced and ail certified as sworn copies of official papers,
shall be transmitted by said inag <tiate, with the testimony
of witnesses, to the Clerk of the House of Representatives."
This section confers upon the magistrate the
authority to call for the production of certain
papers, and if produced, provides for their trans-
mission. It does not exclude or deprive either
party from filing official papers which prove them-
selves,and which were not called for or pioduced
before the officer who took the testimony. The
section simply confers the authority upon the
officer to enforce the production of papers if called
for. It nowhere restricts either party from filing
official papers which prove themselves, and which
were not called for or produced during the exam-
ination.
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny that this act any-
where confines the filing of testimony to sixty
days. The restriction is upon the taking of testi-
mony, and not upon its production. The words
are, " no testimony shall be taken after the expi-
ration of sixty days," &c.: and were an officer,
through neglect or design, to fail in transmitting
immediately the testimony taken by him, I deny
that such a failure would deprive either party of
the testimony, if filed after the assembling of Con-
i gress. Such would, in my judgment, be the true
| construction of this act as to parol evidence. The
i limitation could, a fortiori, have no possible effect
! upon records or documents which bore no testi-'
' monyas to their genuineness, but which became ;j
! authentic from the impress of the seal of sover- tj
! eignty attached thereto. ij
; My friend from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] .!
| somewhat anticipated this argument, and said it
! was barely possible that this official abstract might
; come in as a public document, assimilating it to
; a paper filed as an exhibit to a bill m equity. He
i argued very earnestly, however, that this posi-
I tion would prove fatal to the claims of the con-
! t'estant, Mr. Vallandigham, because the same
rule would require a production -of a co^^f- the-:
poll-books as the best evidence to sb'ow-b'o'w each •
elector whose vote was challeftg^d<had'foted,?iirdJ
that the parol testimony taken- by ths .'c&Bte&aist;
on this ground be excluded. '
if the law of Ohio placed the copies-of the poll-
books, and the= abstract: of. the' result of aft elec-
tion certified by the official canvassers'tothe Sec-
retary of State, on a common grade in the sfcale of"
testimony, there might be soms force in this ob-
jection. Such' is not the fact. , ■ i
A reference to- the' election law of Ohio (Swan V
Statutes of Ohio, page 443-4) >fritt show that th«~
poll-books of an election ar£ not returned to the
Secretary of State. One poll-book is retarned'to
the clerk of the court of common pleas in each
county, and the other to the township clerk.- It
is made the duty of the clerk of common pleas in
each county, with two justices of thepeace, on the
sixth day after ail election to open the returns in •
congressional elections', and certain State officers,
and to make an abstract of the rotes-in manner
prescribed bylaw, and to forward a Copy, certified
and subscribed, to the Secretary of State.
By the law of Ohio, the Secretary of State is
the keeper of this abstract, and is authorized
make copies thereof under the great seal; and snctt
copies, when thus certified, are received as evi-
dence in all courts and placeB, in the same manner
and with all the force and effect of the originals,
if produced. (Swan's Statutes of Ohio, pages^
361, 867.)
No such effect is given to the poll-books. They
stand wholly on a different footing. There isjno
statute authorizing any officer to make official
copies of them; and if made, they would not, by
nny statute of Ohio, become competent testimony.
If required, they could be produced only by a
subpoena duces tecum; and no application was made
for their production, had it been competent to do
so under the eighth section of the act of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to know if it is
not the law of 1851, that all official papers shall be
transmitted by the magistrate with the papers?
Mr. STEVENSON. I construe that law dif-
ferently from the gentleman from Indiana. I have
already attempted to show that by the eighth sec-
tion of that act, the magistrate was authorized to
certify no papers that were not then produced;
and that a failure to call for them by either party
at that time could not diminish their authenticity,
or prevent either party from filing them at a sub-
sequent period. But I hope the gentleman will
allow me to go on with my argument, without in-
terruption. I had just stated the postulate, that
no man could carefully examine this act, and ar-
rive correctly at the conclusion that official papers, •
which, under a broad seal of State, prove them-
selves, could be included under the term " testi-
mony/' as used in the act.
In support of my construction, I can cite gen-
tlemen to the fact that, since the passage of this
statute of 1851, these official abstracts have been
allowed, as I am informed, in a dozen contested
elections, to come in after the termination of sixty
days, without question. So that in my argument
I am supported by the past action and precedents
of this House in similar cases.
What is the next ground, Mr. Speaker, ou
which the gentlemen attempt to rest? It is still-
more technical. They claim that the notice of
contest from Mr. Vallandigham, required under
this act of 1851, is fatally defective in specifying
all the names of the voters whose votes he in-
tended to contest. The first section of that elec-
tion act is as follows:
uBe it enruted, <$c., That f<om and after the passage of
tin-; act, whenevei ;i>i\ p'M^on -diail intend to contest an
election of any member of the 5Ioii=e ot Kepresentativcs of
the L'niled btate^. he Miall, within thirty days after the re-
sult of Mich election .-hall have been <leteimmed by tlio ol-
fk-er oi board of eanv.iv>Oi.< authorised bj law ip determine
the same, give notice in wilting to the member wnose seat
he deMan^to content of hi* munition to contest the saw;
and in such notice shall sp'^ify particulaily the grounds
upon winch he rcLesni the content."
Now, does the word 1( grounds," as used in
this section, necessarily require a contestant to
name every voter whose vote he intends to con-
test ? Sucil is the construction confidently urged
upon us by my friends and colleagues on the com-
mittee, who have argued the other side of tins
question. Now, sir, 1 maintain, the contestant
here has specifically set forth the grounds of the
contest, and fully complied with all the requisi-
