2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May &2,
tions of this act. He has specified particular
classes of electors, whose right is challenged, not
by name, but by setting out, wuh mathematical
accuracy, the various grounds of illegality on
which he intended to rely. His notice of contest
contained nineteen specifications—votes by non-
residents of the State, by non-residents of the
county,aliens, minors, idiots—each ground speci-
fied and separately set out. Thesixteenth specifi
cation enumerated by name ten mulattoes and per
sons of color, with twenty-two others not named, '
who were illegally permitted to vote for the con-
testant. And yet gentlemen say, that because
the names of every voter intended to be challenged
is not set out in this notice, therefore the sitting
member shall retain his seat without an examin-
ation, and no matter ho w illegal was his election, j
or what frauds were practiced in its accomplish- 1
ment. I would ask my friend from Indiana, who '
talked of popular sovereignty in the close of his j
speech, and who seemed to constitute himself the ;
peculiar guardian of popular rights, if when a man
comes to this Hall, representing nine tenths of the
voters of his district, to seek his rights as their j
chosen Representative on this floor, lie would turn ;
him off and say, " Sir, whatever your majority, i
or whatever may have been the frauds and out- j
rages on the ballot-box, you have not specified in ;
your notice the name of each illegal voter, and I .
will not examine into your proof or listen to your
complaint'"5 Is the popular voice to be strangled \
by such a technicality ? Are wrong's and outrages
upon popular rights to be passed over under so 1
unnatural and strained a construction of a statute j
passed to protect the elective franchise ? This act |
of 1851 was enacted to protect the right of popular j
suffrage; and yet if such a construction is to be i
given to it, it ties up the hands of a contestant, j
and tends to defeat the very object of its enact- j
ment. Take such an election as the one we are !
now considering in three populous counties in
Ohio, where nearly nineteen thousand votes were ,
eastland I ask, would it not be almost physically
impossible for any man, in thiity or forty days,
to ascertain the name of every illegal voter that
may have voted at that election ? The time pre j
scribed for giving notice is within thirty days !
after the boaid of canvassers have determined the ;
election. In many districts in my own State, such 1
n requisition would be almost impossible. Such a 1
construction of the word " grounds" as to require ,
the name of every illegal voter to be given, would
amount, in some cases, to a denial of the right of
contest.
There is one ground, Mr. Speaker, upon which
I think we should all agree. It is, if this section
of the statute has hitherto received in this House,
by its past precedents, a uniform and consistent
construction, that construction ought not now to
be departed from. If the construction hitherto
adopted is mure enlarged and libera!, and better
calculated to carry out the objects of this act than
a more restricted and technical one, it affords an-
other pregnant reason for a strict adherence to it.
The not was passed in 1851. Some seventeen
contested elections have occurred here sinee its
adoption. Of these but two are reported, which
afford any light on this question. They both sus-
tain my construction, and expressly decide that
a contestant, in stating in his notice the grounds
of contest, is not required to name each voter
whose right of suffrage is contested. :
The first of these cases is that of Wright vs. !
Fuller, decided in 1852. There the objection was 1
made, that the notice was fatally defective, be- 1
causcitdid not enumerate the names of the illegal
voteis. Mr. Ashe, of North Carolina, made the
majority report, overruling at length this objec-
tion, and expressly deciding that it was not ne-
cessary in the nonce to enumerate the names of
the challenged voters, and this report was sns- ,
' tained uy the House. Again, during the last Con- '
gross, in the contested election of Otero t>s. Gal-
legos, a similar objection was interposed to the
legality of the notice. Mr. William R. Smith, a
leading member of the American party,made the
report. In it he says: !
"Your committee think the noucc was quite sufficient
to authorize the taking ol the testimony. No such objee |
rum was niiwle by the -sitting memhei oi hi^ counsel at the
tnne o; ta'viwnhe depositions. On rue contraiy. he appeared
and examined tii« wuhout any objection what-
evei ; and it' he had no unuce at ail, and had appeared and
examined them, he would have been estopped fiom setting 1
up notice."
These authorities, uncontradicted by a single
precedent of a contrary ruling since the passage
of this act, would seem to be decisive of this ob-
jection. It may be added, however, that Mr.
Campbell appeared by counsel, and examined the
contestant's witnesses without objection, and it
would be too late now to insist upon it.
Mr. Speaker, the construction hitherto placed
by the House upon this act is, eminently right
and proper. To give the construction contended
for by the gentleman on the other side, to the
first section, would render it impracticable to de-
tect and expose the most flagrant'abuses and out-
rages on the elective franchise. Nothing is re-
quired by the letter or spirit of the act but to give
the grounds of the illegality committed in the elec-
tion, and I hope this House will never departfrom
the construction hitherto given to it. How un-
just would be a contrary ruling at this day ? Had
the contestant looked to the reported precedents
of this House, which I have just quoted, as we
have a right to presume he did, before giving his
notice, could he have doubted that an enumera-
tion of the voters' names was wholly unneces-
sary? Shall we now overturn these precedents,
and thus make it a snare for entrapping him? I
cannot and will not believe it. The construction
heretofore uninterruptedly given is right, and, I
trust, will be adhered to. If originally doubtful,
justice requires it should not now be disturbed.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend, and do not now
intend, to go into the merits of this controversy.
That will be much better done by my friend from
Mississippi, v/ho will close the debate m support
of his report. I wish, however, to say a word
or two before I sit down on the qualification of
suffrage as contained in the present constitution
of Ohio. I do not agree with the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] as to his de-
ductions about the class of colored voters, who,
in his judgment, are still entitled to the right of
suffrage in his own State. Nor can I, highly as
I estimate his legal acquirements, yield my acqui-
escence to the process of reasoning by which he
arrived at the conclusion that colored persons arc
still good votersin Ohio.
The constitution of Ohio provides that—
" Every male white citizen of the Hinted States, of the
ago oi twenty one yeais, whoshall have been a resident of
tlie Stare for one year next, preceding the election, and of
the county, towns-hip, or waid, in winch lie resides, ^ucli
tune as may bo piovnied by law, thall havo the qualifica-
tions ot an eleetoi, and be entitled to vote at all elections."''
Whatever may have been the former decisions
of the Ohio courts, I maintain, that, under the
present constitution of Ohio, no descendant of the
African race can exercise the right of suffrage.
There has uecn no adjudication on the question
of suffrage by the courts of Ohio, as I learn, since
IBol, when the presentconstitution was adopted.
The gentleman fiom Ohio maintains, however,
that Ohio has a right to determine for herself, not
only what excess of white blood constitutes a
white man as contradistinguished from a colored
person, but also to say, within Ohio, who are cit-
izens, and as such entitled, within her limits, to
the right of suffrage. He maintains that the su-
preme court of his State has already judicially
settled, prior to the adoption of the constitution
of 1851, that persons ha\ing a portion of black
blood were entitled to the vight of suffrage, and
that even the Supreme Court of the United States
would follow the decisions of the supreme court
of Ohio in the construction of one of its own stat-
utes. I cannot yield my assent to this argument,
and T do not think the position assumed can be
maintained.
If the constitution of Ohio, adopted in 1851, had
simply said " a white citizen," I can perceive that
there would have been great force in this argu-
ment.
It may be maintained that a State shall prescribe
how much black blood shall constitute a certain
class of her people to be colored peisons. Most
of the States have provisions on this subject. A
construction of such statutes by the supreme couit
of the State where they existed would be followed,
too, by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Indeed, that tribunal has said that a State withm
its own borders can say who shall be voters, and
who enjoy the rights of citizens within the State.
That,however, is not the question here. No State
has a right to confer citizenship of the United
States, and where a State constitution requites as a
suffrage qualification that the ejector shall be a
white citizen of the United States, I utterly deny
that in such State any descendant of the African
race can be an elector. The decision of the su-
preme court of Ohio cannot control the question.
Whenever it shall dccide that a descendant of the
African race, howeversmall the quantity of black
blood, or whatever the degree, is entitled to the
rightof suffrage, its decision will be in directantag-
omsm with the Dred Scott decision. That case au-
thoritatively settles that no descendant of the Afri-
can race is orcan be acitizenof theUnited States.
The constitution of Ohio requires an elector to be
a white citizen of the United States. If, therefore,
the supreme court of Ohio were to construe their
constitution as conferring citizenship of the Uni-
ted States on such descendant of the African racc,
it is manifest that such a ruling could not be up-
held by the Supreme Court of the United States.
The Supreme Court of the United States do not
follow the State decisions in the construction of
their own constitutions, nor are they bound by
them. I must, however, express my opinion that
the supreme court of Ohio will never construe
their constitution of 1851 as conferring suffrage
on a descendant of the African race. I am aware
of its decisions heretofore made.
"The first case was Gray us. The State, 4 Ohio Ren., 334,
decided upon the <n<uutoiy rule of competcncy of witnesses,
which excluded blacks and mulattoes trom testifying m a
cause to which a white poison was a paity. The depend-
ent was neater white than a mulatto; and the decision m
favorem was made, that a mulatto could not be a witness
in behalf of the estate. As tins was a favotable constiue-
uon of the statute, and made m a criminal cause, it passed
without notice.
" In another case, Williams rs. Setiool Directors, Wnght's
ltep.. 578. it was decided that the children of a white mother
and a father three tomths white, could not be excluded fiom
the common schools, the benefits of which were by statute
limited to white chiidien ; and force was given to the con-
sideration that the fathei was taxed for tlie suppoit of the
schooh t-> winch his chiidien had been denied admission,
as black and mulatto persons weie the only persons ex-
empted fiom taxation for school purposes; and that the
lather was not included within tlie exemption. The opin-
ion in Ohio a4? to the pi maple of this decision, and the fol-
lowing section, is quoted:
kk • The woidscoloied persons" and ''coloredchiidien,"
a? Used in this act, and the act to which this is an amend-
ment, sdiall bo deemed and held to mean those who are re-
puted to be w whole or in part of Jlfrican descent—53
Ohio Laws, 118, section 2, April 8, 1858.
'•'Again: the question to the meunin<r of the woid
' white'—a woid which, of all others in the language,ou ht
to icquire noglo^s—aiose in Jeffries vs. Ankeny and others,
which was an action brought l>v a person, the oir-pimg of
a white man and a half-breed Indian woman, against the
judges of election foi iefu>inghis vote ; and the judgment of
tlie couit wa* for the plaintiff, that lie was white and entitled
to suffrage, the court giving weight to the tact that persons
of partly Indian descent' were members of the bar, had ex-
etched political privileges, filled offices, and worthily dis-
ciplined th eir duties,and that disfranchisement for this cause
will be equally unexpected and btarihng.' "
I am also aware of the case of Thacker vs.
Hawk and others, 11th Ohio, 379, which was an
action brought against the judges of election for
refusing the vote of the plaintiff " the evidence
tending to prove he had some negro blood in him"
—and where the ruling of the lower court, in-
structing the jury " if the plaintiff had any negro
blood m him, he was not entitled to vote," was
reversed by a divided court. That decision rested
on the authority of Jeffries, vs. Ankeny et al.y al-
ready referred to. Judge Read's dissenting opin-
ion, however, in Thacker vs. Hawk and others,
is a masterly argument m support of the ruling
of the lower court.
In addition to this, the popular sentiment of
Ohio, as reflected by the Legislature, seems to
have approved of the dissenting opinion of Judge
Read rather than the opinion of a majority of the
court. On the 3d April, 1856, they passed an
amendment to the school law, from which 1 quote
the following section:
"The words 'coloied persons' and i colored children,'
as used m this act, and the act to which this is an amend-
ment. shall tie deemed and held to mean those who are re-
puted to be in whole or in part of Afncan descent."
Mr. BINGHAM. Is that the school law?
Mr. STEVENSON. It is an amendment to that
law. It is apparent, Mr. Speaker, if the Legisla-
ture of Ohio have declared that any one Who is
in part descended from the African race is a " col-
ored person," he is not a white person, and there-
fore not entitled to be an elector.
If this law should, however, be repealed, any
portion of black blood would make him in pait a
descendant frotrf the Afiican race; and if so, he
could not be a citizen of the United States under
the ruling of the Dred Seott decision*, and, if not
