1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23Sf
a citizen of the United States, not a legal elector
in Ohio under the constitution of that State.
It is true that this House is the judge of the re-
turns of its own membeis. In arriving at .correct
results in the determination of the legal questions
arising in contested elections, the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States must always
Mve a controlling weight. I doubt not their opin-
ions will always receive the weight on this floor
to which they are entitled, not less from the high
legal acquirements than the exalted character of
the individuals who constitute the court; and of all
the decisions which have entitled them to the high
position of being regarded the loftiest judicial tri-
bunal of the world, none will add more luster or
defy for a longer time all legal criticism than that
which has judicially established that a descendant
of the African race is not a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, who has just addressed the House, has
been led into an error in regard to the time when
this notice of the contestant would have to be
served upon the sitting member. The statute
from which he read declares how the notice shall
be served.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is thirty days after the
votes have been canvassed.
Mr. TOMPKINS. Thirty days after the votes
are canvassed, and not thirty days after the elec-
tion. The elections in the State of Ohio are held
on the second Tuesday of October, which can
never happen earlier than the 8th of October, or |
later than the 14th. The result of the election for j
members of Congress has to be declared between j
the 1st and 10th of December following; and :
within thirty days from that time the contestant
is to serve the notice upon the sitting member, or
upon the peison declaied to be elected. Hence,
almost ninety days are allowed for the purpose of
serving the notice. It is true that the statute says
the notice shall be served within thirty days after
the result is announced. The Governor and the
Secretary'of State are made canvassers of the
votes, and they are to declare who are elected mem-
bers of Congress; and within thirty days of that
declaration the notice must be served. I thought
the gentleman from Kentucky was misled by that
act, and that he might mislead others. ^
I wish to say a word upon another point.
The decision of the supreme court was as to the
effect of the word " white," and what constituted
a " white male inhabitant " of the State of Ohio.
The court havinggiven a particular construction
to the word " white " in the old constitution, the
new constitution has not changed the rights of
persons from what was established by that de-
cision. By the old constitution, " white male
inhabitants over the age of twenty-one years"
were entitled to vote. By the new constitution,
"white male citizens" have the right to vote;
still, whenever it is decided that a person is white,
he has the rights of a citizen of the United States;
and hcncc the rights of persons having colored
blood in them are notchanged under the new con-
stitution, for the reason that the court gave a con-
struction to the word " white, "and declared what
it meant in the constitution. The decision was
that a person having a preponderance of white
blood, was a white man; and if a man be white
he is a citizen of the United States, if born within
the United States; although he may have one
fourth of African blood m his veins, he is never-
theless a citizen of the United States. The de-
cision of the court upon that one point has settled
this question, and the new constitution has not
changed if.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would ask the gentleman
whether the voter must not only be white, but a
citizen ?
Mr. TO\JPKINS. Certainly.
Mr. UUITMAN. The point is, whether
"white" and "citizen" mean the same thing?
Mr. TOMPKINS. Every white man boin
within the limits of the United States is a citizen
of the United States; and the court having de-
clared that a man who has a preponderance of
white blood in his veins is a white man, he, of
course, is a citizen of the United States.
Mr. QUITMAN. To be a citizen a man must
be of pure white blood, according to the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. TOMPKINS. We say that the supreme
court of Ohio has the right to declare what the
meaning of her constitution is; and whatever the
Supreme Court of the United States may havede-
cided does not affect the construction given by the
courts of Ohio to the constitution of Ohio. Our
courts have the right to declare what is meant by
the term white, as used in our constitution. We
find many persons that do not come up to the
standard of pure white. Then who shall decide?
The courts; and the courts have declared that
those who have a preponderance of white blood
in their veins shall be considered white, and are
citizens.
Mr. LAMAR. I did not expect to participate
in this discussion, nor can I do so now with any
justice to myself, laboring, as I am, under a se-
vere indisposition. But, sir, the attack which has
been made upon the report of that portion of the
minority of the committee with whom I am act-
ing upon this subject—an attack partaking more
of ingenuity, I will say, with all due respect, than
of fairness—leaves me no alternative but to come
forward and defend the positions taken, and the
general conclusion arrived at in that report.
Before I come to the consideration of the points
which it presents, I desire, if I can, to fix the at-
tention of members upon one point alluded to by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Wilson;] a
point which, though entirely unnoticed, and con-
stituting no part of the contestant's ease aa made
out in the report, is nevertheless, to my mind, ab-
solutely conclusive as to the right of the sitting
member. Reflection upon the subject, and an ex-
amination of the authorities, have convinced me
that the election in the second ward of Dayton,
excepted to by the contestant, and which resulted
in a majority of ninety-two for the sitting mem-
ber, was illegal and void. I hold that the entire
returns of that ward ought to be rejected, upon the
ground that the person who undertook to preside
as judge over that election had no authority to act
as such, being appointed, not in accordance with
the law, but in direct violation of its provisions.
By the law of Ohio regulating elections, the coun-
ciimen of each ward are constituted, ex officio,
judges of the elections in their respective wards;
and in the absence of either of those councilmen,
or if either of them shall be a candidate at any
election, the law provides that it shall the duty of
the electors of said waid, or the electors present,
to choose a person to act as judge at said election.
Mr. BILLING-HURST. Will the gentleman
allow me to inquire whether that statute does not
prescribe the mode of electing tne judges to be
viva voce- ?
Mr. LAMAR. Yes, sir. I am very much
obliged to the gentleman for that suggestion.
Mr. BILLING HURST. I desire the gentle-
man's attention a little longer. I desire to inquire
whether the officer of election himself does not
swear to the fact, and w hether anybody has con-
tradicted him, that Mr. Vallandigham was there
when proclamation of his election as judge was
made by many voices, and objected to by none,
and that Mr. Vallandigham allowed him to be
sworn in ?
Mr. LAMAR. I shall go on to that point, but
will remark, in passing, -thatthe testimony shows
directly the reverse to be the facts.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that when the judge was elected faiily;
when he came forward and took the oath; when
no objection was made, even if there was an in-
formality on the part of the judge, the election is
to be void ?
Mr. LAMAR. I am going right to that very
question. For the benefit of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] I will read the statute on
i which I am commenting:
! "Sec. 7. That if either of the trustees, common council-
I men, or clerk of any township shall ful to attend ar the
I time and placc of holding an election ; or if eithei of them
j should be a candidate, then it shall be the duty of the eiect-
) ors piesent to choose, viva rare, suitable persons (as the
j case may lequirel having the qualifications of doctors, to
i act as judge or cleik (as the ea^e may hi1) (rf the election."
I Now, sir, what do the proofs show? They
| show that so far from the statute hemg complied
with, the election was conducted in direct viola-
tion of its provisions. Reuben Chapman, the
councilman, several days prior to the election,
appointed one Stith M. Sullivan to act as his sub-
stitute in that election. Sullivan states that he
acted as judge in that election by virtue of that
appointment, and by virtue of no other authority
whatever. That is, he acted asjudge of that elec-
tion by the appointment of Reuben Chapman, the
councilman.
Now,Mr. Speaker, the question preseotsJtself
—and it meets the point to which my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Wilson] directs my attentionr-rhow
docs the want of authority in the officers of an-
election affect the validity of that election ? That
is the question now presented by this case. To
what extent does the validity of an election de-
pend on the authority of those who preside over
it ? Well, on this point, I presume there will be
little difference of opinion when I call the atten- 
tion of members to the views of writers on the
subject, who are recognized as standard authors
on legislative proceedings. I quote from Cush-
ing's Law and Practice of Legislative Proceed-
ings, pages 71 and 72:
" In this country the rule appears to be that persons as-
<sumin% to be returning officers and acting as such, are pre-
sumed to he legally elected or appointed, and to be duly
qualified for the discharge of their duties, until the contrary
is made to appear 5 in which case, Iheir proceedings in ref-
erence to elections will be set aside.* * * *
" It is the mvanable practice therefore, with us, to allow
the authority and qualifications to be inquired into; and if
it appears that persons assuming ro act as such are not duly
clected, the proceedings of the persons thusassumingtoact
will be void."
Mr. TRIPPE. Is there any evidence that this
illegal precinct vote was ever counted in the con-
solidated returns?
Mr. LAMAR. I think it is sworn to positively
in the testimony. Here it is:
Question 39. How many votes were received and
counted at said election forL. D. Campbell, and how many
lor C. L. Vallandigham ?
11 drawer. Two hundred and thirtv-five for Campbell,
and one hundred and forty-three foi Vallandigham."
Mr. TR1PPE. The question is this: did this
ninety-two majority enter into the estimate?
Mr. LAMAR. I will answer the gentleman's
question by reading another question and answer
from the printed testimony:
" Question -10. Were those the respective numbers for
each as letunied in the poll-book to the office of the clerk
of the court of Montgomery countyi
ei %dnsiver. Yes."
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that that does not
answer the question yet. The question is, did the
canvassers include this vote at all?
Mr. LAMAR. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Where is the proof of it?
Mr. LAMAR. I answer the gentleman from
Ohio that there is evidence that it was counted in
the general summary returned by the clerks of the
various counties to the Secretary of State. For
instance, here is the certified copy of the return
from Montgomery county, and from every ward
thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the summary which
the gentleman contests, and says he does not rely
upon.
Mr.LEITER. I propose to make a sugges-
tion. It is this: it has been decided there very
many times, that, although the judges are required
to be sworn under our statutes, nevertheless, if
they be not sworn, and if the votes taken by those
judges are legal votes, the Legislature will not dis-
franchise the people.
Mr. BINGHAM. The statute is only direc-
tory.
Mr. LAMAR. I think I can satisfy the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the decision referred to by
him is correct, and yet consistent with the point
I am making. There arc congressional precedents
of a similar kind. Congress has, in repeated in-
stances, where the conduct of the returning offi-
cers was irregular, or the returns of the election
informally made out, waived the irregularities and
informalities, provided the election itself was fairly
and legally conducted; but these precedents are
all based upon the broad and obvious distinction
existing between the returns of an election and
the election itself. The election is the choosing
of their Representative by the people, in accordance
with the law; whilst the returns are the mere evi-
dence of the result, &s furnished by the officers, con-
sisting of certificates and boards and commissions.
The election is the great/«c£, of which the returns
are the mere legal evidence. Now, Uiese returns
may be informal; the acts of the oincers may be
irregular; Congress may set them aside, or waive
them, without affecting the validity of the election
itself. Thefactof the election etillexjsts,although
Congress may ascertain its existence by evidence
other than the returns.
