1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
not defend, while he ventures to palliate, this out-
rage to an American Senate and an American Con-
gress. I intend to examine some of the grounds
on whiph he has placed this palliation.
The President has assumed a convenient mode
of argument to go to the country. He assumes
a point which is now before the legal tribunals of
his country and mine. He assumes conveniently
that the neutrality laws of the United States have
been violated, and that it is his business? to en-
force them. In the first place, this has not been
made to appear; it has not been judicially de-
termined; nor do 1 discover that he has offered to
the Senate and the country any evidence of the
assumption upon which he builds his argument.
That is a question which lie is not competent to
determine; but I will waive this point, and allow
him this convenient, though infelicitous mode of
argument, and say that the neutrality laws have
been violated by Walker and some of his one hun-
dred and fifty men, though X do not know, and
do not concede the fact to be so. The President
assumes that on account of this violation of law,
this officer had a right to arrest them upon the
high seas. Thus the President assumes his right
to use the Army and Navy anywhere upon this
continent under our jurisdiction, or anywhere
upon the high seas throughout the whole earth,
and upon every island of the sea, and every part
of the land if the country having jurisdiction does
not object. He claims thatnot only on this con-
tinent, but throughout the whole world, he can
use the Army and Navy of the United States at
his discretion,provided the Governments having
jurisdiction over those islands and over those lands
do not object. I deny it. I say it is a usurpa-
tion of authority not granted by the Constitution
or laws, but in derogation of both.
Sir, there is no point in regard to which the
framersof our Government were more jealous than
the use of the Army and Navy of the United States.
For many years after the organization of your
Government, the regular Army and Navy could
not be used even to suppress open insurrection.
By your act of 1791, the militia only could be used;
but the Army and Navy were not authorized by
the fathers of the Republic even to be employed in
suppressing open insurrection. Then where does
the President get the authority which he claims?
He says it is under the eighth section of the neu-
trality act of 1818, but he does not deign to quote
it. I say he has no jurisdiction anywhere for the
enforcement of any taw of the United States ex-
tra-territorially. He never can get such authority
except by express law, and how far the law-
making power can go on that point will be a ques-
tion for consideration when he attempts to get the
power from us. It is sufficient that he must ex-
pressly get the authority of law to exercise any
extra-territorial jurisdiction, even for the purpose
of enforcing every statute of the United States,
and he never can use the Army or the Navy with-
out express authority of lav/.
These things have been done in a foreign coun-
try, and the attempt is made to palliate them on
the ground that Nicaragua docs not complain. It
is well known to the most ignorant man here,
that ihete has been a civil war for years in Nicara-
gua, that Mr. Walker has been one of the con-
tending parties, that he has been the de facto hpad
of that Government. It would be passing strange
if those who dispute his authority, and who are
contending against him, should complain that the
President of the United States had taken sides in
this civil war for them and against their enemy.
I am told there is a civil war now in Peru; two
military chieftains there are contestants for the
supreme power. If the President were to order
another commodore like'Commodore Paulding
to go to Peru, catch one of the contending par-
ties, seize his army, and carry them to some desert
island, or to some portion of the United States,
and cast them adrift, who supposes the opposite
party would complain ? It amounts to this: that
he can make war by engaging in any civil dis-
turbance which maybe raging in another coun-
try; provided he so completely extinguishes one
side that you cannot hear from them, and it being
for the benefit of the other side they will not com-
plain. That is to cure the violation of the law of
nations, and of the Constitution of his own coun-
try ! That is one of his pretexts that is defended
by the Senator from New York. i
The President says that the act of Paulding was !
illegal, and he cannot justify it; but it was a good
thing. He does not conceal, in his message, that
he rejoices in having vindicated one law by the
violation of another, in the language of the Sen-
ator from New York. The President cannot com-
mand any popular respect; he cannot hold the
proud attitude of a vindicator of the laws of the
country, unless he himself obeys the laws; and
in this case he must use uberrima fides. The coun-
try demands it. When Mr. Walker got beyond
the jurisdiction of the United States, it was no
reproach to the United States; it was no reproach
to our people or our Government, that he went
to a country which he claimed to be his own, as
legally and as rightfully as the Senator from New
York claims to be a citizen of the United States.
When he got beyond our jurisdiction, he had a
right to use whatever means were according to
the laws of war and of nations to get possession
of his country, and to be restored to what he
claims to be his own rightful office. Let me take
the case of Mr. Kossuth—Governor Kossuth—in
regard to whom the Senate exhibited to the civil-
ized world the remarkable spectacle of inviting
him here to show himself off. Some few years
since, he went through the United States begging
aid and comfort—"material aid," I think, was
his term—to enable him to go back and reinstate
himself in the power from which he had been
thrust by Russia and Austria. By whom was
General Walker driven out of the presidency of
Nicaragua? Was it by the people of Nicaragua?
It was by a foreign invasion,aided by Commander
Davis, of the United States Navy, that he was
driven from power. Costa Rica invaded Nicara-
gua; Honduras and the other Central American
States joined in the invasion; and he was thus
driven out. Governor Kossuth said a foreign in-
vasion had driven him out; and he got not only
sympathy, but, I think, disgraceful sympathy,
from this body. I believe the Senator from New
York was one of the leading spirits in paying
homage and tribute to that distinguished refugee,
who was driven from his own country, as I admit,
by foreign bayonets.
I say there is no law authorizing the President
to make this arrest, and he can have no such au-
thority unless you give him a right to use the
Army and Navy for the purpose of engagingin the
civil wars on this continent. That is where the
case stands; it cannot be evaded or avoided. Sen-
ators may vaunt the distinguished Commodore
Paulding, whose coarse brutality must be ad-
mitted by every humau being who has read the
coriespondence. It shows that ho is totally unfit
to discharge any duty. The language which he
uses shows thathe is not only unworthy to be the
commander of aship, but that ho is unworthy to
be its cabin boy. He violates all the courtesies
and decencies of official intercourse in trampling
upon an individual who with his men committed
miracles of valor, as he himself says. He, in a
ship of war, with four hundred men, bears down
upon one hundred and fifty vagabonds, runaways,
murderers, and pirates, as he politely designates
them.
Sir, it will not do to get rid of this question by
denouncing General Walker and his men. As
has been properly asked on this floor, if thePrcs-
ident of the United States was enforcing your own
laws, if he had a right to capture these men, why
has he not held them amenable to the laws of the
United States? Why does your aged and vener-
able Secretary of State say, when General Walker
is brought before him, " take him away; I have
nothing to do with him; do not bring him near
me?" Why turn loose in one of your ports, with-
out succor, without friends, without means, one
hundred and fifty men, who are you do notknow
what-—Americans or Nicaraguans? The Govern-
ment seems to have found itself in a scrape, and
it threw away, I will not say the stolen goods, but
the evidence of its wrong; it dropped them at the
first port, and. then comes to Congress and at-
tempts to vindicate, before the nation and the
world, this outrage on our Constitution and on the
law of nations, by turning round and vilifying the
actors in this scene; and I believe the President
attempts to mend the matter by quoting Scripture.
Mr. DOQLITTLE. Mr. President, there is a
point in this case thathas not yet been elucidated,
and upon which I desire information. It is this:
by our law, as I understand it, if an expedition
is set on foot within the limits of the United
States, it is a violation of our neutrality laws.
General Walker is charged with that offense, and
the men who were with him are charged to have
been guilty of the very act of levying war upon
another Government. I understand, without hav-
ing an opportunity of looking now into the law
of nations, that, by the law of nations, the United
States would be held responsible for the acts .of
its own citizens, if they were done in pursuance
of an unlawful expedition set on foot within the
jurisdiction of the United States. It would be a
cause of war against the United States by Nic-
aragua. It is the duty of the President of the
United States, under the treaty of peace between
the United States and Nicaragua, to see that that
treaty of peace, which is the paramount law of
the land, shall be executed as well as every other
law of the United States. If an expedition, set
on foot within our jurisdiction inviolation of our
laws, actually invade the territory of a country
with which we are at peace, for whose acts we arc
to be held responsible, for whose acts Nicaragua,
if she had the power, would have a right to meet
us man for man and gun for gun, and carry the
invasion back into the United States; I say, sir,
upon my present impression, without now exam-
ining it, that it is the duty of the President of
the United States to see that the treaty of peace
with Nicaragua is faithfully executed; and if this
marauding expedition is caught in the very act,
before any great depredations have been commit-
ted, it is the duty of the President of the United
States to arrest them in the act.
1 will put this case: Suppose, for instance, in
Great Britain an army was raised in violation of
the neutrality laws of Great Britain, to invade
the United States; they sail to the United States,
and they are commencing an attack on the city
of New York: what is the duty of Great Britain?
What is the duty of the commander of her fleet?
If she finds her own citizens in the very act for
which we have a right to hold Great Britain re-
sponsible, and to declare war against her, what
is her duty ? it is to arrest her own citizens who
are engaged in the commission of an act of war
against us, which compromits the Government
of Great Britain. So, precisely, is it here, if
these men were engaged in an act against the
Government of Nicaragua, which compromits the
Government of the United States, the result of
which may lead to war against us, the President
of the United States, in the fulfillment of the
treaty of peace, is bound to see that no such war
is committed upon them.
Why, sir, the Government of Nicaragua have
just as much rjghttohold us responsible for these
unlawful expeditions, fitted out within the juris-
diction of the United States, as they would have
if a portion of the Navy should go and commence
war on Nicaragua. If one of our vessels had ac-
tually entered on a war against Nicaragua, what
would be the duty of Commodore Paulding? It
would be to arrest them in the act, and save his
country from violating the treaty of peace. With-
out discussing this question now at length, for I
am not prepared to go into it, as my judgment
may depend on other facts besides*those which
now appear, 1 am not willing to say that I acqui-
esce in the statement which is made by the Pres-
ident, and by gentlemen here, condemning the act
of Commodore Paulding as illegal. I hold this to
be the true law: that if an expedition is raised
within the United States for the purpose of invad-
ing a country at peace with the United States,
if they actually go and make that invasion, that
Government, by the law of nations, has a right
to hold the United States responsible, and to make
war on us for it.
Mr. PUGH. While the Senator is looking out
the facts on which he says his opinion will be
based, 1 think he had better look into that propo-
sition a little, for I do not believe he will find any
law for it at all.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to enter into this debate at this time. I
regard it as premature. I did not hear all of the
message read I have no doubt there are other
documents accompanying it by which we can see
at least the instructions under which this officer
acted. I regard this as a very important debate.
The subject is perhaps of as much interest as any
that we shall have before us during the present ses-
sion; for on the one hand it cannot be disguised
that the representatives of foreign countries here
