270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong.... 1st Sisss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
sible relations which can exist between two dis-
similar and unequal races of men thrown together
upon the same territory; and that every attempt
to create other relations than these, whilst the two
races thus coexist, has thus far only deepened !
the degradation and misery of the black race. I
should, therefore, instead of circumscribing sla-
very, be perfectly willing to see it extended, with
the consent of those immediately interested, to
the remotest confines of the Republic. It is not,
then, because, in any possible form, I am opposed
to slavery, that I am opposed to the Lecompton
constitution for Kansas. Indeed, rather, it is be-
cause I am the friend and advocate of the peculiar
institutions of the South that I am in part con-
strained to object to that constitution.
Mr. Chairman, there are new theories of gov-
ernment and motives of action presented by the
advocates of the Lecompton constitution that can-
not fail to grate harshly on southern ears: First,
in order to induce our assent to the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution—which
constitution provides that "after the year 18G4,
whenever the Legislature shall think it necessary
to amend, alter, or change this constitution,"
they shall proceed to do so according to certain
salutary precautions and methods pteseiibed in
the instrument—it is now contended that this fun-
damental provision may be disregarded,and that
steps may be immediately taken to abolish it so
soon as Kansas is admitted under it. The people
of the United States have heretofore been"taught
to regard constitutions as the sacred repositories
of their dearest rights; as removed, by the so-
lemnities by which they have been inaugurated,
ftom the flippancies of change; and as constitu-
ting the bulwaiks upon which they might repose
in the security <>f established order. But now, for
the purpose of making room for this new comer,
all these established theories of government are
forsaken, and pass away as the baseless fabric of
a dieam. A new Ii^ht dawns upon the political
sky, and an;uchy is organized. Constitutions,
which were intended heretofoie for the protection j
of minorities, lose (heir power. Majorities, we i
aie told, at tlieir pleasure, may east them down, ;
and not on the u^hts which eonstiluuons were
intended to pieserve inviolate. The distinction ,
heretofoie so well understood and recognized be- ;
tween a legislative ;vt and a constitutional pro-
vision is no more, and the on! v step which remains ;
to be taken, since the nll-pivv.uhmr voice of mere -
numbers is enshrined, is io de< lare i hat this voice j
iteed not even proclaim its ("diets in wnlien laws,
but has only, m the fury of the mob, to issue its ;
mandates and execute them. Sttnngest io me of |
all this, is, that this wild doctune finds eouute- i
nance with my southern friends, interested, like
me, in pieserv ne; .and maintaining to the la-si our
soul In rn righ is and our sou I hem proper! y. Why,
sir, with such governmental policy as this, not
only will the general piospei ify sicken — for ail the i
intciests of society must sicken with (he mst.i-.
bility of govei nnient—but the peculiar institutions j
of the South munt dir. Let me read you what is
already sud by a lilaek lh:pubh<\ui oigan, the j
Chicago Tribune, on this subject: j
" It low --.ml thai 1 lie act ad milling iv.ui into III'' I
liijilvi I lie Le< ((inj)lon ceietiUilHUi, v\iil cont.nu a 1
< 'an-.e d< elaunij that the p- op|e ei the new '-U:iri> may am etui !
Then eoii-utittiou at any lime ilicv plei^e, though ni doing I
so ihc\ vii/htte a plain and einphane pun i-iun ot tiie e<m-
stauiion il With (hi - pou'.'i to uvcj he, id coii-Mifutional
h u ri.'i ici'iiirm/-ed by r-oicmu :i"i ot ('uii'e e--, wc s-hali be !
(!(io-cd to abate oiu oppo itiou to 1 .coaiptoa and li'dp it
ulou", but with fins ( um!"f-.taiidnni, thai the mle j
laid dow n lor Kan->a ■> '-hall he applied to the i'onstit tuion of''
the t'liifd Elates ; and that v> hcit a majority ol the le^.tl 1
voters ol the Repehhc rho.M' !o demand an uniendiii'Mit ol*;
the fnndaiueeial 1'nv. liie mm!,- of iinc ndim ut pi e->( i ilx dm ;
the („'on~iitut'on -hali not ,-tand in the w ay oi' the attain- ,
incut of then will. °
Mr.Ch airman, 1 en tor my solemn protest a gainst ,
this suicidal doctiinc. Kansas, with her Lecomp-
ton constitution, brings with hm no benetits to any .
part of our common country which would com- !
peusatc a solitary rttate for the damning tendency
of such a dogma. And if U shall be iuauiiurat«*d i
ji]'o the poliucal iheotiesof the times by the pros- j
< at Administration, 1 shall piescive the proud cm!"
loudness of saying that it wus by no act of mine
you did it, and, then ime, J
u Shake nor j om j;oiy loch-; n* me,*' I
Eut it may po^siMy be said (1 hardly think 1
that any candid man will venture to say it) that
this principle,, touching the right of the majority
to override the terms and forms of the constitu-
tion by amendments, alterations, or abrogations,
in violation of tfiose terms, is not contained in the
act passed by the Senate. Mr. Chairman, >t is
there, and, I grieve to say, insidiously there. If it
is to be there at all, put it in like a man. Speak
it out like a freeman. Let us have no quibbling
about it. But it is there plain enough. The hon-
orable Senator [Mr. Pugh] proposed in plain, di-
rect terms to insert it. His amendment was with-
drawn by himself, because, as he said, its sub-
stance was embodied in the bill as it now stands;
and it was thus withdrawn to make room for the
more .insidious and entrapping provisions now
contained m the bill, to wit:  
u That nothing in tins act shall be construed toahndge or
infringe any right of the people, asserted m tiic constitution
of Kansas,at all tunes to alter, reform, or abolish then-form
ot government, in such man ner as they may think pi oper."
Why was this clause inserted ? Does anybody
suppose that, if Kansas should become a State,
she would thereafter be dependent on Congress
for her right 4 4 to reform or abolish her form of
government in such manner as she thought prop-
er?" Certainly not. For whatpurpose, then, was
this formal disclaimer of apoweror right of Con-
gress to do that which no one ever supposed
before Congress had the power to do, asserted in
this bill? Ir was, Mr. Chairman, a negative preg-
nant of most affirmative meaning. It is a direct
intervention by Congress in the affairs of Kan-
sas, m violation of your cry of non-intervention.
Your President, sir, had, m a labored argument,
in ins Kansas message, announced the doctrine
that
" A majonty can make and unmake constitutions at
plea-mie it would he ab-and to hay tucy can impose fet-
teis upon their own power which they cannot aUerw.ini-:
jemove.1' v v v f " ft, theictoic, lb'1 pio-
visit>u elunynin the Kansas constitution aftei the \ ear i^bd
could, bv possibility, he eonstined into ;i piolnliuiou to
make Mich a change pie\ 1011-4 to that penoil, tins piolnbi-
tion would he wholly uiiavai'inii The Le^isiatine al,eady
elected may, at it* vei v tirht he—1011, submit the question to
a vote ol the people, whether they u lil or will nor have a
eonvcmion to amend their constitution, and adopt all ne-
i'i'snu) nieauH 101 yivmjj Oll'ect to the popui,u will/''
Tt was necessary, therefore, to insert these pro-
visions m the bill; but lest an outspoken expres-
sion of them should justly offend the pubhc ear,
and justly alarm the settled and conservative ele-
ments of .society, they have been couched m the
covert and ambiguous phrase quoted ni the law.
IhU they Will not the less confidently be appealed
to as the expression of the legal right, 111 the Ab-
olition portion of the people of Kansas, to abol-
ish the lew remnants of slavery that exjst, in that
devoted Territory on the instant, should Kansas
be admitted under the Lecompton constitution.
And then will come, sir, m the event Kansas is
thus admitted into the Union with her Lecomp-
ton const ii utiou, under the provisions of this act
of admission, one of those struggles, weak and
feelde, perhaps, it may be, compared with otheis,
which I yet contemplate in her eventful history,
a struggle 111 which hor peace may be seriously
jeoparded, and the rights of the slaveholder—
rights which 1 feci it my duty here to forewarn,
if 1 cannot forearm—will inevitably be sacrificial.
According to the programme thus suggested by
the President, and significantly and obsequiously
intimated to Kansas by the Senate bill, anew con-
stitution will be adopted prior to i^'ol. in disre-
gard of the Lecompton constitution. It will abol-
ish slavery; the slaveholders in Kansas will assert
their rights under the Lecompton constitution,
wrongfully overturned, in violation ol the provis-
ions for its own amendment; and i do not hesitate
to declare my opinion that there is notan enlight-
ened jurist m America but will recognize their
claim. That agitation, bitternes.-?,and stufe will
result, even from tins comparatively minr>r con-
flict, no one can doubt; and, I ask, is ir the pait
of s'au smansltip thus to legislate m hlmd disre-
gard of such inevitable consequences?
Mr. Chairmau, the great excellency of Ameri-
can liberty is, that it is the liberty of law. The
President, in the principles which I have thus de-
duced from his Kansas message, proclaims the
Fmropean idea of liberty, which is the liberty of
license. The one is peaceful, the otherrebellious.
lie attempts to fortify his specious conclusions
by a reference to those grand fundamental prin-
ciples of human liberty which underlie all free
governments, and which, in proper cases, are the
last resorts of nations. No people so well as ours
know the right of revolution, and none, thank
God, in a most righteous cause, God being our
helper, have asserted it so triumphantly. I trust,
however, that no legislative or political necessity
will ever compel any portion of our beloved coun-
try again to resort to this terrible arbitrament.
And if I had no other reason for voting against
the admission of Kansas under the Lccompton
constitution, I should be justified in doing so in
order to avoid the dread expedient approximating
revolution, to which the President refers the peo-
ple of Kansas, whereby to extricate themselves
from the difficulty in which his policy has in-
volved them, by a change of their constitution,
regardless of the forms and methods prescribed
in the constitution itself.
The second of the motives which are urged upon
us is, that it is the shortest way to make Kansas
a free State. The President, in his Kansas mes-
sage, after correctly stating that Kansas is now
a slave Territory, tells us, in this remarkable lan-
guage:
u Slaveiy can, therefore, never be prohibited m Kansas
cxccpt by means of a constitutional provision, ami m no
other manner can this be obtained so piomptly, if a major-
ity of the people desire it, a  by admitting it into the Union
under us present constitution."
,1 Mr. Chairman, when I consider this opinion of
j the Piesident, in connection with the means he
,1 suggests of effecting the object of making Kansas
•! a free State, to wit: by the unauthorized alteiatiou
! j of her constitution in the manner I have stated, I
'| cannot forbear the expression of my surprise at
| the support which his purpose and his policy re-
ceive at the hands of the South. For myself, I
am free to declare that I am not anxious to pursue
that path which shall most promptly admit Kan-
sas into the Union as a free State; not that I would
i throw obstacles in the way of the admission of a
i vStAte, whether slave or free, in to the Union, when
i justly entitled to come in; but when I consider
i how rapidly the number of free States has in-
creased and is increasing; that the safe equality
that so long existed between the free and slave
States has passed away, giving place to an exist-
ing preponderance in favor of the former, to be
augmented by other free States pressing at our
doors for admission; more than this, when I con-
; sidor who are likely to come, as the Senators of
' Kansas, to take their places here—Lane and Hob-
; inson, perhaps reeking with bitterness and wrath
| against the institutions of the South, from the
fierce conflicts and raids in which so long and re-
cently they have been engaged—I confess to no
indecent haste for the admission of Kansas; and
the last thins;, I think, that ever I shall be guilty
of doing will be to dissolve the Union of these
| States because she is not admitted " so promptly
! to swell the tide of political asccndency that beats
already so heavily against the South.
In this connection, Mr. Chairman, I would in-
vite your attention to a most singular fact—sin-
gular, indeed, it would be if it did not recur in
every phase of Democratic policy and tactics. It
is the rare and singular facility—I should rather
call it craft—of the Democratic party to give to all
their measures a northern and a southern aspect.
; In no instance have they succeeded so well, I
ween, as m this. They did apprentice work in
, the repeal of the Missouri compromise, when they
declared 111 the. North it was a measure of free-
dom, and in Uie South that it was the unlocking
of the Teintories for the expansion of slavery.
! They did journeymen's work in their divers in-
terpretations of squatter sovereignty, suited to all
latitude.' and localities; and they are doing mas-
, tor work now, when this very measure of the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution is advocated by the President and Ins
northern supporters as the " 'promptest*' manner
of prohibiting slavery in that State, whilst their
southern brethren aie advocating it, and are ready
to split the Union about it, because it recognizes
slavery north of 3G° 30'; albeit it shows its head
there for a moment, and disappears thenceforth
forever.
You are too familiar with the bold and ardent
\ declarations of my southern friends to require me
to cite instances to prove the burning zeal with
