1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
did not, in that connection, charge like conduct on
Commodore Paulding. When I came to speak
of his note, or of his official communication to
the Government, in which he spoke of Walker
and his men as being pirates and outlaws, marau-
ders, buccaneers, and all that, then I characterized
him as having done an act, the character of which
I mentioned.
Mr. MALLORY. I am glad my friend has
made this explanation. I did not so understand
him. He will remember but a very few years ago
the Commander-in-Chief of tho Army and Navy
-of this country, the President himself, on a sim-
ilar occasion, pursued a similar course. He not
only pronounced them pirates, in an official pa-
per, but he proclaimed it to foreign nations—the
most unfortunate proclamation ever sent forth by
this Government. American blood flowed freely
in consequence of that proclamation; and when
American citizens stepped forward to shield them,
the proclamation of the President of the United
States denouncing them as traitors was held up
as authority for their execution. I deplored it. at
the time; but it will be remembered that this sen-
timent about these expeditions is broadcast over
the land, and that Commodore Paulding, in enter-
taining the sentiment that there was a military ex-
pedition fitted out, and that, by being fitted out,
the men made themselves amenable to the laws
punishing piracy, does not entertain a singular
sentiment. I do not entertain it. I only shield
him from the imputation of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, as I understood it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not rise to prolong tho
debate, but to return the compliment which my
friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] paid me
when he said he admired my pluck m speaking
my sentiments freely, without fear, when I dif-
fered from the President of the United States. He
has shown his pluck, and various others have
shown theirs, 011 the present occasion. Accord-
ing to the doctrine announced the other day, each
Senator who has done so has read himself out of
the party. I find that I am getting into good
company; I have numerous associates; I am boat-
ing up recruits a little faster than General Walker
is at this time. [Laughter.] I think, however,
it will be found after a while that we are all in the
party, intending to do our duty, expressing our
opinions freely and fearlessly, without any appre-
hension of being excommunicated, or having any
penalties inflicted on us for thinking aud speak-
ing as we choose. If my fuend fiom Louisiana
[Mr. Slidell] were in his seat, I should say to
him, inasmuch as he declared in his Tammany
Hall letter that lie was going to fill by recruits
from tho Republicans nil the vacancies caused by
desertions 111 the Democratic party on account of
differences with the President in opinion, that he
seems to have been very successful to-day in get-
ting leading Republicans on his side, and recruit-
ing his ranks just about as rapidly as there are
desertions 011 this side of the House. [Laughter ]
The Senator from New Yoik, I believe, has the
command of the new recruits. Well, sir, strange
things occur in these days. Men rapidly find
themselves in line and out of line, in the party
and out of the party.
Mr. SEWARD." Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him*
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I have an inducement on this
occasion which is new and peculiarly gratifying
to rnc, which' will excuse me for being found on
the side of the Admimstiation. The message an-
nounces that, in the judgment of the President,
this expedition of Mr. Walker was in violation
of the laws of the land, and therefore to be con-
demned. So far I agree with him; but he goes
further, and pronounces it to be in violation of
u the higher law;'' and I am sure I should be
recreant to my sense of" the higher law" itself, if
I did not come to lus support 011 such an occasion.
[Laughter.]
Mr DOUGLAS. I perceive the consistency
of the Senator from New York in the ground 011
which he bases his support of this message. Now,
sir, so far as the President pronounces this arrest
of General Walker to have been a violation of the
law of tho land, I concur with him. As to the
allusion to " the higher law," I think that is well
enough in its place, but it is not exactly appro-
priate in the execution of the neutrality laws of
the United States. I would rather look into the
statutes of the United States for the authority of
the President to use the Army and Navy in en-
forcing the neutrality laws. By the statute of
1818 he has ample authority within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States; and that jurisdiction
is defined to extend as far as one marine league
from the coast. If an arrest be made within that
distance, the courts of the United States have
jurisdiction, but there is no authority to arrest
beyond that distance. The authority given in the
eighth section of the act, to which reference is
made, but which is not quoted in the message, is
confined in terms to cases within the jurisdiction
of the United States as defined in the act. How
defined ? Defined in the previous sections as being
within one marine league of the coast. It thus
appears that the whole extent of the President's
power to use the Army and Navy under the act
of 1818 is within our own waters and one marine
league from the coast.
I did suppose that the President himself put
that construction on his authority, for I under-
stood him to ask for further and additional au-
thority from Congress to enable him to put down
fillibustering expeditions. What further author-
ity could he want, if the existing laws allowed him
to roam over the high seasand sail around the
world and go within one marine league of every
nation on the earth ? It might be supposed that
his authority was extensive enough to employ his
entire Navy; and that, certainly, he would not
ask for power to invade other nations.
For these reasons I supposed that the President,
on reflection and examination, had come to the
conclusion that his authority was full and ample
within one marine league of our co*ast, and ceased
the moment you passed beyond that on the high
seas. That has been my construction of the neu-
trality laws. I believe it is the fair construction.
I am in favor of giving those neutrality laws a
fair, faithful, and vigorous execution. 1 behove
the laws of the laud should be vigorously and
faithfully executed. There may be public senti- I
ment m certain localities unfavorable to the oper- |
ation of the law, but prejudice should not be
allowed to deter us from its execution. This is |
a Government of law. Let us stand by the laws i
so long as they stand upon the statute-book, and j
execute them faithfully, whether we like or dis- j
like them. j
Sir, I have no fancy for this system of fillibus- 1
teiing. I believe its tendency is to defeat the very !
object thev have m view, to wit: the extension of |
the area oi' freedom and the American flag. The j
President avows that hit; opposition to it is be- '
muse it prevents him from carrying out a line of 1
policy that would absorb Nicaragua and the coun-i
tries against winch these expeditions are fitted ,
out. 1 do not know that I should dissent from ■
the President 111 that object. I would like to see ■
the boundaries of tiiis Republic extended grad- ;
ually and steadily, as fast as we can Americanize ,
the countries we acquire and make their inhabit- '
ants loyal American citizens when we get them, j
Paster than that I would not desire to go. My ■
opposition to tiie Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which ;
pledged the faith of this nation never to annex ,
Central America, or colonize it, or exercise do-.
minion over it, was not based on the ground that j
I desired then to acquire the country; but mas- :
much as I saw that the time might come when .
Nicaragua would not be too far off to be embraced I
within our Republic, being just half way to Cal- I
ifornia,and on the main road there, I was un- ;
willing to pledge the faith of this nation that in all ,
time we never would do that which 1 believed our |
interest and our safety would compel us to do. ;
I have no objection to this gradual and steady ex- j
pansion as fast as we can Americanize the coun- j
tries. I believe the interests of commerce, of \
civilization, every interest winch civilized nations '
hold dear, would be benefited by expansion; but !
still I desire to see it done regularly and lawfully,
and I apprehend that these expeditions have a
tendency to check it. To that extent I have sym- ;
pathizud with the reasons which the President!
has assigned in his message for his opposition to !
them; butl desire thathis opposition shall be con- ,
ducted lawfully; for I am no more willing to allow
lum unlawfully to break them up than I am to
permit them unlawfully to fit them out. I am not
willing to send out naval officers with vague in-
structions, and set them to fillibustering all over
the high seas and in the ports of foreign countries
under the pretext of putting down fillibustering.
Let us hold the Navy clearly within the law.
Let the instructions that are given to our officers
be clear and specific; and if they do not obey the
law, cashier them, or, by other punishment, re-
duce them to obedience to the law.
But in this case it is a very strange fact that
Captain Chatard is degraded and brought home
for not arresting Walker on the identical spot
where Commodore Paulding did arrest him.
Paulding and Chatard are thus placed in a peculiar
position, Paulding arrests him, as we are told,
in violation of law. Chatard is degraded for not
arresting him in violation of law. This shows
that the moment we depart from the path of duty,
as defined by law, we get into difficulty every step
we take. All the difficulties and embarras&ments
connected with the conduct of Paulding and Cha-
tard arise from the fact that in our anxiety to pre-
serve the good opinion of other nations, by put-
ting a stop to fillibustering, we have gone beyond
the authority of law. I think it will be better for
us to confine ourselves to the faithful execution
of the neutrality laws as they stand, and stop
these expeditions, if w-e can, before they are fitted
out. If, notwithstanding our efforts, they escape,
we are not responsible for them. I do not hold
that every three men that leave this country with
guns upon their shoulders are necessarily fitting
out a military expedition against countries with
which we are at peace. Each citizen of the United
States has tho same right under the Constitution
to expatriate himself that a man of foreign birth
has to naturalize himself under our laws. When
the Constitution of the United States declares that
foreigners coming here may be naturalized, it rec-
ognizes the universal principle that all men have
a right to expatriate themselves and become nat-
uralized in other countries. Walker had a right,
under the Constitution of the United States, to
become a naturalized citizen of Nicaragua. Nic-
aragua had the same right to make him a citizen
of that country that we have to make a German
or an Irishman a citizen of this. When Walker
went from California, on his first expedition to
Nicaragua, and became naturalized there, he was
from that moment a citizen of Nicaragua, and not
a citizen of the United States. You have no more
right to tieat Walker as a citizen of the United
States than Great Britain has to follow an Irish-
man to this country and claim that he is a British
subject, after he has been naturalized here. You
have no more right to put your hands on Walker,
after his naturalization by Nicaragua, than Aus-
tria or Prussia has to follow their former subjects
here and arrest them on the ground that they were
once Germans. Walker is a Nicaraguan, aud 1104;
an American. Since he has been President of
that Republic, recognized as such, it is too late for
us to deny that he is a citizen of that country, or
to claim that he is an American citizen. We arc
not responsible for his action when he is once be-
yond our jurisdiction. If he violated our laws
here, we can punish him; but wc have no right
to punish him for any violation of the laws of
Nicaragua. If he invites men to join him, and
they get their necks m the halter, they must not
call upon us to untie the noose after they have
expatriated themselves.
It is a modem doctrinc that no citizen can leave
our shores to engage m a foreign war. We filled
the Russian regiments, during the Crimean war,
with American surgeons, and only lately the Em-
peror of Russia has been delivering medals and
acknowledgments of knighthood to these very
men. We also allowed our men to go and join
the Turks, the English, and the French, and fight
against the Russians. American Senators were
m the habit of giving to their friends letters to the
Russian Minister, m order to enable them to ob-
tain from him commissions in tho Russian army
during the Crimean war. Did we suppose that
we were violating the neutrality laws? Weknew
that each person that went on that service went
on his own responsibility. If he got a leg shot
off he could not call upon us to protect him, orto
punish the man who shot the gun. So it is with
those who choose to go to Nicaragua and try their
fortunes there.
I had hoped that the feverish excitement in
favor of these expeditions would have ceased long
ago, and that we should be enabled to acquire
whatever interest we desired in Central America
in a regular, lawful manner, through negotiation
