1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
til
35tii Cong....1st Sess
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
which they contemplate and advocate admission
under the Lecompton constitution. It will be
more novel, and not less instructive,that I quote
to you what John Van Buren, the most sagacious
of the Democratic Abolitionists of the North, de-
declares on the same subject. In his celebrated
speech at Tammany Hall, he says:
"By admitting Kansas into the Union, you put her in a
condition where she can cure all this evil—stop fraud, and
make heiself a free State; and those men from the free
States who refuse tins oppouumty to admit Kansas with
tiJif? population and their deposition to made the State free,
And who would keep her out as a -hive. State, as she now
i«, until the population is tlnown thcie to make her petma-
ncmly a slave State, will have to answer to their constitu-
ents loi the result they have thus piodueed."
And this sentiment, we are told, was received
with il applause" by the vast Democratic audi-
ence assembled to hear him. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, John Van Buren did not announce anew
Democratic policy at the North. Let me read to
you from a handbill for a Democratic meeting; at
Miifiinsburg, Pennsylvania, September, 185G:
"Democrats! Whigs! Republicans! turn out and learn
the fact that it is the Democratic patty that i-> laboring foi
ftcedoui for Kansas, the a^eition of opposition oiators to
the contiary notwithstanding."
I could quote from Dixand other orators of this
political school, but I forbear. I however affirm
that the northern Democratic advocates of the Le-
compton constitution all maintain this view,con-
tending that it is another measure for freedom.
Should not these bold contrasts, then, teach for-
bearance to our extreme southern friends? espe-
cially when they were told the other day on this
floor, by one of their northern allies, that the North
got the oyster whilst the South got the shell, m
this division of the spoils. Are they not at least
sufficient to silence tin* cry of Abolitionism,"
which, I doubt not, is preparing to be raised
throughout the South against all those who shall
dare to resist this mousuie, so ieally destructive
of every principle the South should hold sacred
and inviolate? But, Mr. Chairman, more than
this, is it not time for us to have a straightforward
and honest policy? Have we not been paltered
with long enough in a double sense ? How much
longer will the South, or the North either, suffer
itself to be deluded thus with fallacious hopes,
having the word of piomisc kept to the ear but
broken to the hope? For myself, I am weary of
the Janus face and the forked tonjjue.
I desire now, Mr. Chairman, to invite your at-
tention to the questions: first, itj the Lecompton
constitution of such legal validity and force as to
claim adoption fiom its inheieiu legality? and,
second, if h'iral m form, are there not facts con-
nected with tt that render it invalid? And, first,
as to its h'iitdity.
I shall nor go ba<'k to inquire into the validity
of the Tei n tonal Lcjslatui i\s of Kansas, i si)all
take them for granted, for all the purposes of my
argument, however great and grating may have
been the improprieties practiced in the earlier
elections under the territorial law. Nevertheless,
those Legislatures have been recognized, and
must be considered the legislative branch of the
de jaclo government of Kansas; and I shall con-
cede to them the right to exercise all powers del-
egated to them by the authority which created
them, to wit: the Kansas-Nebraska act. It will
not be contended that the Legislature of a Terri-
tory can exercise, like the Legislature of a State,
any independent, sovereign powers. The Legis-
lature of a Territory is but the creature of the law
establishing the Territory, and has no power to
step beyond it. It then becomes material to in-
quire what powers did Congress confer upon the
Kansas Legislature? The language of the act is:
''That the legislative power of the Territory
shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United
Slates and tins act." I would venture an origi-
nal argument upon the natuie and extent of tins
qualified and limited legislative power, if argu-
ment upon it had not long ago been merged in
authority, and that authority so high with those
to whom I would commend it, that nothing is
wanting to <rivcitabsolute command. Upon the
admission of Arkansas, during the administration
of President jackson, the question arose, how far
the Territorial Legislature was competent to in-
augurate the preliminary measures to cast off its
tciritonal existence, and to prepare to assume the
!; attitude of a State. This question was submitted
Ij to his Attorney General, Mr. Butler, who used
i the following language:
'! c< To suppose that the legislative powers granted to the
I i Geneial Assembly include the aiuhonty to abrogate, alter,
•, or modify the temtoiml government established by the aet
P of Congress and of which the Assembly is a constituent
j i part, would be manifestly absurd. The act of Congress, so
!! tar as it is consistent with the Constitution of the United
i States, and with the treaty by winch the Territory, as a part
| i of Louisiana, was ceded to the United States, is the .supreme
law of the Territory; it is paramount to the power of the
i Teiritona) L< ^Mature, and can only he revoked o.r alteicd
:: by the aalltouty from winch it emanated. The Geneial
: | Assembly and the people ofthe Tenitory aie a^ much bound
! by its pi ovisions, and a< incapable oi abiogatmu them, the
. Legislatures and people of the Amenean States are bound
j by and incapable of abrogating the Constitution ofthe Um-
l; ted States, it is also a maxim of universal law, that when
i I a paiticular thing i^pioinbited by law, all means, attempt?,
ot oontiivunees to effect =uoh a thing, arc also piohibited.
J, Consequently, it is not in the power ofthe General Assem- ,
:; b!y of Atkansas to pass any law for the purpose of electing
!, meinbeis to fonn a constitution and State government, nor
l' to do any other act. dnectly oi indirectly, to create such
:; new government, ftvery such law, even though it weie ap-
proved by tin: Goveinoi of the Ten may, would be null and
■' void If passed by them, notwithstanding his veto, by a
: ■ vote of two thirds of each bianch, it would still be equally
j | void."
!| This was the ground taken by the AdminisMa-
;[ tion of General Jackson in regard to Arkansas;
jj and the position is an unanswerable one. Any 1
]j law passed by the Tciritonal Legislature of Kan- j
ji sas—which possessed no greater authority than j
li the Territorial Legislature of Arkansas—inuia- ;
ting a convention, is utterly null and void. ;
;| in addition to this, I present you the authority
of Mr. Buchanan, the present distinguished Chief
Magistiateof the United States, whose early coun-
sels are so worthy of the consideration of his '
later years; and who, upon the occasion of the
admission of Michigan, expressed himself m the
following emphatic language:
•{ We ou^hi not to app'i (lie ti"iid ink'- ot ab«traet politi-
cal -cience too ilyniou-iy l<>-neh e,ise< . It has been oui
piaehe.' heiefolbre to ticat oui infant Tennonc-; with pa-
icntal caie, and to nuisc tl.cm with kindness, and when
they bad attaniui ihe as>e of manhood, to admit them into
the family wnhom lequi.ui^ iroin them a ii2id adheience 1
to form-,. The gieat question-: to b« decided are : Do they
contain a sufficient population51 Have they adopted an:- '
publican constitution ? And nie they willing to entei the
Union upon (he letms which we propose i [ fso. ail the p>e-
hmmaiy pioeeedmgj have been com-rp-ivd but nieic foims |
which we have waived in lepeared ni^.aiiM •?. They aie but
tiie seafToIdni" ol the building. which i> of no fiunier ine !
alter the edifice i- complete. \Ve have pm Jued thi> eouise |
m ri (raid to Tennessee, to Ail<anr-a-.and even ro Michigan.
No S'-natot will pretend th.it then Temtonai Le-rivlatin es '
ii id any oglit whatever to pass |a\v< enabling The pi" to
elect deic^.ue^ to a convention for the pui pose ol lon.t.ii'i.)
Siat" < nation, it wa^ an act of u-uupation on then
part.-*1
And on the same subject, Mr. Calhoun, the >
brightest constitutional luminary of all, used the !
following brief but emphatic words:
'• My opinion is, and ever w.v, that the proceeding ofthe 1
people ot Michigan, in takincihe ln--l steps to loim a State
constitution without waiting for the absent of Congress, was
levohmonary." |
If these quotations fail to convince, then, so far
as my Democratic auditors extend, they would :
not be convinced though one rose from the dead. ;
But, to obviate these high authorities and these '
' unanswerablearguments, it is now slated that the ■
j Kansas-Nebraska act is itself an enabling act, dis- j
; pensinffwith all otliers. Unfortunately for those j
i who alllrni tins, it pioves too much for them. !
j That act, it is true, " leaves the people perfectly
I free to form their domestic institutions m their
I own way, suhpet only to the Constif of ion. " Prior
j to if the people had been restrained m tins " per-
i feet freedom" by the provisions of the Missouri
■ compromise line, which prohibited slaves y north
i of 360 30' north latitude.; and this jnovision was
| intended merely to apply to the condition and
privileges of the people when, subsequent to the
repeal of this line, they should come legally to
foi m their domestic iii.stitutions in their own way, ■
; and was not intended to confer upon them any 1
! new powers or privileges, contrary to the consent '
I of Congress, wh--reby they might at plcasuie cast (
1 off their territorial allegiance. If such be not the 1
! true interpretation of this clause: if it conferred
[ upon the people of the Territory the inherent
! right at any time they pleased to form a constitu- i
] tion and claim admission absolutely under it; how
i can we resist the application of those who formed
I the justly and universally lepudiated Topeka con-
! stmuion for admission under it into the Union of
these States? Their constitution is first in point
of time; and it will be observed that it is not the
Legislature of the Territory, but the "pec-ple of
the Territory," that are left " perfectly free to
form their own domestic institutions in their own
way;" and hence, upon this hypothesisand ian-
guage of the law, you need not apply for ah en-
abling act, even from the Territorial Legislature,
because that language does not confer the power '
upon the Legislature, but confers iton the peo-
ple;" and the high prerogative of making a con-
stitution is not a legislative function. Besides, if
the Kansas-Nebraska act enabled the Legislature
of Kansas to call a constitutional convention, why
did President Pierce recommend, and "why did the
Democratic Senateunderhis administration, with
a singular unanimity, pass an act authorizing
Kansas to call a convention ?
Without pursuing this argument further, I con-
clude, from the high authorities cited, and from
the reasons already adduced, first, that the Legis-
lature of Kansas was not competent to commit
an actof political suicide, and to subvert and over-
turn the very power of which they were but con-
stituted the keepers, guardians, and preservers,
by the Congress of the United States; and second,
that the Kansas territorial law was in no sense
an act which enabled its Legislature thus to sub-
vert the territorial existence at its pleasure.
It follows, then, that the Lecompton constitu-
tion is not an imperative legality; that it cannot
challenge and demand our implicit and unques-
tioning submission, because it comes accredited
to us by all the regularities and forms of law. But
losing these high pretensions, which are all the
title that it brings, it loses all. For, unless it can
be sustained upon the ground of legitimacy, it has
no other foundation to sustain it.
Mr. Chairman, let it not be inferred from any-
thing I havo said that J hold it illegal or rebellious
for a Territorial Legislature to institute prelimi-
nary proceedings in order to bring about the trans-
ition from a territorial to a State condition. All
i wish % establish is that their proceedings bind
not the Government of the United States, or ren-
der it m any sense imperative upon such Govern-
ment to admit such Territory into the Union as a
State, meiely because the Territorial Legislature
have gone regularly through the foi mahticsit may
have instituted. The power of the United States,
and theduty ofthe United States, st.md untouched
nnd unalfeeted by these subordinate territorial
formalities, exccpt so far as they may address
themselves to the Congress of the United States
as matter of petition, deserving its favorable con-
sideiation from their mheient merit, and not from
their inherent legality.
2. If ilio Lecompton constitution be legal in
form, are ihcie not facts connected with it that
render it invalid in fact > Mr. Chairman, this field
of argument hus been perfectly exhausted. Let
me add but a few words to what has been so much
better said By so many others. And let me premise
that the Congress of the United States is under
no stress, or legal or political necessity,to admit
new States into this Confederacy. Neither Kan-
sas, nor any other Territory, can demand as a
right, admission into this Union; although she
may have formed a republican constitution, and '
although every man, woman, and child within her
borders de.sued it, yet the right and the power to
admit or not to admit, according to its own will
or pleasure, rests alone m the Congress of the
U nited States.
This high power and unlimited discretion is ex-
pressed m the Constitution of the United States
m the simple words, " New States may be ad-
mitted bythe Congress into this Union." fn the
exeictse of this high pierog&tive, perhaps the most
murally grand uf any which our currcnt history
exhibits, the Congress has the right, and it is its
duty, to look with the utmost scrutiny and cnu-
tion upon every fact, circumstance, and condition
which bears upon the prudence, fitness, and pro-
priety of the permanent relations it is .about to
establish between the new comer into the Con-
federacy and the old; and if there be any time and
any act which, above all others, should demand
the exercise of the utmostgoocl faith, forbeaiance,
and honesty, it is this. 1 do not hesitate to de-
clare that, if new States are to be precipitated into
this Confederacy contrary to the consent of a ma-
