2384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
if so, where did you make his acquaintance, and how long
have you known him ?
" Answer. lam. J have been acquainted with him some-
thing ovei a year; became acquainted with him in German
township atoresaid, where I reside.
" Question 81. Where does he now reside, and where has
be resided for the year last past?
"Answer. lie resides in Indiana. He came to Ohio in
August last, and remained with his relatives in our town-
ship until the day of election. He left then, and T have not
heard of him since ; do not know where he is. He came in
fiom Indiana a year ago last fall, when I first made his ac-
quaintance. He was on a visit then, and remained with his
fiiends s ome live or six weeks, and returned to Indiana
again. He came back to Ohio again in August last, as be-
fore stated."
Is that hearsay ?
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman cannot escape
me in that way. My question was as to how he
voted, and why (/on deducted him from Vallandig-
Kam's poll ? Show me the direct proof on that
point.
Mr. GILMER. There may be other proof; but
I cannot readily turn to all points of thus evidence.
Mr. LAMAR. You may turn till doomsday;
you will not find it.
Mr. GILMER. It was to hearsay the gentle-
man referred.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to state that I have
waited with great patience for the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] to fulfill his pledge. He
said that he could prove, by the rules of evidenee
on which I predicated my argument, that more
than one non-resident of the State of Ohio had
votpd at that election for Mr. Campbell. He lias
not pointed to one tittle of evidence of that sort,
and I say to the gentleman that he cannot do it.
Allow him to take his view of the case, and it is not
necessary to produce the best evidence. Hearsay
will answer the purpose to prove that the mail
voted for Campbell, and to prove the fact that he
was a non-resident. What I war|t is the proof.
Mr. LAMAR. I will reply to the gentleman
in this way. I took the report of my friend fiom
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] signed by all those
of the committee who support Mr. Campbell's
claims, and showed him that, upon the basis which
he srtid that he would admit 
Mr. GfLVIER. I hope my friend does not
intend to misunderstand me. i asked lnm ^o show
where the mere admission 
A Member. Is this irregular debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr BINGHAM. The gentleman has not done
what he proposed to do; ami, with all respect to
him, 1 do not think he can do it.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to make one or two
remai ksin reference to one conclusion which gen-
tlemen seem to arrive at with great satisfaction to
themselves. It isns to the proofot voters going to
the polls and claiming to be Republicans. That
sort of proof goes to show that certain men voled
tiie Republican ticket; and from that the conclu-
sion has been drawn that all those who voted the
Republican ticket, or who called themselves Re-
publicans, had justly been charged with voting for
Mr. Campbell. Now, I wish merely to refer to
the printed evidence, and to read the Republican
ticket, which is set forth there, and which is re-
ferred to by the committee, or that portion of it
which has reported unfavorably to the silting
member, to show that, in this instance, where a
Republican ticket was'used—and used, I presume,
by a Republican—that the contestant claims a vote
given on that Republican ticket. I wish merely
to refer to it as a signal evidence that neither Mr.
Vailanuigham is justly chargeable with the votes
of all the Democrat* who voted at thai election,
nor A J r. Campbell with the votes of all the Re-
publicans, or those who voted the Republican
ticket at that election. I refer to the 4lhh page of
the evidence. It is as follows:
Supreme Judge, ( full term,)
Jofciah  Scutt.
Supreme Judge, {skoitterm})
Ozui s'iiuwuri.
Board of Pu'ihc Works^
John Waddle.
rerun Lie an ticket.
•Auditor,
Damul U. Diyden.
Skcnjf,
Samuel C. Emley.
Cominiiiionei')
John r. Piatt.
•Attorney Gencr-el.
Christopher P. W.iicott.
School Cjini/ii^u)ier,
Aiibun rinnth.
Congrcti,
Cnmmon Pleas Judge,
ju!>enezei Parsons,"
C. h. Valtandigham.
Inspector,
C. P Leonhaid.
Flour Inspector,
,Y. It. Uennett.
Poik Impei tor,
Joseph Biixim
County Infiimariff
Peter Sunncr."
The report of the committee which is unfavor-
able to Mr. Campbell includes that vote for Mr.
Vallandigham, though his name is under the head
of "Common Pleas Judge;" and that, too, when
contained in a Republican ticket.
Mr. LAMAR. The minority of the commit-
tee who report against Mr. "Vallandigham allow
lnm that vote. If not, the objection is a valid one.
Mr.- HARLAN. It is immaterial to the point
I raise, which goes to show that all the Republi-
cans at that election did not vote for Mr. Camp-
bell, and that the conclusion that all who did vote
at that election voted for Mr. Campbell is not a
legitimate, or, at least, an invariable one. I think
that if th'e poll-books were canvassed, it would be
ascertained that a. great many other gentlemen
who called themselves Republicans omitted to
vote for my friend, the sitting member, and fur-
ther, that those who claimed to be Democrats did
not. ail vote for the contestant. So I understand
the evidence to read. I merely wished to rebut
the presumption on which the committee have
proceeded, that all the Republicans voted for one,
and all the Democrats for the other.
Mr. LAMAR. I desire to say) Mr. Speaker,
that I consider the gentleman's argument a good
one, and it proves that the rule is not an invari-
able one. I do not regard it as an unerring test.
The ballot produced proves that there was m the
third congressional district of Ohio at least one
repentant sinner. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. I think there were a great
many repentant sinners on the other side.
As the gentleman who has just taken his seat
read the testimony as to the manner m which Sul-
livan was made judge of the election in the sec-
ond ward in the city of Dayton, my object in
rising was merely to refer to the evidence which
shows the manner and form in which that judge
was appointed. The evidence does establish the
fact that he was appointed by the general consent
of the bystanders on the ground on the morning
of the election, and that the appointment was con- '
curred in by all present, Mr. Vallandigham him- i
self included. I ask the Clerk to read the twen- 1
ty-fifih, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty- [
eighth, and twenty-ninth questions put to Mr. |
Phillips as to the manner in which that judge was
constituted.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Question li.'t. About how many peisons wore picsent at
the time Sullivan an ived at tin* ]toils ? At what time were
tlie polls opened ?
Answer. ! think about ten oradosen poi sons were pres-
ent when Sullivan miivcil, i think the pollrf woie opened
about a (jii.u toi altei s-even
" Question & . On the a nival of Sullivan was the outcry
of ' heic he eoineV ' -<\vi:<u him in,' &e., fiom the hy^tand-
ci<—ami il >o. wa< it geneial?
" Answer. It wai ageneial exclamation from the bystand-
ers
" Question 27. Was there any one among the bystanders
who objected to Sullivan as judge ot the election on that
day ?
•'k .'lnwr. No objection made.
" Question Was Cl'MU'Hit L Vallandigham there when
Sullivan ainved, or at any other tune duimg the morning
before Sullivan arnved ?
"Answer. 1 think he \va-> there all the time.
"QurJion 20 Did he seem todeMiethat Sullivan should
«erve as judge on that day ?
11 Answer. He m:ule no objection to me. I pained to «(-e
if any objection would be made, and then &u ot e Csinhvon j
ill.*5
Mr. TIAR.LAN. I also ask the Cleik to read '
the evidence of Mr. Sullivan on the same point, j
as found on pfi°'e 58. !
The Clerk read as follows: * j
" Question 9. What occurred ori the morning of the 14th ;
day of October lo^t, on youi arrival at the poll* in the bee- j
ondwaid5 t^tnte fully. I
i: Answer. When 1 arnved at the polls several voices i
cried out,' lleie lie comes! swear lnm in, «o that the polls
may be opened.' Thoie w.v not to o\eced some ten per-
son< piesent, and I thought all defied me to aet as judge,
" Question 10. Wa< any onjection made to you by any i
of the b) standeis ? i
<■ Answer. None whatever. i
" Question W. \Va> the outcry of winch you speak made !
by tho^e who were waiting at the polls to vote; and it >o, ,
did they uenei.iilv join in the outcry of ;heie he comes,' ,
< swear him in ?' See. |
''Answer. Jt was from the bystanders, and it was general !
fiom all present. ;
'• Question 13. Weie the duties of judjres and clerks of I
the election then and there di-chaiged laithfulh and impar- 1
tially? " j
Answer. They weie." ,
Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman allow the
Clerk to read an extract from the same testimony
on the piecedmg page?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly
The Clerk read as follows:
" Question 2. Did Chapman ask you to act as judge of
election jn his place on that day? When did he thst ask
you to so act. and how often ? Who else, if anybody, spoke
to you to act ?
"Answer. Mr. Chapman met me in the street a few days
prior to the election, arid said to me that his family was in
such a situation that he feared he would be unable to act
[ as judge in thesecond ward, and a?ked me whether I would
j act in his place if he found it impossible to act, and [ an-
; swered in the affirmative ; and on the morning of the elec-
; tion he came to my house about seven, a. in., and said they
' were waiting at the polls for me, so that the election might
be opened. We then started together for the polls, and just
as we got within a square of the place of election he left mo,
as hp said, to go home to breakfast.
"Question 3. Do you know of any other authority for
your acting that day as a judge of election than the appoint-
ment and request of John B. Chapman, as aforesaid?
"•Answer. I do not know as I do."
Mr. HARLAN. This does not conflict with
the evidence to which I have referred, and I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I suppose that all the
evidence submitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions is to be found in their report of December
15, 1857. I would inquire of the gentleman from
Mississippi if that be so?
Mr. LAMAR. That is so, I believe.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. With a view to ar-
rive at a conclusion satisfactory to myself, and to
determine my vote, I have examined this testi-
mony, and the* case of all the voters whose votes
have been arraigned either by the contestant or
the sitting- member. I find that the contestant has
arraigned as illegal votes some seventy-two or
seventy-five; that the sitting member has arraigned
some twenty-five. From a careful examination
of this testimony, myself siting in judgment upon
each individual case as I found it m the evidence,
without regard to technicalities, and without re-
gard to the legality or illegality of the notice, I
have made a list, from the beginning of this tes-
timony to the end, of the voters whose votes have
been called in question. I have set dawn as ille-
gal voters those which the evidence has satisfied
me were illegal voteis m one column, to be de-
ducted from the vote of Campbell, and in another
column, under the head of " not proved," I have
set down the names of those whose votes I have
regarded as not having been established us il-
legal.
Of the votes cast for Campbell, I find fourteen
to be illegal; of those cast for Vallandigham, I find
thirteen to be illegal, and only thirteen upon any
legal, competent showing, i find also, from the
testimony submitted to the Committee of Elec-
tions, that the judges should have allowed Val-
landigham two votes that were not allowed him
in the Lemon township. I also find four votes
which should have been allowed to Campbell
which were not allowed to him.
Assuming, then, that the sitting member has
received, according to the official canvass, nine
thousand three hundred and thirty-eight votes,
there should be four votes added, and fourteen
deducted therefrom. His l^gal vote, then, would
be nine thousand three hundred and twenty-eight.
Vallandigham received, according to the official
canvass, nine thousand three hundred and nine-
teen, to which two votes should be added and
thirteen deducted, leaving him nine thousand three
hundred and eight. This vote of Vallandigham,
deducted from that of Campbell, would leave a
majority of twenty in favor of Cnmpbell.
If I had been a member of the Committee of
Elections, I should have come to this conclusion.
As amemtferof the House, I have arnved at that
result, and I shall feel constrained to vote to re-
tain the sitting member m his seat.
In this calculation, Mr. Speaker, I have rejected
all hearsay evidence. I have understood from the
beginning of the examination that the rule of law
in logard to secondary evidence, as to whom a
voter voted for, can only be allowed when the
voter himself has declined to testify. I have also
excluded as evidence the inference that a man
voted for Mr. Vallandigham from the fact that he-
was a Democrat, and voted the Democratic ticket;
because I do not think that that is evidence which
ought to satisfy this House, or satisfy any judicial
tribunal, that the voter, in that particular instance,
cast his vote for Mr. Vallandigham. Nor do I
think the proof that a class of voters were under-
stood to be Republicans, and weie brought to the
polls by Republicans—their votes pressed by Re-
publicans, and resisted by Democrats—without
