27-2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
^Admission of Kansas—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
terial portion of the old ones, and above all, with
constitutions contrary to the ascertained will of
a material portion of the citizens of such new
State, then are the sappers and miners at work
beneath the foundations of the Republic, and the
enemy to its perpetuation has entered within its
walls.
Mr. Chairman, if we could for a moment re-
lieve ourselves of all party bias and excitements,
we should find the facts pertaining to the Kansas
question to be few and simple. A portion of its
people are in favor of a constitution with slavery,
another portion are in favor of a constitution with-
out it. For years they have boon waging a dis-
reputable contest, disturbing1 the quiet and repose
of the Union, and seeking political advantages of
each other. Both of these parties have made
themselves a constitution—one at Topeka, rely-
ing for its support upon your naked doctrine of
popular sovereignty; the other at Lecompton, ic-
lyino upon popular sovereignty indorsed *by legis-
lative intervention, without congressional sanc-
tion. The latter is much the better, I think, of the
two, hut both bad. Each party has endeavored,
as far as possible, to ignore the other, and to re-
frain from a recognition of the legal validity of Us
acts. The free-State party believed it was out-
i\i*4ed and trodden down by an invasion from Mis-
souri, which gave despotic character to the .Le-
gislature, inasmuch as it was elected, not by the
people of the Territory, hut by alleged invaders,
and hence, thereafter, it abstained from partici-
pating m elections authorized by this Legislature.
Whilst the slave-State party denied the extent of
the foiceand violence charged by their opponents,
and justified themselves by the charge that emi-
grant aid societies had thrown upon Kansas, for
the piupose of controlling its domestic institu-
tions, a population as ypunous as any introduced
from aejacrnt States.
Tims waged the war until delegates were au-
th'in:'ed to be chosen by the Terri(or,;tl Legisla-
ture to form a const11 ution prep.ua I'U y t^ the ad -
mis.Mon of Kansas into the Union. Eiom this
point onward we have a ri<rht, and it is our duty,
to look, m order to ascei t;un what it is proper for
us to do. Delegates, under the law, were to bo
apportioned aim nig i he t hirty-four counties of the
Territory according to their population, to be as-
oeitamcd by ,i census directed to be taken. This
was (air and ri^ht, and ought to have been done;
but, if we may beheve the veiy highest authon-
ties on thej subject, it was not done, and by reason
of' the failure, nearly one half of the counties of
the Temtoiy were denied any representation m
the convention that formed the constitution under
winch they weie to Inc. Hear what Governor
"Walkoi and Seen Mry Stanton say on this sub-
jeet. Lioverior Walker, m In*; letter to General
Ga^s, of the Jotb i )e< emiu r, lti37, says:
a hi urni i 'ci! oi t ee^ > < onntie • f !i 'n- \\<i< no census mid
theiefoie lleue ciiiiM [).•!!(> -II- li iippoi [Minim-lit their ot
delegate-, ba-ed upon fjicli een-u ; and at hiieen ei thc^e
enuiiiu'^ ttii'ji'ua no ieui<u> of vole is. The«.e lifieen couu-
tn's, UK luihn<; ma:i\ ot Hie oldest oij^uir'/'d counties oi I lie
Ten itory. wer • emneiy <'i- iian<diHrd. and d'J imt ni\ c. and
(by no !. oi It oC tiu-u own) could not give, a ^ohtai) \ oti: tor
delegate^ to the convention." * * *- * *
In bitceu eouniie« out of the thnty-loui ilicr<; v.ih no
ic"ji-11 \\ and not .i m.Ii; us vote wa^invrn. oi euiikt he «ri\ en,
loi <lei"^atc - to the com ention ni ;ui> ot lhe.se couniio."
Governor Stan ton, in corroboration of this state-
ment, in his address to the people of die United
States, says:
Tiie registration requoed h\ law Lad been imperfect ni
ail the <. oiiiili'>. and liad been wholly omitted ni oik1 halt
o, i;k tu ; nor eonld 'he [-"opie o' the di - ti;ui<'hi.-ed count let-
vote in an} a >| ■ ent i-oiniiy. :oti;e- i)Cv,n Ul-eiy^u^Osted."
I could multiply proofs on this subject, but it
is unnecessary. These are sufiicient, except to
those determined m t to belit ve. Jt is true that
many of the free-State party refused to vote for
delegates to form the constitution. They pro-
fessed to behove, and peihdps did beheve, they
would be defrauded out of their votes by their op-
ponents, who had complete control of all the ma-
chinery by which the elections were to be con-
ducted; and they weie unwilling, as before stated,
by voting :H an election authoi,zed by what they
(.'.•nominal*'.! the l.oi>us Legislature, to recognize
tho vahuity of Ks acts, I am not their advocate
or defender. J t:;i  k in all this they did wrong;
and the other side were wrong in not taking the
cer^us and registn-non as far as practicable, to
give to all the right and unquestionable American
privilege of being represented in the body which
was to ordain their highest law. The free-State
party in some of the counties made an attempt to
elect delegates to the convention, notwithstanding
the failure to take the census and registration.
Their delegates were rejected. I will not dwell
on these things. One fact of importance, during
the progress of this election, occurred. It was the
unequivocal, clear, distinct, and absolute promise
of the Governor, in his own name, and in the
name of the President of the United States; it was
the promise of his Secretary, Mr. Stanton; it was
the promise of Mr. Calhoun and many of his as-
sociates, that the constitution, when formed by the
convention, should be submitted to the people for
their ratification or rejection. *
Governor Walker, everywhere in Kansas,
pledged his honor, by the approval, as he told the
people, of the Presidcntand his Cabinet, that the
constitution should be submitted. Without stop-
ping to refer to his inaugural, in which he is most
emphatic on this point, I read from a speech of
his, delivered at Topeka, on the 8th of June, 1857,
and published in the Topeka Statesman of the 9th:
u At the next election, in October, when jou o)cet the
Teintonal jie i-dnnire,yrm can repeal the>e laws and you
can aNo, by a majouty of your own voto<, adopt or reject
the constitution, pi evented for your coitBideiation, next fall.
Can you nor peaceably decide this (inesstioii in tin; mode
poiiitedont by aciof Connre--, if jon, as you can and will,
have a full oppoi tumt.v of leeoidim? your vote? [A voice.
' How .ire we to yet it:'| You will got it by the convention
submitting the constitution to the vine of the whole people.
[A voice, * Who i-> to elect ilie convention ? That is the
{irutid question.'] (Jrntlcmen, it a comparatively small
point by whom the constitution i^ submitted. Do not let us
runaway after shadows. The ijreat substantial point is this:
Will the whole people ot ltansi?> next hill, by a fan election,
tetpio ti.iilv and fauly conducted by imputtinl judged, have
an oppoiunnty to decide foi themselves what shall be their
I oi in ot «ovei inucnt, and what shall lie iheir social institu-
tion-.'' 1 -nv they will ; but I j:o a Sep timber. [A. voice.
1 Have \ou the power ;,J If I have not the power to bung
it about, u the eon vent ion will not do it, I u ill join you m
Jawinl oppo men to then pioeeedm<]>. [Cue-- ot • (Jood !'
; c < iaod k We hold \ou to youi promise. Nothing can bo
j ashed i.urei'than that.'!''
J This, with mo, is high matter of substance.
J Here you see a people, jealous of their rights,
j holding earnest question with their Governor, and
i receiving from him solemn answer, touching those
important rights upon which we are acting now;
and in consideration of his solemn pledge that the
constiiution should be fairly submitted to them,
yielding it up indifferently to be formed by these
who might be selected to do it, yet relying upon
their own ultimate right to pass judgment upon
it in the laNt resort. Shall we obtain the benefits
of their non-action, without complying with the
conditions upon which it was procured ' Shall
we, in tiny sense, fail to comply with the solemn
assurances thus given? It will not do to say that
Governor Walker had no authority to make these
assnianees. That he had the authority of the
Piesident there is no doubt. lie states it, and it
is not denied. Whether lie had authority or not,
the confiding people believed he had; and it would
bo inconsistent with all my notions of propriety
and honor to take ad vantage of their ignorance or
credulity to wring from them advantages which
they at least held sacred. I cannot—I will not
do it.
How the constitution was submitted, Mr. Chair-
man, we all know. The slavery clause was only
submitted: and, strange to tell, you could not vote
against the slavery clause without swearing to
support the constitution with shivery. An act
like that needs no comment, f am a slaveholder
and a friend of slavery; but, thank God, slavery
needs no instrumentality like that for its exten-
sion ; and its most dangerous adversaries are those
who would identify it with violations of personal
propriety and honor, and especially with an out-
It rage upon the unquestioned American right of
!■ the people, when forming a constitution, to say
!' whether it shall exist with them or not. When
i; the slavery clause of the constitution was sub-
mitted, some six thousand two hundred and
twenty-six are reported to have voted for it, of
winch subsequent investigations have shown two
thousand seven hundred and twenty were fraud-
ulent; five hundred and sixty-nine votes were
cast in favor of the constitution without slavery;
thus leaving only two thousand nine hundred and
thirty-seven vuteii in favor of the constitution
with slavery. So great was the excitement of the
people of Kansas at the events I have thus de-
tailed, that we are informed by Governor Stanton
that'they were almost on the point of civil war,
which was only prevented by his convening the
Legislature.
In the hope (which proved successful) of re-
storing peace, a law was passed taking the sense
of the entire people for and against the constitu-
tion, abolishing all test oaths, and leaving all free
to vote just as they pleased. The result of that
election was that ten thousand two hundred and
twenty-six persons voted against the constitution.
The friends of the Lecompton constitution did
not vote. This election was held on the 4th of
January, 3858.
Mr. PEYTON. I ask my colleague whether he
believes that the ten thousand two hundred and
twenty-six votes cast on the 4th of January were
all bona fide legal voters?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state, in all frank-
ness, that it is my opinion—mere guesswork, of
course—that it is highly probable they were not.
I will say, however, m all candor to my col-
league, whose interruption is agreeable,, or cer-
tainly not embarrassing to me, that there is no
proof that any of that vote was fraudulent or il-
legal, and that all concurrent testimony agrees in
proving that three-fourths, or more, of the inhab-
itants of Kansas arc inimical to the constitution.
Mr. PEYTON. I would like to know from
my colleague how he arrives at that conclusion r
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am giatified at the op-
portunity of saying to my friend that 1 arrive at it
from various sources of information—authentic
sources which are open both to him and myself—■
and from private statements from gentlemen of
the highest respectability cognizant of the facts.
It is the uniform report coming to us from Kansas,
that there is a decided, an unqualified, and almostan
unmitigated disinclination on the part of the peo-
ple to accept the Lecompton constitution. I trust
my fiiend is answered. And now I ask him
whether he would force any constitution or form
of government upon any people against their
will?
Mr. PEYTON. I will reply to my colleague
very frankly and very candidly, that I would not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I knew, sir, that there
was a Kentucky spirit beating tn my friend's bo-
som which would keep him from such a course.
Mr. PEYTON. Will my friend permit me to
state my own position in regard to this matter?
Mr. UNDERWOOD, l" hope my colleague
will not exhaust too much of my time.
Mr. PEYTON. I ask him whether, in all State,
county, and presidential elections, it is not well
' known that there are more or less improper fraud-
ulent votes polled ? That there have been fraud-
ulent votes polled in Kansas I have but little
doubt: and I have as little doubt that in any elec-
tion, from the first authorizing of the convention
down to the final ratification, there have been votes
enough withheld to have changed the result. My
colleague says that if the fraudulent votes on the
ratification of the constitution were thtown out,
there would be only twenty-seven hundred votes
left. Well, that may be so; but then those who
did not go to the polls authorized those who did
to vote for them, and this left a clear majority of
twenty-seven hundred votes in favor of the con-
stitution. Now, I ask my friend if he thinks that
the votes cast on the 4th of January were all legal ?
I say, that out of the ten thousand two hundred
votes cast on that day against the Lecompton con-
stitution, nine thousand six hundred weie polled
in those registered counties where the pro-slavery
party had cast six thousand votes in favor of the
constitution '
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In regard to the le^Hty
of that election, my friend will bear me Witney;
that I have, at least, endeavored to establish the
proposition that these elections were not of urcii
a character as to demand of the people to come
to the pells, and hence,rfhat lus position doei not
apply, that those who £tay away from the elec-
tion authorise those who go to vote for them.
My friend asks mo in regard to the nine thousand
six hundred votes cast m the counties which had
already given six thousand majority in favor of
; the constitution; and I ask him if he will vnfure
I to say, on his integrity as a gentleman, and a
