131Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
assent which it is alleged they technically gave
when their Territorial Legislature authorized its
assembling; that there is no locus pcnitcntiis; that
they signed the bond and must pay the forfeit;
that the usurpation of that convention must be
perpetuated by the action of Congress; and that
our eyes and ears are closed to any.iniquitieJT no
matter how gross, which may have followed in
its train.
Sir, shall representatives of the people of Amer-
ica respond by such cold and cheerless logicas this
to the remonstrances of ten thousand men? Sir,
I regard the whole argument as fallacious. That
convention derived its power through the Terri-
torial Legislature, who prescribed the limitations
of the power. That Legislature still lives, ex-
ercising the sovereignty of the people of Kansas,
while the convention, to whom they delegated the
work of forming a "constitution, shorn of their
power, have become mingled and lost among her
people.
Is there a man upon this floor who will lay his
hand upon his heart and say, that if the constitu-
tion proffered to us had been silent upon the sub-
ject of slavery any such argument would have
been deemed unanswerable?
If it had happened that the so-called free-State
men ofKansas had, by similar processes or omis-
sions, acquired control of the organization of that
convention, and sought, against the wishes of the
people of Kansas, as evidenced by the action of
her Territorial Legislature, to impose a constitu-
tion upon them, to last even for an hour, it is my
sincere belief that the representatives of the De-
mocracy of the North would have stood, as we now
stand, in calm and firm resistance to the wrong.
Mr. Chairman, can the people ofKansas change
that constitution immediately, if we should place
it upon them by the act of admission ? If they
can; if it so be that its imposition—if obnoxious
to her people—if violative of the principle of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and subversive of the the-
ory of self-government which forms the base of
our American system—can work but temporary
evil, and bring about the result sought by the
President, and declared by him as the sequence
of admission, so cordially do I sympathize with
his noble and patriotic declaration " that the peace
and quiet of the whole country are of far greater
importance than the mere temporary triumph of
either of the political parties in Kansas," that I
should with less hesitation give my vote in ac-
cordance with his recommendation.
But in the exercise of that private judgment
which I have no right to resign, and with the
strongest desire to accede to the policy of an Ad-
ministration which I sincerely believe have the
good of the country at heart, I find it impossible
fully to concur. I am so constituted that I have
not the power to resist the conclusions to which
I arrive, after the most deliberate survey that I
am able to take of the facts before me; and if the
declaration ofmy honorable colleague, [Mr.Tay-
lor,] that to err against such an Administration
as that which has our confidence is criminal, be
true, 1 have only to say that I would at any time
commit the crime he denounces, to avoid the
greater one of giving a vote which I conceive to
e antagonistic to the true interests of the coun-
try, and violative of the principles of justice and
of truth.
Mr. Chairman, the principle which justifies the
American Revolution, namely, the right of resist-
ance to a government which has become intoler-
able, and the right of the people to change their
form of government, is recognized in the bill of
rights of the Lecompton constitution. It under-
lies every State constitution, and is imbedded
deep in the hearts of our people. It is the law of
Jlmeriea.
In the exercise of that enduring and irrepeal-
able right, the people ofKansas can unquestion-
ably throw off the tyranny of any constitution
which can be imposed upon them. But I find my-
self unable to accord with those who hold, that
notwithstanding the prohibitions of a constitu-
tion, and in defiance of a specific mode of amend-
ment or change expiessly provided, the people
can, lit any time, subvert their fundamental law;
I am inclined to agree with the honorable gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and
others, who regard a reasonable degree of perma-
nence as a valuable feature in our American sys-
tem. I have 110 doubt but that the Legislature of
any State may initia'te the proceedings for a con-
vention to frame a new constitution; that such
convention may ordain a new fundamental law;
that the people may acquiesce in the change, and
thus the work of revolution be accomplished with-
out violence or bloodshed. This spectacle has
often been exhibited. But the Legislature, which
is the machinery to set this train m motion, must
be in the control of those who would disorganize
and organize anew, otherwise an effort on the part
of the people to change their constitution is the
wild frenzy of the howling mob. To that dread
remedy I would not subject even the rebellious
people ofKansas.
It follows, therefore, that the power to change
their constitution or form of government depends
wholly upon the control which they can obtain
of the machinery of the State.
The President has said in his message trans-
mitting the Lecompton constitution:
"The Legislature [of Kansas] already elected, may at
its very first session submit the question to a vote of the
people, whether liiey will or will not nave a convention to
amend thoir constitution, and adopt all necessary means
forgiving effect to the popular will."
Make this declaration true, and assure its ful-
fillment in respect to Kansas, and I will vote for
her admission as ameasure of peace, and not other-
wise. But the President's assertion of the ac-
knowledged right of revolution, or any abstract
assertion of that right which Congress may make,
is very far from establishing the proposition that
the people of Kansas "^can make and remake
their constitution at pleasure." You must, in ad-
dition, provide the machinery which will permit
this great change of fundamental law to be at-
tempted, without treason to established govern-
ment, and without subversion of social order.
Can this bo done? I have no doubt of the power
of Congress to prescribe conditions for the ad-
mission of a new State, and that without doing
violence to the acknowledged principle of non-in-
tervention. Congress cannot make or alter their
constitution; butit can compel them to make one
for themselves, or in default, deny their applica-
tion for admission.
Mr. Chairman, something is due to the opin-
ions of the Executive. Much of individual opinion
may be sacrificed to meet the demand which the
country makes, that the peace and harmony of
the Union be not endangered. Something is to
be yielded to produce harmony in that great party
which, when united and acting in adherence to its
principles, can guide the destinies of the nation.
Something may, perhaps, be accorded to allay the
irritability of the people of the South, excited
by an entire misapprehension of the real and sub-
stantial difficulties which lie in the way of the ad-
mission ofKansas—difficulties which they them-
selves would regard as insurmountable could they
bocome assured, as they ought to be, by their
public men that the question of slavery is in no
manner material to the issue.
And when I can be satisfied that the admission
of Kansas can accomplish the ends indicated in
the President's message; if it will, to employ his
language, " restore peace and quiet to the whole
country," "localize the excitement," "cause it
to perish for want of outside aliment," "enable
the Executive to withdraw the troops from Kan-
sas," "and dissipate the dark and ominous clouds
which now impend over the Union," and at the
same time do no violence to the rights of the people of
Kansas, and give no success to the frauds which have
dishonored her name, I will no longer oppose,
j But all these results cannot be secured without
ja clear, distinct, and unequivocal declaration in
j a form of a condition of admission. I will not be
critical as to form, provided it shall honestly and
effectually and certainly secure the great work
of justice and pacification,—provided the scheme
of admission shall be such as shall exonerate the
Democratic party of the Union, and the Admin-
istration of their choice, from the imputation un-
justly made, of seeking to impose upon the peo-
ple of Kansas a constitution, which, from the
evidence before us, I cannot torce myself to the
belief, is in accordance with the wishes of her
people.
Mr. Chairman, speaking for myself alone, I
doubt all the claims of Kansas for present admis-
sion; I distrust her possession of a sufficient pop-
ulation, or of that degree of stability and order
which should be deemed preliminarily requisite
to the intrustment of her people, with the plen-
ary powers of State sovereignty; I am not satis-
fied that her proceedings have been sufficiently
regular; I am not entirely convinced that the ap-
plication to-which it is proposed to listen, is that
of the people of Kansas, speaking through the
form in which their voice can be unmistakably
recognized. While I talte no pride in her history,
while I have no sympathy with the scenes of
fraud and violence which have signalized her ca-
reer, while I detest the invasions upon the great
rights of honest suffrage which have stained her
traditions, I will, nevertheless, yield my reluctant
assent to her admission to the Union, provided
the bill can be so framed that no permanent mis-
chief can result to Kansas or the country; and the
people, who, under the guidance of Providence,
are to develop her destinies, shall have secured to
them the right to form, without wrong and with-
out violence, the institutions under which they
and their children are to live.
At the expiration of Mr. Clark's hour, the
hammer fell.
Mr. KILGORE obtained the floor.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move that the gentleman
from New York have leave to proceed. I want
to know where he is upon this question.
The CHAIRMAN. If there bo no objection,
the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. KILGORE. I have no objection, if it does
not come out of my time.
There was no objection, and Mr. Clark con-
tinued his speech for ten minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the unani-
mous consent of the committee was given to the
gentleman from New York to proceed with his
remarks for a few moments beyond his time, and
not ad infinitum.
Several Members. It is too late to object now.
The CHAIRMAN. If objection is made, the
gentleman from New York cannot proceed fur-
ther. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kil-
gore] is entitled to the floor.
« Mr. GROW. Is it not too late to make objec-
tionnow? I rise to a question of order. Mypoint
is this: when the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee has been given for the gentleman from New
York to continue his remarks is it not too late to
make objection after he has proceeded ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
pointof order. Unanimous consent was not given
to the gentleman for any particular length of time,
but he occupied the floor during the unanimous
consent of the committee.
Mr. GROW. I understood the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee to be, that the gentle-
man should finish his speech.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the gen-
tleman from New York, will conclude his speech
in five minutes—I do not object to that. I am will-
ing to allow him to go on for that length of time
further; but I am not willing to concede to the
gentleman, or any gentleman, the right to go on
for hour after hour, in violation of our rules.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the understanding,
then, that the gentleman from New York shall
have leave to proceed for five minutes further.
There was no objection; and Mr. Clark con-
cluded his speech as above reported.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Chairman, I do not ex-
pect, at this late period of the session, when the
all-exciting topic of controversy has been dis-
cussed in every form, to be able to introduce a
single new idea, nor would I, on this occasion,
open my mouth, but that it will be expected, per-
haps, by those whom I represent here, that I
should say something. I regret extremely to see
that bitterness of feeling which is evinced on the
part of gentlemen upon this floor in the discussion
of this subject. I represent a peaceable, orderly,
law-abiding &uaker constituency. The angry
feeling with which they are denounced upon this
floor would be startling to them if they could wit-
ness it as I have witnessed it for the last few
months. I have been astonished to find gentle-
men representing the interests of the South de-
nouncing men upon this side indiscriminately as
a band of Abolitionists, and applying to them
the general charge of negro stealing. Why, sir,
just such denunciations have tended to rouse that
excitement of party feeling which now rages all
over the country. The people of the North are
denounced, and charged with every crime in the
whole catalogue of crimes. It was remarked the
