■m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7.
rather than through these expeditions. But, sir,
when I am called upon to express an opinion in
regard to the legality of these movements, I must
say that in my judgment the arrest of Walker was
an act in violation of the law of nations and un-
authorized by our own neutrality laws. To this
extent, like the gentlemen around me who have
spoken, I dissent from the President of the United
States. I do so with deep regret, with great pain.
My anxiety to act with that distinguished gentle-
man, and conform to his recommendations as far
as possible, will induce me to give the benefit of
all doubts in his favor; but where my judgment
is clear, like my friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] I must take it upon myself to speak my
own opinions, and abide the consequences.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 had no desire
to engage in this debate, which seems to me to
be premature. We have not read, or heard read,
in the Senate, anything except the President's
message. We have not heard his instructions to
Commodore Paulding, nor any of the other papers,
which I presume are voluminous. I acknowledge,
that not having made the necessary preparation,
which is due to the Senate on an occasion like
this, it would, perhaps, be more discreet in me if
I were to content myself with saying nothing;
but gentlemen here have presented to-mght views
so far different from those winch I entertain that
X cannot refrain from expressing, in a few words,
my dissent from them.
Sir, I believe the expedition of William Walker
from the port of Mobile to Nicaragua to have been
a flagrant and outrageous violation of the laws of
nations. I believe it to have been just as flagrant
and outrageous a violation of the laws of neutral-
ity. I believe that the President did nothing but
his duty in authorizing the naval force of the
United States to prevent the carrying on of that
hostile and illegal expedition against a people and
State with which wo were at peace. I know not
how far the instructions may have gone; they
may perhaps have gone a little too far. Of that I
can judge when I shall have seen ihem. But that
the President had the right to send the naval forces
of the United States beyond a marine league from
our shores for the purpose of arresting Walker's
expedition, I have no more doubt than I have of
the rights of armed ships of the United States in
war to capture an enemy a thousand miles from
our coast. I believe it is due to the character of
the nation that such steps shall be taken as will
put down these marauding expeditions. They
bring on us no credit, but the very reverse, and
must ever stain the character of the nation that
permits them.
Under the law of nations, there arc obligations
due from one to the other. Every nation at peace
lias a right to enjoy that peace, unmolested, either
*by the authority of any other nation or by the
unauthorized act of any of its citizens. The na-
tion which sanctions the unauthorized acts of its
citizens in waging war against another with which
it is at peace, as much violates its duties as if it
had authorized that expedition; and as is the ob-
ligation of the Government, so is the obligation
of its citizens, and all within its jurisdiction.
Such is the position laid down by tiie publicists
and recognized for hundreds of years—certainly
for more than a century. It is right, because it is
founded in natural justice and in sound reason.
Every nation at peace with another, has the right
to enjoy the undisturbed possession of its teni-
tory and the unimpeded exercise of its jurisdic-
tion. That nation which attempts to defeat it for
either purpose, violates its rights.
Sir, this is 110 new doctrine. It is exactly the
doctrine which was understood when we passed
the neutrality act of 1818. That act created no
new offenses. It defined the offenses, provided
the penalty for them, and furnished the means to
the Executive of preventing them. Now it is de-
fined as clearly as anything can be defined, by the
act of 1818, that when any persons shall begin,
or set on foot, a military expedition against any
people, State, or nation with whom we are on
terms of peace, such persons shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished
by fine and imprisonment, as provided by the
sixth section of the act. The eighth section au-
thorizes the President to employ the land and
naval forces for various purposes specified in the
act, the last of which is to prevent the carrying
on of such expeditions. Where is the language
in the act that limits the President to interfere with
such an expedition only at the point of its start-
ing from the United States, or within the limits
of a marine league ?- It is enough that the expe-
dition is begun within the United States, or within
that limit which can be commanded by cannon
shot. If it is begun within that limit, it is unlaw-
ful, and the party is not only unlawful in begin-
ning it but he is violating the law in carrying it
on. To " carry on " is the language of the act.
That does not mean to start, to begin, to get up,
to concert, to conspire together for the purpose;
but it means to wage. Th at is it, and their waging
hostilities against Nicaragua was a clear violation
of the act.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him to state the qualifying clause "within the
jurisdiction aforesaid," and that was expressed in
the foregoing section as a marine league? You
have omitted the qualifying clause in the sec-
tion.
Mr. PEARCE. In what section is that?
Mr. TOOMRS. The eighth.
Mr. PEARCE. I will read the whole of it to
make sure of it. It is:
" Sec. 8. Jhid. be it further enacted, That in every case in
wliicli a vessel shall be fitted out and armed, or attempted
to be fitted out and armed, or in which the ibice of any ves-
sel of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel, shall be inci eased
oi augmented, or in which any military expedition or enter-
pi ise shall be begun or set on loot, contiary to the proviM.ms
and prohibition'! of this act; and in every case of the capture
of a hhip or vessel withm the jurisdiction or protection of
the United States as botore defined—"
That does not refer to a case of this sort.
—" and in every case in which any process issuing out of
any court of the United States shall be disobeyed or resisted
by any person or persons having the custody of any vessel
of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel of any foreign pnnce
or State, or ot any colony, district, or people, or of any sub-
jects or citizens of any foreign pnnce or State, or of any col-
ony, district, or people, in every such case it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, or such other person
as he shall have cmpoweicd for that purpose, to employ such
pair of the laud or naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia thereof, for the puipose of taking possession of and
detaining any such ship or vessel, with her pnze 01 pnze«, if
any, in order to the execution of the prohibitions and penal-
ties of this act, and to the restating the prize or prizes in the
cases in which restoration shall have been adjudged."
In all that I do not see the qualification of which
the Senator has spoken.
Mr. TOOMBS. You have read it.
Mr. PEARCE. The remainder of the section
is:
And also foi the puipose of preventing the carrying on
of anv such expedition 01 enterprise from the territories or
juiNdiction of the United States against the teiritoucsoi
dominions of any foreign prmce or State, or of any colony,
district, or people with whom the United States aie at
pc.ice."
Not within, but " from the territories or juris-
diction of the United States against the territories
or dominions of any foreign prince or State, or
of any colony, district, or people with whom the
United States are at peace." Those are the words
of the section. I see no such qualification as the
Senator states. The only qualification is that an
unlawful expedition must have been set on foot
within the jurisdiction of the United States; and
if it is set on foot within their jurisdiction, it is
just as unlawful to carry it on without the juris-
diction of the United States as to begin it within
that jurisdiction. I do not know how far the
President might not go under that power. I ad-
mit, it is a very great discretion—a very large,
and, if you choose, a dangerous power, which
may be abused; but in a case like this, you must
give a discretion to the President, or you cannot
enforce your act. When the right or duty to sup-
press a hostile expedition against a State or peo-
ple, with whom we are at peace, has arisen by the
setting it on foot within the jurisdiction of the
United States, it is not limited, either by any-
thing in sound reason, or by any limitation in the
act of 1818, to proceedings within the ordinary
jurisdiction of the United States. I see nothing
to restrain the President from acting without the
ordinary bounds of our jurisdiction, or from car-
rying his repressive; measures to any point, so
that he shall infringe no rightful jurisdiction of
any other State or people.
IVIr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow rac to
ask him whether it is not the general, and, with
one exception, the universal law, that the limit
of the jurisdiction is that which he assigns, and
that for the very reason he gives—a marine league
being taken as the extent of cannon shot; but, in
order that the revenue laws of the United States
might be executed, we had specially to provide
that within twelve miles of the coast, an arrest
for violation of the revenue laws might be made;
thus further indicating the fact that we recognized
the marine league as the extent of our jurisdiction
in all other cases?
Mr. PEARCE. There were special reasons,
I apprehend, for that provision in regard to the
revenue laws. I can very easily perceive there
were special reasons which do not apply to a case
like this. This is a case of great exigency. The
laws of nations require us to punish and suppress
all these offenses. How are we to suppress them,
if we are to be confined to the one league?
In the case of this very expedition, some gen-
tleman, I think, has doubted whether it was a mil-
itary expedition, and he has asked for the proof.
Are we blind, that we do not see the proof? Does
not everybody know that this affair was concerted
at Mobile, that a steamer was cleared in a manner
which indicated lawful proceedings, that after she
proceeded down the bay, she was met by another
steamer, which put on board men and arms? Do
we not know, from letters published from mem-
bers of that expedition, that they were organized
and drilled as soon as they got out to sea? Does
not everybody know, and does not the fact stare
us in the face, that as soon as they reached Nic-
aragua, having passed by the port of San Juan de
Nicaragua, and the mouth of that river, going
some twenty miles below, a portion ofthese men
were dispatched by William Walker to attack
the fort of Castillo? Do wo not likewise know
that the moment he landed on Punta Arenas he
proceeded to perfect his military organization
there, and establish a camp styled by him the
" headquarters of the army of Nicaragua?" Can
anybody doubt that this was a military expedition,
ana, therefore, an unlawful one? The very first
act he does on reaching Nicaragua is not an act
of peace, is not a settlement of persons, expatri-
ating themselves for peaceful purposes. It is hos-
tile on its face and all around. This whole expe-
dition was bristling with military weapons. He
assumes the style of General Walker, instanter.
Does it make any difference—it does in the
opinion of one of the gentlemen from Mississippi
—that he had been President of that Republic?
Sir, I do not care whether he had been forty times
President of that Republic, and President dejure,
as well as de facto; he had no right, after ceasing
to be President of that Republic, after his power
had been put down by a revolution as legitimate
as that which set him up, to come to the United
States and get up another expedition here against
that country. He professes, indeed, only to seek
to recover, what he, in my judgment, strangely
enough, calls his lost rights. His rights were
those of a conqueror, of a successful military
adventurer, and nothing else. They were his
when he had power to hold them; but the mo-
ment he had not the power to hold them, they
wore gone to the winds of heaven.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Maryland
seems to assume the whole matter in controversy,
that Walker came to the United States to set up
an expedition. That I deny, I deny that he set
up any expedition within the limits of the United
States; and if there be proof of it, I call for the
proof from those who charge the fact. What I
admit is, that Walker came here, complained, as
any foreigner had a right to do—as Kossuth did,
and as other men have done—of their wrongs, and
that those who sympathized with him, as they had
the right to do, joined his standard and went be-
yond the limits of the United States, without get-
ting out an expedition, each man acting upon his
own responsibility, and each one avoiding for
himself any infraction of the law. If there was
an expedition fitted out in the United States, I
admit there was a violation of the laws; but if
my friend from Maryland charges it, I ask for
the proof—not that I would demand any proof of
any charge of his; but, technically, I ask on what
ground he bases the charge?
Mr. PEARCE. Why, sir, the proof is patent.
Everybody knows that he went on a steamer with
men and guns, and when they landed the first
thing they did was to commit acts of hostility
with organized troops. Surely, I shall be asked,
after a while, to prove that the gas is burning
above us. It is patent. It does not require any
proof. We cannot listen to the narrative given
by anybody, whether connected with the expedi-
