1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proof that they voted personally for Mr. Camp-
bell, is evidence that they did vote for him.
In regard to the testimony as to the colored
vote#, I do not find that there is any evidence to
show that any one of them voted for Mr. Camp-
bell, except Anderson. All the rest is hearsay
evidence; and the hearsay evidence that the others
voted' for Mr. Campbell- only extends to some
three, four, or five of the voters; and yet we are
asked to assume that the balance of these colored
voters voted forMr. Campbell,because they were
regarded as Republicans. Why, Mr. Speaker,
I believe that the experience of every gentleman
on this floor (for even one election gives him some
experience) tolls him that there are a great many
people who pretend to have voted for a successful
candidate, who did not do so. My experience is
that the successful man finds a great many more
friends than he thought he had. He finds friends
around him who say they voted for him, and who
he never anticipated would vote for him. 1 can
cite an instance of where I received only two votes
in a town, and I believe I have had twenty-five
voters of the town declaring that they voted for
me. I cite this to show how unsafe a rale itis to
take the hearsay testimony of a voter.
I have been actuated by no partisan feeling in
this matter.. I have, in this case, as in every other
contested-election case that has been brought be-
fore this House since I have had the honor of
being a member, examined the testimony from
beginning to end, carefully, and I have come to
my conclusions from the testimony, and not from
the reports of committees. I have studiously
avoided in this case reading either the report
made by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Lamar,] or that made by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] or the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] I have looked at the tes-
timony, and at the testimony alone; and in making
this tabular statement of the voters whose votes I
would reject from the evidence, I did not know to
what result they might lead. My rule was that
I would reject all heresay testimony, all second-
ary evidence, and would only count such votes
off from the sitting member, or off from the con-
testant as were clearly shown to be irregular; and
I have arrived at the result which 1 have stated —
that the sitting member is clearly and honestly
entitled to occupy his seat, as having a majority
of about twenty over the contestant. And, Mr.
Speaker, I would venture this prediction, that if
these votes which arc arraigned were put to vote
to this House, one by one, and the House should
vote on the merits of each particular ease, the
House would arrive at the same result which I
have arrived at, namely, that the sitting member
is elected by a majority of twenty, more or less.
I find, since I have made my tabular statement,
that, on compaiing it with those votes that have
been excluded in the report of the committee, I
have set down one or two gentlemen as not proved
to be illegal voters, who are counted as such in
the report of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gil5!f.r.] I find that I differ from him. But
I believe that (he candid judgment, of any three
or five, or ten, or fifteen lawyers of this House—
were they not members of Congress—would on
this question arrive at the conclusion that the sit-
ting member has a majority equal to the one offi-
cially reported. 1 do not, by these remarks, intend
to impugn the motives oracts of members ot Con-
gress; but we are too apt to be swayed by partisan
feelings. They should neveroperate on us in a con-
tested election. We do not know how soon our
own turns may come. -Therefore let us approach
this question divested of all partisan feeling, with
the single aim of arriving at a correct result; and
'let our votes be governed accordingly. I am totally
at a loss to know how the gentleman from Illinois
arrives at the conclusion that neither of these gen-
tlemen are entitled to a seat here. I thmk that
the evidence conclusively shows that one or the
other is entitled; and if the lule of law which has
governed me is the correct rule, the sitting mem-
ber must retain his seat.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If no one else de-
sires to speak upon this subject, I propose to ad-
dress the House upon the pending question, and
to close the debate. While I have as little interest
or feeling in the result of the contest of these par-
ties as any one who has spoken, the debate winch
has occurred here to-day has more and more sat-
isfied me of the correctness of the position taken
liy me in the "views" which I had the honor to j
submit to the House as a minority on the Commit- I
tee of Elections. The two sides being so wide i
apart, giving reasons for their opinions so different |
from each other, being unable to find any common
ground upon which to stand, it seems to me that
the only safe resort for a decision in so doubtful
a case is to the tribunal to which I propose to
refer it.
Some gentlemen have expressed themselves as
unable to comprehend how it is that I have been
unable to see this case as they see it, while they
themselves are as wide asunder as the poles in
their own views of the question presented. If
these gentlemen had paid attention to the humble
attempt at reasoning which I have made in my
report, it seems to me that they would not have
had cause to mistrust the soundness of the conclu-
sions to which I have arrived, or the arguments
upon which they are based. I stated some time
since, in reply to the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Gilmer,] that, if I took the ground
'which he has taken, 1 would be compelled to hold
that the sitting member had the best of the ques-
tion. I hold with him that, before a contestant
can be admitted to a seat held by a sitting mem-
ber, the contestant must show a better right to
the seat than he who holds it. This is undoubt-
edly requisite. But for the purposes of this con-
test, I consider them as standing on equal ground; '
and while it might be easier to shirk the respons- i
ibility of a decision by allowing the sitting mem-
ber to hold his seat, I cannot do it, because I am ,
not satisfied that he is entitled to it. I am un- >
willing to assume that the sitting member has ,
any advantage conferred upon him, by holding
the certificate, superior to the parson who iscon-
j testing the legality of his election. To assume
' such premises is equivalent, tu offeiing a pietniuni :
for fraud, force, intimidation, violence, or any
means which unscrupulous candidates or party
zealots may choose to employ to obtain posses-!
sionofthe certificate ofelection. If by such means
a candidate obtains possession of the certificate,
are you to insist that, when his right to hold it
is brought in question, fraud is to strengthen his
right? If he has done wrong, shali he have the
advantage of his wrong? I am not disposed to look
at the question with any such degree of regard for
' the holder of the certificate as to consider him as !
having a paramount claim or superior rights over |
i the other. I look upon them as equal in lights,
; and equal in position; and, upon scrutinizing the j
; testimony, and finding myself at an utter loss to ,
j decide between the two contending parties, I come
! to the conclusion that the proper mode of decision
j is to refer it back to the constituency. This case
t is so peculiar, there is so much in the testimony •
! ofacircumstantial character; so much thatishear-
; say; so much that confuses and leaves an unsatis-.
, factory impression on the mind, that the judgment '
is baffled and brought to adcad halt. At least it is i
{ unfortunately so with me; but my eight colleagues
i on the committee divide off, four and four, each :
i full of confidence that they alone are right, and
i all who differ from them are wrong. I agree with ■
| them all, or I agree with each division that the '
| other is in error; but, though I thus agree with j
all, I find that I receive little credit for it.
It has been so strongly contended that hearsay
statements should be leceived as evidence to de- !
I teimine questions of contested elections; and as
; the law and practice in relation to such testimony
I are stated to be so much broader and stronger
i than I have supposed them to be, and so much ill
I conflict with the opinions I have entertained, that
I feel it to be my duty to refer to some of the
points and arguments made in the debate, and en-,
deavor to answer them.
Itis contended that hearsay testimony is proper
to be received, and sufficient to determine the le-
gality of votes cast at elections; and it is alleged
thatit has been uniformly sodecided by commit-
tees of elections of the Flouse of Commons, in Eng- ;
land, for hundreds of years, and by committees ^
of elections of the House of Representatives from
the eailiest cases down to the present time. That
part of the members of the committee who favor ,
the right of the contestant to the seat, say in their
" views:"
'■ The admissibility of eviilnnce consisting of the deciaiu- ,
tions of voters as to any martei concerning their own voting,
has been settled in the British Parliamentjepeutedly and'
uniformly for one hundred and fifty years, and is no longer j
to be questioned. These decisions aie to be found ia the ,
numerous volumes of reported election cases and of treat-
ises upon this subject. This rule has been recognized also
in approved book^ of law: 3 McCoid's Reports, 233, note;
Phillips's Evidence, with Cow. and HHPs notes, 322f, fa te
sometimes treated as an exception to the rule, excluding
the hearsay declarations of thud persons; but generally it
is put upon the ground that in elections, contested because
ofi i'egal votes being received, eack voter challenged is a party
to the proceeding:, and, therefore, whatever he says about
his own voting is an admission or confession. In Congress,
also, while the undersigned find several precedents 'dis-
tinctly adopting or recognizing the rule, they find none where
it has been decided the other way, except in Newiand 'vs.
Graham, 1835-36. Against this they refer to the following:
Contested Electioni, 80, 2o0, 272, 282, 258. 367, 750; the
broad-seal case, 1840, 3 Hou«e Reports, No. 541, pp. 699
7-49; Failcyus. flunk, 1845-46, and Monroe vs. Jackson,
1847-48. In England-as in some of the States of this Union,
the voting being viva voce, a class of declaiations continu-
ally occihing in States where elections are by ballot, are
there, of course, almost unknown. We lefer to declara-
tions by voters as to how they voted. One case, however,
accidentally occurred in Parliament where the poll list did
not show for whom th$ party had voted, and so his state-
ment as to how he intended to vote, made to a third person,
was allowed to be given in evidence: the Windsor case,
1807; P. and O. election cases, 173. No distinction has
been set up in thi« country, nor do the undersigned petceive
any ; both are but hoai^ay, and the latter affects the party
as much and in the same way as the former; and as the
votei cannot he compelled to testify as to his qualifications,
so neither can he as to how he voted."
This statement of the law of evidence, as ap-
plied to contested elections, must be shown to be
correct, or the conclusion to which that portion
of the committee have arrived is erroneous. Is
the statement correct? and if so, does it show the
establishment of a rule applicable to this case?
Nearly all the cases referred to in the contested
elections in England refer to the qualifications of
the voters alone. The votes there are given viva
voce; and the register lists and poll-books show
the names and residences of the voters, and the
names of those for whom the votes are cast', leav-
ing the question of qualification as the only one
that can ordinarily arise m contests for seats in
the House of Commons. Those who are entitled
to vote in the counties in England are "freehold**
ers having land or tenements to the value of forty
shillings a year above all charges, &c. Copy-
holders or of any other tenure than freehold,
whether of inheritance or for life, to the value of
ten pounds, above rents and charges, &c. Les-
sees or assignees for a term originally created for
sixty years or more, value ten pounds; for twenty
years or more, value fifty pounds above rents and
charges," &c. In the boroughs, including cities
and towns, the qualifications are different; but in
all, the possession of certain property interests are
requisite; and in questions that have arisen in
England as to the qualifications of voters, in most
cases it has directly related to theirexisting inter-
est in property. And proceeding upon the pre-
sumption that a man will not make a confession
or declar ation against his pecumai y interest, it is
true, that many cases are reported in the English
books when the statements of the voter a ain\t his
interest have been received to exclude his vote.
There are also decisions there against the ad-
missibility of such statements, but the general
curre'nt is in favor of their reception. But n will
be clearly seen that the statement of a persoa
against his possession, or right of possession, of
a tangible, existing, valuable interest or estate,
and by which his possession or right of posses-
sion may be lost, is a very different matter from the
loose and often foolish talk of persons who may
not be even aware of the import or consequences
of what they say, or may mean the reverse of the
construction placed upon their words by the hearer.
Then the hearer himself may hate lost, misap-
prehended, or forgotten some of the words used,
and inferences may be drawn from them wnoliy
erroneous. You once establish such a rule, and
every illegal voter can, by making a false state-
ment in the presence of a witness, make it appear
that he voted directly the reverse of the fact; and
while he, in truth, voted for you will deduct
his vote from B. In this country, where almost
every one has a voice at the polls* it is doing, in
my judgment, violence to reason, to hold that ad-
missions and declarations here, as to the qualifi-
cations of voters, more especially those made
before and after voting, are to be placed upon the
same footing as in England, where the admissions
and declarations are against the pecuniary inter-
est of the party making them, or where, relating
to the question of bribery, they go to the effect
of attaching to him who makos them the severest
disgrace—a disqualification forever from voting,
