1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
sword. Wei!, sir, let them come. Let the gen-
tlemen bring- an army of the unfortunate poor of
the South with them, with fire and sword. We
will be glad to see ihem. We will not meet them
with soldiers. We will treat them well; and the
soldiers, attracted by our free institutions, will
leave their colors. We have riot acts and may,
perhaps, indict the leaders for riot; but we will
inflict no greater punishment upon them. We
will vindicate our laws, but treat them with kind-
ness and still be just to the South; and when they
get there, they will find it so great a paradise that
they will be glad to find an asylum among us; and
we will receive them with open arms.
A gentleman the other day read an extract from
a speech delivered by thegentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Faulkner,] in the Legislature of that State,
in 1832. Sir, the page which records that speech
of the gentleman will stand as the brightest page
in his biography. His name will stand recorded
side by side with the great nances of Washington,
Jefferson, and many of the most distinguished
men of Virginia or of the country. I would not
have that page blotted out, weie it mine, for all
the wealth that slavery can give.
But there is another extract which I wish to
read, from a speech delivered in the same debate
by another distinguished Virginian. Mr. Curtis,
in the Virginia Legislature, m the year 1832, in
speaking of this institution,said:
" See the wide-spreading rum winch the avarice of our
ancestial government lias pioduced m the South, a- wit-
nessed in n spaisc population of freemen, deserted hdbiU
tions, and fields witnout culture. Sriange to tell, even the
wolf, driven back long sinee by the approach of man. now
return*, after the lapse of a hundred years, to howl over the
desolations of slavery."
After one hundred years, the wolf will come
back to howl over the desolations of slavery in
old Virginia, the mother of States and states-
men—the mother of Presidents. We have driven
them back from th.e West; they have gone be-
yond the voice of civilization, and we expect to
keep them there. We do not expect they will
come back to howl over our fields.
But, sir, our opposition to slavery, the gentle-
man says, is fanaticism; and a distinguished Sen-
ator, in the other end of the Capitol, [Mr.
Toombs,] has told us that that fanaticism must
be crushed o-ut. Crushed out, sir! Let me tell
that Senator that the fanaticism of which he
speaks, if he chooses to call it so, is almost uni- -
versal in the North. There isno man there who
is an advocate of slavery. There is no man from
that section of the country who will go before his
constituents and advocate the extension of sla-
very. My colleague [Mr. Hughes] does not
support the bill for the admission of Kansas be-
cause he is in favor of the extension of slavery.
It is because he loves the Democratic party, and
because it is a party measure; and so it is with
every Democrat from the North on this floor who
supports the bill.
But northern Democrats told the people, after
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line, there
was no danger of slavery going to the Territories;
that there were but three hundred and fifty thou-
sand slaveholders in the whole Union—hardly
enough to people a single State; and it was said,
such being the case, why raise the question of
slavery at all? that freedom will always outrun
slavery in a fair race ? Sir, the Democrats of the
North are not in favor of slavery; it is a slander
upon the Democratic party; but they are in favor
of allowing the people, in settling up a country,
to regulate their institutions in their own way.
It is the doctrine of squatter sovereignty. They
will speak against slavery, and they will vote
against it, but they will leave it in the Territories
to the action of the people; they will not endanger
the peace of our institutions by attempting to pre-
scribe here what shall be done.
Now, sir, we have frequently heard of a class
of mpii known as dough-faces, men for whom
even tile South has norespect, in whom the South
has no confidence. I ask if the Richmond South
is not good authority 011 this subject? I will read
a short extract from that paper:
" So Mr. DocGLAshaa shown his cloven foot to the South
at last. I never believed he was whole-looted. All that tie
has ever done has been to eajole the South to choose be-
tween evils, to take the best she can get. to sugar over nau-
seous pills and bribe the southern membeis to coat the
South to swallow them. I never had confidence in liiin. I
have 110 confidence in any man north of Mason and Dixon's
line. They eannot be our friends and be lionest. The inter-
ests of the two sections are antagonistic The northern man
who goes foi our interest necessarily goes against the inter-
est of the North, his country, apd lean have no confidence
in a traitor, no matter how high is his price."
Thus speaks an ultra pro-slavery paper of north-
ern men who follow the lead of the South. It is
true, it speaks particularly of those who believe
with Mr. Douglas; but we must remember the
declaration, that no northern men can be their
friends and be honest.
Northern Democrats are now asked to leave the
principles of their party and to come to the rescue
of the South in the present question. Do southern
men want them to become traitors ? Do they want
to induce them to turn their backs upon the in-
terests of the people they represent?
But, sir, we are told that, if Kansas is not ad-
mitted, it will be taken for granted that no more
slave States can be admitted into the Union. If
they always come in the manner in which Kan-
sas presents herself here to-day, I hope to God none
ever will be admitted into the Union; but when a
State comes here with a constitution formed by
the people, and they ask for slave institutions,
then, and not till then, if she be refused admis-
sion into the Union, will southern gentlemen have
a right to take it for granted that we shall refuse
admission to anymore slave States. In the North
the sentimetit is universal, however, that no more
slave States shall be formed out of the territory
north of the Missouri compromise line, or any
other free territory. Show us where a slave
State, with a slave constitution, adopted by a fail-
vote of the people, is kept out of the Union, and
then southern gentlemen will have some good rea-
son to complain. But, they say that the North is
disposed to encroach upon therightsof the South.
^Why, sir, there is no man in the North who will
infringe upon a southern man's rights. Even the
Abolitionists, some two thousand in number,
would not interfere with your slaves in States
where they are held by law. What is their posi-
tion ? They want to go out of the Union because
they cannot separate themselves from slavery in
the Union. So with some southern men; they
want to go out of the Union because they cannot,
by remaining in it, succeed in extending slavery
as they would wish. I have about as much re-
gard for the one as the other. I will tell you what
1 would do with these men. I would colonize them
together upon the burning sands of the south or
icy shores of the northern lakes; and there I
would leave them to carry out their project of dis-
solution by dissolving themselves, until only a
single man was left; and then I would not care if
he, like the London juggler, would swallow him-
self. [Laughter.]
Why talk about dissolving this Union' Can
that dissolution be a peaceable one? Can our
honored flag be trailed in the dust without first
being stained with the blood of our people' No,
sir, it cannot be done peaceably, and you have no
right to talk about a dissolution by force. The
attempt would be treasonable. You may have
the power to involve the people of the two sec-
tions of this nation in civil war; you may have
the power, by force and violence, to destroy the
beautiful system of government which we inherit
from our fathers—to ruin eveiything dear to the
lovers of our common country; but then, let me
ask, what would the South gain by it? If the at-
tempt should result, as it most assuredly would,
in civil war, spreading all over this Union, lay-
ing waste our fruitful fields and destroying our
homes, putting out the fires of our furnaces and |
forges, stopping the machinery of our manufac- !
tones, and silencing the hum of busy industry all j
over the free North, what would you of the South I
gain by all this' Yourslaves would not be worth
a dime to you, but instead of being a blessing, as
you now consider them, they would prove your
greatest curse; from being your submissive, obe- ]
dientservants,theywould become the instruments I
of mischief in the hands of your enemies, and the !
general desolation that would follow, might serve j
not only to remind us of the proud stale from which j
we had fallen, but would allow the tyrants of the
old world to point at us as another evidence of the
incapacity of the people to govern themselves.
Broken to pieces by our own madness, we would
be fit objects of universal scorn.
Mr. Chairman, you say, in the South, that you
have important interests. We raise cotton, say
you—so you do. We raise sugar—so you do; and
we rejoice in the North, when we hear that there
are good crops of sugar and cotton; and we re-
gret it, when there isafailure of either. We rejoice
when you rejoice, and mourn when you mourn.
Your cotton is useful to us. We receive the raw
material of your producers, and by our skill and
handywork, aided by our machinery, transform
itinto fabrics useful and ornamental. Your sugar
we need. It is, if not a necessary, at least a lux-
' ury of life that we are not willing to dispense with.
: Sir, as an evidence of our liberality towards you,
even while your men were denouncing the doc-
trine of protection, when we wished to aid and
protect northern interests,and you refused it, we,
I by our votes, aided in giving your sugar protec-
tion by a tariff that caused the consumers of that
article to pay, in the form of duties, during the last
year, nearly thirteen million dollars. Thus, when
called upon, we have ever been ready to protect
your interests—even when you have refused to
aid us in protecting northern manufacturers and
northern interests. And now, simply because we
refuse to join you in a crusade against the rights
of the people of Kansas, we are pronounced sec-
tional and unjust to the South. Sir, you ask too
much at our hands. We have given you protec-
tion, and you offer to pay us by oppression.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that if we admit Kan-
i sas under the present circumstances, it will be a
violation of the rights of the people. I do believe
that if we protect the rights of the people they
will always protect the rights of the States. There
will be no danger if their rights be guarded and
protected; but when you deny them the right to
the enjoyment of life and property, and the right
, to self-government so far as concerns the institu-
tions under which they live; when you attempt
to force an organic act upon them against their
will, simply because you have the power to do
so, it is not to be expected that they will respect
those who have done them this wrong. You may
have the power, by executive influence and aid,
to consummate this outrage. But what will it
profit you? Nothing, absolutely nothing. The
laurels will wither in their winning; the spoils
will not be worth possessing, while you may set
an example—not worthy indeed of imitation, or
to be cited as a precedent—but which, at no dis-
tant day, may be thus cited and imitated to your
serious harm.
But it comes in due form of law, say gentlemen;
and, as a gentleman said the other day, that is all
there is of it. It has the form without the sub-
stance. As good and as valid a constitution might
have been gotten up by this John Calhoun, and
Henderson, and these other fugitives from justice
in this city, 111 some grocery 111 Missouri, which, ,
so far as forms are concerned, would have been
as coriect an expression of the will of the people
of Kansas as that contained in the constitution
which they have already presented.
I speak of these gentlemen as fugitives from
Kansas. I understand that they arc officers of
Kansas, and ought to be there; but I am inclined
to think that they have been led to believe tlfat
this is the safest place for them; for there is a
marine force here that was called upon to shoot
down citizens in the streets, and which may be
called out to protect them from the indignation
of an outiaged people.
_ But we have the forms of law, say they. Well,
sir, there are some peculiar forms which have
been required in reference to this constitution.
My worthy friend from Oregon [Mr. Lane] rose
in his place in this House, and said," Mr. Speaker,
I present to you the constitution of the people of
Oregon." There was no excitement about it, no
difficulty, and no one objected. Has there been
three months'discussion over it? No. Kansas
had her Delegate, too, upon this floor, on this side
of the House. Why was it that that gentleman
was not permitted to speak for Kansas ? Why
was he not permitted to get up and announce to
this House that he presented to this House the
constitution of Kansas? Who shall speak for the
people of Kansas, when they do not speak for
themselves, but their representative here? Oregon
comes here of her own free will, with a constitu-
tion indorsed by her people, submitted to them in
every form and shape for their determination.
How comes Kansas? Kansas, covered all over
with violence, is driven in here against her will.
She comes here with her robes soiled; she comes
by force and violence, and it becomes necessary
