am
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
May 22.
and extreme penal consequences. There is no
'similarity or analogy in the condition of things
that ought to make the decisions there authority
here. Declarations or admissions made at the
-polls, when tlic act of voting is performed, may
often, with the greatest propriety, be admitted as
apart of the resges'ca, There is but one case
which I have found in the. English decisions,
where the statements of a party, as to whom he
had voted for, were ever received in evidence, and
that is the Windsor case; but that was received
because neither party objected, and cannot be
cited as a precedent. The cases cited in Ph. Ev.
Con. and H., note 322, and taken from 3 Mc-
Cord R., note 23-3, and they, in turn, from the
English cases cited, which I have attempted to
show have no analogy to our condition of things
here. So much for these authorities and prece-
dents.
As to the view that " each voter challenged is a
party to the proceeding," it may be that where
there is evidence of record, or directly establish-
ing that a person voled, and for whom he voted,
his declarations at the polls, or coupled with all
the circumstances surrounding him, may be ad-
mitted, its weight and effect to be determined in
each case asit arises. Where it is.proved that a
person voted, mid for whom he voted, he may be, in j
one sense, said to be a party with him for whom he
voted, and, so far, a party to the proceeding; but 1
it is begging the whole question to assume that a
person voted, that he voted for a given candidate
—and that his vote is illegal, and, by this assump- ;
tion, make him a party to the proceeding, for the sake j
of getting his declarations, and then bring in a t
third person and prove what they are,and,by this
process, strike a vote from the poll. This process ;
is too subtile and too dangerous for my approba- !
tion. j
But in the foregoing extract of the " views " of ,
the friends of the contestant, it is stated that these ;
alleged English decisions have been recognized ,
and followed in this country; and as cases in j
point,weare cited to "Contested Elections," pages «
80, 261), 272, 2S2, 258, 367, 750; the broad-seal
case, 3 Howaid Reports, 1840, pages 69;), 749; I
Farlee ©s. Ilunk, 1845-46; and Monroe us. Jack- i
son, 1847-48. Thin is a formidable array of \
authorities, and if they sustain the view taken, j
they ought to be entitled to great respect, if not :
allowed to control our decision. The case cited j
on page 80 is that of Trigg vs. Preston, and on
page 80 nothing is found upon the subject of hear- i
say testimony, except a speech of a member of ,
the House, who argued in favor of Trigg; but the 1
House decided against hnn, his report, and his ,
argument. This, it, would seem, is not very bind- :
ing authority in favor of hearsay testimony. The !
next case, 2GU, ( Kelly rs. {lai us,) contains not a
word upon the subjeetof declarations, admissions,
or heaisay evidence. The next, 272, (Easton
vs. Scott,) J have examined with great care, but
find nothing lela ting to this question of evidence—
not one word; but after a Ion? discussion, the ,
House vacated the seat, and sent the parties"back
to their constituents—what I am asking shall be .
done m this case. Case page 282 is the same, :
Easton us. Scott. The next, 258, (Barrett vs.
Bayley,) has not a word upon the subject which
1 iiave been able to find by the most carcful read-
ing. The next, 367, (Reed rs. Cosden,) contains
an argument by the sitting member (Cosden) in
favor of receiving the declarations of voters in
evidence; but the House seems not to have re-
garded it, for he was ejected from his seat, and it
was given to the contestant, (Reed.) The last
one cited fiom the Contested Election Cases, is
that of 719, (Letcher vi. Moore.) The long re-
port of this case, covering one hundred andthirty*
'live pages of the volume, shows the interest and
zeal displayed in its contcst. So far from this
case favonng the doctrine stated, it is manifestly
against it. The Committee of Elections, m that
case,
Resolved, That all declarations oi statements made by
voters after the, election, iclativo to their rights oi sulfrage,
be rejected.''—Pu«e 730.
But the committee in that case, in fact, went
further, and rejected statements made before, as
well as after, the election. (Vide testimony of
Thomas Poole and others, page 835.)
But the case relied on so confidently to sustain
the admissibility of heresay evidence, is the
broad-seal case, 1839-40. It will be observed that,
in making the report in that case, it was con- :
curred in by the members of the party having the
majority, and dissented from by all the members
of the minority of the committee; and whoever
will take the trouble to examine, and compare the
testimony with the present1, will find this cele-
brated committee ruling both ways upon the same
sort and grade of evidence.
But, Mr. Speaker, I deny that even that case
sustains the doctrine contended for. The major-
ity of the committee held that it was erroneous
to hold the voter as a party to the proceeding ex-
cept at the polls, and they declare on page 695 of
the report, that " mere hearsay declarations of the
alleged voter as to the fact of his having voted have
been uniformly rejected." The only language used
by the committee in their report in that case,
which at all looks in the direction of the admis-
sibility of hearsay evidence, is found on page
699, where it said:
" Although in numerous instances the voter being exam-
ined as a witness, voluntarily disclosed the character of ins
vole, yet m many cases, he either did not appear, or, appear-
ing, chose to avail himself of his legal right to refuse to an-
swer in that point. In such cases the proof of general rep-
utation, as to the political character of the voter, and as to
the paity to which lie belonged at the tune of the election,
has been considered sufficiently demonstrative of the com-
pletion ofhis vote. When no such pi oof was adduced on
either side, proof of the declarations of the voter has been
received, the date and all the circumstances of such decol-
lations beingconsideied as connecting themselves with tiie
questions of credibility and sufficiency. fa eve:y instance
where the proof under all the cncmnstanccs was not suf-
ficient to produce conviction, the vote has been left unap-
propnatod."
This statementamounts to very little. The com-
mittee adopt no rule, fix no principle, and leave
nothingforprecedent. They accept proof of" tiec-
i larations being considered as connecting them-
selves with questions of credibility and sufficiency,"
and when these were " not sufficient to produce
conviction, the vote has been left unappropria-
ted." Conviction in whom ? Conviction of what? i
What may convince one mind of one thing, may !
convince another mind otherwise. It will be seen j
that nothing is settled here. But if we look at the j
ruling of the committee, we shall find that in most
cases they reject this hearsay and doubtful testi-
mony. I turn at random and take the vote of A.
P. Brink. The whole evidence concerning his vote
is found on pages 200, 201, 205. Samuel Price
swears:
" I know Andiew P. Brink. After the election of 1838,
(f think the «ame day,) saw Andrew P. Brink and
11. Bunk. Ins brother, in mv fulling-mill. James told him he
had voted when he was not twenty-one. Andrew appealed
to be angry, and told lus biother he knew he lied. James
is the eldet biothei. 1 thought James wa«i tca^ng him at
the lime. 1 act with the Democratic paity. It is >aid James
1J. Bunk h a Whig. He ptofesses to bc'such. In political
^enlimctits, A P JJunk w with tiie Adumbration paity. Do
not know whcthei or not [ have heard hnn say how he
voted, but fiom what 1 know, 1 have no doubted ho voted
an Administration ticket."'
Alpheus Gusteri swears that A. P. Brink voted
as appeared by the poll list.
James II. Strible swears:
" f do not know what ate the sentiments of A. P. Brink,
except by imputation. 1 believe lum to belong to the Ad-
mini-nation paity.
James H. Brink swears:
il 1 am elder brothei of A. P. T>r«nk. T am not positive
as to his age, nor can T tell the month he was bom. I was
of opinion he wa-? not of age at the election of J 838, and told
him mo at That tune. I have told him so since. When 1
talked to hnn, he would not give me any satisfaction. On
the morning of the election I talked with hnn. Judge Price
came to the tulliug-mill, whete \vu wotked, and talked to
us about voting. I then said Andiew P. Brink and Samuel
A. Pi ice were not of age, and not entitled to vote. There
was a good deal said which I cannot repeat. Andiew P.
I' Bunk said he was going to vote the J3<hnuaiti at ion ticket;
\ \ but 1 do not know that lie voted it—do not know that he
voted at all. I have inlkeil with him since, and, fiom his
|i eonvei--auon, I have no doubt he voted an Administration
'' tic Ret It was the common talk among the men at the mill
!; that rfamuel A. Puce and Andiew P. Brink were both tm-
no:s at the time. They did not pi efend to deny it. Twill
,1 be twenty-five the 11th of July ne\t. There is a su-tei ne\t
jj ine, and older than Andrew. I do not know her age. An-
|! drew is next to her."
'| This is all the evidence relating to this voter,
j' One would suppose, if hearsay evidence and cir-
!! cumstantial testimony couid prove a vote bad, this
■i would be sufficient; out by turning to page 47 of
I the Journal, when the committee decided on the
I question of deducting this vote, Messrs. Fillmore,
I! Smith, and Botts, voted ay; and Messrs. Rives,
Brown, and Air. Chairman, no—so the vote was
[I retained and held good. So will be found almost
'! every instance, in this "broad-seal case;" and
-when these decisions are otherwise, they are made
by a strict party vote, and thus lose their force as
precedents. Thus much for this authority. I can
find nothing in it to support the views advanced
in favor of this hearsay testimony.
There are but two cases remaining, that of Par-
lee vs. Runk, and Monroe vs. Jackson. In the
former case, it turned upon the legality of certain
votes cast by the students of Princeton college.
The minority were in favor of hearing evidence
of the declarations of the voters; the majority of
the committee express no opinion upon the point.
It will be seen, also, by the evidence, that it
turned more upon the proof, the party to which
the voters belonged, than upon their declarations.
The House, by "the casting vote of the Speaker,
decided to retain Mr. Runk in his seat, and
against the recommendation of the minority, who
were in favor of receiving hearsay testimony.
Thiswouldseem an authorityagainstthe rule,and
not one in its favor.
In the latter case of Monroe vs. Jackson the
subject of hearsay testimony is alluded to, both
by the majority and minority; but it was no where
settled and decided. The whole case turned upon
the vote of certain paupers; the proof as to how
they voted was purely circumstantial, and not
hearsay; and it resulted in declaring.the seat va-
cant, and remanding the election back to the peo-
ple. These are the authorities relied upon for
establishing this dangerous rule; but, in my opin-
ion, they settle the question strongly against it.
' This conclusion, it seems to me, settles this case
fully, so far as to show the contestant not entitled
to the seat.
The laws in New Jersey and Ohio arc very sim-
ilar for making and preserving a copy of the poll -
books. They are as accessible in one State as in
the other; yet, in the New Jersey case, the com-
mittee broadly declare that they have in every
case rejected evidence of the declarations of voters,
as to the fact of their having voted at the election;
and this must have been for the reason that the
poll-books furnished the best evidence of the fact.
Mr. LAMAR. I have this to say in respect
to that citation: that the majority of the commit-
tee and the minority of the committee say, in un-
mistakable language, that they have received
evidence of the declarations of voters as to the
complexion of their votes. It is true they say
they have uniformly rejected hearsay declarations
as to the fact of a vote; but my only way of rec-
onciling that seeming inconsistency is, that they
reject hearsay evidence of a declaration. If the
witness will not swear directly himself to the fact,
they reject hearsay declarations as to the fact.
The declaration of a voler is one thing; but when
you speak of hearsay declarations, you must
speak of a declaration proved by hearsay evi-
dence. It is that which is meant by hearsay evi-
dence. That is the state of facts. They did re-
ceive the declarations of the voter himself as to
his vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does not the gentleman dis-
cover, by referring to this report, the very reason
of the rule, that so long as the poll-books were
open for inspection, they rejected hearsay evi-
dence upon facts which were susceptible of being
proven by record evidence ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The fact is never-
theless stated by this committee in the New Jer-
sey case, that they have uniformly rejected the
statement of the voter as to the fact of his hav-
ing voted. Now, sir, that is the rule which was
established by them, and it is a rule which ought
to govern us now. 1 think it an important and
useful rule. In the case now under consideration,
there is no proof that many of those voters whose
rights are questioned, did, in fact, vote, cxcept
the statements of other witnesses. Under the rule,
this testimony should be rejected, because other
and better evidence could have been procured.
And in the New Jersey case, so confidently relied
upon by my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. La-
mar,] I have already shown that it did not turn
upon hearsay testimony; and when the legality
of a vote was determined, it was from circum-
:j stantial, and not hearsay evidence; and even
jj that, they think, should be received with great
'] caution. They take all the circumstances into
consideration, and reject the evidence where it
does not produce conviction.
Now, a word in regard to these negro votes. It
seems to me that there is no testimony satisfac-
