214
APPENDIX TO THE COxNGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
35th Cong.... t st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hoard.
Ho. of Reps.
with what show of fair intention to adhere to the
principle of equality of rights, can you ask to keep
pace with the free States in political power, or in
representation in any department of the Govern-
ment? If you desire to keep a perpetual balance
of power between liberty and slavery, thatwould
be a denial of equality of popular rights, and would
place northern freemen in an inferior position to
southern freemen. If you expect the free States to
consent to such a proposition, you will certainly be
disappointed. The demand would be offensive,
and compliance with it would be humiliating. The
idea of a balance of power between opposite in-
terests like liberty and slavery, to promote peace
and quiet, is clearly delusive. It would perpet-
uate the discord which has existed ever since the
slave States entered upon that policy, and it would
terminate in open hostility. Formerly, you only
asked to be let alone m the States—you demanded
* ' State rights." More than this you cannot justly
expect; less than this, you could not with honor
submit to. Upon that ground you are impreg-
nable; on any other, you will be overthrown.
If our opinions on the subject of slavery are
wrong, we answer that your best men have been
our teachers; and 1 beg leave here to call your
attention to some of their opinions, in connection
with other authorities, that you may (lie better
understand how inbred the sentiment is, ami how
hopeless the effort must be to remove or change
it, by any of the means thus far resorted to. it
is, I know, deeply regretted by all in the free
States, that this cause of difference and difficulty
exists to disturb the harmony and happiness of
the country; and if any of you really believe that
this excitement and ill feeling is congenial to us—
that we cherish, and desire to continue it—you
do us great injustice. Hut to the testimony;
Opinions of Washington.
"I hope it will not be conceived tioin those observations
tlmt it i? my wish to hold tin1 unhappy people who are the
subject of tins teller, m slavery. I eiui only say, that there
is not it man Jiving who wishes moicftiueeiely than I do, to
see .some plan adopted foi llio abolition oj it, but theie is
only one pioper ami ei.eetual method bywhuh it can be
accomplished,and that is, by the legislative authon'y ; and
thU, as fur as my sujj iage will goy shall not be wanting.''''—
Letter lo Robert Alon !■..
'• The benevolence ot your heart, my dear M.irqui«, is so
conspicuous, on all occasions, that I never wonder at lie.xh
proofs ol it; but your late purchase ot an estate in ihe col-
ony of Cayenne, wilk a view of cmant ipaling the slaveys i-. a
generous and noble proof of your humanity. Would to God
a like spirit might ditluse itself gencially into the imud of
the people of tin* cuuntiy I But i despuu of seeing n. home
petitions wetc presented to the Assembiv at its In -i se-^iou
for the abolition ofslaveiy: but they could seatcelvobum
a hearing."— Letter to /,« Fayette.
" t never mean, unless some particular eiicum-fanee
should compel me to if, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in thin country ma) be abolished
by law.5'—Letter to J. F. Mercer.
Ojrinionv of Jejjerson.
"And with what execration should the statesman be load-
ed who, permitting one halt of the em/ens thn   to tmmple
ou the u^hts of the other, tiansfoi ms these into despots, and
those into enemies, destroys the moiuKof the one p«ut, and
the love of country of the other. Foi if a 4 lave e.ui have a
country in this world, it must be anv other in preference to
that m which he is bum to live and labor for another; m
which he must lock up the faculties of Ins natuie, contrib-
ute, as far as depends on his individual endeavors, to the
e vanishment of the human race, or entail his own miserable
condition ou theeudiess generations proceeding (10m liim,5'
* * * And can ihe liberties of a nation be
thought secure when wc have removed then only fum basis
—a < onwtwn in the minds oj the people that these liberties
ore the  i/'t of (Jot!; that they at c not to he violated but with
his v:rath. Indeed, T hemble for my country u< hni 17 cjlect
ihtd God is* just; Ihnl his justice cunnot slgfp rotti;vi:u;
that, consideitng numbers, nature, and natural means only,
aievulution of tlie wheel of fortune, an exchange of sit-
uation is among possible events ; that it may become pi ob-
able uy supernatural intkrfiihent'e ! The Almighty has
no attribute which can take side with us m utth a contest.
" What an lucompK'hensibh: machine is man ? Who can
endure toil,famine,stripes impiisonment. and even death
itself, in vindication ol In^ own Ijbcify, and the next mo-
ment be deaf to all those motives whose power supported
lum through bis uia), and infhef on his fellow man a bond-
age, one hour of which is fraught with moie misery than ages
of thai  :hich he rose in rebellion to oppose / 1! lit we
wait with patience the workings of an overitiling Provi-
dence, and hope that that is pteparmg the dehveiance of
those, our sulTeiing hiethen. When the incasine of then
tea i"-hill be full—[Has not the Supicme Com t, in deelar-
i.jg that thfs  persons have no lights filled that mea-ute to
oveti!\>Wi 'j?J when their tearsi shall have involved heaven
st^elf in c!a;knes-j, [what rav of hope remains to those peo-
])le, since tlic miiiistcM'j ol justice have solemnly declared
that they have no light-?] doubtless a God of jus-ice will
awa'ren'to thetrdisness. and by diffusing hghtand hbuahty
«j:ionn oppios'sorj, or, at length, by his exterminat-
ing thunder, manifest his attention to things of this xoorld.,)
—Note* on Virginia.
" The sentiments breathed through the whole do honor
both to the head and the heart of the writer. Mine, on the
subject of the slavery of negroes, have long since been in
possession of the public, and time has only served to gipe
them stronger root. The love of justice and the love of
country plead equally the cause of these people, and it is a
moral rcproach to us that they should have pleaded so long
in vain. Nursed and educated in the daily habit of seeing
the degraded condition of those unfortunate beings, hut not
reflecting, that that degradation was very much the work of
themselves and their fathers, few minds have yet doubted
but that they were .as legitimate .subjects of propei ty as their
horses or cattle!" * v * * "Iliad always
hoped that the younger generation, receiuin^Meir early im-
prcssions after the flume of liberty had been kindled in every
breast, and had become, as it were, the vital spirit o f every
American, would have sympathized with oppression where -
ever found, and pioved their love of liberfy beyond their
cm <,hare of it. Your soluaiy but welcome voice is the
first which has brought tins &ouml to my eai; yet the hour
of emancipation is advancing in the nv/rchof tune. The
cnteipi i-e is for the youim—"for those who can follow it up
and bear it through to its consummation. It shall have my
prayers; and these aie the only weapons of au old man."
—Letter to Edward Cole, Esq.
No one can doubt that Jefferson, in the pre-
ceding opinions, referred to African slavery,how-
ever anxious men of this day are to controvert
that opinion.
Opinion of Patrick Henry
il Would any one believe that I am master of slaves, of
my own purchase! I am diawn along bv the general incon-
venience ot living Acre without them. I will not, I can-
not «ius? i'ify it. However culpable my conduct, I will so
fai pay mv devoir to vntue as to own the excellence and
reel il ude of her piccepN, and lament im/ want of con foi mity
to them. [ believe a lime will e«)ine wlM'ii au oppoitunity
will be oflered to nhoh\h (hi* himeutahtc e nl Let us tiaiw-
mit to oui descendants togeiher wifii om slaves, a pitv for
their uiihappv lot, an'l> oiui suhorkuncu: for slavery!"
—Lr.tter to Robot Plca-^nih.
Who,of Puiriek ilenry'sdescendants,have this
inheritance ?
Opinion of James Monroe.
i( We have found thar (his evil [slavery]hnspreyed upon
the very eitals of the Uni'ni; and has been piejudicial to all
the .States in winch it lias existed."—Speech in Virginia
Convention.
Opinion of JViHiatn Pinkncy.
" £tr, iniquitous and most dishonotable to Maryland, is
that drcuiy system oi p.utial bondage which her laws have
hithetto Mipported with a m>Iu nude wonln of a better ob-
ject, and her citizens bv their piaehee continued.
u Founded in a dt<i ) at vful naijlc, its continuance is as
su^MCLKbH KS lis origin.
" ICri'-UN.vi, ink vmv awaits the abandoned miscreants
whose M'lfi -ii «ouls could ever prompt them to lob unhappy
All k*a of her i.mi-, ami fieiirht tliem hit her bj thousand-, lo
poUonlhcJairiai)L.s of Lujikiy wil/i t/ic runic u ecd oj
B0N11AUU !
" Ihit wherefore should we confine the edge of censure to
our aneestois, or those tiom whom they puiehased ? Are
not wc. equally qui It y ? They stieweti aiound the seeds of
slaveiy; wk cheiish and sustain the  rowth. Ves, let it be
handed down to poderity that the people of Maryland, who
eould lly lo aims with lite puunptitude of Roman citizens
when the hand ofoppies>ion was lifted ayauisr themselves ;
who could behold their eouuliy desolated, and the citizens
slaughtcied ; who eould biave, with unshaken Himne^s,
nveiy calamity ot wai b.Moio they would submit to the
smallest uiliingement of their ngiiH—that t!u= very people,
could\et see thou-ands of then iWlow-eieatines, within
the hums of their own teuitoiy, bending betieatU an unnat-
ural yoke.
u for shame, sir : let us throw ofl'the mask ; it is a cob-
web one at best, and the wot Id will see thtough it. It will
not do thus to talk like philosopher, and act like cmu.-
M'-ntinu tyuvnts; to be peipetuully seitnoniztns, ivilh tib-
cily (or our text, and actual oppte^ion for out commentary!
Ue'ie have emigiants fiorn a land of tjianny loundan asylum
ftom pei-eeution ; a>id here, abo, have tbo-^o who eome a*
ughtfully ftee as the winds of heaven, found an eternal
grave JO) the liberties of themselves and then posterity I
 *ln the name of (Jod, should we not attempt to wipe away
this srigma ' Sun ey the eountues, sir, where the hand of
fredoni conducts the plowshare, and compare th-ur prod-
uce with >ouis; yom jfianane^. in tins view, appear like
the stoiebouse of emmets, though not supplied witii equal
nidtistty. The cause and the etleel are too obvious to escape
observation."—Speech m Maryland Home of Delegates.
Opinion o/ John Randolph.
11 Jli«Mpation, as well a^ power oi pro-.pcuty, haidens the
heait; but avauee deadens it to eveiy feMiing but the thir-t
foi riches. Avance alone could have pioduced tliet-lave
trade. Avance alone can dnve, and does drive, tins infei nal
traffic, an<l the wiotohed victims of it, like so man\ post-
lu-ises, winppeil to death m a mail coach. Ambition has its
cover-sluts in the pnde, pomp, and cncumstauce of <rlo-
rious wai, but wbeie aie the tiophies ot avance5 'I'lie
handcufl', the uinnm lc. and blood-stained cowhide !M—South-
ern L'tloaty iilessen^er.
"Virginia is 5-0 unitoveiished by the system of slaverv,
that the iable3 will sootier or later be turned, and the slaves
will advem-e tor 1 una way nuste.s."
" Sir, I neithei envy the head nor the heart of that man
from the Nimb who uses heie to defend slavery upon pnn-
ciple.-"—liebuhc of JCdward llverelt in Con re%•>.
"I atve to my slaves their freedom, to winch my con-
science teho me they uic ) a*l I it entd'e-t Jt lias a long tune
been u matter of th« iloep,-st i«gi Jt t® me tnat the cucuai-
stances under which I inherited thpm, and the obstacles
thrown in the way by the laws of the land, have prevented
my emancipating them in my lifetime, which it is my full
intention to do, incase I can accomplish it."—Randolphs
Will.
Opinion of Thomas J. Randolph.
"The gentleman has appealed to the Christian religion in
justification of slavery. I would ask him upon what pait
of those puie doctunes does he rely; to which of those sub-
lime precepts does he advert to sustain his position ? Is it
that winch teaches justice, chanty, and good-will to all, or
is it that winch teaches ' that you do unto others as you
would they should do unto you P "—Speech in the Virginia
Legislature.
Opinion of Governor Randolph, of Virginia.
i( We have been far outstripped by States to whom nature
has been far less bountiful. It is painful to consider what
might have been, under other circumstances, the amount
of general wealth m Virginia,"—Jlddjeis to the Legislature
of Virginia, 1&-20.
Opinion of Mr. Brodnax.
"That slavery in Virginia is an evil, it would be more
than idle for any human being to doubt, or deny. Itisawui-
dew winch has blighted every region u has touched from the
creation ofthe woild. I (lustrations irom the hi°tory ol other
countries, and other times, might be instiuctive; but we
have evidence nearer at home, in the short histories of the
diffeient States of this gieat Confedeiacy, which are im-
pressive in then admonitions and couclu&ivc m their char-
acter."—Speech in the Virginia Legislatme, 1B3'2.
Opinion of Mr. Custis.
"The prosperity and aggiandizcment of a State is to be
seen in us increaseof inhabitants, and consequent p ogress
m industry and wealth. Ofthe vast tide ofemigtation which
now rushes like a cataract to the West, not even atrickling
rill winds its way to the ancient dominion. Of the multi-
tude of foreigners who daily seek au asylum and home m
the empire of hbetty, how many turn their steps to the le-
gion of the slave ? None. No, not one. There is a ma-
laria in the atmosphere of these legions which the new
comer shuns, as poisonous to his views and habits. See the
wide ruin winch the avarice ot our ancestral Government
has produced in the South, as witnessed 111 a sparse popu-
lation of freemen, deseited habitations, and fields without
cultuic. Stiange to tell, even the uolf driven buck long
since by the approach of man, now return's, after a lapse of
a hundted years, to howl over the desolations of slavery.''''
Opinion of Mr. Faulkner.
" I am gratified to perceive that no gentleman has yet
n-.cn in tbi-- Hall the avoweda/ftfotr/tfeofsjlaveiy. Iftln-ie bo
one who concuis with th^ gentleman from i i unswtck [Mr.
Gholsonj in the harmless ehaiaetcr of this institution, let me
request htm to compute the condition of the slaveholduig
poi tion 01 this Common weal tii—ban en, desolate, and seai ed
as u weie by the avenging hand of Ileaven, with the de-
scriptions which we have of this same countiy from those
who liist broke its virgin soil. To what is this change us-
er ibable? Alone to the withering and blasting cjjfrrt'i of sla-
veiy. If tins does not satisfy him, let me request him to
extend bis navels to tne northern States of this Union, and
beg him to contrast the happme-s and contentment which
piovail throughout tin; countiy; the busy and cheerful sound
of uidu-try ; the lapid and swelling giowth of their popula-
tion ; the means and institutions ot education ; tlieii skill
and proficiency in the useful arts ; their enterprise and pub-
he '•pint; the monuments of their manufacturing and eom-
meieial indiustiy ; and above ail, their devoted attachment to
the Government from u-hich they derive their protection ;
with the division, discontent, indolence, and poverty of the
southei n country.''
Such were the opinions of some of the wisest,
purest, and most experienced southern statesmen
and patriots, whose dtsciplcs we profess to be, on
the subject of slavei y. I inul collected, for inser-
tion here, numerous other extracts, of similar
tenor, from other southern gentlemen, which time
and space both seem to forbid. I had also collected
numerous texts from the Htble in support of the
free-State sentiment, in reply to quotations that
have been made here to support slavery; but I
will content myself with simple reference to them.
Leviticus, xxiv., 22. Deuteronomy, xxih., 15,
16. Psalms, ix., 18-, x., 2; xu,, 5, 6; Ixxii., 4.
Isaiah, m., 15; v., 20; lviii., 6. Proverbs, iii., 3;
xiv., 31; xxii., 22,23. Jciemiah, xxxiv., 16,17.
Matthew, vii., 2, 12. Luke, x., 36, 37. Acts,
xvii.,26. Hebrews, xiii., 3. Galatians, v., 14,15.
Ephesians, vi., 9. 1 Timothy, vi., 10. Revela-
tions, xni., 10.
The foregoing statements, opinions, and au-
thorities, have fully convinced us of the correct-
ness of our ideas as to the character and influ-
ences of slavery, and of our course in abolishing
it. If you have turned a deaf ear to these teach-
,j ings and warnings of our Washingtons, our Jef-
; i fersons,our Henrys, our Franklins, our Monroes,
;i nur Pinkneys, our Randolphs, our Clays, our
ji Faulkners, and many others who spoke in like
i| manner, and still prefer to remain in your bonds,
m whilst we have profited by their teachings, and
j' present to you continually the living evidence of
ji the wisdom of those patriots, we can only regret
| your determination, and hope that time will work
ii out a change of opinion. Virginia had aposi-
