1853.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3oth Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hoard.
Ho. of Reps.
tion in advance of any of the States that are free,
with a better soil and climate, and yet she has
lagged behind in the march of prosperity. To
what influence can you attribute your relative
decadence, but to slavery? To our action upon
that subject we attribute our greater prosperity.
It was consistent with the doctrines of our Dec-
laration of Independence. Heaven smiled upon
us, and we have pursued our prosperous way re-
joicing-.
Now, with these opinions of the blighting effects
of slavery upon the material prosperity of any
State or Territory winch maintains it, and espe-
cially in a climate where free white labor seeks
employment, and our conviction of its moral and
social wrong, can you expect us to approve of
its extension—nay, to aid such extension, by our
votes and action? Can un evil be extended into
our Territories, and the majority not be morally
responsible for action or inaction ? If you believe
us ^incero in our opposition to slavery, then can
you respect us if we do not on all proper occa-
sions, maintain that opposition? Change places
with us, and would ypu be more tolerant than we
have been? If you believed of slavery, as we do,
that it blights the land that is touched by it; that
it retards development and civilization; that it is
an evil and a wrong; then would you consent to
its extension where you had the constitutional
power to prevent it?
With regard to slavery in the States, we have
no difficulty; and the slave-States need entertain
no fears of any free-State interference. There
never was any danger of any such intervention.
The citizens of the free-States, with few and un-
important exceptions, can find in the Constitution
sufficient authority to relieve them from any re-
sponsibility tor slaveiy in the States. We regret
the infatuation with which you cling to the incu-
bus that prevents your advancement, because we
desire your highest prosperity; but we have no
desire to intermeddle with your prerogatives.
But, in the Territories, the case is, 111 our opin-
ion, entirely different. The Territories being the
common property of the States, must necessarily
be under the rightful control of Congress, unless
the power is delegated by it to some other au-
t honty. It is known of all men that such was the
common opinion of all sections and parties until
v<■ i v recently, and that the Government long prac-
tio< d upon it with the concurrence of all the de-
partments, and without any protest from any State
in the Union, We arc loyal to the Constitution as
we understand it; and we certainly do understand
it is it was understood and practiced upon by
ail the early Presidents and statesmen, including
many who participated in making the Constitu-
tion. The contradictory opinions of statesmen,
and of the Supreme Court, are all of late date, and
have an unquestionable partisan (if not sectional)
ojigiu and character. That they may be consid-
fi ed ju.it and correct by the South, which desired
them beforehand, 1 can well imagine; but at the
enne time they carry no conviction to the free
States.
if the opinion of the court had preceded the po-
litical necessity winch seemed to demand it, and
had been given upon a case requiring that point to
l)i! decided, instead of being volunteered, (just at
a time when party necessity required it,) then the
free States, if they could not have concurred in
te opinion, might have respected the court. This
one of the very worstfeatures of the whole ques-
tion, because,when the court ceases to be respected
by the people, it is thenceforth powerless for good
as well as for evil. To aid a political party, they
have thrown their official reputation into the party
scales, where it has not the weight of a featln r,
and there by lost the confidence and respect of a
large proportion of the people.
Plausible and satisfactory as that opinion of the
court is to you, can you reasonably cxpect us,
under the circumstances, to regard it with favor,
or treat it with respect? It is opposed to long-
established ideas, which the snme court, with
nil other departments of the Government, have
piacticed upon ever since our national existence.
The opinion was not concurred in by the whole
court; and, as it was not called for by the case
presented, it is certainly obnoxious to the suspi-
cion that the judges forgot their judicial dignity
and duty in a desire to contribute the weight of
their opinion to the settlement of a troublesome
question.
Your speakers here always characterize slavery
as an institution of negro labor and servitude only.
Can you defend its other features, or explain why
the slave States do not endeavor to correct the evils
that are connected with it, that wound so deeply
our sympathies? As "negroes of pure African
blood, whose ancestors were brought here and sold
as slaves, "are the only persons whom the Supreme
Court, in their opinion, have decided to have 110
rights that white men are bound to respect, pray
tell us where you find authority to say that cer-
tain females, who are advertised as having blue
eyes, light, straight hair, and fair complexions,
have no rights that white men are bound to re-
spect? Or, if you admit that such persons have
rights, what are they, and why do not your Chris-
tian societies and your laws protect them ? Can
you justify the practice of treating such persons
as you would an African of pure blood? Have
you made any efforts, or expressed any desire to
regard their rights as superior to the rights of per-
sons of pure African blood?
You have told us often in debate—and the same
declaration is commonly used in defense of sla-
very—that slaveiy is a boon to the negro, and
that our sympathies arc entirely misdirected. In
answering tins, we ask you to explain to us why,
then, you grant a slave his freedom as a reward
for extraordinary services ? fs this the way that
you testify your gratitude ? If you believed that
slavery was a boon to the African, would you
take it from him under ptetense of granting him
a favor? Pretending to testify your gratitude,
would you give these unfortunate persons a scor-
pion instead of a fish? nay, would you givcthem
a scorpion in exchange for a ii.di ' How ofien do
we read of slaveholders, in making their last will
and testament, when the vanities of time and the
realities of eternity are presented to them, grant-
ing freedom to their slaves, with expressions of
regret that they had ever held them? This is a
stiange commentary upon the sincerity of such
as hold that slavery is a boon. If slavehold-
ers believed that slavery was really a boon, they
would devote their propeity—if they desned to
testify their interest in the welfare of the negro —
to bringing them from Afuoa to be blessed with
servitude! Has any chat itablo southron done this?
This suggests another defense of African slavi i v,
urged mainly by professing Christians: that it is
one of God's appointed means of Christianizing
the heathen. Tins appears very plausible; but,
I desire to inquire, how many Chiisliaii genera-
tions of an individual heathen ought to he held in
bondage to compensate for Christianizing their
ancestor ?
A few years ago your public men, your Chris-
tians, and your press, spoke of this institution as
an evil, for the introduction of which you were
not responsible, and which you desired to remove,
as soon as some judicious and practicable method
of doing so could be suggested, and matured.
But now you defend it as the con; of your he/irt,
the apple of your eye, the very foundation, (in
your own expressive language, the iiiud-siH"')
of your political and social existence ! i3ut wluUt
to you this in&tii utiou has of late become the ob-
ject of so much solicitude, the theme of so much
moral, religious, and patriotic devotion; expedi-
ence, which we regard as the best of teacheis, has
been impressing mure and more indelibly upon
our mind, the wusdom of the early patriots m
their efforts to limit and circumscribe it; and al&o
the propriety and justice of the following impres-
sive language of the immortal Jefferson, whose
teachings, as a lamp to oui path, have always
served to guide republicans m the way of politi-
cal duty:
Tlieic rrms-l doubtle--- lie tin unhappv influence on the
manners of out pc< pi uduecd i>v tiie ervdenrc of slavery
anions lis. Tiie whole c-omn.rree between tiie m.istei ami
Mave i< a peipemal evrcee of the most boutejou- pn-
•uon-j the most nifrnttUw^ dcytofi-tm on the one
tkLTHiimic Mibim-Mon on tiie oth"r. Our c iiildrln skj-
this, and lcaxin to it. 'j'ne man mu>t be a piod-
i^r}, who can lGtam In-? manners \nd mouu.« rsuLVRAVt-D
h> such euciinvsttuicef."—Notes on Virginia.
Sir, what a commentary upon the institution
of slavery is furnished in the above extract; and
what a painful proof of its correctness is furnished
in the broken and shivered, yet still illustrious,
Senator, who, believing that vengeance belongeth
to the Lord, who would repay it, has not returned
evil for evil!
Much has been said this session about Kansas,
and many seem to think that in the settlement of
that question is centered the destiny not only of
parties, but of the country. I do not desire to de-
tract from the importance of questions connected
with the admission of Kansas, but I do say that
that is not the great question before the country,
nor can its settlement, in the manner recommended
by the Administration, possibly produce that peace
to the country which all patriots so devoutly pray
for. Nay, sir, it would not only fail to produce
peace, but it certainly would be a sword drawn
against peace.
This whole Kansas question is one of a series
of acts all tending to the same end, and which,
when taken as a whole, are of sufficient magnitude
to engage the attention of Congress and the coun-
try, not for a few weeks only, but for months, and
years even, if thereby we can come to a just con-
clusion, and an amicable adjustment of difficulties.
Step by step the country has been, for many
years, approaching the presentpoint of acknowl-
edged danger, and each one (as in this instance)
has been urged upon us as the one that would
bring to us our long-lost but ardently desired pub-
lic quiet. Thus far, however, each step taken in
that hope, instead of producing the promised
quiet, lias only served as an apology for the next,
still loss satisfactory, demand. Whatever mignt
have oeon the result of the longer continuance of
the Missouri compromise, we know not; but this
we do know, that the present Kansas controversy,
witii its long and aggravating story of frauds and
wrongs, has grown out of the act repealing that
compromise. It had been kept for more than a
third of a centurv, and its only remaining effect,
in favor of the fiec States, was confined to the
Kansas and Nebraska Territories. If let alone,
in a very few years its influence in their favor
would have ceased by its own limitation, and just
the same practical result would have followed in
Kansas and Nebiuska, as all now concede, must
follow the tnumph of the popular will in those
Temtories. This result was foreseen and ac-
knowledged by southern statesmen who sup-
posed that measure.
What then, thus far, has been the fruit of that
act which was to settle all controversy in Congress
about slavery5 Nothing but a wider and wilder
alienation of feeling between the two sections of
the countr}'', growing out of the new feature in-
volving the right of the people to govern them-
selves. which has been developed in the Kansas
stiugsje; leaving slavery in the Territory just
where it would have been had the JVlissoun com-
promise remained in force. We have found out,
to be sure, how, when the Congress commits to
the people of the Territories the right to govern
themselves, the Executive can use the Army and
the judiciary, in addition to his other powers, to
oppress and subjugate them. We have found out
that, when Congress abdicates its power m behalf
of the people, a faithless President can seize it
with the grasp of a despot, and wield it with the
heart of a tyrant. We have weighed the strength,
and measured the will and the power, of the con-
tending interests. We have learned that the com-
promise was useless to us; you have found its re-
peel to be ashes to you.
Put this measure was alleged to be necessary to
soctiie p  rfect tranquillity, and complete the cireh'
of compromises oi 1850, which, r was thmi dis-
covered, were quite incompatible with the old <m<*
of 1S:2J. Its repeal was to secure perfect p.^xee,
and "save the Union"—-objects of gieat import-
ance then—winch the compromise measures of
IboD had not quire accomplished. Now, no one
here can have forgotten that, the compromises of
1S5'J were also inaugurated and passed to 4< save
the Union," restore peace to the country, and
put forever at rest the slaveiy agitation; great
measures which the annexation of Texas, and the
acquisition of Mexican territory, had unexpect-
edly failed to complete.
This brings us to a very interesting inquiry
about the object of the annexation of Texas The
agitation which grew out of questions connected
v. irh th" admitsion of Missouri in 1S-0 had sub-
