L GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, Ds *€;
" Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1858.
New Series.,. , .No. £47.*
tory to the mind of any otie as to how those ne-
groes voted—admittingthat they were illegal votes
—with one exception, and possibly three others.
The testimony is extremely frail, and entirely cir-
cumstantial. This man Anderson swears sub-
stantially that all he knew is derived from the
statement of his mother—he presumes she had one
fourth part African blood in her veins; that his
mother's father was white, and her mother Indian
or African, and that the father of witness was a
white man, and that witness voted for Campbell.
He also swears that there is a visible admixture
of African blood in Redmond, and he believes Red-
mond voted for Campbell. He also swears lie
believes Mitchell voted forCampbell,and that there
is no visible admixture of African blood in him,
(page 121.) Miihken swears (page 105) that there
was a visible admixture of African blood in them
all.
MoJlineaux swears that John D. Robbms, Al-
exander Proctor, Thomas Tester, Ephraim S.
Jones, Evan Hoffman, Arthur Hoffman, Cyrus
H. Cowan, Robert Goings, W. Griffith, William
Lawrence, W. Huffman, and Alfred Huffman,
voted at the election. That they are mulattoes
and persons of color. He saw two of the Huff-
mans Vote. Robbins told him he voted ; and the
others, he knew, by the poll-books, to have voted.
Those he saw vote came up by themselves. The
Demociats bitterly opposed their voting. The Re-
publicans favored it. The friends of Campbell,
as far as he knew, favored their voting. He did not
see any of them challenged. He heard a man say h^P
did challenge their votes ; knew nothing of any
opposition to their voting except that he opposed
it himself " outside in conversation, and heaid oth-
ers oppose it in conversation. Supposes, they were
challenged by persons inside, but did not see it
personally."
Ringwood swears:
u I know John D. Robbing Alexander Proctor, Thomas
Tester ; I know the Huffmans, but eouid not distinguish
them by name; I tiunk these are five ; lout ot thcin 1 be-
lieve voted ; I know Cyrus II. Cowan, William Guflith, and
William Lawience; they are all of mixed negro blood.
'• Question 182. State whether you were pie^eut when
any ol these peisons voted, or &avv them otltfi to vote.
"Answer. i did not see them hand their tickets m; I
believe they weie ali challenged, liom the fact that we, the
filends of Vdllnndigham, had made an ariangementtohave
Di. Garver m^ide at the polls lor the express purpo>e of
challenging the&e identical men, as well a  others, whom we
could learn were not entitled to vote,
" Queihoji 183. State what pirt the friends of Camp-
bell took with regaid to these mulattoes voting.
" Answer. They took the tissual part that men doatelec-
tions to get up theu luends to vote JSn lai as my knowl-
edge extends, (and I saw three or four go up to the polls,)
they were attended to the polls by the friends of JL. D. Camp-
bell. One of them, Mi. Lawrence, in crmveisation with
me, admitted that he voted for L. D. Campbell foi Coiigreas,
and advocated his election. Cyrus Cowan toIdme,yestei-
day or the day before, that he had been foiced tu go to the
polls to vote by John A Gage. (John A. Gage b a very vio-
lent party man, and friend ot L. D. Campbell.) I saw Gage
come to the polls with Cowan, and tuging him to vote.
" Question 184. State whether these mulattoes and per-
sons ot color whom you have named are per&ons of a visi-
ble mixtuie of negro blood :
"Answer. Accoidmg to my opinion, They are; they are
so admitted generally in the community, and also by the
judges of election. The mattei vva-s discussed befoie the
judges; the judges decided that these persons lied a right to
vote, because they were mote than halt white.
" Quahon 185 Ilovv many of the judges of that election
weie political friends of Mi. Campbell, and how many were
fhend-s of Vallandigham.;
" Ansitcr. I cannot say positively ; I think two of them
voted ior Campbell. J. 1). RINGWOOD."
"Zaehanah W. Selby, of lawful age, being first duly
sworn, as hereinafter ceititled, deposeth and saith :
" Question 186. State whether >ou have examined the
poll book* on file in the clerk's office of Butler county,
Ohio, of the election held m Oxfoid township, m said
county, on the L4th day ot October, 18o6, and it so, state
wm'tlie'i said poll-hooks show that John D. Robbing, Alex-
andei Pioeto1-, Thomas Tester, E. S. Jones, Evan Huff-
man. Amiut Huffman, Cyrus H. Cowan, Robert Goings,
W. Griffith, William Lawience, W. Huffman, arid Alfred
Huffman, voted at that election ?
u Answer. 1 have examined the poll-books of that town-
ship for that election, and I find theiein the names ot those
peii-otio as voteis at that election. Z. W. SLLBY."
Here now, Mr. Speaker, is all the testimony
,upon which it is sought to strike sixteen votes
from the poll of Mr. Campbell. Admitting, for
argument, that these persons were all illegal
147
voters under the law of Ohio, I ask where is the
evidence thatthese men voted forCampbell,except
the statement of Anderson, as to his own vote,
and his opinion or belief as to Redmond and
Mitchell? No one is proved to have challenged
them at the polls, and nothing is elicited except a ,
wrangle outside and away from the polls, which
these mulattoes did not even hear, or hear of, as |
to their rights. When three or four went to the |
polls they were attended by the friends of Camp- :
bell. How attended? Did the friends of Campbell
aid them in getting in their votes; or were they
going to the polls at the same time only? Ring-
wood says one of them (Mr. Lawrence) told him !
that he had voted for Campbell. Why were they 1
not called as witnesses, as was Anderson? It is ;
not alleged that they could not be had. Why |
leave these votes in uncertainty and call upon us to ]
decide how they voted, with no guide to ou roping
ions but our political attachments and prejudices*
I emphatically condemn this process of dcteim- ;
ining who are members of this House. We i
may, like the mulatto Anderson,presume that they ■
voted for Campbell—or Vallandigham The pre- 1
sumption would depend upon the peculiar feel- I
ings which we entertain, or which pervade the
community in which they live. Out are we to ,
decide an important election case, which involves
the rights of a whole constituency, upon our mere
opinions, formed without evidence, and without ■
any testimony whatever? I cannot, and will not, '
,do it. If other gentlemen can satisfy their minds
and consciences that it is right to do so, the case ,
is with them. 1 take no such responsibility. Out i
of these fifteen or sixteen mulatto votes, there are |
some -eleven or twelve concerning whose votes no <
attempt is made to show whether they were for j
Campbell or Vallandigham; and an attempt tode- j
duct them from either the one or the other is not, 1
in my judgment, warranted by the evidence. |
There are ten other votes which are not shown
to my mind as being illegal, or for whom they i
were cast, to justify me in their rejection—they ,
arc those of Palmer, Fisher, Foster, Levi Neus,
Coble, Sharpe, Line, Maxwell, and GoMine. .
Som^aresaid to be aliens, some idiots, some non-
residents of the county, and some non-residents
of the State. [ have neither time nor inclination ,
to scan the testimony relating to each. It seems,
in each case, to be either inadmissible, contradic-
tory, or insufficient. There are others where the ,
testimony strongly tends to show that they-wero
not legal voters, and that they ought to be de-
ducted from Campbell's poll; but the testimony
is not clear nor satisfactory. They are the votes
of Norris, Smith, Davis, Foulan, Gilliland, and ;
Hall. The conclusion to which the mind would ;
arrive, in considering the h'gahty of these votes,
would be apt to turn upon the rule adopted as the
test of legal evidence and the predisposition of
the judgment upon the question at issue. I will
refer to one case as an illustration of the whole;
and it is one of the strongest cases in the list—
that of Uilhiand. Here is the evidence, p. 110:
" Alexander SterreU, *r., of lawful age, being by me first
duly sworn, a* herouiaftei ceitified, depo<eth and «airh :
Question 48. State whether voti were piesont at the
election held in Ito^s township, Hurler county, on the Mill
day of October, 1856, for the election of Co.igtor.-mnn for
the third congiessionhl dMnct of Ohio ; if so, state whether
Luther Giliilaud and James Pame voted at that election,
and if so, tor whom did they voie?
'• Ansaer. I was present at that time and place on the.
day of that election. Luther Gilliland and James Pame
did vote at that election; they voted foi Lewis 1). Camp-
bell for Congiess.
il Cross-examination.
" Qv^tion 51. Did you see the tickets voted by James
Paine and Luther Gilliland at that election r
l' Answer. I did; I saw the name of L. D. Campbell on
the tickcts."
This testimony is direct and positive. Now as
to his qualifications:
<{ William C. Morris, of lawful age, having been by me
fir«t duly bworn, as hereinafter certified, desposcth and
saith: . , . ,
•k Questi07i 15-4. State whether you were a judse of the
election hold m October, 1856, in Ross township. DiUier
county, Ohio, for Congressman, and if so, state whethei
James Paine and Luther Gilliland voted there at that elec-
tion ?
" Answer. I was a judge of the election held at that #me
and place; James Paine and Luther Gilliland voted- for
Congressman Then and there.
" Question 156. When did Luther Gilliland come'into, &ass
township, Butler county, and when did he leave if?
Answer. He came a day or two before the election and
staid a day or two after. I mean the congressional election.
He had been making his home, I understood, previous to tl^at
in Warren county, in this State. After he left he went ba^ls
to Warren county, and has not been back to Ross township
since, that I know of.
" Cross-examination.
k< Question 158. How do you know when Luther Gilliland
came into Ross township ?
"Answer. lie told us under oath, when sworn on the day
of the congressional election, that he had eotfte into the
township a day or two previous. He claimed that he had no
other residence, and had always considered that his hotnc,
" Question 159. Ilovv do you know where he went to after
the election?
"Answer. Only from what his friends said, and his owa
declaration that ho was going there.
" Question ICO Do you not know that Ross township was
his place of lesidence, or that he made Ins home there?
"Answer. Ho bad not for three or four months before the
election. I know this from having been in Venice every
week, and was toid there that he was in Warren caunty at
work at his trade. His parents li«e in Venice. He is"a sin-
gle man. WILLIAM C. MORRIS."
The reason for rejecting this vote must be, (if
any there is,) that the voter was a non-residen' of
the county, and he is so classed in the report favor-
ing the contestant. Now let us inquire into the
matter. This election was held on the 14th day
of October, 1^56; and, under the laws then exist-
ing, appended to the argument filed by contest-
ant, and published with the reports, is a note, (see
pages 57-58,) as follows:
"TCote —Prior to the session of the Legislature in 1857,
no fixed peiiod of residence in a county, vvaid, or township,
w;^ leqimed as a qualification for electors. Any persqn
moving into a county on the day of election even, and declar-
ing that he had come tn for the purpose of making the county
his home, was allowed to vote. Such case s were of frequent
occurrencc. Residents of other counties and districts, usu-
ally unmanied men,k li?ht to uin away,' were many times
brought in to woik at soino trade or business until after the
election ; and under a lacile conscience and a loose admin-
istration of the law were procured and peunitted to vote.
Thus ' pipe-lajiiig"—colonizing—was an easy and not an
uncommon thing: and to piove the offense ne^t to impos-
sible. This sad defect m the election laws of the State was
remedied at the last session of the Legislature, and a thirty
days' residence m the county ij> now required."
Now, here is the law stated by the contestant
himself. The voter swore he " had always con-
sidered that his home," and his vote was admitted
by the judges as a legal vote; and was so by the
jaw, as stated by the contestant. This is one of
the strongest cases in this list, and in the "views"
which I submitted, if I have erred, it is in favor
of the contestant. It seems, on the most liberal
view, to stand thus:
Returned vote of Campbell  y,338
Add three votes improperly rejected  3
9,.341
Deduct votes of George. Rice, Sage, Ht.ikcs, Sor-
bray, W. II. Houglitehn, White, Wiiglu, Payne,
Donaldson, Ayie>, Moins, Moti^on, Uolton, and
T5nckelon, (conceded,) 15
Also, Walk, Tate, Anderson, Odlm, Ilartman, W.
Lamb, Di aver, and 0<zden  8
Al o, (as. claimed.) the votes of Anderson, Mitchell,
L<t\wence, and Redmond    4
Al-o, Xoiriss, Smith, Davis, Foulan, Gilliland.and
Hall, (all doubtful.)    6 ^
Returned vote oP Vallandigham      9,319
Add vote? improperly lejected  3
Deduct votes of Brevvner, Tehan, Forney, Friday,
Landis, ll\der, King. Itonc, Dennis, Richmond, 9,3*22
Fieidiine, S. Wolf, and Rea    13
9.309
Majority in favor of Vallandigham....    I
111 this estimate I deduct from Campbell sev-
eral votes that ca.i hardly be claimed as illegal.
Then there are other votes which the contestant
claims should be deducted from Campbell's poll,
for winch I can see no grounds whatever; yet I
may be in error, and it is not impossible that
those from whom I differ are in error. If gentle-
men can, from this evidence, satisfy themselves
that Campbell should be turned out, and the con-
testant have his seat, I cannot. I am equally in
