276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-h 30,
85th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hoard.
Ho. of Reps.
sided. The compromise line of 36° 30' as the line
north of which slavery should not exist, estab-
lished by the South against the North, (I speak
of the sections as a whole,) settled the question
of slavery in all the territory then owned by the
Government. There was trifling agitation on the
general subject of slavery, and some impatience
was felt by religious societies at the tardiness of
their southern brethren in urging upon their peo-
ple the sinful nature of the institution. But this
waa always confined to a few persons in the free
States, known there as Abolitionists, and never
having political power sufficient to disturb the
most sensitive southern nerves. All parties in the
free States were then, as they are now, and have
at all times been, the firm and consistent advo-
cates of the political right of the States m which
slavery exists, to continue or abolish it as and
when they please.
Without the acquisition, then, of new territo-
ries, or the abrogation of the ordinance of 1787 or
the compromise of 1820, it must be apparent that
no aliment for slavery excitement existed,except
that of a moral nature, which exists in all the
slave States, as well as in the free States, and
which we have no political power to restrain.
Now, who sought the annexation of Texas,
and for what purpose was it desired ? This was
the beginning of the present agitation, which has
increased in volume and bitterness from that time
till this. That was the first act of the series, with-
out whieli there could have been no sectional ex-
citement, because the slavery question was set-
tled in all the Territories by laws which were
regarded as irrepealable by all parties.
I shall be able"to show that Texas was annexed
for the purpose, and with the avowed intention on
the part of Mr. Calhoun, who was then Secretary
of State, of strengthening aud aggrandizing the
slave States. And the act of annexation was done
in a manner calculated to produce a war with
Mexico, which it was known must result m the
acquisition of more territory.
I extract the following from the official corre-
spondence between Mr. Calhoun, Secretary of
State for the United States, and the British Min-
ister, Mr. Crampton, as germane to this subject
—(Senate Ex. Doc., 1843-44, vol. 5, Wo. 341,
pages 50-51:)
Mr. Calhoun's Letter, April 18,1844.
" It is will) Htill deeper concern tin; President [Mr. Tyler]
regards the avowal of Lord Aberdeen, ot chedc^ue of Great
Uruain to getflavery abolished in TVxas ,and,a3 he infer*,
is endeavoring, through her diplomacy, to accomplish it, by
making the abolition of slaveiy one ot the condition1* on
which Mexico should acknowledge her independence.1' *
* * * "Underline conviction, it id felt to ho the
imperious duly of the Federal Government, the common
representative and protector of the States of the Union, to
adopt, in self-defence, the imwt eirectual measures to defeat
it." * * * * "The geographical position of
Texas would <;.\po w the weakest, and most vulnerable por-
tion of oiu itontier to inroads, and place in ihe p'uvei of
Great Britain the mn>t efficient mentis of effecting in the j
neighboring States of the Union what she avows to lie her j
dewrp to do ui all countries whete -d.iveiy exM->." * * |
* * " Acting m obedience to thwohhgaiion, on which j
our Federal system of Government iess, the President ill- ,
rects me to inform you that a tioatv has bet n < onehnlcd be !
tweeiifHhe United States and Texas for the annexation of I
the latter to the former, as a pait of iW temtoiy, winch will |
be submitted without delay to the Senate for its appioval. j
This step has been taken uilhe mod effectual, if not the only j
MKANS OP (it'ARDINO A.0 \ INST TlIE THItKA.TKNE 1) DVNGKIt, |
and securing their permanent pcaro and ivelfare.9' ]
Letter from same to same,dated Jlpril '27,1844, pa^e 0G. j
" It was not possible for the President to hea  with indif- ,
ference, the avowal of a policy so hostile m us character, {
and dangeiourfin its tendency to the domestic institutions of
so jri'iny of Ihe States of this Union, and to the saiety and i
prosperity oftho whole. j
"The measure [the annexation of Texas] was adopted j
with the mutual consent, and lor the mutual and peunanent j
welfaie of the two countries inteiested. It taut, made neccs- I;
sary, in order to pi csercc domestic imtituhont placet tauler \'
the guarantee of their respective constitutions, and deemed |j
essential to their safety and prosperity." \\
In this connexion, I will also read an extract
from tho Mobile Mercantile Advertiser of about h
1836, (date is not given, imt the extract was pub- h
hshod in the Eastin 1837:) '
"The South wishes to have T<'xas admitted into the
Union for two reasons: first, to equalize the South with the
North ; and, secondly, as a convenient and safe place cal-
culated, irom its peculiarly good soil ami t.alubriou> climate,
for a slavo population. Interest and political sajety hoth
alike prompt the action, and enfotee the argument. The '
tfouth contends that preseivation and justice to themselves
call for that aid to be tendered *oihem which won Id be given j
by the acquisition of Texas. The} aie not safe without it; I
1HFY AKf NO V f! U. \ VCCf) WITU THI T'R'M* ??T TKS " j
A balance of power appears to have been a ruling
idea with the slave States for the last fifteen or
twenty years.
The foregoing facts settle, beyond any question,
the following propositions: that the agitation about
slavery in the States could not have seriously dis-
turbed the quiet of the country; that no agitation
could have grown out of that question in the Ter-
ritories then belonging -to the Government, be-
cause it was all provided for by laws that were
then regarded as permanent; that no such con-
troversy could have existed without the acquisi-
tion of new territory • and that the South, and
not the North, desired the annexation of Texas,
and the acquisition of Mexican territory. The
South, in carrying out the policy avowed by Mr.
Calhoun for promoting southern interests, has
brought this contest upon the country, and she
must bear the responsibility and abide the con-
sequences.
Having thus traced back this sectional agitation
which now " crops out" in Kansas to its origin
in the acquisition of territory by southern action
to strengthen and aggrandize the slave power, and
having shown the foundation,extent, and sincer-
ity of the anti-slavery sentiment of the free States,
I come to speak of the misapprehension, ov mis-
representation, by the South of the true ground
of difficulty between the two sections. Slavery,
although it is connected with the controversy, is
not really the cause of our present difficulty. The
contest is now fully shown to he broader, deeper,
and infinitely higher than the abstract question of
negro slavery. The entire discussion during this
session of Congress on the part of the South, so
far ay I have listened or read, has been pred-
icated upon the idea that the only opposition to
the Kansas policy of the Administration was based
upon enmity to the institution of slavery. Noth-
ing could be more fallacious. Can the South be
so infatuated as to believe that Governor Wise,
Governor Walker, Secretary Stanton, Senators
Bel!, Crittenden, and Douglas, and twenty or
thirty lleprenenUitiveH in the House, who, but a
few days Kinco, were acting with the Democracy
—can they really believe that all these, and scores
of thousands of Democrats who cast their votes
for Mr. Buchanan at the last election, have sud-
denly become the enemies of the Democratic party
on account of its support of slavery? I tell you
nay, sir. But the opposition to that party ha* grown
out of Ike course which it has resorted to, and the
muans lohich it has put in requisition to carry the
country from its high oosition as a liberty-loving
and liberty-defending Republic, as established by
our revolutionary fathers, to a pro-slavkry om-
ovrciiy! Since this last excitement commenced,
an organized, disciplined, and politic minority has
undertaken to wrest the government frt>m the pos-
session of the majority, for tho purpose of ele-
vating a sectional institution which is at war with
the rights, the dignity, and the material interests
ot that majoieity. flerc, , lies the grtive error.
The path of minontiea to power is always bois-
terous, and beset with dangers. Tho commotion
attending the progress of events, in such transfer
<it power, will be force, and the danger imminent,
when the rights of a free, intelligent, and chival-
rous people are thus attacKed." Since this ex-
citement commenced, this minority has been gov-
erning the majority in tins country by political
faTRATF.fi Y.
Itjy this strutting truth, breaking upon the pub-
lic mind, that is aim min<>, rt/oitM g,and uniting the
people for tho reasserlion of popular lu.mrs 1 And
neither party, nor patronage, nor courts, nor techni-
calities, nor stratagems, will dice" t or dder them from
their high purpose.
With the facts before us, we cannot imagine
why it is that the 'South are constantly char-ring
the North as the authors of the excitement, when
tho free States have resisted the measures upon
which the contest!;: based. You habitually charge
the free States with bad faith; but the charge al-
ways rosta upon som>■ speciality or technicality, like
their refusal to vote in Kansas. " All that are m
favor of Brgham Young for Governor, and ivlll
support polygamy, will say, ay. All that are op-
posed to Bngham Young, and xci'U support polyg-
amy, will say, no." Suppose the people of Utah
had the nght to elect their Governor, and should
present the question as above, so that no nnc
could vote for or against Governor until he voted
in favor of polygamy: wpuld you call that affair
election of Governor? How, then, can you call
it a fair submission, even of the question of sla-
very, in Kansas ?
As far back as 1844, when it was determined
that the Democratic party should be transformed
into a pro-slavery agency, the national conven-
tion of that party adopted an anti-republican rule
of party government, giving to the minority the
control of the nomination of candidates for Presi-
dent and Vice President. Without the establish-
ment of such minority rules, Mr. Van Buren,
whose friends numbered a respectable majority
in that convention, would have been nominated,
and the Texas scheme for the aggrandizement of
the slave power, would have failed. From that
time to this, the tendency of that party to sec-
tionalism has been constant; its strength in the
slave States steadily increasing; and its decadence
in the free States equally steady and uniform.
There is another bit of history connected with
this Texas question which I must mention in pass-
ing. I find, in Benton's Thirty Years' View, vol.
2, p. 584, the following:
"Mr. Gilmer then explained to his friend the purpose for
which this letter had been written and sent to General Jack-
son, and the use that wa< intended to be madeot his answer,
(if favoiablo to tho design oi tho author*,) which use wad
this: it was to be produced m the nominating convention
to overthrow Mr. Van Buien and give Mr. Calhoun the
nomination, both of whom were to be interrogated before-
hand ; and it wan well known what the answer would he—
Calhoun for, and Van Buren a*ainit, imnmfoiate annex-
ation—imd Jackson1* answei coincidm-.' with Calhoun's,
would turn tho jjcalo in hid lavor' and blow Van Buren skv-
hu>hSi9
Mr. Van Buren, sure enough, was blown " sky-
high;•" but Mr. Calhoun got no higher than Sec-
retary of State.
It was supposed, nearly up to the time for the
assembling of the Democratic national convention
for 1844, that Martin Van Buren would be the
Democratic nominee against Mr. Clay, who was
to be, aud was, the opposing candidate. Both of
these gentlemen were mtenogated upon the ques-
tion of the annexation of Texas, and both stood
upon the ground that General Jackson had pre-
viously occupied in relation to the same question,
namely, that it would be unjust toward Mexico
to annex a portion of territory which she claimed,
(war then existed between Texas and Mexico,)
without her consent.
Under General Jackson's administration it was
good Democracy to keep national faith with a sis-
ter Republic. But when Texas was to be acquired
lor the purpose before stated, presto ! Democracy
consists in tho disregard of national faith, and
demands annexation, in spite of Mexico, and
with war into the bargain. What constituted true
Democracy in General Jackson was, therefore,
here*y in Mr. Van Buren, and caused his defeat
as presidential candidate. The "tack" was so
sudden, too, sir, that even one who had been
Commander-in-Chief could not change front quick
enough to save himself.
In these days v/c have just a parallel case. The
Senator from Illinois, but yesterday, was at the
head of the Democracy, as the author of popular
sovereignty. To-day, for holding the same doc-
trtne, the Democracy cry out—" Crucify him /"
"Crvcify him!"
Mr. Jefferson taught that Democracy was a
principle by which all political measures should
bo tried and judged. But modern Democracy sets
up executive measures, as the test of political
fidelity, and requiies principles L> be held m re-
spectful abeyance. No familiarity with Demo-
cratic principles can guide aright, nor any fidelity
to them keep any one m the way of modern party
duty.
A great majority of the electors in the free States
ere interested in the rights of labor. They are
Republicans—yes, Democrats—in habit and senti-
ment, intelligent, honest, but confiding almost to
a fault. The grave political wrongs which have
brought the present perils upon the country could
not have been done in any party name less re-
spected than tho Democracy. It was a tnne-
honored," almost a sacred name. Beelzebub, not
in his own hateful name, it is said, but as an an-
gel of light, practices continually his plan against
the welfare and happiness of mankind. So m this
ca*e, faithless pretenders, m the name of Democ-
