1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
own members. Who had the right to determine
in regard to the legality of the elections of the
members of the convention? Why, the conven-
tion itself. It would be a gross usurpation for the
Congress of the United States to undertake to de-
cide who were the legally-elected members of that
convention. They had the right to decide the
questionforthemselves. They did decideit. They
adopted a constitution. How does that consti-
tution appear here for our action upon it? The
President of the United States, by the request of
the president of that convention, has sent his mes-
sage to the House of Representatives, and to the
Senate of the United States, conveying intelli-
gence to us that this constitution has been adopt-
ed by the State or Territory of Kansas. We
have the authority of the Administration, there-
fore, so far as the facts were in its possession,
that the proceedings have been regular, and that
the constitution here presented is such aspropcrly
to justify us in admitting the State.
Now, the question which any plain common-
sense man would naturally ask is, what interest
had the President of the United States in recom-
mending the admission of Kansas under this con-
stitution ? What interest had the members of his
Cabinet ? Why do they recommend to the Con-
gress of the United Status the admission of Kan-
sas under this constitution? Has Mr. Buchanan
any personal object to accomplish ? It has been
announced by himself, it has been reiterated by
his friends, that having reached the highest point
of his earthly desires, he is no longer before the
country for any additional honors, further than
the fair discharge of his duty. The desire of his am-
bition, I suppose, is accomplished,and he is not
a candidate for reelection, llero, then, is the Pres-
ident of the United States, entirely disinterested
in his motives, coming from the northern State
of Pennsylvania, recommending the admission of
Kansas. I speak with no degree of deference to
the opinion of Mr. Buchanan more than I would of
any other man under like circumstances, occupy-
ing a similar position. I think his opinion, cer-
tainly, in this view, is entitled to some considera-
tion.
But if gentlemen attempt to set aside the pro-
ceedings of the Territorial Legislature as illegal,
what comes of the legislation, which is the work
of that body ? Marriages have been solemnized,
estates have been admmisteied,under laws enacted
by that Legislature. Is there any memberof this
House, I do not care to what party he belongs,
who will undertake to say that, the whole proceed-
ings winch have taken place under the authority
of the government of that unfortunate Territory
are illegal? Oh no, I apprehend not.
But we are met with two classes of objectors.
One class—the Black Republicans—atiirm that the
whole government was founded m fraud; that the
Eubhc sentiment was overruled of perverted by
Older ruffianism from Missouri 
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from Ma-
ryland to yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. 1IUGIIES. I understand my colleague,
[Mr. Kilgore] to representhimself to the House
as an old WI112;, and as standing upon the plat-
form of Henry Clay. I wish merely to read what
he has heretofore said in reference to the fugitive
slave law, a measure with which 1 believe Hemy
Clay had some connection, in order that it may
be understood what kind of an old Whig he is. I
read fiom the debates of the Indiana constitu-
tional convention:
" In the ili<cuvsK>n of the propriety of rcfornng tins sec-
tion. no ^I'tuleman had as jet been found willuij? to take
upon himself the advocacy of the odious fugitive slave law,
"u Inch, since its recent parage, had created so much excite-
ment. and upon whieh, in connection with this section, he
denned to -ipe/ik bnetly.
" lie would remaik here that he did not wish to be mis-
understood ni what he should have to say upon tins subject
of th«. fugitive ^lavt! lull, so intimately connected with the
section then under consideration. lie was not in favor of
repudiating the lugitivo slave law while it remained on their
national t-ialute-book. J5i.tck and odious as it was, ho had
jio objection to it- entfn cement, ptovided the ofiiccis of jus-
tice could carry into execution its provisions. The princi-
ple ot the lull—the icaptiue of the slave by the master—
lie would not contioveit, it wa-  the details of it that wcie
odiou< in his estimation. It would be the proudest hour m
Lis h,i\ if h" -honld have to sunendci Ins piopcrty and por-
mouM hbert'v ov a r^r'n-a! to ob"y the mandates of an otheei
\\,so houlfi attempt, in this land of freedom, to cany out
those details, Winle he was willing, as ho before said, to
see the law earned out, it it could be—-although he would
not iiniiieli dsSibt m its execution—lie hoped no gentleman
of any party WAftld, during their deliberations here, become
the advocate ofsb odious a measure. He wa«? no Aboli-
tionist. lie was under as little obligation to that paity as
any gentleman on that floor; but, wmle he repudiated all
connection or fraternity whatever with that class of their
fellow-citizens, so far as then peculiar action was con-
cerned, he must be permitted to enter Ins protest against the
doctrine that the slaveholder of Kentucky and other south-
ern States had the right to use the freemen of Indiana iike
blood-hounds to catch their slaves."
I merely read this in order that it may go be-
fore the world in conncction with the statement of
my colleague, that he speaks as a national Whig.
I will not trespass upon the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, or I could strengthen the
point which I make against my colleague, by
some other and stronger proofs.
One word more. I understand my colleague
to say that he is opposed to the admission of Kan-
sas as a slave State, because of the repeal of the
Missouri compromise. Here is the resolution of
the Republican State convention of Indiana of
1856, of which my colleague was a member, and
upon which his party made the canvass of 1856:
" Resolved, That wc will resist, by all proper means, the
admission of any slave State into this Union formed out of
the teiritorios secured to lieedom by the Mi&souu com-
promise, or otherwise.^
Mr. KILGORE. Will the gentleman from Ma-
ryland pei mit me to ask my colleague a question ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. KILGORE. Has not my colleague said,
even since the commencement of this session, that
the Dred Scott decision was not the law, and that
nobody could pretend that it was the law?
Mr. HUGHES. I do not think that I ever
uttered such a sentiment in my life.
Mr. KILGORE. At no time?
Mr. HUGHES. I do not think I ever did at
any time. I know that the gentleman's party
charged me, during the last canvass, with being in
favor of white slavery. They made the charge
I distinctly.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I presume,
Mr. Chairman, it is best for me to go on with my
remarks, as these gentlemen can adjust their dis-
pute in their own way when they get home, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, in reference to the admission of Kan-
sas, we are met with two objections. I under-
stand that the gentlemen who follow the fortunes
of the distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Judge
Douglas,] to take the ground that everything was
regular m the proceedings in Kansas, or suffici-
ently so as not to authorize any legitimate com-
plaint; but they say that this constitution has
not been submitted to th  people, or is notan em-
bodiment of the will o? - he people. The other
objectors take the ground that the whole govern-
ment in Kansas was founded in fraud. We are
met, therefore, with these two objections.
Well, sir, m relation to the admission of a State
into the Union, we find under the Constitution of
the United States that Congress has the power to
admit new States. I hold that it is not the pri-
mary consideration whether a people proposing
to be admitted have a constitution or not. The
great question here is whether we shall admit
Kansas into the Union. The Constitution of the
United States does not say that when a State is
admitted into the Union that she shall have a con-
stitution; and you do not find in the clause author-
izing Congress to admit new States, anything
said about a form of government. In another
clause youfind the language, that the United States
shall guaranty to every State a republican form
of government. It is not Cannes*, but the Uni-
ted States. It does not say that the United States
should admit new States into the Union, and the
Congress shall guaranty the States a republican
form of government; but that Covgie>s shall ad-
mit new States, and the Uailed States shall guar-
anty to the States republican forms of govern-
ment. Now, when Kansas comes here is she
compelled, as a preliminary, to have a republican
form of government. How can you guaranty
this untifshe is in? It seems to me to be unten-
able to require that when a State comes m she
should necessarily have a republican form of gov-
ernment, because she must first be admitted as a
State before you can guaranty to her a republi-
can form of government. The word " guaianty"
is one of peculiar import. It does not say that
]\ the State shall have a republican form of ccovcrn-
|l ment before admission; but that the United States
shall guaranty a republican form of government.
Rhode Island came into the Union under the Brit-
ish charter; and she did not determine for a con-
siderable time after the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, whether she would
come into the Union or not. "When she came in
no question was asked as to her constitution.
She had not a republican constitution when she
came into the Union, according to our theory.
She had not a constitution of that form, because
she was living under the charter which she had
derived from King Charles II. 1 therefore hold
that it is not absolutely material whether a State,
when she comes into the Union, has a constitution
or not. She may, in fact, have a republican form
of government without a constitution. She may
settle all her proceedings in mass con vention or in
a Legislative Assembly.
Now, sir, States which have come into the
Union have been admitted in different ways.
There is no particular plan or method required.
Some have been admitted by joint resolution, as
was the case with Indiana. Some have been in-
troduced by an act of Congress, express and di-
rect, and others have been admitted by necessary
implication. Ohio was never admitted formally
by an act of Congress; but Congress, in the pass-
age of a law, recognized her by reciting in the act,
substantially, that she was in the Union.
Vermont was the first new State admitted into
the Union, which occurred on the 18th February,
1791. Congress required no constitution, and
none was submitted by her.
Kentucky, being the second new State, was ad-
mitted on the 1st of June, 1792. Her constitution
was never submitted to Congress.
Tennessee was the third new State. She fm med
her constitution the 6th of February, 1796, and
the same was submitted to Congress.
Ohio was the next. Having formed her con-
shtution on the 29th of November, 1802;in Feb-
ruary, 1803, an act of Congress was passed pro-
viding for the due execution of the iaws of the
United States within the State of Ohio, and merely
reciting that she had become a State of the Union .
Congress had nothing to do with her constitution,
and she became a State by necessary implication,
as I have before stated.
Louisiana, on the 7th of April, 1812, was ad-
mitted into the Union by act of Congress.
Indiana came in on the 11th December, 1816,
bya joint resolution,as before mentioned, having
adopted her constitution on the 20th June, 1816.
The State of Rhode Island continued for a long
time without any constitution, having for her
form of government, simply the charter from
King Charles II., and for a considerable period,
declined to adopt the Federal Constitution, and
when she came in, no question was made as to
the chiu ACter of her government. General Wash-
ington, President of the United States, on the 1st
of June, 1790, congratulated Congress upon the
introduction of Rhode Island, in the following
manner:
United States, June 1, 1790.
Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives t
Having iceoived official information of the accession of the
State of Rhode i;>land and Providence Plantations to the
Constitution of the United States, I take the eaihest oppor-
tunity of communicating thesame to you, with uiycon^iat-
ul.itiona on tins happy event, which unites under the Gei'~
etal Government, all tlie Slates which were oiinitially
con'ederuted ; and have directed iny Seeiotaiy to lay betore
you a copy of the letter fiom the president of tuc < onvent.on
of the State of Rhode Inland to the President of the United
States. 'JKORGE WASHINGTON.
There does not appear to have been much con-
sideration as to the character of the constitutions
of the new States, or whether they had nny or
not, or as to the method of admission, until Mis-
souri made her application. She was admitted,
after long and angi y controversy, and aiestnc-
tion was adopted as to the admission of any future
State lying north of 36° 30', undertaking to pro-
hibit the introduction of slavery. This was in re-
straint of their indefeasible right under the Con-
stitution, producing inequality of privilege. After
an experience of thirty years it was discovered to
have no solid foundation, and was ignored by the
general adjustment of 1850, and repealed form-
ally by the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854, and
pronounced to be unconstitutional by the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the D>-eo
Scott case, in its place, the poHey was inaugur-
ated, to submit the settlement ot the slavery ques
tion, as indeed ail other domestic questions, to
