1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and was compelled to resort to the use of Treas-
ury notes, as it has done of late.
A better day soon dawned. The tariff act of
1842 was passed by a Whig Congress, and at
once, as if by magic, our co'ton and woolen mills
again save forth the cheerful hum of activity; the
forge fires of New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee* Missouri,
Maryland, and Virginia, were again lighted up;
and everywhere the energies of the people were
awakened; the wheels of industry put in rapid
motion; animation, hope, and confidence, dis-
pelled the gloom that had settled on the land; the
mountains rejoiced, the valleys became vocal with
the sound of the hammer and the cheerful song of
the working man, and there were none to molest
or make afraid.
Under the operation of this tariff, the United
States reached the culminating point of prosper-
ity, growing out of her industrial pursuits. Un-
fortunately for the American people, the tariff of
1842 was a Whig tariff; and because it wasa Whig
tariff, and a Whig measure was covering the coun-
try with blessings and benefits, it became obnox-1
ions to the Demociatic party, which came into j
power soon after, and pronounced sentence of |
death upon it, which was carried into execution j
by the passage of the act of 1846. ;
And then, too, the doctrine of "free trade"
became permanently incorporated into the articles
of Democratic faith; since which time, protection
is held to be unconstitutional and heterodoxy-free
trade constitutional and orthodox.
The country has now had ample experience of
the operation of both systems—of the "American |
system," which seeks to protect our own labor j
and manufactures against the injurious competi- j
tion of foreign labor; and of the low-duties system
which discriminates against our own products, !
and in favor of foreign goods, which encourages i
large importations of foreign merchandise, to the 1
utter prostration and ruin of our manufacturers, ;
capitalists, and operatives. If any one desires to
know the effect of the two systems, let him look j
at the condition of the United States under the !
operation of the tariff of 1842, and then at our '
present condition, under the operation of the tariff
of 1846, as amended by the subsequent acts. ;
These will present a study for a statesman;
and he who will honestly and earnestly investi- :
gate the subject, unbhnded by prejudice or pre- '
conceived opinions, will not be long in arriving ,
at just conclusions as to the causes which have 1
brought about the present general prostration of
trade, commerce, and the various branches of
productive industry.
Sir, as nations are but an aggregation, or con- !
gregation, of individuals; their affairs are to be !
judged of, as we judge of those of a family.
Whatever course of conduct or policy is calcu-
lated to promote the prosperity of the family is
also calculated to promote the welfare of the nation. \
It would seem to be but repeating a truism to ,
say that that family which produces the most by _
the labor of its several members, and at the same :
time buys the least of its neighbors, especially of I
articles of luxury, and such as are calculated to ;
minister to vanity, and breed idleness and extrav- j
agance, is sure to become the most prosperous, !
powerful, and wealthy.
On the other hand, that family whose members '
are either too proud or too lazy to work, who |
produce nothing, buy everything, and indulge ,
in luxury and extravagance, whatever may have
been their wealth, (accumulated by an industri-
ous, wise, and prudent ancestor,) must ere long :
become involved in debt, and sink into poverty
and insignificance—the inevitable consequence of 1
idleness and extravagance. I
And thus it is with nations: that which per- 1
forms the greatest amount of productive labor—
which is eugaged in the greatest variety of indus-
trial pursuits, so that the various branches may be
enabled to interchange their respective proekic- 1
tions with the leastamount of transportation, and i
which also employs the largest amount of labor- 1
saving machinery and steam-power, which relies
most upon its own labor, and pays the smallest
amount of specie for foreign merchandise in pro-
portion to its population, and the amount of its
exports—that nation will inevitably outstrip all
others in the lacc of national power, wealth, pros-
perity, and importance.
To withhold from our own people that foster- ,
ing care which they have a right to look for from
a wise and considerate Government, and at the
same time to give the industrial classes of other
nations advantages over them in our own mar-
kets, and to expect them to win the race which is
ever being contested between great nations, is to
hamstring your own high-mettled racer, and to
expect him to outstrip the foreign horse that may
be brought in competition with him upon the turf!
The one would not be more unwise and cruel than
the other. But such is the treatment our indus-
trial and business classes have been, and are now,
receiving at the hands of the Federal Government,
controlled as it is, and has been for more than
twelve years, by the free-trade doctrinaires,
guided by the " platforms" or charts of modern
Democracy, authoritatively and oracularly laid
down, put together, and marked out by those well-
known bodies of distinguished, learned, and ex-
perienced statesmen, profound jurists, and emi-
ncntscholars, which meet every four years for the
purpose of reviring, adding to, and amending the
canons of Democracy, and nominatingcandidates
forPresidentand Vice President; and also by that
other body, so distinguished for moderation, wis-
dom, and love of the Union, which meets an-
nually, or semi-annually, to devise means to dis-
solve it!
Sir, it is sometimes profitable for statesmen and
legislators to turn back the historic pages of their
own country, and make themselves familiarwith
the ideas, feelings, opinions, hopes, and expecta-
tions of some of the most eminent men who have
long since passed away; but whose actions and
opinions as public men who gave direction to public
opinion m their day and generation, must always
command respect. 1 have said that, according to the
canons of modern Democracy, protection and en-
couragement to our own labor and manufactures is
unconstitutional and heterodox. The Constitu-
tion, as construed by these profound statesmen,
gives Congress no power to promote the general
welfare. Oar manufactures may be depressed, or
utterly ruined by the competition from abroad, and
our operatives thrown entirely out of employment
by the influx of foreign fabrics produced by the
half-fed and half-paid labor of European or east-
ern countries; but there is no help for it. Con-
gress has no constitutional power to protect the
one or relieve the other by imposing such duties
as would put a stop to such ruinous competition !
Such is now the doctrine of " the Democratic
party;" and we have lately seen it semi-officially
announced in the Union, the organ of the present
Administration, that " the Democratic party is the
Government, and must be sustained /"
But what were the opinions of those sages who
framed the Constitution? A little time may not
be unprofitably spent in referring to these, and
allowing the distinguished dead to speak to us
from the tomb.
The first act passed by Congress under the pres-
ent Constitution—drawn up with great care,as is
wel known, by Mr. Madison, one of the leading
members, if not the leading member, of the con-
vention which formed the Constitution—is enti-
tled "An act for laying a duty on goods, wares,
and merchandise, linpoited into the United
States."
Strange, that the very first Congress, composed
as it was in no small part of the very men who had
been the architects of the Constitution, should, at
the very earliest moment, and by its first recorded
act, violate that Constitution which the members
had sworn to support, by usurping a power not
conferred upon it, and that no patriotic or indig-
nant voice was raised to protest against such a
glaring usurpation! How unfortunate for the
country that some of our modern Democrats and
doctrinaires had not been born in time to raise
their voices against such heterodoxy, and put Mi.
Madison and his compcers to shame and coniu-
sion !
The act thus passed by Congress, and pro-
claiming its unconstitutional purpose on its very
front, was signed by George Washington, who,
unfoi tunately, had not had an opportunity of read-
ing the Constitution (which he also signed as Pres-
ident of the convention) by the brilliant light of
modern Democracy which now illumines the Cap-
itol, the Wnne House, and the peripatetic con-
vention peuodically held m a part of the country
considered not very promotive of the health of an
Abolitionist!
That General Washington, was a heretic,- if
tried by the canons of the doctors of the moderii
school of Democracy, will clearly appear from the
following extract from his last annual message;-
" <^i>n1§r.ess ^as repeatedly, and not without success, di-
rected their attention 10 tlni encouragement of manufactures.
The object is of too much consequence not toJnsnre a con-
tinuance of their efforts, in every way which shall appear
eligible. As a general rule, manufactures on public account
are inexpedient; but where the state of things in a country
leaves little hope that certain branches of manufacture will,
for a great length of time, obtain, when these are of a Ma-
ture essential to the furnishing and equipping of the public
forces in time of war, are not establishments-for procuring
them on public account, to the extent of the ordinary de-
mand for the public service, recommended by strong con-
siderations of national policy? Ought our country to re-
main, in such cases, dependent on foreign supply?"
As Mr. Jefferson is still held up by those who
profess the Democratic faith and belong to the
Democratic church as the great teacher, leader,
apostle, and founder of the Democratic party, it
may not be amiss, Mr. Chairman, to bring him
upon the stand, and let him tell us what his views
and opinions were in regard to the authority of
Congress to protect and encourage manufactures.
Let us listen to the voice of45 the sage of Monti-
cello:"
" To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce and nav-
igation in all their lawful enterprises, to foster our fisheries,
as nurseues of navigation and for the nurture of man, and
to protect the manufactures adapted to .our circumstances
these, fellow-citizens, are the landmarks by which we are
to guide ourselves in all our proceedings."
Surely such doctrine as this must sound strangely
to the car of a modern Democrat and doctrinaire !*
What, the apostle of Democracy himself a her-
etic? As soon would we have expected to dis-
cover that the great Hildebrand, Gregory Vll.,
was guilty of heresy ! But so it is, and here is
further proof of the fact. In his eighth annual
message, Mr. Jefferson said:
" The situation into which we have been forced has Im-
pelled us to apply a portion of our industry and capital to
national manufactures and improvements. The extent of
conversion is daily increasing, and little doubt remains that
the establishments, formed uiul foiming, will, under the au-
spices of cheaper material-; and -subsistence, the freedom of
labor frotu taxation with u^, and of protecting duties and
prohibitions, become permanent."
And, again: eight years after he had retired
from the Presidency, in a letter to Mr. Benjamin
Austin, of Boston, dated January 9, 1816, he thus
gave emphatic expression to his views in regard
to the encouragement and fostering of our domes-
tic manufactures:
" To be independent for the comforts of life, we must fab-
ricate thern foi ouisnjvos—wo must now nlace our manu-
facturers by the M<Jeof the agnciiltuiist. The grand inquiry
now is : hli.ill we make our own cumfoits, <>i go without
them fit tin* will of a foiesgn nation ? II< , ther eiore, who ia
now against domestic manufactures, mu-i he for reducing
ni either to a dependence upon that nation, or he clothed
in i-kui-, and live like beast?, in dons and caverns. I am
psoiid to sav that I am not one of the*<\ Expoiiuncc lias
uuurht ni • that manu'actiuprs are now as necessary to our
independence as to our comfort."
Such, Mr. Chairman, were the opinions of the
earliest apostle, and the founder of li Democracy in
Ameuca." Not casually or hastily expressed,
but deliberately put forth, wi itten and proclaimed
to his fi lends and the world. There they stand,
recotded urthe atchivos of the country, and can
never be obscured, hidden, denied, explained
! away, or il expunged." Mr. Jefferson was not
1 a mm to preach one thing and practice another;
! and he therefore earned his preaching into p/ac-
' tice, by clothing himself in the cloth of his own
' country. It was his pride to appear in gai ments
■ of domestic manufacture; and in this respect set
; a praiseworthy and patriotic example to his coun-
1 try men and neighboi s.
| And what, Mr. Chairman, thought Mr. Mad-
| isnn, another apostle of Democracy, in regard to
the constitutionality as well as the policy of Con-
| gross fostering and protecting domestic manufac-
j tures? I have already referred to and given the
i title of the first act passed by Congress, under the
| Constitution, drawn up, reported, and advocated
I by him, the avowed purpose of which was to en-
! cowage and protect our domestic manufactures,
i Let us now see what he had to say on this sub-
j ject, twenty or twenty-five years after, when he
• spoke as President of the United States.
In a special message to Congress, May 23,
1809, he says:
" It will he worthv, at the same time, of their (Congress)
just and provident care, to make such tuitiier .ilieuiuons m
the laws as wjII more espoeiail) protect and foster Hie sev-
eiai branches of' inanufactmes which have been recently
