$3*0
THE -CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
May 22,
instituted or extended by the laudable exertion of oar citi-
zens,.5'
Again, in his special message to Congress, May
31, f8X4, he said:
" I lecommend, also, as a more effectual safeguard, and
as an encouragement to our growing manufactures,that the
additional (Junes on imports, which ate to expire at the end
of one year after a peace with Great Britain, be prolonged
to the end of two years after that event."
I could quote pages of similar sentiments from
Mr. Madison, who, like Mr. Jefferson, showed
his faith by his works, having been inaugurated
in 1813 in an entire suit of clothes made of cloth
manufactured in my own State-, for which he was
greatly commended by the whole nation. I shall
liot occupy my time by reading any further ex- j
tracts from his messages, though I cannot, forbear i
calling the attention of my Democratic friends to
his letter to Mr. Joseph C. Calwcll, of Virginia,
dated September 18, 1898, upon " the constitu-
tionality of the power in Congress to impose a
tariff for the encouragement of manufactures." In
that letter he says:
"That the encouragement of manufactures was an object
ofthe power to regulate trade is piovod by the u*p m.ido of
ihe power for that object in the first session of the first
giess under the Constitution, when among the members
present were so many who had been members ot' the Fed-
eial Convention which framed the Constitution, and ot the
State conventions which ratified it; each of tlio.se classes
consisting also of members who had opposed and who iiad
espoused the Constitution m its actual (mm. it does not
appear, from the printed proceedings of Congre^ on that
occasion, that the povvei was? denied by .my of them ; and it ,
may be remarked that members from Virguuam partieuhu, |
. 9 well of the Anti-Federal as the Federal pait\—tne names I
then distinguishing those who had opposed and those who
had approved the Constitution—did not hesitate to propose ]
duties, and to suggest even prohibition* in favor of sfveial 1
articles of her production. By one a duty was propoj-cd on :
niineial coal, m favor of the Virginia coal pits; by another, a
duty on hemp was piopo ed, to eneouiage ihe growth of that
article ; and by a third, a prohibition even of foreign beef
was Miggostod as a measure of sound policy.5'
*< A luithei evidence in suppoit <>l the constitutional
power to juoteet and footer manufactures by n'nuiation-s of
trade—an evidence that ought of itM'lf to >ettle the question
—is the uiiilouu and practical sanction given to the power
by the Fed^ial Go\ eminent, for rio.uly tbity yais, with a
cououu'snee or a.-qme^oeuec of eveiy State government,
throughout the same poiiod; and it mav be added, thiough
all the vieihsiiudos of puity whieh marked the period. No
novel column,lion, however ingeuioutdy doviM>d, oi how-
over respectable and patriotic th> patrons', can withstand ihe
weightof'siieh authorities or the unbtoken em rent of *o pio-
longed and univeisal a practice."
So much for the opinion of Mr. Madison, one
of the architects of the Constitution, a true patriot,
and a statesman of huge experience and compre-
hensive views; and now what said his friend anil
successor, the lastof the revolutionary Piesidonts
—Mr. Monroe? In his third annual message be
said:
" it is deemed of grcatimpoilance to give encouragement
to our domestic manulactu^e.s.,,
In his sixth he said:
"Satisfied am I that iheieaie oilier strong reasons, which
impose on lift the obligation to ehen->h and Mi-dam our lu.ui-
utactule^.,,
Mr. Chaiunan, I might well content myself
with the quotations I have already made from
" the fathers of the Republic," in support of the
power of Congress to foster and protect, by dis-
crimimaingduties, the manufactures of our coun-
try—a power which was never questioned by the
framera of the Constitution. But, as I desire to
hear what the great patron saint of modem De-
mocracy has to say upon the subject—and, as
there was one President only between him and
Mr. Monroe, I will keep up the chain by present-
ing a passage of striking force from Mr. Adams's
fourth an
Jackson.
This ts Mr. Adams's language:
" Is the self-proioeting oneigy of this nation so helpless
that thmc eusts in the political institutions of oui country
no power to counteiaet the huis oi loieign legislation , tlt.ti
the growei*ot gnun miM r-ubmitto the exclusion irom tfic
foreign niai keis oi then ptoduco, that the shippers inm-wiis-
manile tbeii ship--, the nade of the \'oith ^ta'inare at the
Wharve.s,and ffie manufacturer.-* st.u vr :.t th'-ir looms, while
the whole people shall p?iy ti ilmte to foreign industry, to be
clad in foreign garbs ; tnat Congie-s and the Onion are im-
potent to resioi e the balance in fa\ oi of domestic industry
desuoyed by the statutes of any icalu;:''
These pertinent. questions, put with great force
and directness, arc well utiswoied by the succes-
sor of Air. Adams—General Jackson; who, in his
second annual message, thus presents his views
npoa tins great subject:
II The power to impose duties upon imports ongniallv
belonged to the sevcutl States. Tne right to adjust these
duties", with a view to the .-ncouiagemeut ot domestic
branches of industry, is so completely identical with the
power,that it i  difficult to suppose the existence ofthe
one without the other. The States have delegated their
whole authority over imports to the General Government,
without limitation or lestriction; saving the very inconsid-
erable reservation ielat ve to the inspection laws. This
authority having thus entirely passed from the States, the
right to exercise it for the purpose of protection does not ex-
ist m them ; and consequently, if it be not possessed by the
General Government, it must be oxtinct. Our political sys-
tem would thus present the anomaly of a people shipped of
the right to foster theirown industry, and to counteract ihe
most selfish and destructive policy which might be adopted
by foreign nations. This surely cannot be the case ; this
indisputable power, thus sunendered by the States, must
be within the scop<* of aiithonty on the subject expressly
delegated to Congress, In tbisconclusion I am confirmed,
as well bv the opinions of Presidents Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison* and Monroe, who have each repeatedly rec-
ommended tins right under the Constitution, as by the uni-
foim practice of Congress, the continued acquiescence of
the States, and the general understanding ofthe people."
| Thus, sir, have I presented, not only the opin-
; ions of the fathers of the Republic in regard to the
power and policy of Congress protecting &nd nurs-
ing our domestic manufactures, but also the de-
; liberate opinion of one whose opinions are never
! openly called m question by the party which holds
' his memory in the highest reverence; and these,
1 I think, may be well set up against the strange
| doctrines now generally held by that party upon
| this subject. These latter seem to me to be too
absurd for argument, or any attempt at refutation;
and 1 cannot but think that the time will come
when their absuidity and fallacy will appear so
| palpable and glaring to the people as to excite
: wonder that any one could ever have entertained
[ such strange notions, or seriously maintained
| their soundness.
I Rut whether sound or absurd, so long as they
i constitute in part the creed of modern Democracy,
! and are held to be binding upon all who profess
; the Democuitic faith, and acknowledge the bind-
| ing force of Democratic platforms, and the people
think proper to keep that party in possession
of the Government, thus giving it a controlling
power over the legislation of the country, so long
will the industrial interests of the country lie suf-
fered to languish in neglect, while, by our un-
wise and suicidal policy, wo encourage foreign im-
portations, by which we are impoverished, and
foreign labor and manufacturers ^stimulated and
encouraged by our folly and capital.
In most nations, Mr. Chairman, those ques-
tions which relate to finance and business, and
whie.h concern the prosperity of the active, in-
i dustnou^, producing classes, demand and receive
\ the earliest attention of those who are placed as
| guardians over the common weal. If any one
j branch languishes, and thoso engaged m it sulfur
: from stagnation, the cause is at oive sought, and,
j if it can be, a remedy applied. But here, where
j our theory is that the interests of the people will
j not be overlooked or negleotcd by the lleprescnt-
j atives of the people, we give oui solves little con-
! cern whether our laws are such as to promote I he
j general prosperity, or whether they operate det-
j nmentaily to our trade, commerce,and manufac-
[ tures.
! Look, for instance, at our commerce: once we
i could boast that we possessed almost amonopoly
, of the carrying trade ofthe world; but how is it
! now ? Do wo perform the carrying for other na-
| tions now upon the occan * By nu means; and
j even a large shaie ofthe most valuable part of our
own produce and goods is in the hands of other
j nations. Ourcommerce is dwindling down to in-
! significance, while that of our rival, England, is
i increasing in a most astonishing manner. And
t why is this? Because England is governed by
] far-seeing and enlightened statesmen, who, whnt-
; ever party may be in or out of power, look to the
; prosperity of hergreat industrial departments, her
agriculture, trade, manufactures, and commerce,
| and hesitate not to adopt such measures and pass
such laws as the objects they ha\e in view dotnand
at their hands. They are quick to pciceivft and
■ prompt to seize any advantage presented, or to
profit by the blindness and obstinacy of those
■ nations which pursue theories, rather than solid
advantages. If, by spreading a net of mail steam-
; ers over every sea, and thereby gathering into her
1 hands the most valuable portion of the carrying
trade and commerce of the world, while we stand
, looking on as if indifferent, or asleep, thus yield-
ing to her the rich harvests of commercial enter-
; prise we once enjoyed, who is to be censured and
who commended ?
Mr. Chairman, we are often told that the present
financial depression under which the country is
suffering will soon pass away, and business will
againrevive, with all its wonted animation and ac-
tivity. But, sir,
" Hope tells a flattering tale."
I wish I could believe this prediction, or see any
reasonable ground for indulging in such a pleas-
ing anticipation; but I cannot. What is to set the
wheels of our cotton and woolen mills in motion ?
What inducement or protection against the ruin-
ous competition of foreign goods, passed through
our custom-houses by means of false oaths and
fraudulent invoices, by the payment of one third,
one half, or two thirds of the duties that ought to
be levied upon them, and would be but for these
custom-house frauds—what inducement or pro-
tection, 1 say, do you afford to the American man-
ufacturer? None whatever. How, then, can it
be expected that he will again put his spindles and
looms in operation when ne has to meet such com-
petition in the markets of his own country; and
when, too, the best fabrics he can manufactuie
are not considered worthy to be woi n, even in the
street, by his own countrywomen ? Sir, I fear the
day is still distant when we shall again hear the
cheerful music of the spindle and the shuttle, and
behold the smiling faces of active, industrious, and
happy operatives swarming in and out of our cot-
ton and woolen factories.
And, sir, can the farmers of the rich and bound-
less West expect a return of prosperous times
while every branch of industry is paralyzed at
the North and East? Where are they to find a
market for their superabundant crops? Where
•are the mouths to consume, and the money to pay
for their wheat, corn, flour, butter, cheese, and
lard ? Not among us; at least, so long as our peo-
ple are compelled to remain inactive for want of
a remunerating market for the products of our
labor. lie who cannot sell cannot buy; and he
whoeannot buy must contiive to live at the lowest
possible rate of expenditure—dispensing with all
luxuries, and depriving himself of even some of
the comforts of life. Nor, Mr. Chairman, is this
all. if those who have heietofore obtained a live-
lihood by their mechanical or manufacturing skill
and industry, find that resource cut olf, and are
unable any longer to obtain employment in their
accustomed avocations, they must abandon these
and seek a livelihood in other departments of in-
dustry in agriculture, and m other and distant
sections of the country.
Sir, we may indulge ourselves in flattering an-
ticipations of returning prosperity, but all such
hopes will be delusive, so long as, by our laws,
we give advantages to foreign manufactured goods
over our own, and thus enable the foreign manu-
facturer and importer to reap the hat vests from
our own fields. No European nation has now
the folly to expose her own operatives and mer-
chants to the operations of any such suicidal pol-
icy ; fatal experience has taught them the fallacy
of the free-trade doctrines now taught, but not
practiced upon, by England; who owes all her
wealth and commercial and manufacturing pros-
perity lo her protective laws and her exclusive
policy. But we cling to these fallacies, and piac-
tice upon English theories, manufactured for
others, and not for home consumption; as we pur-
chase and consume English goods, manufactured
expressly for us. And, Mr. Chairman, so long
as we do this, we maybe nominally independent
of her, but we are as much her colonies commer-
cially, as we were when she would not permit
even a nail to be manufactured here, but took all
( our raw material, and compelled us to purchase
if everything that was manufactured of her.
ij The Piesident has informed us, that the cause
11 of the commercial and financial revulsion, that has
come upon us, was the over issue of the bnnks.
!| Well, Mr. Chairman, if that is true, how does it
happen that when that cause is removed, things
i1 do not return to their wonted activity ? Instead
'j of the banks over issuing now, theyvcan get scarce-
1 ly any paper to discount; and their capitals ar;
lying comparatively idle m their vaults. Sir, this
was not the cause, and therefore the cessation of
all banking business is not the remedy. The
cause ts over trading, over buying; buying more
than we can pay for; and buying of foreign nations
instead of manufacturing for ourselves; employing
foreign operatives instead of our own. And, sir,
when this comes to be believed; when the true
