27 c
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. ov Reps.
gle, which has occupied so much of ourtime, to
the almost entire exclusion of other important
public business, is about to terminate. Before the
setting of to-morrow's sun, this great question,
momentous in its results of weal or woe, will have
been decided.
Jn advocating the immediate admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution, I shall
speak with the frankness and freedom which the
subject deserves. I hope to do so, however, with
entire respect to the opponents of this measure on
the other side of this Hall, and especially with-
out reflection upon the motives of those Demo-
cratic Representatives who have deemed them-
selves constrained to separate on this measure
from four fifths of their political brethren on this
floor.
It will be my purpose to show that the imme-
diate admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, is demanded, not less by a strict ob-
servance of the true principles of representative
government, than by a sacred regard to that equal-
ity and sovereignty of the States, which consti-
tute the strongest bond of our Union.
What, Mr. Chairman, are the facts of this ap-
plication ? In 1850, when for the sake of peace,
it was proposed to extend the Missouri line,'as
adopted in 1820 and applied to the Louisiana pur-
chase, to the territory which had then been but
recently acquired from Mexico,it was indignantly
refused by the anti-slavery Representatives of f he
North, and their united votes stand recorded
against the proposition. The nascent spirit of
abolitionism was then too strong and potent to he
hemmed iu by any geographicallme, and from the
.sectional agitation which ensued, it was apparent
that the Missouri compromise line could not be
extended. The fires of sectional discord waxed
so warm as to threaten destruction to the Union.
The stormy debate which then ensued, and the
gloom which hung like a dark pall over the whole
country, will always be regarded as a prominent
crisis in the history of this Republic. The com-
promise measures closed that fearful struggle,
and in lieu of the extension of a geographical line,
there was substituted the more harmonious princi-
ple that the question of slavery was to in: with-
drawn from Congress, and the people of the Tei-
ritories left free to regulate their domestic insti-
tutions in their own way. Whatever may have
been the. opinion and action of loading; men in
particular localities, the settlement of this sec-
tional controversy by the compromises of 1850 was
generally acquiesced in and approved by the con-
servative anu patriotic men of all parties through-
out the length and breadth of our land. In 1854,
the Kansas-Nebraska act was passed; and acting
on the principle of non-intervention which marked
the compromises of 1850, this Missouri hue was
declared inoperative and void, non-intervention
was again reaffirmed, an^ the Congress of the
United States declared—
" The truf! intent ami meanm  of that act not m 'late
slavery into any Territory or tftate, noi lo exclude it tneie
horn, hut to leave the people thereof peifcetly fiee to fonti
ned regulate their domestic institutions in then own way.''
A territorial government was formed, and vrry
.shortly after its organization a Territorial Legis-
lature was clected. In July, 1855, tliiw Legisla-
ture submitted to the people of Kansas the ques-
tion of whether they would call a convention to
frame a State government, preparatory to admis-
sion into the Union. The election was held, and
by almost a unanimous vote the people decided in
favor of a convention. In pursuance of tins vote
The Territorial Legislature, on the 19th February,
[857, passed their convention act. Tins was just
and fair in all its provisions. It was passed by
legal authority, and was the result of the popular
vote demanding its passage. It provided for the
election of delegates, the taking of the ceiu-u^, and
registry of voters. It afforded equal opportuni-
ties to all in the election of delegates. It allowed
a month for the correction of rcgisti y returns, and
denounced heavy penalties againsttraudulent and
illegal voting, and protected the elective franchise
by the strongest provisions. It is proper here to
mention, that this act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture was vetoed by Governor Geary, because it
ciid not provide for a submission of the constitu-
tion to the people. The Legislature passed it by
a two-thirds wtc over his head, utteily icpudi-
afing the necessity of a submission of the consti-
tution, or any part thereof, to the people, unless
the convention deemed proper to do so.
An election for delegates took place. The con-
vention met and adopted a constitution. The con-
vention submitted to the people of the Territory
the question of slavery or no slavery, and on the
21st December, 1857, this vote resulted asfollows:
constitution with slavery, six thousand two hun-
dred and twenty-six ^constitution without slavery,
five hundred and sixty-nine. Since the assem-
bling of Congress a vote has been taken for mem-
bers of the State organization ordained by this con-
stitution, and these officers were elected by the
largest vote ever cast in the Territory. It is true
that Governor Stanton convened the Territorial
Legislature which met after the convention, and
that this Legislature attempted to usurp the power
of directing a vote on the constitution, upon the
4th of January, 1858, the day on which the State
elections under the State constitution had been
held. It is also true that a large vote was cast
against the constitution on the 4th of January, as
ordered by the Territorial Legislature of Kansas,
and which it will hereafter be attempted to be
shown was clearly null and void.
Kansas now presents her constitution, and is
knocking at our doors for admission into this holy
sisterhood of State*! In theeaiher,andl wasgoing
to say, better days of the Republic, an admission
that the constitution of Kansas was republican,
and that the Territory contained the requisite pop-
ulation would be all that would have been required
to have added another State to our confederated
Union. When we behold the strife and discord
that this application has produced, after the de-
velopment and growth of our free and noble insti-
tutions, planted more than eighty years ago by
our patriot sires on this continent, and who wrote
their pledges for their maintenance in revolution-
ary blood, and sealed them with their lives, it al-
most sickens the heart to think
•< That eenturios should reap
No mellower haive^t."
I propose briefly to answer some of the objec-
tions made against the passage of this bill. What
are they? It is claimed that an enabling act was
necessary before the people of a Territory can
form a State government with a view to admis-
sion in the Union. This was one of the strong
points made by the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, in his celebrated speech on the 9th De-
cember. In support of bis position, he citcd the
admission of Arkansas, and the arguments of
Mr. Buchanan and other distinguished gentlemen
of that day, in I'.ivor of the necessity of enabling
acts. Whate\er conservative men of all parties
might have at one period thought of the regularity
of enabling acts as a prerequisite for admission, it
is too late in the day now to insist upon their ne-
cessity. Against the arguments of northern and
southern men, in former times, m favor of these
enabling acts as a shic qua non to admission, we
point to the precedents and past history of the
Government. A large majority of the new States
have come in without enabling acts. The settled
practice of the Government has been against their
necessity, and the honest opinion of distinguished
men has been forced to yield to precedent. The
distinguished Senator from Illinois, himself, disre-
garded the want of an enabling act in the admis-
sion of several of the free States, in which the South
was compelled to acquiesce. The authority of the
Territorial Legislature to call this convention was
acquiesced in by Governor Walker, Secretary
Stanton, and the people of the Territory them-
selves; ay, sir, by no one moie fully than by
the distinguished Illinois Senator himself, in his
Spiingiield speech, delivered but a short period be-
fore the Kansas convention assembled ! I under-
stand, however, that the Senator from Illinois has
now abandoned most of the positions of his speech
delivered upon the 9th December, and that he an-
nounces himself as "ready to waive all irregu-
lairy and vote for admission, if he was satisfied
the Lecompton constitution was the act and deed
of the people of Kansas, and embodied their will."
Such I understood to be his position, as stated by
him in reply to an inquiry by the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, during the debate
in the other wing of the Capitol, but a few days
since. If any other authonty were wanted that
an enabling act is unnecessary, it could be fur-
nished in the opinion of Mr. Justice McLean, of
the Supreme Court of the United States, who (in
the case of Scott vs. Johnson, 5 Howard, 380)
says:
"Michigan was an orzamzed Territory of the United
States. Its Governors, judges, and all other territoiial offi-
cers were in the discharge of their various functions. The
sovereignty of the Union extended to it. Under these cir-
cumstances, the people of Michigan assembled by delegates
in convention, and adopted a constitution, and under it
elected members of both branches of their Legislature, Gov-
ernor, judges, and organized the State government. No se-
rious objection need be made, in my judgment) to the asseni-
bla«e of the people m convention to form a constitution,
although it is the more regular and customary mode to pro-
ceed under the sanction of an act of Congress."
It is a notable fact, too, and I commend it to
the attention of the Republicans, who have heaped
such opprobrium upon a majority of the Supreme
Court for their opinion in the Dred Scott case,
(where the entire court held that they had juris-
diction,) that, in the case of Scott vs. Johnson,
the entire court, save Mr. Justice McLean, held
they had no jurisdiction, yet he, notwithstanding,
delivered his opinion on the merits without the
slightest suspicion from any quai tur upon his spot-
less escutcheon as a judge or a man. The case fur-
ther shows that an act of incorporation passed by
the Legislature of Michigan before its admission
into the Union was held valid by the court of last
resort in that State. It is urged, however, as a
valid objection against the Lecompton conven-
tion, that a large number of counties were unrep-
resented in consequence of the want of a registry;
and, therefore, that the convention was notafair
representative of the popular will. It has been
abundantly shown that these counties contained
but a small population, and many of them scarcely
a solitary vote. Some of them were attached to
i adjacent counties for civil and military purposes.
1 have already referred to the provisions of the
law making just provision for a full, free, and fair
expression of opinion in the convention. Why
were not its provisions carried out ? Why a fail-
ure to register in these unrepresented counties?
Let Governor Stanton give the reply:
" Tt is not my purpose to reply to your statement of facts ;
I cannot ilo so fiom any peisonal knowledge enabling me
either to admit or deny them. 1 may say, however, T have
heaid statements quite as authentic as your own, and in
some instances from member of your own party, (Repub-
licans,) to the effect that your political friends have very
geneially, indeed almost mnveisilly, refused io participate
m the pending proceedings for regjbtenng the names ot the
legal voters. Jn ^onie instances they have given fictitious
name**, and m numerous otheis they refused to give any
names at all. You cannot deny that your paity have herc-
toiore resolved not to take pait m the legislation, and it
appears to me that, without indulging ungenerous suspi-
cions of the integuiyof officers, yon might well attribute
any enors and omissions of the shenft's to the existence of
this well known and controlling lact."
It is here apparent that faction prevented the
registry, and that the people who were not rep-
resented did not desire and would not have voted
in the choice of representatives to this convention,
if the registry had been complete. Mr. Chairman,
if there had been any portion of the people of that
Territory who had felt themselves disfranchised
—who found themselves deprived of the right of
suffrage—can it be conceived that they would not
nave sought a corrcctive of such abuses at the
hands of the convention? Where are their peti-
tions setting out these grievances, and detailing
these wrongs? Where is the remonstrance of a
solitary county, that they had been denied a voice
in that convention ? Where is the demand for the
correction of the apportionment made by Gov-
ernor Stanton, with a full knowledge that there
had been no registry in the counties enumerated ?
Where is the complaint from a solitary being in
that ill-fated Territory that the convention was
illegally assembled, and asking the returns lo be
scrutinized? The convention was alone author-
ized to judge of the returns and qualifications of its
members. It had the power to apply the correc-
tive; and, in the absence of any appeal to its in-
terposition, we are justified in believing that no
portion of the people felt themselves aggrieved or
desired to vote for representatives. 11 will scarcely
be argued that this small body of recusant fac-
tionists, by refusing to be registered, and by pre-
venting, through force, a proper execution of the
registry law, could stop a popular movement hav-
ing for its object the establishment of a State $>u*-
