1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
them is tending to the same result. I maintain
that the gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, who are making1 war upon the South, are
seeking to establish the equality of the white and
negro races in this country 
Air. HOWARD. I hope the gentleman will
except mo.
Mr. CURTIS. We all wish to be excepted.
Mr. HUGHES. I would like to hear the opin-
ion of the gentleman from Iowa on that clause of
the Declaration of Independence which complains
that King George III. nad incited domestic insur-
rection in this country.
Mr. CURTIS. I approve of the whole of the
Declaration of Independence.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Chair-
man, there is a clause in the Constitution of the
United States, which provides that, when a slave
shall have escaped into another State, he shall be
given up. I understand the law passed, and re-
passed, if you please, requiring property of that
description to be delivered up. But, sir, neither
the law ijorthc constitutional provision on which
it is founded is regarded. I have heard gentle-
men contend that slave property was the creature
of local law, and that it does not exist outside of
that. Why, sir, this very provision in the Con-
stitution of the United States was intended to place
it outside and beyond that. The local authox-ities
of Pennsylvania, for instance, may pass a law
providing that when my horse escapes into that
State he shall not be delivered up to me, butgiven
to the finder; but they cannot constitutionally
pass a law which will prevent my slave from be-
ing delivered up. The restriction contained in the
Constitution of the United States comes to my aid
in such a case; and no local law can operate to
my prejudice, as is also reaffirmed by the author-
ity of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The same principle as to such property is estab-
lished by the British authorities, except in the
case of " Sommersett," decided by Lord Mans-
field, and has been by the English judges determ-
ined over and over again. Mansfield's decision
in the case of the ne^ro man " Sommersett" was
considei ed an exception to the current of the com-
mon law authorities by Judge Story himself. I
say* therefore, that slavery is recognized by the
law of nations; and it is considered a violation of
the international law, when the property of a cit-
izen of one government comes within the juris-
diction of another government, to deprive him of
that property without some special local law
against its introduction. To refuse to recognize
the same principle in the intercourse between the
States is not only an assault upon the South, but
it is a violation of the Constitution, and against
the settled law of the land. If there is no stop put
to it, we shall, in less than half a century, neces-
sarily become a nation of aggranans, which may
Heaven m lis infinite mercy prevent! If it should
turn out that we, as a people, arc destined to be-
come incapable of self-government; if it results
that, when our forefathers established a govern-
ment, layjng down distinctly rights that should
not be violated, those rights are to be cloven
down or spirited away by noisy clamor, then the
will and power of the stiongest must prevail, or
we shall be launched into a boundless sea, without
chart or compass. The South, m such a tempest,
will find terra jirnut as soon as theNorth.
Now, sir, 1 beg leave to refer very briefly to
what some of the States at the North have done;
which I may well commend to the grateful re-
membrance of those who now undertake to rep-
resent that section. Some of them, whilst they
have been very eager to place restrictions upon
the right of sovereignty in their neighbors, have
gone to sreat and extraordinary lengths in the ex-
ercise of what they claim as their o wn peculiar and
inalienable immunities.
The State of New York, by a law passed the
8th of April, 1801, seems to have declared war
tigaitistjiil strangers.' Whether they designed the
application to negroes alone, orto all, I am not able
to say; probably to the former. The saidlaw pro-
vides that if a stranger is entertained in thedwell-
ing-hou^e or out-house of any citizen for fifteen
days without giving notice to the overseers of the
poor, j;.' shall pay a fine of five dollars. If such
"oetu'tM'S aiv;\v fnny days, th«* justice
nv v compel .such sUanger to be conveyed from
constable to constable, until transported beyond
the State; and if such person returns, the justice
may direct him to be whipped by every constable
into whose hands he shall come; if a man, not ex-
ceeding thirty-nine lashes; and if a woman, not
over twenty-five lashes.
The State of Vermont, on the 10th March, 1797,
by a lav/, declared that every white citizen above
the age of eighteen and under forty-live, should be
enrolled. She seems by this to have excluded the
negro—whether to exempt him par excellence, or
discriminate against him as unworthy of citizen-
ship, scarcely admits of question. By another
act, passed November, 1801, her selectmen were
empowered to remove from the State any persons
who came there to reside; and if they returned
without permission they were to be whipped, not
exceeding ten stripes. I presume this must have
•been intended for the free negroes who were not
citizens; white people would not be apt to travel
that way, if they were included.
New Hampshire, by her act of 1808, provided
that every white male citizen of the age of six-
teen, and under forty, should be enrolled. I sup-
pose, by this, she hardly considered free negroes
as citizens. If regarded as citizens, it would ap-
pear unkind to deprive them of the same means
of aggression and defense as her white citizens.
Rhode Island, by one of her statutes, authorized
the town council to bind out to service, for two
years, any free negro or mulatto who kept a disor-
derly house. Another section of the same statute
prohibited all persons keeping house in any town
from entertaining any Indian, mulatto, or negro
servant or slave, under a severe penalty. Another
section declares that Indians, negroes, andjnulatto
servants or slaves, should not be absent at night
after nine o'clock; and if found violating this pro-
vision, any justice of the peace is required to cause
such servant or slave to be publicly whipped, by
the constable, ten stiipes. Another law of that
State declared that whosoever is suspected of trad-
ing with a servant or slave, and shall refuse to
purge himself by oath, shall be adjudged guilty,
and punished. No laws of the South, in regard
to slaves, arc equal in severity to this.
Connecticut, by a law passed in 179G, provides
that whatsoever negro, mulatto, or Indian ser-
vant, should befound wandering out of the bounds
of the place to which they belong, without a pass,
is to be taken up. By another section they are not
to tiavel without a pass; and every free person
shall be punished by fine for buying or receiving
anything from a free negro, mulatto, or Indian
servant, &c. By the constitution of this same
State, of the 15th September, 1818, m the second
section of the sixth article, it is provided that
every white male citizen of the United States shall
be an elector. Thus excluding negroes, mulattoes,
and Indians.
Massachusetts, by her law of the 6th March,
1783, prohibits negroes, with a few exceptions,
from remaining in the State for a longer time than
two months; and if found within the State after
ten days' notice, shall be whipped; and if still
refusing, whipped again, &c. She also, by her
act of the 15th June, 1795, provided that no person
authoiized to marry shall join in marriage any
white person with any negro, Indian, or mulatto,
under a heavy penalty, and the marriage is de-
clared a nullity.
In the original constitution of Ohio, by the
fourth article, none but white male inhabitants
had the right of suffrage.
The State of Indiana, shortly after her admis-
sion into the Union, passed a law declaring that
no negroes, mulattoes, or Indians shall be a wit-
ness, except in pleas of the State against negroes,
mulattoes, or Indians, or in civil cases where they
alone shall be parties.
In the District of Columbia, under the amended
act of incorporation passed the 15th of May, 1820,
it was declared that none but a free white male
citizen could be mayor or alderman, and power
was given to prescribe the terms upon which free
negroes and mulattoes may reside in the city.
By the twenty-third section of the bill of rights
of the proposed State of Kansas, free negroes shall
not be permitted to live in that State under any
circumstances. I do not suppose they mean by
this to kill any that m.iy be there, hut. 1 take it,
none aro m the State. I believe a similar provis-
ion is in the Topeka State constitution.
It will be perceived, from several of the fore-
going references, that the poor Indians are placed
. in the same category with the negroes and mu-
lattoes.* All the sympathy of the Abolitionists, it
seems, now-a-days, is exhausted upon the ne-
gro, to the utter and inexcusable neglect of the
Indian. From all cotemporaneous history, tra-
dition, or record, founded on constitutional or le-
gal provisions, does any man in his sober senses
believe that negroes, mulattoes, or Indians were
ever designed to be citizens of the States or Uni-
ted States, and on a perfect equality with the white
man? that our Government intended, for themt
equal rights and privileges?
In the beginning of the Government all the
States were slaveholding. The Constitution and
laws of the United States and of the several States
demonstrate that Indians, negroes, and mulattoes
have never been considered citizens. They have
been excluded from voting, from serving in the
militia, or from giving evidence against white
persons, North as well as South, East, and West.
If the Declaration of Independence was intended
to embrace them, why were they not, by our rev-
olutionary ancestors, freed from slavery, emanci-
pated, and disenthralled? The naturalization laws
of 1802 restrict all negroes from becoming nat-
uralized, else black republicans of Hayti might
come over and become a part of our body-politic.
I wonder if the Indians have not, upon natural
principles, a better right in Kansas than the emi-
grants from Massachusetts or Missouri?
I take it the Supreme Court of the United States,
in their recent decision in the Dred Scott case,
could not, without manifest disregard of all au-
thority, have decided that negroes were citizens
of the United States. They have only, judicially,
recognizedthe truth of history. The constitution
which was establishedat Topeka, and which has
been the bantling of our Black Republican friends,
has a provision that free negroes are not to come
into the State of Kansas.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the Topeka constitution con-
tains a clause excluding negroes from the State of
Kansas?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understand
that it has such a provision.*
Mr. BINGHAM. I have examined that in-
strument since this charge has been made, and be-
fore; and I say that it does not contain any such
provision.
Mr. HUGHES. Let me set this matter right.
The convention at the Big Spiings, which initiated
the Topeka movement, passed the following res-
olution:
"Resolved, That it is the opinion of tins convention that
the admission of free negroes, or mulattoes, into the Terri-
tory, or future State, of Kansas, will be pioductive of evil
among ttic people of Kansas, and dangerous to the institu-
tions of our sistei State ; and that we will oppose thoir ad-
mission into the Teiritory, or future State, of Kansas, now
and forever."
In pursuance of that resolution, the proposition
was submitted to a popular vote with the Topeka
constitution, as to whether the first Legislature
under that instrument should exclude free negroes
or not, and it was carried. But the provision is
not expressly in the Topeka constitution. Still,
the adoption of that constitution would have
brought into legal existence a State Legislature
bound to exclude free negroes.
Mr. BINGHAM. And it .never was.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUFFINTON. Mr. Chairman, a little
*Mr. Stewart refcis, as authority, to the speech ofJud^o
Douglas, to be lound in the Appendix to (Jon^te-Monal
Globe, fh.^t jo^ion Thnty-J'ouith Con<jie-3>, p.i~>'^ 3c<7-333,
where Jtu!?e Dougi-^s, commenting upon the memorial oi
constitution piesented by Geneial Cass to the Semite, and
known as the Topeka constitution, used the following lan-
guage :
" I nave kept my eye on the history of that document,
and the pioeeedin^coiinecied with if; awl u is welf known
to the countiy that theie was .t el.tu-e, adopted by a s?ep-
aiaio vote of the people, and made a purt of that consti-
tution, making if a duty of the Lesjislaturo never to pei-
mit negroes (tree or slave) toeritei the State ot Kar:«a«—a
provision siimlai to the one in the constitutions of Illinois
and Indiana, and some other State*, winch have been so
severely condemned and denounced bytho-=c who have be-
come the j-pecial champions of Kansas. Louk into the con-
stitution as they furnidi it, and a-s the Senator from Mich-
igan lias presented it hete. and you will find that eiause i^
suppi'issed. That impoitant. mateiial provision, is not to he
found .n the document which they buns h ;ie. I know,
iron) thu hi^tojy of the tiarnactioii, that if w.is voted m by
a m.ijO} ity of the persons w ho voted for tho adoption of ihe
Kan^u-. constitution. Ami mistaken? I a-k, wa< it M t
adopted at the same election at which the constitution of
tile pietended State of Kansas was adopted, as a part oi the
constitution :,s
