1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
offense. We wish to adopt the great principles
of morality and humanity towards other nations,
so that they may see that we are a just and an
honest people. If we are not, then our Govern-
ment is not fit to bo imitated. Therefore, I am
against the spread of free principles—against the
Americanization of Central America, in any other
way than by peaceful emigration. That is the
way which is proposed by the President of the
United States, and it is the only legitimate way.
It is the only way compatible with the neutrality
laws of the Government, founded upon the great
law of nations. I care not how many men may
emigrate to Central America and settle there, if
theyplease. Thegentlcman from Massachusetts,
who has talked so much about emigration, if he
pleases to emigrate there peacefully and quietly,
may go; though, from the specimen of a speech
which he gave us to-day, I should regret that we
would not have another opportunity to hear fur-
ther from him.
Mr. Chairman, it is a fortunate circumstance
that this discussion has arisen in regard to the
neutrality laws of this country. I had supposed,
at first, when this subject was introduced, that it
was premature. J thought it would have been
better to wait until the President had given us the
necessary information upon the subject, m answer
to the resolutions which the House has passed.
But, I do not think that it is premature to discuss
the neutrality laws, or to meet the great question
of raising these military expeditions to go out from
our midst and prey upon the lives and property
of our neighbors; 1 am as desirous as the gentle-
man from Mississippi, or any other gentleman,
can be, that these questions should be met, and
met soon; and that the voice of this Congress, and
the voice of this nation should be heard upon this
subject.
I re<rrcut?d very much to hear the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hasmn,J who spoke yes-
terday upon this subject, go, as it seemed to me
he did, a little too far m stating the opinions of
the northern Democracy m relation to Walkerand
his followers. That gentleman took the ground,
as I understood him, of opposition to all such pri-
vate enterprises. He was opposed to Walker
and his men going out in the way they did; but
he countenanced such expeditions upon the part
of the Government; in other words, he was op-
posed to petit larceny, but was in favor of grand
larceny. 1 hold in my hand his reported speech,
which lepresents him as uttering these sentiments.
Sir, if they are his sentiments, they are not the
sentiments of the Democracy of the Aorlh. They
are not the sentiments of the people of my dis-
trict, or of my State. We are an honest people.
We believe in morality and justice. We have
been brought up to be honest. We do not believe
in grand larceny any more than we do in petit
larceny, and I know my colleagues will concur
with me m the sentiments which I utter. We are
opposed to individuals taking the lives or prop-
erty of others, and we are opposed to the Gov-
ernment doing the same thing. I do not concur
with the gentleman in recommending the Gov-
ernment to follow the example of England. Eng-
land has not furnished us an example which, I
think, we should follow. She has not adhered
to the great law of nations. She has committed
depredations upon the rights ofotheis which have
disgraced her in the eyes of all nations, and ought
to disgrace her. I am not willing that this Gov-
ernment should copy the example of England, or
any example which is not in accordance with the
principles of right, justice, and humanity.
Mr. Chairman, I will not trouble the commit-
tee further. 1 have already extended my remarks
further than I intended. I feel a deep interest
in tins subject. It is an interest which every
American citizen ought to feel, and it is an in-
terest which is taken by the Government itself.
The President of the United States, in his mes-
sage, says:
" It if one of the first and highest duties of an independent
Stale, in it> lelauons ith the member* of the gio:it faanly
of nations, to lestiam as people fioin acts of lio-tile aggie-.-
sion against their citizens or subjects. The most eminent
writers on public law do not hesitate to denounce such hos-
tile acts as robbery and murder."
Those are the sentiments of the President.
They ore right sentiments, and 1 am willing to sus-
tain him m them. I believe that this House and
the whole country will sustain him. And when
this matter is reported back, as it will be, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, I hope that we
will have such laws passed as will define specifi-
cally the duties of American citizens, giving them
the rights which justly belong to them, and depri-
ving them of the pow er of committing the mischiefs
which, the President in his message says, are
great wrongs of robbery and murder.
KANSAS AFFAIRS*
Mr. WA SHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chairman-,
I have nothing to say at this time about the neu-
trality laws or William Walker. I shall speak
to-day of Kansas and the Lecompton constitu-
tion. On the 30th day of May, A. D. 1854, the
memorable act, entitled "An act to organize the
Territories of Nebraska and Kansas," was passed
by the Congress of the United States. Among
its provisions was the following:
"That the Constitution, and all laws of the. United States
winch are not locally inapplicable, j-hall have the same force
and effect within the said Temtoty of Kansas as elsewhere
within tiie United Btates; except the eighth section of the
act piepaiatoty to the adnn^ioti of Missouri into the Union,
appioved March sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty, which,
being inconsistent wuh the pnticiple of non-intervention
by Corigies-* with slavei.v in tin- States and Terutories, as
lecognized by the legislation of eighteen hundred and fifty,
commonly called the eoinpionn>e measures, is hereby de-
clared mopeiutive and void : it being the true intent and
meaning ot' this act not to legi-sfaie slavery into any Teiri-
tory or .State, noi to exclude it therefiom, but to leave the
people tiieicof peif^ctiy tree to ioim and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, t-ubjeet only to the
Constitution of the United States: ProviJeJ, That nothing
herein contained shulf be coiu'Uuedto levive or put in three
any law or regulation which may have existed puor to the
aetofsixth Muich, eighteen hundred and twenty, eirhei pio-
teeting,establishing, piohilnting, oi abolishing slaver)
The principle involved in this denial to Con-
gress of the power and duty, under the Constitu-.
Uon, to legislate in respect to slavery in the Ter-
ritories—to its inventor, (for it was a new thing
under the sun.) the present Secretary of State, if
not to the country, the direful spiing of unnum-
bered woes—was founded upon the assumption
that with the people of the Territories resided the
right to manage their own affairs, to regulate their
social, domestic, and local concerns in their own
way; and that this right had been practically con-
ceded to them in lefcience to all local and domes-
tic questions but one—that of sla\ery. Audit
was maintained that the intervention of Congress
in respect to this single question of slavery was
invidious, unjust, and unconstitutional,and ought
to be terminated by a solemn declaration and ab-
negation by Congress; so that, hereafter, in all
sections of the country, it should be distinctly
understood that the people of all the Territories
ore to be left <k to form and ivgulnto their domestic
institutions"—nil of them—" m their own way;"
that they should be as fiee to decide m reference
to slavery as any other of these questions, and be
governed by one and the same mlc concerning all
of them. To show that I have stated correctly the
grounds upon which tins provision of the Kansas-
Nebraska act was advoeo ted or defended by those
who voted for it, 1 will lead some brief extracts
from the speeches of leading Democrats, made in
Congress while this measure was pending before
that body; and I may properly commence with the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories in the {Senate, the Senator from Illinois.
Judge Douglas, repeating what he had said on a
previous occasion, spoke as follows:
The position that I have ever taken has been that this,
[the slavery question,] and all other questions lelatmg to
the domestic affair?? and domestic policy of the Teintoties,
oiiffhf to be left to the deciMOn of the people themselves,
and that we ought to be rontent with whatever wav they
would decide the question, becau^c they luue a much
deeper interest m tbe-.e matteir than we haw ; and know
much beHet what institutions suit thorn than we, who have
never been ihcic, can decide for them.'1
The Secretary of State, General Cass, then a
Senator from Michigan, exultingly hailed the
triumph of "squatter sovereignty," when the
Nebraska bill passed the Senate. He had previ-
ously made an elaborate speech in its favor, in
which he labored to prove that the people of the
Territories, as well as of the States, ought to be
permitted to determine for themselves in regard
to all their local institutions. He said:
<' We know wo cannot touch then domestic hearths, nor
their domestic altai <; theit family and social relations; their
wiveshortheirchildren ; their racn-scrvanlsnortheir maid-
servant>; their house-;, their ldrm>,nor then piopcrty, with-
out a  ross violation of the inalienable rights of man, con-
seel ated by the blood of our fathers, and hallowed by the
aileetions of their foiis."
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
it will be remembered, took an active and leading
part in engineering this bill through the House ot
Representatives. That you may uiuleisUtiil why
he desired it might become a law, I will re.ad a
short passage from a speech which he made in
this House on the 17th of February, 1834:
11 And where do you, calling yourselves Democrats from
the North, si and upon this great question ofpopular rights?
Do you consider it Demociatic to exercise the high preiog-
ative of stifling the voice of the adventurous pioneer, and
restricting his suffrage in a matter concerning his own inter-
est, happiness, and government, which he isnmchmore ca-
pable of deciding than you are ? As for myself and the friends
of the Nebraska bill, we think that our fellow-citizens who
go to the frontier, penetrate the wilderness, cut down the
fore&ts, till the soil, erect school-houses and churches, ex-
tend civilization, and lay the foundation of future States
and Empires, do not lose, by their changc of place in hope
of bettering their condition, either their capacity for self-
government, or their just rights to exercise it, conformably
to the Constitution of the United States.
11 Wc of the South are willing that they should exercise it
upon the subject o f the condition of the African race among
them, as well as upon other questions op domestic
folic y.
Such, sir, were the arguments and considera-
tions upon which the friends of the Nebraska bill
urged its adoption by Congress. There were, to
be sure, a few gentlemen in both Houses who
supported the measure on different grounds; who
repudiated and scouted the doctrine of popular
sovereignty as advocated by the gentlemen from
whose speeches I have quoted; but they were not
the active and efficient men upon whose efforts i,ts
success depended, although they may have been
the parties who compelled its introduction. And
I assert, without fear of contradiction from any
intelligent quarter, that the avowed purpose for
which the Nebraska bill, in the shape which it
finally assumed, was enrolled upon the statute-
book of the United States, was to assure to the
people of the Territories the right to make such
rules and regulations, laws and ordinances, af-
fecting their domestic interests and systems, of
whatever character, as they should see fit. Were
it necessary to fortify this allegation by additional
testimony to the same effect with that which I
have adduced, it could be found in more than
fifty speeches filling the columns of the Appendix
to the Congressional Grlobe for the first session of
the Thirty-Third Congress.
Such were th c reasons assigned for the enactment
of this law by its influential and efficient friends;
and to those of their number who, by their sub-
sequent action in attempting in good faith to se-
cure to the people the untrammeled exercise of
this right, prove that they were really actuated by
the motives which they professed, we may yield
our respect, while we must continue to lament that
they should have fallen into errors so grave and
so vital. The design of the section of the bill
which I have read was not, as the President would
imply, in giving the people of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska the power to vote on the
question of slavery, to deprive them of the oppor-
tunity to vote on other questions of domestic in-
terest; but that the right which it was assumed
they already possessed and had long enjoyed, to
acton these questions, should be extended to the
question of slavery. And from the premises of
the Senators and Representatives upon whose
labors the incorporation of this section into the
Kansas-Nebraska act in the main depended, an.
argument in its favor of very considerable plausi-
bility was founded; and the only argument that
had any influence in reconciling the northern De-
mocracy to the abrogation of the Missouri com-
promise.
Thus, I think, I have shown, thatJf the mem-
bers of Congress who voted for the Nebraska bill
knew what they were about, the President is very
much in error 111 asserting tlfat its provisions do
not contemplate the same submission to the people
of all questions of interest to them, that he says
is requiied in respect to the slavery question.
The opponents of this act denied that the PeO-
ple of the Territories possessed the absolute and
exclusive right of legislation in regard to their
domestic affairs. Tliey did not yield their assent
to the arguments to which I have referred, for
they did not understand that the people of the Ter-
ritories possessed my legislative powers as of
unconditional right. They believed that Congress
mi°"ht, if it saw proper, make all the laws ami reg-
ulations for the Territories of the United States,
so long as they should remain Territories. So
far as the question of constitutional pew«r to 1
