1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
less than two years ago, I had the honor to ad-
dress the House of Representatives upon the ap-
plication of the people of Kansas to be admitted
into the Union with a constitution which they
had formed* for themselves. That constitution
was unexceptionable in its character and general
provisions. It embodied the will of a large ma-
jority" of the people; and, had it been accepted by
Congress, and had Kansas been admitted as a
State, the then existing difficulties would have
been settled, and the subsequent scenes and events
which form the blackest stain upon our national
reputation would have been prevented. I advo-
cated, sincerely and earnestly, the admission, as
an act of justice to the people who asked respect-
fully and m a proper manner to be permitted to
join the Union, and also as a wise, just, and pol-
itic means of removing this exciting and danger-
ous question from the national councils. The
Administration party then in power opposed the
admission successfully; and daring the time that
.has since elapsed, Kansas has been the theater of
crime and disorder unparalleled in our history.
The arm of the Federal Government, which
should have shielded and protected the people in
the enjoyment of their rights, has sustained the
invasion of those rights, and has sustained the
minority in establishing its supremacy over the
majority, until the executive power, instead of
being respected and loved as a protector and
friend, is slighted and detested as an enemy and
an oppressor. Since the first session of the last
Congress an entire revolution has taken place.
Now there is an application that Kansas shall be
admitted as a State; but under how different cir-
cumstances 1 Instead of a constitution embody-
ing the will of the people, one is offered to which
five sixths of the people have expressed their op-
position. Instead of institutions which the peo-
ple have chosen and prefer, there are provisions
hi the organic law which they loathe and detest.
And this constitution, framed by a minority of a
convention authorized by a Legislature chosen by
a minority of the people, and adopted by a minor-
ity of one sixth of the legal voters, is attempted to
be forced upon an unwilling people by the Admin-
istration and its friends. The reasons which led
me to favor the adoption of the constitution pre-
sented to Congress two years ago compel me to
oppose the acceptance of that which is now pre-
sented to us. And I propose to submit, as briefly
as possible, the considerations which influence my
opposition to it.
The debate upon this question has taken so wide
a range, that almost all the issues between the two
sections of the country have been discussed, and
the extreme views on both sides have been pre-
sented to the House. I think that some of these
do not necessarily present themselves. The ques-
tion has enough of the elements of discord in itself,
and I regret that topics that do not necessarily
appertain to it should have been introduced. In
the conclusions which I have formed upon the
subject now legitimately before us, I have not
found it necessary to consider whether slavery is
or is not a just, moral, and humane institution.
It is not merely because slavery would be estab-
lished in Kansas by the Lecompton constitution,
that I oppose its admission as a State. There
are a sufficient number of other objections which
compel me to oppose it; objections which arise in
the incipient steps which were taken to organize
a government of the Territory, and which increase
in number and force from the first invasion of
the Missourians to overpower the actual residents,
down to the present time. Had a constitution
recognizing and authorizing slavery been legally
adopted by the people, and had they clearly and
unequivocally offered such a constitution,indorsed
by a majority, and demanded admission under it,
the question whether slavery would be a sufficient
objection to the admission of a State would be
fairly before us. Should a State ever ask to be
admitted into the Union with a pro-slavery con-
stitution while I am a member of Congress, I shall
then feel obliged to determine whether or not the
pro-slavery provisions would be a sufficient ob-
jection to the admission to require me to vote
against it.
While I say that there are enough other con-
siderations besides that of slavery which require
me to oppose the imposition of the Lecompton
constitution upon the people of Kansas, it is not t
because I wish to avoid a discussion of that ques- I
tion of slavery which has produced at different
times so great excitement in the country; and
which is now convulsing the people and attracting
the eyes 'of the whole civilized world upon us,
watching to see if our institutions can stand firm
against these violent political shocks. Could the
men who framed our Federal Constitution have
foreseen the extent of the danger which then lay
hidden under this question, they undoubtedly
would have provided for its settlement either by
giving Congress the power, clearly and unequivo-
cally, to control the establishment of slavery in the
Territories, or what is perhaps more probable con-
sidering the prevailing dissatisfaction with, and
hostility to, the institution existing both North
and South at that time, Congress itself would
have prohibited forever its extension in all Ter-
ritories, as it did in the Northwestern Territory.
No human foresight could then have apprehended
that slavery, which Virginia and North Carolina,
equally with Pennsylvania and Massachusetts,
denounced as a great evil, the gradual and entire
abolition of which had, as was supposed, been se-
cured by its prohibition in the Northwestern Ter-
ritory, and the prohibition of the importation of
slaves after the year 1808, could have grown into
such importance, and so absorbed all other ques-
tions as to threaten the continuance of the Union
which was then being consolidated. The causes
which have made the slaveholding interest one
of such magnitude, so dearly cherished by the
South, did not exist at the time of the formation
of the Constitution.
The subsequent discovery and development of
the immense agricultural rcsourccs of the South,
unknown at that time, offered the opportunity of
rapidly accumulating great wealth by the employ-
ment of slave labor in the cotton fields, and cupid-
ity and avarice at once operated, to convert what
till then had been thought an evil and a curse,
into a blessing, from which all moral and political
good flowed. While the sentiment of the South
underwent this change, perhaps naturally enough
considering the infirmities of human nature, the
North became more confident in its hostility to
slavery, and this speck upon the dawn of our
prosperity soon enlarged and became a black and
lowering cloud, bearing a tempest in its bosom,
threatening to overwhelm and destroy the fabric
which was yet scarcely established upon its foun-
dations. Timid apprehensions of the consequcn-
ces or still baser influences, have at different times
operated upon a portion of the North sufficiently
to avoid and delay a definitive settlement of the
question. Concessions of northern rights and
principles, falsely called compromises, have been
yielded to the clamorous demands of the South,
until the natural result has ensued of an attempt
at absolute domination, regardless of even the
forms ofjustice or fair proceeding. Had the North
been unanimous in its opposition to the so-called
Missouri compromise act, had there been no trai-
tors to the sentiment and interests of their con-
stituents, it is my belief that our history would
not have furnished the subsequent instances of
violentsectional strife which now tarnish its pages.
The question would never again have assumed
sufficient importance to have produced serious agi-
tation. The North then conceded all that the South
asked, and received in return some promises, to
be fulfilled in a distant future, for which fulfill-
ment there were no guarantees, except the good
faith and honor of the South.
Now, when the first occasion arises to test the
good faith of the South, how is it kept ? The Mis-
souri compromise, unjust as it was, had been uni-
versally acquiesced in for over thirty years; the
agitation on the slavery question had almost en-
tirely subsided, and the most friendly relation sand
feelings existed between the different sections,
when the South, with a few northern coopera-
tors, by organizing a territorial government when
none was there needed, and where, if there had
been, there was no demand for any unusual pro-
visions in its organization, wantonly threw afire-
brand to reillumine the flames of civil dissension
and revive the sectional bitterness which always
attends the agitation of the slavery question. The
solemn engagements of the South were disre-
garded. The faith which they had pledged, and
for which they had received a consideration, was
broken. Their honor, which they profess to re-
gard so highly, and which had been plighted that
if we would let them have Missouri they would
aslc for nothing more north of the line of 36° 30',
was violated. We ought not now to be surprised
that the consummation of the act is attempted by
the most odious frauds. In the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise were the "seeds and roots of
iniquity and shame." From this egg was hatched
all those subsequent atrocities which have culmi-
nated in an attempt to enforce upon Kansas a
tyranny as monstrous as any ever attempted by
a despotic government.
The North pronounced its judgment upon this
first act in the series, by consigning those of their
Representatives who had so basely betrayed them,
to a political grave. But specious arguments and
delusive pretenses were not wanting to appease
the indignation which was aroused. Squatter
sovereignty, the right of the people to regulate
their own domestic institutions, tickled the ears
and deluded the judgment of honest men at the
North. Assurances were loudly proclaimed and
often repeated throughout all the free States, from
the Penobscot to " Lower Egypt," that if the can-
didate of the Democratic party should be elected,
the whole influence of the Administration would
be used to secure to the people of Kansas the
rights guarantied to them by the Nebraska act.
The votes of thousands of honest Democrats were
obtained by these falsehoods, who would have
seen their hands wither before they would have
deposited a ballot for this Administration, could
they have foreseen that it would go beyond its
predecessor in its base prostration before the
shrine of slavery.
The pro-slavery party, having just broken their
faith and violated their solemn pledges, by the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, now offered
new pledges; and to relieve, if possible, the odium
which always attaches to an act of perfidy, pro-
posed a substitute, and plighted the public faith by
an act of Congress, assuring the people in terms
as clear as language can make them, that the in-
habitants of the Territories shall be left " to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way." And here begins the series of acts
always attended by fraud or violence; the direct
result of which, if Congress accepts the Lecomp-
ton constitution, will be to deprive the people" of
Kansas of the rights in the exercise of which the
Federal Government had solemnly assured them
they should he protected.
Contrary to expectation, however, the precon-
ceived plan of making Kansas a slave State was
not to be accomplished without a struggle. Emi-
grant aid societies were formed, and an "organ-
ized emigration" poured into the Territory a pop-
ulation who had the courage, the energy, and the
will, to contend with firmness and patience, by all
lawful means, against a desperate party which,
sustained by the whole influence and power of the
Federal Government, was striving to wrest the
Territory from freedom. The projectors of the
scheme to make Kansas a slave State were sorely
troubled by the success of this emigration, and,
in the bitterness of their rage, heaped opprobrious
epithets upon the emigrants—the late Executive
of the United States even descending to denounce
them in a special message. They were called fac-
tious, jmpudentintruders into a place where they
did not belong, and where they went only for a
special purpose, which interfered gravely with
the projects of certain political schemers. Sir,
what business was it of the President, or is it of
yours or mine, or any one else's, for what purpose
they went there, as long as that purpo^- was law-
ful? They weie a people who&e education and
whose moral and physical condition reflected
ciedit on the country fiom wlnVh they emigrated,
and gave Assurance of as useful, law-loving, and
law-abiding population, as ever formed a new
State, if they made any sacrifices in leaving
homes abounding with all the comforts of civili-
zation, to moke their abode in a wilderness, for
the sake of accomplishing what they believed to
be a great and good result, ail honor to them for
their devotion to freedom, and for their readiness
to encounter hardships and dangeis for the estab-
lishment of their principles, and the principles of
their revolutionary ancestors, in a new State.
They went to the Territory with their families
and household goods, intending to remain there,
to establish their homes there, to build up vil-
lages, and erect churches and school-houses and
mills, and rear up their children to be good arid
useful citizens. No new Territory has received
