1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ME
French spolis
Sift-
causes are clearly seen, then legislators and states-
men, will know where, and how, toapplyarem-
edy that will remove the disease; and until the
right remedy shall be applied, (and.that remedy is
the revision and amendment of you * tariff laws)
the decease may be tampered with, butcan not be
cured. Like causes, it is said, produce like effects,
under like circumstances. Now, we have seen the
country, once at least, in like circumstances as
those by which she is now surrounded; and we
then saw the most admirable and happy effects
produced by the passage of the tariff of 1845.
Why, then, would not a like remedy produce a
like effect at the present time ? Would it not be
the part of wisdom, at least, to try and see?
But, Mr. Chairman, I have no hope that any
remedy will be applied, or will be attempted to bo
applied, by the present Congress and by this Ad-
ministration. We must therefore be patient, and !
bear our sufferings as best wc may. ]
But, sir, as even the most unfortunate and de- !
pressed people have some consolation in their j
misery, so our people have theirs. In the first }
place, they have the consolation (which is a great S
one, indeed,) that they live under a Democratic \
•Administration, and if tkey have not their entire j
share of its blessings and benefits, they know that I
the people of Kansas have. In the next place, !
they have the consolation of knowing that another !
House of Representatives is soon to he elected; I
and m the third place, that Presidents are elected j
every four years, and that, in a little more than j
half that period, they will have the "glorious j
privilege^5 of voting foranother Chief Magistrate ,
of this Union, and of choosingone who may deem I
it his duty to endeavor to promote the welfare of j
the whole nation, and not confine himself to the j
'"searching operation "of distributing "the spoils j
of offi.ee" among his most noisy partisans. |
With such consolations as these they may live, !
not as those who are wholly deprived of hope—
1 that last comforter of the wretched.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to occupy a mo-
I ment's time just here, to state, in reply to so
much of the remark of the gentleman from Rhode
Island as referred to it, that the present Adminis-
tration had nothing to do with the revison of the
tariff in the last Congress. It was brought about
entirely by the manufacturing interests, and was
especially urged by the (I think) entire delegation
in Congress from the eastern States. There was
a plethora in the Treasury, and gentlemen engaged
in the manufacture of cotton and woolen goods
came and implored us who were here in theThirty-
Fourtli Congress, to advocate the revision of the
act of 1846, imposing duties upon imports, in
support of which I had always acted, and in favor
of which I spoke in the first canvass I ever made
as a candidate for a seat here. They said that the
only way by which they could enter into compe-
tition with Great Britain and other countries man-
ufacturing cotton and woolen goods, was to intro-
duce a large free list, especially urging that the
raw material should be admitted fiee of duty.
Now, while I am very willing to hear, and have |
listened with pleasure to, the remarks of the gen- i
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Durfee,] who ;
has given us a very intelligent and fair expression
of his opinion—governed, of course, by the inter-
ests which surround him—I am not willing to
stand here and hear this Administration deliber-
ately charged with what gentlemen consider of-
fenses with which it had no participation, and of
which it can enter the plea of not guilty, and be
sustained by the honest sentiment of the entire
country. I stand here as the friend of, the de-
voted friend of American labor, acknowledging
none more so; and will, in the exercise of my
judgment, and by my vote, act in the manner
which I deem most promotive of all the varied
interests of our Republic, whether they be man-
ufacturing, commercial, mechanical, agricultural,
or of any""other interests, demanding our consid-
eration, or needing our fostenng care. But I do
not believe, Mr. Chairman, that just at this time,
in view of the commercial revulsion which has
just swept over this broad land like a fire in the
prairies, and which has not been confined to the
United States, this Administration, the preceding
Administration, or, indeed, any other Adminis-
tration of the General Government, should be hald
responsible for the results flowing from it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the French spoliation question. This, sir,
is one of the subjects with which all are familiar,
or may be if there is a disposition to examine the
public documents relating to it. It has been dis-
cussed for more than half a century by men held
in high esteem by the people of the country; and
although its novelty is exhausted, its merits re-
main unimpaired. I shall not pretend to say any-
thing new upon this subject. There is no need
that I should attempt to do it. As it presents it-
self to my mind, the question is not one of ideas
or theories, but is based upon fixed and unalter-
able facts; and if we would be just in dealing with
it we must resort to research, and abandon spec-
ulation. Some months ago I presented a bill
which, in all particulars, agrees with that which
has been reported to the House; and although
this is not the occasion which I should have chosen,
I nevertheless avail myself of it to say what 1
think about the measure.
The pending bill does* not make provision for
the immediate payment of the spoliation claims;
but like that which passed the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, it proposes to provide for the payment of
$5,000,000 of the original amount at a future time.
It also provides for a board of commissioners,
who are to ascertain and allow such claims as
are susceptible of proof, and wirhin three years
to report a correct list of claimants, who are to
receive whatever may be allowed by a pro rata
adjustment, in United States five per cent, stocks,
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government.
This plan will obviate all objections based upon
the poor condition of the Treasury, and will sat-
isfy claimants beyond doubt. I regret that the
bill has been laid over until another session. Al-
though we here do not understand the postpone-
ment as an indication of opposition to the pass i^e
of the bill, yet the claimants are unable to regard
the action of the House in this particular as being
otherwise than to them unfavorable. A little time
will, I trust, restore their hopes of a speedy and
just disposal of the whole matter.
I do not believe, Mr. Chairman, that the real
merits of the spoliation question are so obscure
as to require any consideuible effort at argument
to establish them upon a just foundation. As I
regard thepresentcondition of the matter, a plain
statement of facts will prove the very best argu-
ment m favor of the acknowledgment and dis-
charge of the claims. This I propose to submit
briefly, but with every intention to be truthful, so
far as I proceed in the case. I shall, in the course
of my remarks, attempt to show that we made a
treaty with France on the 6th of February, 1778,
and that we did not live up to its provisions; and
although we did not act wholly without provoca-
tion, we did so disregard our treaty stipulations
as to furnish a pretext for France to authorize a
general seizure of American commerce; and that,
finally, in order to settle all difficulties, we sent
j envoys to meet those appointed on behalf o[
! France; and the mission resulted m establishing
| the claims of the respective Governments—on the
| part of France, her rights under the treaties of
! 1778; on the part of the United States, the claims
j of our citizens for indemnities growing out of the
l unlawful seizure of their property; and that the
| end of ail claims set up by either party was arrived
; at by the convention of 1800, or as soon as the
i two Governments had ratified it.
j I have, sir, taken some pains to examine pub-
j lie documents, and to read such reports and
j speeches upon the spoliation question, as would
! be likely to embody not only a truthful presenta-
j tion of the subject-matter, but as would also tend
! to enlighten minds desirous of receiving correct
j impressions m reference to it;_ and the result of
my examination is a firm conviction, first, as to
the justice of the claims against the United States
Government; and secondly, as to the great sim-
plicity which characterizes every well-disposed
effort to get at the truth. The gist of the story
could be told in a few words, but that will not do.
If I am to vote to appropriate a sum of money for
any purpose not in the ordinary line of legisla-
tion, I want to give a reason tor ic,and to strength-
en it by a statement of the facts which iiuluccd
my action m reference to the matter with which
1 am to deal. More than half a century has
elapsed since the United States Government, for
reasons which may appear to have been good and
sufficient, assumed the responsibility of claims
due from France to American citizens I say wc
assumed those claims, because,.as l read;,-i-find
that in consideration of important-advantages-
accruing to herself, our Government deliberately
cut off all practical recourse upon France by-rati-
fying the convention of 1800. I shall endeavor
to show that my opinion in this regard is founded
upon fair inferences, taking cognizance mainly of
documentary evidence. Gentlemen must bear in*
mind that the question whether or not citizens of
the United States were deprived of their property
by virtue of decrees issued by the French Gov.-
ernment, in time of peace, is not to be success-
fully disputed;that these decrees were based upon
the assumption that our Government had violated
the faith of her treaties with France, is, whether
just or unjust, fairly presumed to be the fact.
We are only to ascertain the extent of our lia-
bility, if we are liable at all, and to account in
some way for our presence as a party in the case.
If the two Governments had at any time recog-
nized a state of war as existing between them,
growing out of the unlawful seizure of American
vessels, or for other cause, or if we had become
one of the parties to a war with France solely on
account of her aggressions and spoliations upon
American commerce, I think it would be difficult
for our citizens to establish a claim against the
United States. If we were at war for cause, and
if we made a treaty of peace without first obtain-
ing satisfaction for that which induced the war,
it would amount to a defeat. If we obtained satis-
faction for our citizens for which we resorted to
hostile means, we arc liable, because the objectof
the war was to obtain this satisfaction, and we
only performed the duty of the Government on
behalf of the rights of the citizen. If no war ex-
isted, then we may be regarded as delinquent;
having failed to protect the citizen in his lawful
pursuits. But if no war existed, and we can show
that the United States Government actually bar-
tered away the claims of her citizens for a valua-
ble consideration, whatever it may have been;
then wc have fastened the liability to the citizen
upon the Government itself, and fully exonerated
France from evei y species of responsibility in the
case. Upon the basis of common sense and com-
mon justice, it appears to me, we can trace the
present liability to our own Government. If,
however, we are to consult upon points strictly
technical in their character, an argument against
the liability of the United States may be presented.
The circumstances attending the claims for in-
demnities date back to where the history of our
Government begins. We may claim their origin
as cotemporaneoua with our first essay at inter-
national treaty. "We find an apology and partial
justification for our long delay m the fact that we
have never fully and fairly denied the validity of
the claims, but have only awaited a convenient
opportunity to examine and discharge them with
due regard for the rights and interests of all par-
ties concerned. I think, sir, that the more we
attempt it, the more difficult it will be for us to
get nd of the impression that, when we were
weak, and needing assistance, wc sought and ob-
tained it, and when we became strong and at ease,
we resolved that we would no longer be bound
by the pledges made to the French Government,
in consideration of which her valuable services
[ weie rendered in our revolutionary struggle. We
i chose to be peremptory in dealing with our ally,
and, if necessary, to resort to hostile means in
order to rid ourselves of onerous and embarrass-
ing treaty stipulations. We prefeired the pres-
ent moment for the work, while Prance was dis-
tracted by her internal necessities, and, nearly
crushed by the hosts which were banded against
her. The liberty which we were enjoying at her
expense, to a great degree, we had secured; but
we* had not yet learned to confide in the stability
or sufficiency of our resources to maintain it. An
alliance of kings and emperors against the pop-
ular sentiment m France had its effect upon the
leaders in this country. We couM not, or, as it
seems, we did not, practically regard the moral
obligation which rested upon us. _We failed to
act upon the presumption that the trench people
had brought upon themselves great public distress
by their efforts in achieving the independence of
the United States. We desired to be prudent; We
were forced., at all hazards, to be resolute.
France was, p^'haps, to be reduced to a de-
pendency. It seemed almost impossible fcr her
to maintain her nationality, or to set up a stable
