282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
late for these inchoate political communities was
concerned, they never doubted that it was vested
in the Congress of the United States; and they
knew that this opinion had never been questioned,
from the foundation of the Government down to
1847; that it had been expressly affirmed and
acted upon by all the departments of the Govern-
ment—by all Presidents, Cabinets, and Con-
gresses—during a period of sixty years; and had
many times and often, and with great earnestness,
been propounded as the true doctrine, even by
those who were then laboring so zealously for its
overthrow; and particularly did they remember
that the Supreme Court of the United States, while
the great and guiding mind of Marshall presided
over its deliberations, had decided specifically,
in the leading case of the American and Ocean
Insurance Company vs. Canter, (1 Pet. s. 1],) that
Congress had full, plenary, and exclusive legis-
lative power over the Territories; and let me re-
mark that they will not overlook the fact now—
and to it I beg to call the particular attention of
the House—that this opinion has recently been
sustained by the same tribunal, in the most em-
phatic manner, m the celebrated case of Dred Scott
vs. Sanford, in which it is expressly stated that
Congress has general power to legislate for the
Territories. So that if there were no constitutional
inhibition in reference to the exclusion of slavery,
its legislation in the passage of the Missouri com-
promise would have been rightful and valid. The
Supreme Court agree with the Republicans in de-
nying the doctrine of popular sovereignty in the
Territories, as asserted by the ostensible authors
and most active promoters of the Nebraska act,
and in affirming the power of Congress to make
laws for the government of these incipient States,
in ail cases and for all purposes, except in so far
as it is restrained by the Constitution. That I do
not err in this statement, appears from the fol-
lowing extract from the opinion of Chief Justice
Taney, in the case of Scott rs. Sanford:
" It is thus clear from the whole opinion on this point,
that the court (m Insurance Company vs. Cuutei) di'i not
mean to decide whether the power (to govern the Territo-
ries) wasdmved from the clause in the Constitution, or was
the necessary consequence of the light to acquire. They do
decide that, the poujer in Congress is unquestionable, and in
this we enib ely concur, and nothingwill he found in this opin-
ion to the contrary. The power «tands firmly on the latter
alternative put by the Court—that i^, as ' the inevitable con-
sequence oj the right to acquire ten itory"
So much for the Nicholson letter! So much for
"squatter sovereignty !"
It will he seen that the court fully agree with
the Republicans in repudiating, root and branch,
length and breadth, the dogma of popular sover-
eignty; but differ from them in holding that the
Constitutionhasforbidden the interference of Co ti-
gress for the restriction of slavery. The Repub-
licans, maintaining the existence of this general
power in Congress, insist that it extends to all
proper subjects of legislation in the Territories
—the question of slavery included. And they
agree with Senator Douglas and General Cass,
that it has no more power over slavery than it
has over other questions of domestic policy and
interest.
Mr. Chairman, the position of the Republicans
is this: that the people who voluntarily remove to
our Territories, do «o with a full knowledge that
until the tune shall come for the admission of the
Territories as States, as provided by the Consti-
tution, they are liable to be governed by such laws
and regulations as may be provided for them by
Congress; and this liability arises, they hold, as
well from the expioss I m^u^e of the Constitu-
tion as fiom the direct asid unavoidable implica-
tion in which :t has been discovered by the Supreme
Court. t
And not only has tins view of the powers of
Congress been entertained by all branches of the
Government down to a recent period, including
the Supreme Court from the day of its organiza-
tion to the present, but ii has also been recognized
in this very case by the fncndsof popular sover-
eignty themselves; for they, and all of them, in
their votes on the Nebraska bill, which provided
for the organization of the Territories on such con-
ditions and with such powers as Congress saw fit
to incorporate and confer, denied to the people,
in the most direct and unequivocal manner, that
right of self-government whioh they had so loudly
vaunted. They hampered them by restrictions
wholly incompatible with the idea that they were
to be44 perfectly free" " to form their own institu-
tions in their own way," from one end of the bill
to the other; by provisions relating to the appoint-
ment of the executive, judicial, and ministerial
officers of the Territories, defining the scope of
the legislative powers of these communities, and
subjecting their enactments to the qualified veto
of an officer of the Federal Government; and by
recognizing an absolute necessity for congres-
sional intervention before any sort of a legal ter-
ritorial organization could take place. If the Ter-
ritories may be, and must be, called into existence
by Congress, Congress, the creator, may impose
such conditions and restrictions, under the Fed-
eral Constitution, as it may deem proper.
But the Republicans hold, that although the
legislative power resides, and of necessity must
reside, in Congress, it may be committed by the
latter, in whole, or in part, into the hands of the
people of the Territories; or,in other words, that
Congress may govern through the instrumentality
of territorial Legislatures, whose action being
subject to its approval or rejection, becomes, in
effect, the action of that body. They also believe
that it is wise and expedient to delegate to the peo-
ple of the Territories the power to make, or rather
to initiate, the Jaws and regulations in regard to
such matters, systems, and institutions as are
purely local, and alfect only themselves; but that
there are subjects, not of a merely local character,
which should be reserved for the exclusive legis-
lation of Congress. Of such was the question of
slavery, or no slavery, in Kansas; as it afiected,
not only the people of that Territory, but also of
all the States, the interest and welfare, the peace
and prosperity of all.
It was a question in which the people of Maine
and the people of Texas were interested. The
people of Maine believe that their interests are
affected unfavorably by any act which extends
slavery and enlarges its power in the country and
in Congress, gives to the Representatives of servile
labor increased power to protect and promote the
particular and special interests of those who live
upon such labor at the expense, and it may be to
the destruction, of free labor—of labor that owns
itself and claims the right to protect itself as vital
and sacred. And so they said to their Repre-
sentatives in 1820, aVid luxve said to them ever
since, while in ail matters affecting the people of
the Territories alone-, it will be well for you to
allow them to make their own laws, in those
which concern not only them, but us also, reserve
the power to yourselves and to us, whose agents
you are, that our rights may be preserved and our
interests protected. Grant not the power to the
enemies of our institutions—the Mormons for ex-
ample—to go on to our own territory, purchased
by our blood or treasure, or both, and there es-
tablish schemes and systems of wrong and im-
morality and violence, discreditable to the age,
and disgraceful to the country, and which, if not
checked will undermine the institutions of Chris-
tianity and civilization, which are at once the but-
ments and defenses of republican liberty.
Upon this point I rejoice to be able to bring to
my support the opinion of one of the wisest men
the Republichasever known,and whose authority
in a question of this character yields to that of no
other name. I refer to James Madison, from
whose writings 1 read thus:
" JJveiy addition the States tec eive In thru number of
slaves tend'-: to weaken and i ender i hem le>s cap ihle of ■self-
defence. In ease of hostilities with foieiyn n.Ui- they will
he the mean-! ot j-tvitmg attack m-tead of repelhuginvasion.
Tt is a ncccssai i/ duty of the General G )vcrnmcnt to ptorect
everv put of their confines a^ain f dangers as ucll internal
m cj-fei nal. Evei vthin^. theicroto, which tend-* to increase
danger, though it hi5 a local affair, yet, if it involves national
expense or becomes ot eonepin t) eveiv part ot the
Union, and is a proper Mibjeet for the confide: anon ofthor-e
ehanjed with thegeneial administration oftheGovernment.'''
Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, the repre-
sentatives from Maine, in both branches of the
National Legislature, with a single exception, op-
posed the passage of the Nebraska bill. Not only
were they persuaded that Congress had power to
pass the Missouri restriction, and that it was an
exercise of authority as wise as it was legitimate,
but they were impressed with the conviction that
solemn and peculiar obligations and guarantees
were attached to it which should have prevented
its violation. And they could each of them well
say with General Cass, in the speech which he
made in favor of its repeal:
u Thad no design whatever to take such a step, [to annul
the Missouri compromise,] and thus recuscitate from Its 
quietude a deed of conciliation which had done iU woik,
and done it well, and which was hallowed by patuotism,
by success, and by association with great names now tians-
ferrcd tohistoiy. It belonged to a past gcnei ation; and m
the midst of a political tempest, which appalled the wisest
and the firmest in the land, it had said to the waves of agita-
tion, 'Peace, be still;' and they became sun. It would
have been better, in my opinion, never to have d^tuibcd
its slumber, as all useful and practical objects could have
been obtained without it."
Further, they opposed the bill because they per-
ceived that although it was to be passed for the
alleged purpose of according to the people of the
Territory the right of self-government, this right
—so to call it—was, in fact, withheld and denied,
and because they saw clearly that the prime
movers (I will not say the skillful engineers) of
the bill neither desired nor intended to have this
dogma of popular sovereignty established. The
enemies of the bill saw that these men were, in a
very quiet and cautious manner, keeping them-
selves in position to deny and ridicule this doctrine
whenever, in the ripening of events, it should be
for their interest to do so; and that, in permitting
the bill to pass as it did, they only desired to re-
move a great practical obstruction to the spread of
slavery, with a view to the ultimate nationalizing
of the system, and making its security, protec-
tion, and prosperity, the one great, cential, na-
tional idea, in the policy and the politics of the
country; and they did not doubt that if these tnen
—those who, since the death of General Jackson,
had dictated the policy of the Democratic paity of
the nation—should be successful in the work then
in hand, they would labor with increased vigor
and confidence for the consummation of their ul-
terior purposes. And m this connection I hope
I may be permitted, as matter of history and in
confirmation, to soma extent, of what I have now
said, to read from a speech which I had the honor
to make in this House while the Nebraska bill
was pending before it:
" Well, sir, as I have said, the diama of non-intervention,
aftei this one performance, will be lemoved tiom the staire
forever. As we sometimes rend on the bills-, it isc positively
for one night only.' Wheehei it shall accomplish the abro-
gation of the Missouri compromise or not, it will have filled
its destiny. In the former ease, it will be thrown oveiboatd
by the South as a thing for which they never had any respect,
and now have no Anther use. Then wc shall beat thai rnc
time has come for the inculcation of the true doctrine: ' Ths
Noithis sufficiently weakened and humbled: the eountty
is leady for it; let it be pioclauned eveivwnere, that the
Constitution of the United States, proprio ngore, cariie.s
slavery wherever the flag of the Union flies.' * It carries it,
we shall be told, into the Territosies, and neither Congiess
nor the local Legislatures, nor both combined, can restrain
its march, for the Constitution is above both, is the supreme
law of the land. Ay, and carries it into all the States, for
neither State laws nor State constitutions can exclude the
enjoyment of a light guarantied by the Constitution of the
Federal Gavernment. This, sir, is the doctrine with winch
we shall he vigoioualy pressed it'this bill is earned. Aheadv
has it been more than hinted, and whoever has noticed tlio
advanced ground winch slavery occupies now, coinpated
with that on which it rested in 1850, will not be slow to be-
lieve it.
" I will here ask yom attention to the fact, which I meant
to have noticed betniv, thru Senator Hunter, ot Vugnna,
the gentleman from North Caiohna, [Mi. Ci.ing>ian,~J and
nearly all tout hem gentlemen who have spoken on this sub-
ject, and have in any niannot lecognized the doctime of
non-mteivention,are careful to limit the ugh! of the people
of the Teiritorics to legislate for themselves, bv the Consti-
tution of the United States; and that they hold that the Con-
stitution foibids all territorial legislation for the piohibmou
ot slavery.
" And in this connection let me rernaik, what you must
have observed, that in the debate which look place in the
Senate a few days aao on the liadger amendment, it was dis-
tinctly stated by southern Senators, that in the event of la-
tin e acquisitions of tcrritoiy, no implication was to be drawn
tiom this lull that the people of such territory should be al-
lowed to decide for themselves the questio ©f the admission
of slave) y.
<k fn view of these facts, northern gentlemen will perceivo
how tianscendently important it is for them to make, while
they ate vet able, a successful stand against the aggressions
of the slave power."
It required no extraordinary degree of fore-
sight to predict what would follow the repeal
of the Missouri compromise. The slaveholding
oligarchy might use popular sovereignty for a
special puipose; but for them, as a principle of
general application, it was not entirely safe. They
had discovered that their system of servile labor
was one which required continual bracing and
strengthening. It is m its nature,as all things false
and violent are, self-destructive. It must have
scope and room for expansion, or it dies; blasting
the earth wherever it treads, it must have " fresh
woods and pastures new," or it starves. It must
be protected from withoxH, and its defenses and
supports must be placed beyond the contingencies
of public opinion, and out of the reach of ordinary
