280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
and legal organization, the act of the Territorial
Legislature is a nullity, and had no more authority
to ascertain the will of thepeople on the Lecomp-
ton constitution than the Topekaites had to over-
throw the territorial government erected by Con-
gress. Away with such a revolutionary dogma,
which, if carried*out in practice, might overturn
all constitutional government. If gentlemen "will
not listen to me, I beseech them to hear, as from
the grave, the clear exposition of the brightest and
mightiest intellect of their own loved New Eng-
land. Hear Mr. Webster, in his great argument
before the Supreme Court in the case of Luther
vs. Borden, say:
" It is in certain legal and prescribed modes we are to
ascertain the will of the American people; and our Consti-
tution and laws know no-other mode. We are not to take
tbc will of the people from public meetings, nor from tu-
multuous assemblies, by which the timid are terrified, the
prudent are alarmed, and by which society is disturbed.
These are not American modes of signifying the will of the
people, and they never were. Is it not obvious enough, that
men cannot got together and countthemseivcs, and say they
are so many hundreds and so many thousands, and judge of
their own qualifications, and call themselves the people,
and set up a government? Why another set of men, forty
miles off, on the same day, with the same propriety, with
as good qualifications, and m as large numbeis, may meet
and set up anoihergovernment—one may meet at Newport^
and another at Chepachet, and both may call themselves the*
people. What is this but anarchy? What liberty is there
Ijere, but a tumultuary, tempestuous, violent, stormy, lib-
erty, a sort of South Ameiieaii liberty, without power ex-
cept in its spasms—a liberty supported by amis to-day,
crushed by arms to-morrow. Is that our liberty ?
"The regular action ol popular power on the other hand,
places upon public liberty the moat beautiful face that ever
adorned that angel form All is regular and harmonious m
its features, and genile in its operations. The stream of
public authority, under American libeity, running in this
ehanncJ, has the strength of the Missouri, while m waters
.ire as transparent as those ofa,crystal lake. It is powertul
for good. It produces no tumult, no violence, and no wiong ;
" {Though deep, yet clear; though gentle, yet not dull;
Strong without rage, without o'erllowuig, full.' "
What legal authority, I ask yon, Mr. Chairman,
had this ejection of the 4ih of January? What
guards and 'what qualifications ? If the regular and
legalized action of the people of Kansas in their
formation of their constitution, from the period of
their call for a convention to that of the Slat of De-
cember, is to he thus disregarded and trampled
underfoot,then anarchy riots over law. No, sir,
no ! I thank Grod wo have a firmer basis for Amer-
ican freedom. Our system finds its base m law,
not in anarchy. It preserves its equilibrium in le-
gal, constitutional, organized forms, rather than
in factious, tumultuous outpourings of the unre-
strained commotion, which makes and unmakes
in a breath, and ruthlessly overturns the harriers
which the people have orectcd as an intrench-
mcnt around their liberty and property !
We are told, Mr. Chairman, of the immense
frauds which were committed in the election of
delegates to the convention, and on the 21st of
cember as well as on the 4th of January. L have
no doubt, Mr. Chairman, that frauds were com-
mitted, and upon both sides. Hut why wan not
application made for their correction to the con-
vention? Why were not memorials presented to
that body, ana all the alleged frauds brought (o
light? Had the convention refused an investiga-
tion, then there might have been greater ground
for complaint. There can be no serious assault
made, Mr. Chairman, upon the vote of the '21st
ofDecember. Iftherchad been fraudulent voting,
still it could not have impaired the good votes cast
for the constitution, and there would still have
been a large majority. As to the alleged frauds
on the 4th of January, the returns have been given
to the frec-Statu men, which gives them a major-
ity in the Legislature. My word for it, Mr. Chair-
man, they will do full justice, and no poor Le-
comptonite will be allowed to remain as a member
of that body, around whom hangs the slightest
semblance of fraud. While upon this subject,
however, sir, 1 cannot resist the suggestion that
it is a somewhat remarkable fact that all the
events which occurred on the 4th of January, and
which are now urged most warmly as the chief
aiguments against the admission of Kansas, have
occurred since the bill was introduced, and since
the distinguished Senator from Illinois opened his
batteries against the Lecompton constitution on
the 9th of December. All the objections urged in
that speech seemed to be removed, and the great
obstacles now urired have all occurred since.
Mr. Chairman, we have been appealed to as
southern men, during this debate, with a zeal that
would indicate that we were about to engage in
the commission of a monstrous wrong; that we
were about to uphold a fraud, and thereby sully
our escutcheon, hitherto as spotless and bright
as our own southern sun. God forbid! The South
are against fraud and against oppression every-
where. What have the South to gain by the ad-
mission of Kansas? For what purpose should
she engage in such a contest ? Nothing but a
simple adherence to principle—an unflinching de-
mand for her constitutional rights as coequals
in the Confederacy, and that Kansas shall not be
refused admission because she has a pro-slavery
constitution. Free States have been brought in
over everything like regular, legal, organic action.
They have been brought in at every hazard. I
appeal to the few southern men who are acting
with the opponents of this measure to pause and
look at the outrages which were practiced by their
present allies upon the South when California was
brought in. Was there an enabling act there?
Was there no violation of popular sovereignty in
putting a constitution upon thirty thousand peo-
ple without their knowledge and without their
consent? Why, sir, what are the facts? Gen-
eral Riley, who was sent from this country as an
officer of the United States Army to protect the
Pacific coast, took the responsibility of issuing a
proclamation at Monterey, advising the people to
elect delegates on the 1st of August who should
assemble at Monterey on the 1st of September to
form a State government. The moment that proc-
lamation saw the light, it was denounced by a
portion of the people and acquiesced in by others.
The largest and most enthusiastic meeting ever
then held in California was held at San Francisco,
and after being addressed by Dr. Gwin, Mr. Gil-
bert, and others, repudiated that proclamation as
unauthorized and illegal. The election took place.
The apportionment of representatives was fixed
by General Riley upon an arbitrary basis, founded
upon a Mexican law which had been in force
while California was attached to Mexico; and
under such an arbitrary ratio, thirty-seven dele-
gates were authorized to be elected.
The qualification of suffrage t\pprars, also, to
have been arbitrarily determined upon by Gen-
eral Riley. He allowed the right of suflr.ige to
three classes of actual resident? over twenty-one
years of age, as follows: first, American citizens;
second, Mexicans, who had elected under the
treaty to become Americans; third, Mexicans who
had been forced to leave their country in conse-
quence of giving aid and succor to the American
urnhs during the recent war. The convention met
on 1st September, 1840, and some ten delegates
only appeared; whew, after a temporary organi-
zation, they adjourned over to the 3d of Septem-
ber. Upon reassembling, a communication was
received from Tl. W. Hallock,Secretary nf State,
and also an oificer of the United States Army,
giving the names of some thirty-seven delegates
elected to said convention, with the districts which
they represented. The convention was also in-
formed that in the town of Stockton, m San Joa-
quin district, the election had been held on the
16th, instead of the 1st August—the election day
appointed. The communication recommended
additional delegates, in consequencc of an increase
of the population since the proclamation was is-
sued, ami that m consequence of the absence of
many of the legal voters m the middle and south-
ern poition of tiie country, the number of votes
polled would form an imperfect criterion by which
tojudgo of the true relative population of the dif-
ferent districts.
The convention acted promptly on these sug-
gestions, adopted a new and somewhat arbitral y
apportionment, and increased the number of del-
egates to seventy-three—forty-eight of whom only
ever took their seats in the body. A constitution
was adopted, and the convention adjourned on
13th October, 1849. The constitution was sub-
mitted to the people on the 13th November, 184D,
for ratification; and out of an estimated popula-
tion ofsixty thousand, twelve thousandandsixty-
one were cast for the constitution, eight hundred
and eleven against it, and some fifteen hundred
hl.inks.
The convention, thus railed together in this
irregular, unprecedented, and extraordinary man-
ner, and without the semblance of law, proceeded
to include a territory of one hundred and fifty-
five thousand five hundred and fifty square miles,
or ninety-nine million five hundred and fifty-two
thousand square acres, without estimating the ad-
jacent islands. Sir, this constitution was extend-
ed over thirty thousand people who had had no
knowledge of the convention which framed it, and
who never saw it! I assert, without the fear of
contradiction, and appeal to the debates of the
California convention to sustain me, that this im-
mense boundary was included as a free State to
avoid the sectional agitation of the slavery ques-
tion, which is the perpetual apple of discord upon
this floor. Ay, sir, to spoliate the South and pre-
vent her from an enjoyment of that territory won
in part by her gallantry and blood. The iron
nerves of that gallant hero who, amid a hailstorm
of Mexican bullets, triumphantly bore our glori-
ous flag from Rcsaca to the bloody field of Buena
Vista, gave way before this hobgoblin of the
Wilmof proviso. Hear Mr. Sherman, (Debates
California convention, page 191:)
£i Tin chief argument which has been uiged in favor of
the extreme boundary has been, not as to the necessity, not
the convenience, not the benefit to be derived from it, but
the probability oi its parsing the Congiess of the United
States, and the authonty ofa gentleman (rom Congress that
if Mich a proposition he adopted it would pass." * *
* * u Ami when the president of this convention
stated this afternoon the expression of Mr. Thomas jhitler
King,1 for God's sake leave no territory in Califor-
nia io murute anon-*,' when he [Mr. Thomas Butler
Km:,'] spoke it, he did not speak the sentiments of the en
t n o Congress. The secret of it is this : that the Cabinet of
the Umted States have tourid themselves in difficulty on this
question; they are jn difhcuity about the Wilmot piovi^o ;
and Mi.Thomas Rutlei Km  (it-may be others) is sent here
for the purpose of influencing the people to establish a State
government, and to include the entire territory. Sir, it is
a political quarrel at home into winch they wish to drag
the new State of California."
Again he says:
'•'When thn pioposition comes before them, southern
me.mheis,those tiom slavehohhng St'He<, will see it t-mkes
tjom beneath their leet an enonnous tract of eouutivm
which they mav de-ore toinrinduce slaveiy heieaftcr. Add
to that the furthei aigument of the enoi mous, extensive ter-
i itory it includes, and then add to that the f mther aigument
tint a l.uge poition of that torn tor j has not been icpi evented
in tins body—that the feelings and wishes of the people am
j not known—and ( think you leave opengiound enough !or
j them to build an argument that will deleat your eon&titu-
I tion. It is true the boundary is enounous. No man hero
j wi-hes to include the whole of it." * * *
j Another iea^oij, and one u h:cli ought to appeal to us in
j strong teims heio, x the faet rhat the population m the
I noitheast poition of the teintoiyaie umeptoseuted heie.
Gentlemen say we could nor, leach thetn and have tetania
in six months We ate t<> acknowledge them as a potion
of the population of the tenrtoiy; wo include fiein within
our limits, and then say it h not out fault. Can they have
the gift of prophecy, that they can know, without some m-
r'oiinimon reaching them, that a convention k-> held heie,
and that they should have then delegation heie? t say,
sir, it its our lault; and when we are ?o in fault, we should
do them the justice to lea\e them out—to leave them free
to form a government foi themselves, if they think pi ope*.
It is an act of gio^s nuu>nce to force upon them the con-
stitution and limits you presenile here."
Let Mr. Botts speak. He says, (Debates, pnge
"■ We meet heie undei no express law; we meet with no
previous legislation ; we meet to produce oider out of chaos ;
wo meet here, ?n, under what h sometimes s.yled a proc-
] lamauon, and sometimes a suggestion, ot Oeneial Kiley.
■ Ho u one or the other, it is the b.i-c- of out action heie.
' Now, if you will retei to that document which has been
! adopted as a basis by the people from whom we came and
j wnom we leproeiu, jou will find this question settled for
us. You will find that tno districts oi Sacramento, San
j .loaquin, Sonoma, riati Fianei^co, Santa Barbara, Los An-
: ueles, Sari Diego—that these districts are the portions rep-
i resented heie, and have started to establish a government.
] Now, sn, L ask vou this question: is it possible that this
j people can establish a government for others than them-
! selves? Can they give u- the power that tliey themselves
j do not po.%-;ess? f would like to a k you, if this be ^o, in
l which of these districts lies the Salt Lake with thirtv thou-
j sand inhabitantsf Yes, sir, J am told there aie thirty thou-
| sand people oast of the fieri a Nevada which jou piopo-e
j to include in your limits: Are they m the district <>i Sono-
I ma, or Sacramento, or Monterej ? Thiny thousand fice-
i men uniepie^ented! Do you know by what vote ot my
constituents 1 sit on this tlooi ? I will tell you ; I iceoived
nmeij-si.xvotes. I, who am mode-tlyiequesled to legs-late
for tlnuv thousand people j never saw. am sent heie by
ninety-six votes. My colleague, who makes the proposition,
received twenty oi thittymore; and as for the remainder of
my colleagues, I believe they are worse off than I am."'
Let Dr. Gwin, the distinguished Senator from
the Pacific in the other end of the Capitol, speak.
Hear him:
Sit. no we not hr-re foicinc a government upon a por-
tion >.'1 the people of California, whe^c delegates have hy
