2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
and responsible Government amid the trials, in-
ternal and external, which beset her. We were
then an independent Republic, full of hope and
promise, and bearing the first blossom that was
to grow and ripen into perfect political and social
equality. To our hands was committed the prin-
ciple of self-government. Our great business was
to work out its practical demonstration, and no
people could equal ours in the enthusiasm with
which they hailed the occasion and husbanded the
trust. But we were bound by a treaty of all iance
with France which would be troublesome in all :
future time. So it appeared when we were asked !
to comply with its provisions. We hesitated, and ■
read the articles of compact to see if there was a j
just way of escape, and we found no such way; ;
and finally we resorted to a violent interpietation j
of the provisions of the tieaty, to be varied ac- ;
cording to our daily necessities, aided by the law :
of hcense, as acknowledged in matters diplomatic, j
This, I infer from an examination of the facts in j
the case, and upon reflection afterwards, and I do i
not for a moment intend to traduce the Govern- 1
ment under which I live. It is necessary to my j
purpose that I should be just, according to my |
own convictions, and I shall, in my remarks, deal ,
principally with reference to our own moral, polit- ;
ical, and pecuniary obligations and responsibili- 1
ties,as the record seems to me to affect them. I
shall not pretend to explain the action of our Gov- ■,
ernment in reftrence to her treaties with France. Ij
There appears to me to be but one hypothesis ap- j
piicabie to the case, and that will suggest itself to '!
curious people. I repeat, sir, that it is my inter.- ||
tion to trace, as briefly as possible, these spolia- |j
tion claims from their origin to the time when the
French Governmentformally released the United j|
States from her treaty engagements; and J shall
endeavor to force the conviction upon the mind J
of every just man, that Franco did this on condi- ,i
tion that she should not bo called upon to pay
American citizens for the amount of property ,
which had been unlawfully taken from them under ,
the sanction of her Government, and in violation .
of the law of nations. !
Immediately after the inauguration of our war j
of independence, we sent an- envoy to Parts, to
ask of the French Government aid and coopera- i
tion in our cause. We afterwards sent other en- |
voys, fully empowered to negotiate a treaty of al- j
liance, and of amity, and commerce. Our envoys ;
labored with untiring zeal and earnestness to en- j
gage France in the war against Kn^lnnd. No :
motive was leftunaddrossed; no sk ill in diplomacy
was lost sight of; no promise of good faith could
have been more earnestly made, than was made
by our envoys. In the memorial to Count De
Vergennes, dated 5th January, 1777, our envoys
say:
"The courts of France and Spain may rely with the
fullest confidence that whatever stipulations arc made hy
us, in -cftsc of gi anting such aid, will be i.ilified and punctu-
ally fulfilled by Congress, who are determined to found their
future character upon justice, fidelity," &c.
We concluded our several treaties upon the
basis of good faith, in 1778. By the provisions
of these treaties, we bound the United States to the
performance of certain acts which we could not,
or did not, finally perform. By the eleventh ar-
ticle of the treaty of alliance, we guarantied pro-
tection to the French islands. This guarantee was
clearly, firmly made, and we had received the con-
sidcrationfor itin the services rendered by France,
in the shape of men and guns, money, ships, and
generous sympathy and determined zeal in sup-
port of our cause; all of which were furnished
upon the good faith of the Government. We also,
by virtue of the twenty-second articic of the treaty
of commerce, agreed to grant to the French Gov-
ernment the exclusive use of our ports for her
ships of war, privateers, and prizes, forever. This
provision of the treaty was of great practical ad-
vantage to France; it afforded her not only poits
of refuge, but a market for her prizes, and a
place at which to refit and equip her ships; and
hy the treaty, these rights were to belong to
France exclusively. We had, in our treaty of
1778, stipulated for mutual aid and effort in the
war which France helped to bring upon herself
by her treaty of alliance with us. If any gentle-
man doubts the prudence or the propriety of our
making such concessions as we did make in the
treaties of alliance and commerce, let him look
at our necessities, and he will find an explanation
satisfactory, I think. If he demurlflet him re-
member that all our vast territory, all our desired
liberty and independence, were subject to the
chances of an unfavorable termination of our most
unequal war with Great Britain. With a Gov-
ernment not tested; without money or means,
which were necessary to a successful prosecution
of the war, we availed ourselves of the support
of an old, organized, rich, and powerful Govern-
ment; and for this we agreed to pay dearly, per-
haps, but whether too dearly or not, I have no
desire now to consider; certainly we assumed ob- ij
ligations which we were as desirous afterwards to ^
cancel as we were formerly to obtain the services ,
in consideration of which these obligations were ■
assumed. We know that by the letter of the trea-
ties ofl778, these stipulations were made perpet- j
ual, and the French Government set up the re- j
markable claim that even war itself could not
destroy their force. i
It is not important that I should go into the de- j
tails of the several compacts made between the ;
United States and France in elucidation of any i
purpose which I now have in view. It is enough I
to know, in this connection, that the stipulations 1
to which I have alluded were in full force and ef- j
feet upon the commencement of the war of the
French ievolution; and, as was pretended, for the j
crime of beheading hor King, all Europe joined
in the lead of Great Britian in n war of subjuga-
tion against the French people. For ail that we
know, the spirit of " resentment" was at work
against France for the part she took in our war
of independence. At least we had an opportu- ,
nuy to keep faith with our ally, if we desired or I
intended to do it. The paities conducting the '
war against France were governed by extiaordi- j
nai y motives. A refusal on the part of the masses j
in France to recognize regal authority was re- ;
garded as sufficient provocation for the acts of i
oppression which were heaped upon them. The j
greatest want prevailed t!i!ou';hout the French !
dominions; and this disaster was augmented by j
the course winch we allowed affairs to take. |
England, within the space of a few months, had |
formed twenty-three separate treaties with neigh- \
boring Powers. The several parties to these trea- :
ties stipulated that all their ports should be shut j
against French ships, mid agreed not to permit j
the exportation, in any case, of military oi naval j
stores, corn or gram, salt, or provisions of any j
description, and to do ali m their power to crush ,
the commerce of France. England boldly led this j
coalition, and declared against all neutrals; thus ,
coercing the weaker Governments to take ground j
against France. I would like to read an extract ;
winch seems to afford a fair expression of the j
state of feeling towards France, as well as an i
indication of the plan of the alliance. These in- I
structions are given by Russia to Admiral Tohi-
thakoff, in conformity with her treaty with Eng-
land, of March, 1793:
" Wo have ordeied a fleet of twenty-five bail of t'v line,
and fugntes to he equipped lor four mouths and put undei
your command. The pinieipal dutyo; out naval aima-
ment coiiMat^ in what follows. We aie bound. jumimIm:* to
our stipulation* with his M:ije*ty, the Kmgof <2ieat Hiiuuri,
to endeavoi to prevent those French who aiin lehelljon,
from receiving any supplies of winch they may be in ncftl.
The hostile meaauiea employed against tin m ai o not s-ti >ctly
confoimablo to the nutuial laws of was when it nnfotiu-
nately takes place between nations under lawful govern-
ments; but as* ihose measures ate taUeu aszamst those at rant
villains who have overturned all duties ob-'orved towaids
God, the laws, and the Government; who have even gone
so far as to take the life of then own Soveieisjn—the means
of punishing those villains ought, in juMicu, to Ik; employed
in pueh a manner as to accelerate and insuie -sueee^ in so
salutary an affair. We have made lepieseritations to the
(Joints of Sweden and Denmark; wherefore we have de-
clared to them that we cannot see, with indifference, pio-
vi*ions or stores sent to Fiance which serve to nouriMi the
lelxds. Bv tins, you clearly ^ee our will and intentions;
and we ordei you to seize all Uio^e French \ e^els you m iv
meet with, anil to send buck to then own poits all neutial
vessels bound to France."
While our Government insisted upon her neu-
trality, France was pressed to urge her elamis
under existing treaties. We refused to respond,
and finally openly disavowed all obligation under
them. The abrogation of these treaties was a
work of necessity, perhaps. Certainly, it was
one of vast importance to the United States. But
this simple assumption of fact wiil not obliterate
the moral aspect of the question, although it may
appear to justify our action in the case. The lib-
erty which we were enjoying did not come oi'gtace
without works; and whether we p<nd much or little
as a consideration for it, we earnestly begged the
cooperation of Fiance, and her acquiesence was
dictated by uncommon benevolence and sympa-
thy; and it may. be that the lesson of liberty, which
France learned in our war, cost the life of her King.
In furtherance of the efforts to establish the inde-
pendence of the United States, the French Gov-
ernment expended §250,000,000, as computed by
M r. Jefferson, wh ile the war cost the United States
but $140,000,000. (See Jefferson's Works, vol.
1, pages 57 and 412.) This was in money, and
did not include the loss of property, and couid not
include the great loss of life consequent upon war-
like adventure. The guarantee cost the French
Government something, it seems; and she had a
right to demand the fulfillment of our part of the
ajfieemeut, or its full equivalent. Mr. Jefferson
thought so. In a letter to Mr. Madison, dated
April 3, 1794, he says:
•'•A*, to tho guarantee of the Fiench island?,whatever doubts
mavbe entei tamed ot the moment at which we ouirht toin-
teipo>e. yet I have no doubt bill that we ought to mteipose
at a piop*"i time, and deolaie both to England and Fiance,
that the?e islands are to rest with Fiance, and time we will
make a common cause with the latrei foi that object."
Here seems to be good and reliable authority.
Mr. Jefferson had no doubt that we ought to in-
■ terpose; but did not know precisely when, tl
would appear to a candid mind at this day, that
I the moment to interfere was just at the moment
j that there seemed to be the least necessity for in-
i terference. But the fact is, we did not interfere
1 at all; and could not, as we regarded the matter.
We did not even remonstrate when Great Britain
was about to capture those islands; and*the only
explanation, of course, is, that if we attempted to
i execute the guarantee, the effect would be to trans-
| fer the seat of .our difficulties from France to Eng-
! land with her allies; and, on the other hand, if wo
; refused to execute it, we were guilty of a breach
1 of faith to France, involving great responsibili-
! ties, and possibly a war. But, in truth, France
- was not in a condition to go to war with us; and ^
! wethoughtso,and thatcircumstancealonesecured J
' us from the calamity. Our Government realized {
! the endless obligations and dangers of the guar-
: an tee; and that France, in her future wars would,
, under the old treaty stipulations, leave to us the
i duty of protecting her islands, and to ledeem
i them, when captured by her enemies, as often as
; it might be necessary to do so. The present and
j eventual dangers of this guarantee must have been
' clearly seen by our Government; and to get, rid of
1 it was its first and most important business. The
! safety of the country imperatively demanded it;
j and, by the law of self-preservation, a breach of
1 faith may be pardonable in such an emergency,
] if it be followed by a pecuniary indemnity satis-
j factory to the injured party. Such, no doubt, was
! t lie decision of our Government; its first duty being
: to save the country from impending disaster. The
ij puiity of the motives and far-seeing judgment of
|j the Executive can never be questioned. Thepres-
jj out prosperous condition of our people is proof of
that; and, although we broke our faith with France,
! the result was intended to be, and has proved, a
!' real blessing to the United States. But it is not
jl surprising that bitterness should How from our
ij refusal to maintain the guarantee. .
jl And, as we had been induced to falter in our
action in reference to protecting the islands, so wo
were forced, as matters proceeded, to qualify, and,
finally, absolutely to abandon our stipulations in
reference to the ports.
Mr. Pickering, Secretary of State, in his report
to the President, July 15, 179G, says:
11 Mr. Adet asks whether the President has caused order??
to bo given to prevent the sale ofpuzes conduced into the
poit? of the United States, by vessels of the Republic, or
puvafeei-i aimed under it? autbonty ? On tins, I have the
honor to m!oim vou, That the rwentv-fouith artiele of the
iiniMi treaty having explicitly foi bidden the aiming of pu-
v.iten^, and the bClhngof their puzes m the poit- of the
j [Imted States, theSeeietaiy of the Tieasnry prepared. asa
I mattei of course, circular ictteis to the colleetois, to con-
' term to the reductions contained m thataiucle, ai the law
, of the land. This wns the more rteccssariu as formerly ths
| collectms hud been witructeJ to admit to an entiy and sale
' the pi izei h ought into our port5."
' France had given us some pretext for the course
i we pursued, by allowing occasional captures of
' American vessels on the ground of her great ne-
cessities, besides assuming as an excuse that the
! similarity of appearance, and the identity of lan-
j gua e rendered it impossible to distinguish oar
! ships from those of England. On the 24th of
! March, 1793, Mr. Morris, our Minister to France,
