1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
their recorded voto^ stated th^ fact that their constituents
aie urianunou^lv aaain-t a State Government* and in favor
or ateintoual organization? Do you not expect and le-
qunethey nhall au.-tani this Government, andbeeoinoa part
of it? ff not, let u's lequire their delegates to letire (mm
thiN c< '.vention, applvto Congress for a territorial govern-
ment, and exclude tnem rrotn the State boundary. Genfe-
iiir>n aft'eet to behove that iu taking a lar^e extent of tcrn-
Joiy not repif'sented in.re, andhom which no opposition to
uuiaffi-Mi ha^ become known to u^, we are doing a great
act of injustice to mat people, when, at the .-aim: moment,
we have the. dtufct protkst against a State government
of a portion of the teintory heie represented."
Mr. Chairman, I mis^ht go on and multiply
extracts from those California debates, to show
the irregularities and wrongs upon popular rights
there perpetrated. Yes,sir,thisimmense boundary
was included, by political legerdemain, and a gov-
ernment put over thousands who had never heard
of this convention, merely to bring in this im-
mense area offrecdom,and shut it out from south-
ern men. Sir, in the very early stages of the con-
vention, eight out of thirty-six delegates voted
and protested against a State government. Mr.-
Carillo said, (Debates, page 22:)
' " Tie ^presented one of the most respectable communi-
ties in California, and he did not, believe it to be to the in-
threat of his constituents that a iSfatc government should
be formed. At the same time, as agie.at m.ijoiuy of this
convention appealed to be in favor of a State government,
lie pioposed that the countiy be divided by lunning a line
we*t from San Luis Obispo, so that all north of that line
might have a State government, and all south thereof a tor-
sional government. lie and hid colleagues weie under
liistiuetions to vote for a tcmtoual government."
Yet, Mr. Chairman, California was brought in
as a free State. Where then was the great so-
licitude for popular sovereignty of winch we have
heard so much in this debate ? Why slept the
ire of the opponents of Kansns, who then went
for a free State under such irregularities and out-
rages ? In vain did the South protest ugamst so
gross an injustice to her rights. California was
brought in.
But gentlemen say that the constitution of
California was submitted and ratified by the peo-
ple. flow ratified? It icceived some twelve thou-
sand out of sixty-odd thousand votes* half of
whom had never heard of the proclamation of
General Ililey, the convention, or the constitu-
tion ! Yet gentlemen can take California, but re-
ject Kansas because a few hundred people were
not registered and represented in the Kansas con-
vention; and when that failure was attributable,
as has been abundantly shown, to faction. They
can see California brought in over law, order, reg-
ularity, or precedent, with immense boundaries,
included for the purpose of excluding slavery,
and perpetuating the power of the North; and yet,
when Kansas asks for admission, southern men
who rejoiced over the admission of California are
horrified at the want of an enabling act for Kan-
sas, and at certain frauds alleged to have been
comrniued at their elections iu that Territory.
Mr. Chairman, no man entertains a higher per-
sonal regard than i do for the distinguished gen-
tleman [Mr. Crittenden] who in part represents
the sovereignty of Kentucky in the other wing of
this Capitol. He has been the recipient, for many
long years, of the most distinguished honors which
his native State could bestow, and his name prom-
inently appears on the brightest pages of her his-
tory. Sir, that Senator is my personal friend. I
heard him the other day, " more in sorrow than
in anger,"announce his purpose of ranging him-
self on this question with the anti-slavery hosts
in this mighty hour of trial, when Kentucky and
her southern sisters lie bound and helpless—their
sovereignty and equality about to be crushed un-
der the insatiate Juggernaut of abolitionism. Sir,
thcJt distinguished Senator was in the Cabinet of
General Taylor, when the mighty injustice was
done of dedicating the whole Pacific coast to free-
dom, in direct contravention of the rights of a large
portion of the people of Qahfornia, and undcra pro-
test from many of them against so gross a wrong!
He was then for compromise. He rejoiced with
Ins native State that patriotic counsels ruled the
hour, and that the efforts of the great Commoner,
backed by patriots from every section, had been
pucccspful m withdrawing from Congress the
question of slavery, by leaving that question to be
determined by the people themselves-,and thereby
becoming a second thne prominent m pieserving
the bonds of our Union.
Bat now, when Kansas comcs with a republi-
can constitution, regularly ordained, through all
the regular forms of law, because there is the sem-
blance of slavery upon her brow, her request for
admission is met with the slogan cry from the
Republican ranks, " no more slave States." When
the Senate Chamber is made to ring with the
haughty and defiant notes of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] that the controversy
can "only be settled by the simple and direct ad-
mission of three new States as free States, with-
out qualification, condition, reservation, or com-^
promise, and by the abandonment of all further
attempts to extend slavery under the Federal Con-
stitution ;" and ere- the sound of these threatenings
has died away, our Kentucky Senator deemed
it proper to announce his regret at the repeal of
the Missouri line—which he had looked on always
as a measure of peace—and that he must still be
allowed to entertain the opinion that it was con-
stitutional, in despite of the decision of the Su-
preme Court against its validity.
Sir, the personal honor and high bearing of that
distinguished Senator is above and beyond as-
sault. Far bo it from me tosayanytj,ungunkmd,
or to impugn in the slightest degree the honest dic-
tates of Ins judgment. He w«Il pardon me, how-
ever, for asserting, on this floor, that these senti-
ments of his will find, in myjudgment, no response
in the hearts of a large majority of the people of
Kentucky. Kentucky has played a prominent
part in all the compromises which promised peace
to the country and stability to the Union. The
South has always adhered in p,ood faith to eveiy
compromise. Lt was the North that has repudi-
ated them. They refused to accede to the exten-
sion of the Missouri line to our Pacific posses-
sions, and northern men have boasted that it was
a^.unst the sentiment of the North that the Mis-
souri line was ever adopted. A different principle
was adopted by the compromise measures of 1850,
which was itself a quasi repeal of the Missouri
line; and when that principle came to be applied
practically to Kansas, the North,for the first time,
showed its respect for the Missouri restriction.
We are now tauntingly told that slavery must
find no foothold in any territory of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, no peans need be sung in behalf
ofKentucky'sdevotion to the Union. From prin-
ciple and from interest, she will cling to it as the
noblest achievement for civil and religions liberty
the world has ever seen. That Commonwealth
knows no standard for the measurement of us
value. But, sir, with the doctrines now advanced,
the time for compromises of the Constitution have
passed. Kentucky looks alone to the Constitu-
tion for safety. The day has already arrived
when, behind its bulwarks, the true friends of the
Union can intrench themselves for safety. Ken-
tucky proves her devotion to the Union by the
unanimity with which a large majority of her
people, of all parties, are standing by the gallant
Chief Magistrate of this nation, in his earnest and
patriotic desires to preserve the guarantees of that
Constitution by bringing Kansas in. Kentucky
abhors sectionalism, and greets all with fellow-
ship, from any portion of the Confederacy, who
are willing to stand by the bond of that Union,
and perform its requirements. She desires sla-
very to be forced upon nobody; but when a State
presents herself with a requisite population, and
a republican, though pro-slavery constitution,
asking for admission; when patriots from the
North and West arc facing the slot ms of an angry
fanaticism, bleeding at every pore, and .periling
their political existence in supporting the Prcsi- j
dent in his noble efforts to extend to it a guar- |
antied right of admission, Kentucky insists that j
Kansas shall not be excluded upon flimsy pre-
texts, which have been disregarded over and over
again, in the admission of free States.
Let not such a precedent be added to the pow-
erful majority now held by the North. Do not
permit fanaticism to justify itself, in its destructive
warfare upon the Constitution, by citing this ex-
ample, in support of further and still more alarm-
ing aggressions. Let Kansas be admitted. Lo-
calize tins excitement by permitting the people of
that Territory to settle these difficulties for theme
selves. Disarm the jealousy of our southern
bicthren, who have proclaimed that the rejection
of Kansas would alibi d cause for a separation
from the Union; and, by such united patriotic
action, nerve the arms, and encourage the hearts,
of that national organization of patriots of every
party in every portion of the Union, upon whose
strength and continuance rest tbe hopes of thirty
million freemen.
Why keep open this strife > Why, by a refusal
to settle this question, shall we affoid to the ene-
mies of the Democratic organization the weapons
with which to weaken, if not destroy its nation-
ality? If the majority in Kansas be as large as
it is claimed, they will readily apply the corrective
to all the alleged grievances. The period at which
they have a right to change their government is
a judicial question, with which Congress has no
right to interfere. No free people yet, with a Le-
gislative majority in accordance with the popu-
lar will, have ever yet failed to make the govern-
ment represent that opinion. If wrongs have
been committed, let the remedy be applied at the
proper place, in the proper time, and by the proper
parties. I deny to Congress any such power of
interference in the affairs of a State. Admit Kan-
sas, and the corrective for every injury wiU soon
follow.
Mr. Chairman, the bitter strife which has re-
sounded through this Hall for the past three
months, betokens nothing of good to the perpetu-
ity of free Government. For what purpose, and
to what end, are these criminations and recrimina-
tions between representative brethren from the
several sections of a great, glorious, and happy
country? Their continued repetition must tend to
weaken, rather than unite, the bonds of our holy
fellowship. I was surprised to see in the printed
speech of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Morris,] a total perversion of the position of
the distinguished Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] on the power of the people of Kansas to
change their constitution. I will not believe that
this perversion was intentional; still, the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is scattered
broadcast through the length and breadth of the
land, with an utter misstatement of Mr. Green's
true position. Though wholly unintentional, the
injury is not thereby diminished.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, after com-
batting the position in the President's Kansas mes-
sage, that the people of that Territory have a right
to change their constitution, proceeds to say that
the President's position is repudiated by the Sen-
ator from Missouri in the report for the admission
of Kansas which he made in the Senate, and in
support of this alleged repudiation the gentleman
from Pennsylvania quotes the report, as follows:
a However grievous us provisions may prove* to be, they
cannot change without resorting to revolution until tho
yeai 1864."
This quotation would seem to support the text
of the gentleman's speech, but the fact is not so.
An examination of Mr. Green's repoi t will show
that this quotation docs him the amplest injustice,
and wholly misrepresents his true position, lt
will be seen that the quotation from the report of
Mr. Green, as set out in the speech of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, begins m the middle of
a sentence, and thereby makes Mr. Green deny
the right of the people to change their constitu-
tion until 1864, when, if the whole paragraph, and
a few succeeding ones had been quoted, it would
have shown that the Senator from Missouri was,
m that portion of the report from which the quo-
tation was taken, supporting the view of the Pres-
ident. I propose to make this manifest by the
following quotation from the report itself, as fol-
lows:
•'Many generous person?, who are quite indi->po«ed to
countenance the violence and contumacy of the Abolnion-
i-rs sent into Kansas (or the purpose of excluding theiehom
aii piopertynot pleasing to them and their abettor-, uige
that something mijjht l>e done to lessen the harrir-hips that
will fdU upon them in the event of the adrnu^um of Kan-
sas into the FTmon with the constitution made at Ler-omp-
ton ; that, although it is tine the Abolitionists* violently op-
posed reinitiation, would not vote at elections, held &ham
elections on days subsequent to those appointed by law, and
even refused to vote against the establishment of slavery, at
a tune when they professed to believe their doing so would
have excluded it, and thus have peacefully settled the ques-
tion to their own satisfaction, yet they consider it would be
too severe to compel such contumacious citizens, even
though it is then own fault, to live under a constitution
which, however ^roivou? its provisions may prove, they
cannot elruige, without rcsarliw* to revolution, until tho
year Ic-o i ''
It will be seen that it is the last two iincs 01' the
