1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
fere with the property of slaves in the Territory-
is expressly exempted. They, and, of course,
their increase, must remain and continue slaves.
The vote, " constitution with no slavery," could
notaffectthem. Now, I ask any man of candor and
fairness to show me how he can maintain that the
question of slavery was fairly submitted to the
people. Suppose that all the people had been
willing to vote upon the acceptance of the consti-
tution: I ask in what manneranymeans had been
provided by the convention, or by the Legisla-
ture, by which the people could have rejected sla-
very ? The vote for the Legislature, in October,
1857, showed clearly that a large majority of the
people'were opposed to slavery. The convention
resolved to impose slavery upon them, against
their expressed will; and the Administration now
ask us to sustain and confirm this imposition.
To make assurance doubly sure, the absolute con-
trol of the election and the returns was given to
the president of the convention; he appointed the
commissioners who appointed the judges of tho
elections, and the votes were to be returned to
him; he was entirely irresponsible; he could cre-
ate or destroy votes with perfect impunity. It is
stated, by men competent and having the means
to judge rightly, that there are not more than
twenty-five hundred pro-slavery voters in the Ter-
ritory. One of the Government officials who was
here, in frequent communication with the Gov-
ernment, some three weeks before the vote on the
constitution was to be taken, asserted that there
would be about six thousand pro-slavery votes
for the constitution. He returned to Kansas,and
about six thousand votes were returned for the
constitution.
The constitution had been framed and adopted
by a minority of all the members of the conven-
tion. The people of Kansas have voted upon it;
and, admitting all the votes to have been cast
■which were returned, there is a clear majority of
five thousand against the constitution. And now
it is before us, tho product of a singular series of
minorities. It is adopted by a small minority of
the people, and framed by the minority of a con-
vention chosen by a minority of the people, and
appointed by a Legislature itself elected by a mi-
nority. And this is done in the name of popular
sovereignty! This is leaving the people perfectly
free to form and regulate their own institutions
in their own way, and to carry out this new dem-
ocratic system of the party which calls itself,par
cxcellcnce, the Democratic party!
The first act, after this scheme comes before us,
is to give the control of a committee, which the
majority of the House voted to raise to investi-
gate the facts, to the minority who opposed such
investigation, so that this House cannot carry out
their wishes in what relates to this project of forc-
ing slavery upon Kansas. This has the merit of
consistency, at least; and I do not know but what,
if we reject the Lecompton constitution, there will
still be found some means to annul our action, so
that the voice of Congress will have as little effect
against the will of the South,, operating through its
instrument, the Administration, as the voice of the
leople of Kansas has had against the violence of
101-der ruffians, sustained by Government officials
and Government troops. I have not given the au-
thorities for the facts which I have stated, because
they have been before us, and the public know
them well, and I did not wish to occupy the time
of the House more than was necessary to give the
reasons which govern my vote on this question.
The facts are sustained by the report of the Kan-
sas investigating committee of the last Congress,
by the statements of the Government officials, the
evidence taken by the Kansas Legislature, and
the statements of individuals worthy of credit.
They are sustained beyond all dispute, and are,
for the most part, uncontradicted. Can there be
a stronger argument than the recital of them?
They show that there has been fraud, violence,
or crime at every stage of the proceedings which
result in the presentation of this constitution for
our acceptance. Must we use argument to con-
vince men that they should oppose crime ? Must
we reason with them to persuade them to condemn
the wrong and uphold the right?
Those who sustain this constitution must show
that an armed invasion did not prevent a large"
portion of the people from coming to the polls.
They must show that laws were not passed which
unjustly required their submission to conditions
E1
which an honest man could not submit to, before
they could vote. Thoy must show that the people
have had afair opportunity to express their wishes
regarding this constitution; or, if they cannot
show that, these charges, which now stand upon
uncontrovcrted evidence, are untrue. In advo-
cating the acceptance of this constitution^ they
must give their support to the crimes •which have
attended its progress:
" They see the light, and they approve it too;
They know the wrong, ami yet the wrong pursue."
The Governors who have been sent to Kansas
to enforce the policy of the Administration in
compelling submission to the yoke, have returned
disgusted with the duties imposed upon them.
Once removed from the baneful influence of im-
mediate contact with the Administration, which,
like the " deadly upas," seems to poison all who
seek shelter under it, they see the iniquity of the
scheme, and the enormity of the wrong by which
it is attempted to enforce it. They depart for
their post resolved to carry out the views of the
Executive, believing, as many here believe, or
profess to believe, that the free-State men are
factious, rebellious fanatics, who have selected
Kansas as the theater of their turbulence, for no
other purpose than to effect party political objects.
They find them peaceful, well-disposed citizens,
who have gone into the Territory intending to
make their homes there, practicing the mechanical
arts, pursuing agriculture, and forming all the
machinery of a republican community, only ask-
ing that they may be permitted to do so them-
selves, without the interference of another people,
and the intimidation of Federal troops. Five Gov-
ernors have gone there; their sympathies and their
prejudices, if they had any, wholly with those
who support this constitution; their private and
political interests being to carry out the slavery
policy, sure of the support of the Executive and
of the South, in any measure they might adopt
to crush out the free-soil sentiment in the Terri-
tory. In every instance, possibly with one neu-
tral exception, the scales have fallen from their
eyes after a short residence among the people of
Kansas. Actual observation, the evidence of their
own senses, converted them; and their testimony
m favor of the free-State men and their cause is
overwhelming.
The Executive sends out the Governors to afflict
the people of Kansas, as we read in Scripture Ba-
lak sent Balaam to curse Israel—" Come curse me
Jacob, and come defy Israel." But Balaam found
that it was the will of God that the people should
be blessed. He answers," And He hath blessed,
and I cannot reverse it. He hath not beheld in-
iquity in Jacob; neither hath Ho seen perverse-
ness in Israel." And Balak angrily says, "I
called thee to curse mine enemies, and behold, thou
hast altogether blessed them these three times.
Therefore, now, flee thou to thy place. I thought
to promote thee unto gr^at honor; but lo! the
Lord hath kept thee back from honor." Tn the
same manner, our Democratic Balak angtily re-
bukes the Governors of Kansas, because they obey
the manifest will of the people, instead of his own.
He removes them from their office, and with-
holds all intended promotion and reward. I ask
those gentlemen who say that the statements fa-
vorable to the free-State cause are misrepresenta-
tions, and that the arguments against the pro-sla-
very cause are the result of sectional animosity,
to consider the fact, which I think is entitled to
have great weight with you, that men taken from
among you, believing as you do, and acting with
you, who have been on the ground, and have seen
with their own eyes and heard with their own
ears, with the very best opportunities of confirm-
ing their belief, have renounced the opinions which
they had upheld, and tell you that they were de-
ceived. They tell you that this Lecompton consti-
tution is a monstrous iniquity; and that if you per-
sist in forcing it upon the people, you commit an
act of oppression upon an unoffending population.
Has thisopinionofyourcomrades,yourformcr co-
operators, no weight with you ? Does it not com-
pel the reflection that it is you who may be blinded
by sectional prejudice, and actuated by partisan
political influences?
The consequences of the acceptance or rejection
of this constitution have been introduced into this
discussion. We hear one day that the pro-sla-
very tioket has been elected, and the next day that
the free-State ticket has been elected. The pres-
ident of the convention maintains an oracular
silence regarding the result of the election. I
condemn his silence, which I cannot believe is
maintained with an honest purpose; but the result
of that election will not affect my vote. "Were
every officer on the free-State ticket elected,exe-
cutive, judicial, and legislative, I should oppose
the acceptance of the constitution while it appears
that the people have had nothing to do with its
presentation to us, and a majority of them are op-
posed to it. The people say that they will resist
with arms any attempt to force this constitution
upon them. I think it more than probable that
they will do so. I should justify and applaud
such a course, as I do the resistance of our an-
cestors to the illegal and oppressive impositions
of the mother country. I should deplore the oc-
casion of the revolution as I should the conse-
quences likely to follow it; but my belief and ap-
prehensions do not influence me to vote for the
rejection of the constitution. I believe that oa a
question which involves a principle it is better to
vote for the right, according to one's best knowl-
edge and judgment, and leave the consequences
to God.
It is said that if the constitution is rejected,
there will be attempts to secede made by some of
the southern States. I do not believe it. I have
no doubt that there are men who would gladly
see such an attempt, and who have labored and
intrigued to bring it about. But the people will
not sustain them, and their traitorous efforts would
be as abortive as those of Catiline. But if I am
mistaken, and serious attempts to secede shall be
made—if any men arc resolved to try to break up
the Union for this cause, I say, let them try it.
We have listened with patience to these threats
of disunion for a long time. They may or may
not have had their intended effect; but the South
has always obtained what it demanded. It was
the intention of those who formed our Govern-
ment, to restnet slavery to its then existing limits.
Had the North been true to itself at the tinie
of the Missouri compromise, and firmly main-
tained that slavery and slave representation should
never be extended into free territory, the question
would have been settled forever. The South car-
ried their point then, they carried it in the admis-
sion of Texas, and in the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, always growing more exorbitant
in their demands, and more violent in insisting
upon them, until now they claim everything. The
Executive is wholly theirs. The Supreme Court
have degraded the bench to the purposes of the
political stump, and from their tribunal have ut-
tcivd political harangues upon a subject which they
had but just before declared was not before them
for judicial action. The South are exulting in the
expectation that the North will continue to yield
until the toleration of slavery, more or less tem-
porary, shall be compelled in all the States of the
Union. Unquestionably a large majoiity of the
people arc opposed to the farther extension of
slavery, and it is full time to try whether our Con-
stitution, which is called the greatest example of
popular government that has ever existed, has
sufficient strength to carry out the principle that
the majority shall govern.
This question has been suffered to agitate the
country for nearly forty yeais. It is now before
us in the most odious foim it has ever as&umed.
Heretofore we have been required only to permit
slavery to remain where it had existed for u long
time, and where the people wished to retain it.
Now we are pskrd to nssist you to establish it
where seven eighths of the people hate and defeat
it. To force this upon us is tyranny as manifest
and as oppressive as any that was ewr exercised.
It is worse than fhe threatened overthrow of the
Constitution, for it is a violation of the gu at prin-
ciple on wliKh the Constitution is founded. If
men will sfiike this blow at the foundation of our
RenubUc, can they expect that the superstructure
will long stand? I oppor* the adoption of this
Lecompton constitution now and always, let the
consequences be what they may. Conscious that
I am ri^ht, i leave the result to that Providence
win eh has protected and favored us so long.
Mr. TALCOT obtained the floor.
Mr. PITELPS. As it is late, if the gentleman
from Kentucky will yield the Row, I will move
the committee rise.
Mr. TALBOT. I yield foi that parposv
