1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
complaine'd to the French Government that sev-
eral violations had been committed against Amer-
ican vessels by Freach privateers, and on the
30th of the same month the French Minister of
Marine issued the following circular to the civil
ordunnatnres of the Republic:
Citiz"ns, being infotmed 'that some French privateers
have riken vessels belonging to the United States, I hasten
to engage you to take the most speedy and efficacious meas-*
ures to put a stop to this robbery, which ebsentially com-
pioniits Fiench lionoi and loyalty. You must be sensible
of how muo.ii impoitanoe it is to the Republic to preserve
the good intelligence subsisting between her and the United
States, and to tighten, if possible, the bonds of a fiatornal
alliance with the people who, having conquered and ob-«
tamed- their hbeity, value our principles and icspect oui
rights."
But both parties to the contract became indiffer-
ent, and at last embittered in their negotiations.
We were not satisfied with the decree issued by
the French Government on the 9th of May, 17D3,
which authorized the soizuie of neutral vessels
bound into her enemies ports, although for all
damage amine; from such seizures we were to be
indemnified. This decree was claimed by France
to be retaliatory and even absolutely necussary ■
as a measure of self-preservation, England hav-
ing justified the capture of neutral vessels bound
into French ports, and American vessels being
included among the captured. France also com-
plained of our President's proclamation of neu-
trality issued on the 22d of April, 1733. We
were charged with having failed, in all important
paiuculars to recognize our treaty stipulations
m reference to the ports; that wc. had interfered
and released prizes belonging to British subjects
after the)'' had been captured and hionght in by
French privateers; that we had allowed British
ships of wartheuseof our ports, and had abridged
the privileges of France in the sal", of her prizes;
that we had not fulfilled the terms of the guar-
antee, but had seen her islands captured without
firing a gun. So both parlies bncame restless,
and both m some decree had violated their tieaty
stipulations. France, by allowing her privateers
to captuie our vessels, in the face of the clause
that "free ships make free goods;" and we by
a steady refusal to maintain the guarantee, and
exclusive use of our ports to Franco. Mr. Liv-
ingston in his report thus alludes to the embar-
rassing state of affairs:
4*ln all those complaints neither of the parties seemed
desirous of piecing the other lbr asmetperloimanceof the
tu\i!y—both, pa imps. from a con^eiou.-ncsj 'hat they weie,
them-'elves. lint inclined 10 pel form all its ■stipulations ; wo,
o'i our pait, were cautious about asking indemnity tor the
breach ot the articles which stipulated that it ee ship-* should
male- lice good:-, m the hope that the Fiench would he
equally accommodating on the subject of ihe guarantee; and
it is cunoii1- to ob^eive the embairassment which this sub-
ject pioduced in the ueirotiauons between the parties. In
the iu=>?ructiom, to Mi Momoe he n directed to slate that
t e are unable to ga e her aid of anJ moncx;, evidently
aUuiingtoiheguarantee. A pleaot inability could only flow
hum a coi^ci'Msne.^ of obligation. and must bo regarded a<s
on acknowledgment of liability on the pait of the nan on that
makes it- And that Minister, m one of his letters to the
Secietaiy ot ritatc^ay-s: k 1 leh extremely euibduass-cd how
f •> tou< h aaain their m'l'ogement of the ti eat)- of ennmerce;
v-'h^-thcr to call on them to execute it, or leave that question
on the ground on which \ first placed it-' And afterwards,
in a eontcience with one uf the French Minister.--, the, ques-
tion i-' directly put, * Bo vou insist on our exec'Uni^ the
treaty?' This Mi. Monroe, for the moment, evades, but
it wo 3 aftcrwaids pciempfordv airam mged,' Do jou mv-.t
upon, oi demand it?' And Mr, Monroe an«wois. f that he
v\,i? nor mstiueted by the jPie-udent to insist upon it. nor
did he in-ist upon itand lie avuws that one of his motives
wa>,1 lest it ni'Shie.vit'"' a deposition tourer us u^on other
pom'-?, on whv k it v cr* better to avoi'! onv discus-ion.} On
the psrt of the Fiench Government, although the execution
ot the guaiante teems to have been isicidently demanded
hy tueu dgoiiu in the Cmtcd States,yet it was lathei m the
inane of a icque-t of aid m money, provision-., and aims ;
and the lefercnee made to the euanntee was to show that
we might comph with their requisitions under the previous
treaty without dcpaiting tiom cui neutrality."
We shall find thai in ali our negotiations with
the French Government, the terms of the old trea-
ties were insisted upon by her Ministers. The
guarantee of the islands was a convenient article
of the treaty. These possessions were remote
iromthe seat of the French Government, and con-
venient to ours. I have, sir, already alluded to
the difficulties which stood in the way of our grant
ins; the promised protection. We offered a war
subsidy of $200,000 annually, to be released from
this guarantee, which is a fair argument in favor
of ilip assumption that we recognized it as binding
upon us, and if a bargain could be secured, we
were not entirely destitute of the means with
which to avail ourselves of it. But we did not
pay this money, because France would not accept
■gm
it in lieu o.f $ie guarantee. .So, notwithstanding
our refusal to stand by our agreement, our obli-
gation to do it was more valuable to France than
the proffered annual allowance of§200,000. Dur-
ing the pendency of alt our negotiations, to this
; time, the action of the parties was characterized
by kindly feelings, and we were rapidly adjusting
all our difficulties. On the&Oth of February, 1795,
the President, in his message, said, uIt affords me
the highest pleasure to inform Congress that per-
fect harmony exists between the two Republics,"
(France and the United States.) We must re-
member, sir, that while we were settling our dif-
ficulties with France peaceably, she was burdened
with a relentless warfare, superinduced possibly,
by her former alliance with us. But regardless
of this, or other consideiations important to
the French Government, we, at this juncture of
affairs, found ourselves engaged in negotiating a
treaty with Great Britain, which effectually de-
stroyed all hope.* of a speedy reconciliation with
France. The knowledge of Mr. Jay's mission to
England, which transpired in 1794, was the cause
of new complaints on the part of the French Gov-
ernment, and Mr. Munroe was instructed to check
the growing discontent, by giving assurance that
"the motives ofMr. Jay's mission to England v/aa
to obtain immediate compensation for plundered
propel ty and a restitution of the ports," and "that
he was positively forbidden to weaken the en-
gagement between this country and France," and
to ''repel with firmness, any imputations of the
most distant intention to sacrifice our connection '
with France, to any connection with England." j
This explanation aided in establishing the era i
of good feelings upon which all our negotiations :
were based. But the promulgation of Mr. Jay's
treaty changed the aspect of affairs. By the in-
terpretation which we Lad voluntarily given to
the tieuty, great innovations were made upon iho '
engagements between France and the United
States, and which had not been annul!' d with the
! consent of the French Government. That clause
I in Mr. jay's treaty winch, by the interprets ion
I of the contracting parties, allowed British cruis-
. ers to capture Amciican sht;>s laden on merchants'
■ account, and bound into French poits, was well
! calculated to provoke a spirit of hostility towaids
j us oil the part of France. But it was as unjust
to American merchants as it was to the Fiench
i people. Fiance was m a state of starvation, or
• bordering upon it. Ker commerce was destroyed;
, her people were in arms; her ports were watched
: hourly by her enemies. The pohey of her op-
j piessors was to starve her into subjection, as Lord
i North thought he could starve the American fish-
i ermen into obedience to British dictation. The
| plan is inhuman, and generally fails,
j By the eighteenth article of the Jay treaty, we
1 allowed our provision vessels, bound to France, to
| be captured, and restricted such captures only to
| the proviso that tl a reasonable mercantile profit
be paid to the captain or owners, including freight,
dcmuragc,&c." Whether,in viewof her services
in the past, and her treaty stipulations still m force,
the French Government could justly complain of
all this, I leave gentlemen to judge. The treaties j
speak for themselves. I only state the fact,'as I i
extract it fiom their perusal, i here wish to read ;
Mr. Randolph's (Secretary of Siate) letter to Mr.
Monroe, of July 14, 1735: \
, u The tieaty (.lav's) n not >er unified, nor will it rati- j
hod 1 b"heve, until it lerinn- iumi J'higi.uuL it then. But I do i
not mean this for a public communication, or for any puh- J
he body or men. I om engaged in a work which, when >
finirdied and approved by the President, will enable me to ,
speak precisely to you. 'The late Dutish order for seizing
provisions is a'weighty obstacle to a lat-ficat'.oa. J do not
suppose that such an attempt to starve Fiance will be eoun- ;
tenanced "
But, as I have already remarked, Mr. Jay's
treaty affected the interests of Ametiean merchants ,
unfavorably. [ believe it is regarded as legiti-
mate for the mercantile and commercial ad\cn-
turer to choose his maiket. lie is entitled to the
benefit of it to-day, as he is subject to the vicissi- '
tuues and changes of every day. At the time these <
vessels were captured, and their cargoes said m
British ports at pn advance of about ten per cent. ,
on the invoice cost, the difference in the price of j
flour, as between the markets of Great Britain
and France, was more than thirty dollars per bar- j
rel, and other staple supplies weie held m nearly j
aci great disproportion. JN'ow, I will not pretend ;
to exuldiu the cause of this remarkable display ;
of amiability towards a nation with wlipfti we
had. just been at w!ar, or'the'nb leW
indifference towards another wfth wjh"o,m we had
been, and still were, bound by the sft'onges^.ties
of fnendship. But the considerations -which
would seem to proceed naturally from our "former
relations with France, produced no effect upon
the action of our Government m reference to Mr.
J ay's treaty. Public hostility wasaroused against
its ratification, and.parties divided upon the ques-
tion, and more than eighteen months efapsed*and
the matter was suspended; but finally the treaty
was ratified, much against the popular will i'ri the
United States, and certainly m violation*-of the
letter and spirit of our treaties with France.
Wc also, by the Jay treaty, opened our ports
to British ships, thus assailing France in her most
vital part. The act was equivalent to a formal
refusal to allow France the use of our ports at
all. Mr. Pickering, Secretary of State, wrote to
Mr. King, Minister to Great Britain:
" Oiders having been given to prevent the sale, of prizes
brought into our poits by French privateers, conformably lo
the twenty fouith article oi' our tieatyavith Gveat Britain,
a eertnm class of our emzp'is laised some little clanioi, that
the piolnbmon was not only unfriendly to Fiance, but a
violation of our treaty with that nation.""
The French Minister asked if we had decided
to refuse the use of our ports for the sale of French
prizes. In reply," he was informed that by the
twenth-fourth article of the I3ritish treaty we
must so decide. The French islands had fallen,
into the hands of the British, and now American
ports were to be closed against French ships and
piizes. The wonder is natural that we should
hd\c been so faithful to Gie&t Britain, and so
faithless to France. And the charitable explana-
tion is, that the first led a powerful combination
against the latter, and we must bow to power
gracefully, even if it should cost us a war with
oui best fiend and former ally. It is plain for us
to see that Ptesidcnt Washington had determined
lo keep the United States fiec from " entangling;
alliances,"and that he pushed his policy of non-
interf-'ience on behalf of France to the very verge
of a technical understanding of the treaties in all
cases; and us all men bearing public trusts find
their motives overlooked, and only the chance
results of their acts criticised; so Washington
found his course severely condemned by a large
party of his country men. Mr. Jefferson aban-
doned his Cabinet, it is believed, because he could
not view ail the circumstances of our position
with composure.
Mr. Chairman, I have no doubt, and could not
doubt, that stipulations so embarrassing as ours
with France must be thrown off, either by com-
promise or force. We could never fulfill them
and maintain our peace with other nations. When
we assumed these heavy obligations it was ques-
tionable if we succeeded in establishing our in-
dependence permanently. The aid <?fa powerful
Government was an important consideration, and
we were not taking a risk so great as our ally in
bringing on the war. We had everything to gain
in a doubtful enterprise. Our ideas of govern-
ment were not matured. Our resources had not
been tried; and, led on by high hopes, we could
perhaps afford to agree to anything, upon the
" nothing venture nothing have" principle, and
we made a bold bargain; and after all our doubts
and fears had, m a degree, passed away, we found
it to be necessary that we should resort to nice
distinctions m giving color and interpretation to
the piovisions of our a-eaties with France. Such,
it seems to me, is a fair inference, and here mo-
tives might be suggested in explanation; but these
will come to the minds of ail men who care enough
about the matter to give it consideration. Wc
have now arrived at the point where our agents
find serious business on their hands. Therein
no longer a feeling of indifference upou the que* -
uon of good faith. Mr. Monroe stated the de-
mands of his Government to be for payment tor
losses consequent upon—
l. The capture and detention of about filly vesseh:
'•a. The detention lorayearofeightyothci ve^clsundei
the Bordeaux embatgo.
(i 3. The non-payment of supplies to the \\ est India isl-
ands to continental Fiance. _
<« 4 For depredations commuted on our cominercc m the
YVe«;t Indies. „ , ,T ,
All. Adet. on the 15th of November, 1 -96, announce?
the oidor ol 1>n Governmentto Mi'peitd his functions in the
United States, and made a formal claim of the guarantee m
the following ieims: 4 The underv.gned. Minister I-iempo
ihiuAiyof the Fwnch RtpubLe, no.v fulfills to the
