THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
ernmentmightbe matfefor them which they would
abhor ami detest, I would have no right to vote
for the admission, and no power on earth should
compel me to vote for it. How poor and pitiful
is all the talk about records and enabling acts, and
territorial acts, and proceedings regular in form,
and legal bodies, when you know in your heart
what the people want and what they do not want,
and are required to act undera constitution which
clothes you with a discretion in just such cases,
and calls upon you to exercise it wisely and hon-
estly 1
And now, sir, how is it with this Lecompton
constitution ? Let us see whether, in the action
of the convention which formed it, and of the Pres-
ident subsequent to its formation, we have no
evidence in confirmation of the opinion I have had
the honor to express in respect to the designs of
the Federal Executive; and also let us observe
how sadly the expectations of the real friends of
popular sovereignty must have been disappointed
in the Administration, which could not have had
an existence but for their almost superhuman ex-
ertions.
Let us consider, in the first place, as to the con-
stitution of this Lecompton convention. The Pres-
ident and his friends contend that it was fairly
constituted, and fairly represents the people, and
the whole power residing m the people; and,
therefore, that it was unnecessary to submit their
work—to wit, the constitution which they had
framed—to them for their ratification or rejection.
He says the law for its constitution " was, in the
main, fair and just; and it is to be legretted that
all the qualified electors had not registered themselves,
and voted under its provisions.5'
Sir, what are the facts ? In answer to this ques-
tion I will produce no uncertain testimony; and,
in the main, will rely upon witnesses whom .the
Presidents estopped from impeaching, and whose
testimony was m his possession when he made the
statement which I have quoted. Let us see what
Governor Walker says upon this point in his re-
cent letter to the President:
'•That [Utc Lecompton] convention had vital, not tech-
nical defects, in the very substance ol its organization under
the territonal law, which could only be cured, m my judg-
ment—as setlorthm my inaugural and other addresses—
by the submission of the constitution for ratification or te-
jection by the people. On leference lo the temtoiia] law
under which the convention was assembled. thnly-lbui icg-
ularly organised counties, weie named a* election dinners
for delegates to the convention. In each and all of these
counties it was required by Jaw that a census should be
taken and the voteis legisteied; and when tins was com-
pleted, the delegate* to the io:iveniiou should be appor-
tioned accordingly. In nineteen of theso counties tbeio
was no census and therefore there could be no such appor-
tion men t there ot delegate* ba-ed upon such census Ami in
fifteen ofthe.-w counties tlicie was no icgistiy of voteis.
"These fifteen counties, including many ot' the oldest
organized counties in the Territory, weie eutnely di^fian-
cinsed, and did not give, and (b>i no jmilt of their own)
could not give, ;i solitary vote for delegates lo the conven-
tion." * * * " Nor could it be said the&e counties
acquiesced ; for, whereverthoy endcavoied by a subsequent
ccn-us or legistiy ot their o-.vn to supply this defect, occa-
sioned by the pieviOUs neglect ot the lerrtfotial olfieew, the
delegates thus chosen were i ejected by the convention.
" i lepeat, that in nineteen counties out ol thuty-lour,
theie was no census. In fi!t<'e<i countics out of thuty-loui
ther<? was_ no icgistry; and not a solitary vote kus given or
could be given for delegate9 to the. convention in any one of
thcsccoantico. Purely, then, it cannot be said that such a
convention, chosen by seau'ely more than one tenth of the
present votei- in Kansas, icpiesented the people ot that
Territory,.and could ughtfuliy impo.se a constitution upon
them without their consent."
The failure to vote, says Governor "Walker,
who knows what he says, and proves it, was " no
fault of their own." Again, in fifteen counties
not a "solitary vote could be given;" yet the
President regrets that the qualified voters had not
registered fhem«?olves and voted!
Upon this point Secretary Stanton, who is no
free-State man or Republican, but a pro-slavery
Democrat, as he himself has told us, says:
'•The census tlieiem piovulcd for was impel feetly ob-
tained fiom an unwilling people in nineteen counties of the
Territory; while m til" lemainiiig counties, being also nine-
teen in numbei, fiom vaiious causes, iioatiempr was made
to comply with the law. In sonic instances, people and
officcis were alike avei.-e ro the piocecdmgs; m othei*. the
officers neglected or refine! to act; and in sonic, there was
but a small population and no efficient oiganization, en-
abling the peopie to secuie a tepiescnUUion in the conven-
tion."
There was no remedy whatever for these men
who had not been registered, as was pruved by
actual trial. The ease is not left to conjecture,
but stands on evidence; and here it is, in the
memorial and protest of the people of Anderson
county, Kansas. I beg you will all read it; and
when you have done so, turn to the President's
message, and examine again the clause which I
have just read to you:
MEMORIAL AND PROTEST FROM KANSAS.
To the Senate awl House of Representatives, hi Congress
assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of Anderson county, Territory
of Kansas, would most respectfully submit the following
pieamble and resolutions, which were unanimously adopted
at a mass convention of the citizens of our county, held at
Hyatt, September 15,1857:
" Whereas, the example of our forefathers has taught us
to resist every attempt which may be made to disfranchise
us as citizens; and whereas, the districting and apportion-
ment for members of the Temtoiial Legislature of Kansas
shows an unquestionable determination to deprive us of our
rights as citizens, in that it provides no representation in
either branch of the Legislature in sixteen counties, con-
taining nearly half the population of the Territory—thus
placing us in the position of the patriots of the Revolution,
who were taxed and refused representation; and whereas,
the course pursued by the constitutional convention, at its
session at Lecompton last week, in regard to the membeis
elected to lepresent tins county in that convention, indi-
cates that we are not to be allowed a lepresentation in that
body, or a voice in regard to its actions: Theiefore,
"Resolved, That we, the citizens of Anderson county,
approve of the eouise pursued by the two delegates front
our county, in their demand lor the return of their certifi-
cates from the constitutional convention; and that we pro-
test against the acts of said convention, winch we consider
to be a denial of our right to be lepresented, and illegal, on
the giound that this and other counties are not repre-
sented."
Youi petitioner* would also present the following, winch
wa^ unanimously adopted by a convention of delegates
representing nineteen counties of the Teintory of Kansas,
held at the Sac and Fox agency, in *>aid Tenitor} :
k* Wlieieas the apportionment law of the tenitorial gov-
ernment of Kansas is unjust and unequal, as it nearly dis-
franchises one half of the population ot the Teintory of
Kansas, giving to nineteen counties only three icprescnta-
tives; And whereas we, the delegates of the said nine-
teen counties, feel that we have rights equal to our popu-
lation, and am theiefore entitled to u full lepresentation:
Tlierefoie,
''Resolved, That we, in behalf of our constituents, pro-
test against the unequal representation awarded to us."
Your petitioners would most lespectfully icpiescut that
the law of the Legislature of Kansas, " to provide for the
taking of a census and the election of delegates to a con-
vention," required—
u Sec. 1. That it shall be the duty of the sheriffs of the
sevcial counties in Kansas Teintory, and they ate hereby
required, between the 1st day of Maich and the 1st day of
Apnl, 1857, to make an enumeration of all free male inhab-
itants, citizensoftbe United States, over twenty-one years
of age, and all other white persons actually residing within
their respective counties."
Section two pi ovules : " In the case of any vacancvin the
office ot shentl. the duties imposed upon such shenll by this
act shall devolve upon and be peitoimed by the judge of
the piobate court of the county in winch buch vacancy may
evi^t " And it further piovides: '•' in case the office of
both sheriff and piobate judge shall be or become vacant,
the Governor shall appoint some competent resident of such
count} to portoim such duty."
Section thiee provides that "the shei iff, probate judge, or
poison appointed by the Governor, shall file m the'otlice of
the piobate judge a full list of the legal voters m the county,
previous to the 10th day of April, ltf.~>7."
Section seven provides that " it shall be the duty of the
Governor and Seeretaiy of the Teintoiy, so soon as the cen-
sus shall be completed and returns made, to proceed lo an
apportionment ot the members for a convention among the
diffeient counties and election districts of the Teintory."
Youi petitioners, would most icspcctfully lepresent, that
il theie was no sheriff m this county, from the tune of the
passage of the census act until the 10th day of Apnl last,
the time specified by the law for making the return ; and
that there was a judge ot the piobate couit, but, fiom some
cause, this olfieu made no effort to take the censiu ; and
that, after the expiration of the tune prescribed bv law, in
the absence of the j udge of the probate court, John MeDamel
took the census, and returned the same to tiie executive
office." (See report of the committee of convention )
Your petitioner would fuither repiesent, that (m viola-
tion of the laws which piovided that the appoitionment
should be made by the Governor and Secietary of the Ter-
ritory, '• so soon as the census shall be completed and the
returns made,") the apportionment wa-s made previous, and
that tins (the county of Andeison) and other counties of
Kansas Tenitory have theieby been excluded from a repre-
sentation in that convention. *
Youi petitioners would further represent, that, byextra-
otficial authonty fiom Governor Walker to the judire of
Anderson county, alter the appointment for delegates was
j made, an flection was held, and Dr. It. Gilpatrick and J.
I Y. Campbell were elected to icpresent our county in said
j convention ; and it will appear, from the facts admitted in
I hothiepoits of the committee of that convention, that we,
I '* the people of Anderson county, are m no way respons-
] ible tor the failure of being repiesented in the convention,
'• under our conformity to the Kansas statutes."
Your petitioners would fuither repiesent, that the con-
vention assembled at Lecompton, to fiame a State consti-
tution, i? not a convention of the repiesentat.vcs of tiie
people of Kansas, in that the representatives of this county
have not been allowed a seat m said convention, and also
that, by an illegal appoitionment, other counties have been
! entuely di-fiancbised
j Yourpetmoneis would, therefore, most respectfully pro
j ten against the adoption of any constitution or act by Con-
! gress which maj be ftamed or enacted bv said convention.
1 And \ otn petitioners would mos^humbly piay the Con
gress of the United States to reject the acts of said conven-
tion, and to adopt such laws and measures as they may
deem advisable, m older ihat eveiy lona fide citizen, and
every county in the Tenitory of Kansas, may have a voice
m the creation of the State constitution under which they
are to live, and by which they are to be governed. And
your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray.
Signed by VV. F. M. AltNY,"
It. GILPATRICK,
JAMES Y. CAMPBELL,
And about two hundred other voters of Anderson countyy
Kansas.
Thus it appears conclusively, and from au-
thority which cannot be disputed, that the peo-
ple of fifteen of the thirty-four counties in the
Territory were not and could not be represented
in this convention. Nearly one half of the people
of the Territory were deprived of the right of be-
ing heard in the choice ^of delegates who were to
exercise the highest powers of sovereignty. In
one county, it has been seen, in which there was
no registry, the people did all they could to be
represented in the convention. They held a meet-
ing at which they voted and elected delegates.
That these delegates were the choice of the people
of the county, and were clected with as much reg-
ularity as the circumstances of the case would per-
mit, and that the county was entitled by its popu-
lation to two delegates, are facts which do not
seem to have been disputed. Yet these delegates
were not received. If they had been, the whole
action of the convention might have been re-
versed. The constitution was adopted, if I am
not misinformed, by a majority of only two votes.
If the Anderson delegates, who would have rep-
resented as many of the people of Kansas as any
two members of the convention, had been allowed
to vote, the constitution would have been rejected.
They were not permitted to vote; the constitution
was adopted, and is claimed to be the sovereign
act of the people ! It was no such thing. The
Lecompton convention did not represent the sov-
ereignty of the people, for it did not emanate from
the people; therefore the constitution should have
been submitted to them in such manner that, if
they did not want it, they could reject it.
But this has not been done. Let us place our-
selves where the people of Kansas were on the
-Slstday of December,and wc shall find that they
cannot vote upon the constitution made by that
convention at all. Nine out of every ten of them
may dislike it; they may object seriously, and
upon principle, to many of its provisions; they
may not like the power to establish a mammoth
bank; or they.may wish to reserve to the Legis-
lature the power to grant divorces, although I
think they would be unwise to do so; but it is
then business, and they have a right, to be heard
onit; they may object to give,to Johnson county,
with four hundred voters, as large a represent-
ation in the Senate as is allotted to Douglas county,
with two thousand; they may desire to be per-
mitted to vote for an adopted citizen for Governor,
although he may not have been naturalized for
the full term of twenty yeais. But, under the
Lccompton schedule, they have no opportunity
to vote on any of these questions, or to say, that
rather than have the constitution as it is, they will
have none. The convention only permits them to
say whether slaves may heieafter be taken into the
State or not.
The President and his friends in the Senate,
Mr. Bigler and Mr. Fitch, admit that it was
indispensable that the question of slavery should
be submitted to the people. But even tlus was
not done. The people are not to say whether
they will have slavery or not, but only in what
way they will have it; only in reference to the
future sources of supply; or, in other words,
they are to be allowed to say whether or not
they will give-to the business of slave breeding,
within the State, the advantage of absolute pio-
tcction against foreign competition. Men must
vote a falsehood if they vote at ail; for "consti-
tution with no slavery" is slavery to all intents
and purposes. Yoteany way the people can, and
slavery is fixed in the State, and forever, or until
the constitution shall be overthrown by a revo-
lution. The increase of the slaves in Kansas is
protected by the " constitution with no slavery,"
and there is no provision by which, under the
constitution, any changes can be made, hereafter,
to affect the condition of the slaves now within
the Teriitoiy, and their descendants. Not only
till 1864, but to the end of time, is the existence
of slavory secured by this constitution. Though
