2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
tary of State of the United States a painful but sacred duty.
He claims, in the name of American honor, in the name of
the faith of treaties, the execution of that contract which as-
sured to the United States their existence, and which France
regarded as the pledge of the most sacred union between
two people, the freest on earth.' "
So, then, France says to us, in effect, although
we have made an agreement to exempt your ships
as neutrals from capture, and while we have not
heretofore attempted the justification of seizures
made in violation of ourtreaty^stipulations, since
you have deliberately set at naught all obligations
due to us from your Government, wc shall pro-
ceed to capture your vessels upon the same terms
that you allow Great Britain to take them. The
particular hardship in this view of the case arises
from the fact that the British Government paid
for their plunder, while we bartered away our
claims on France in order to get rid of our treaty
stipulations. Impelled by the knowledge of Jay's
treaty, a decree was issued by the French Gov-
ernment, authorizing an indiscriminate seizure of
American vessels. Onedecrce followed another,
all aimed at the commerce of the United States,
which was almost utterly destroyed. We at-
tempted to settle our troubles by negotiation, and
failed. "We attempted to retaliate by authorizing
the capture of all armed French vessels found
upon our coast. We passed several legislative
acts—one on the 18th of June-, 1798, suspending
intercourse with France; and another, winch was
justified upon grounds of expediency, perhaps,
although in direct violation of our treaty engage-
ments. I aiiude to the act of July 7, 1798:
" That the United Slates arc of right freed and exoner-
ated from the stipulations of the treaties and of the con-
vention, heretofore concluded between the United States
and Franco; and that ilie same fehall not heneeiorth be re-
garded as legally obligatory on the Government or the citi-
zens of the United States."
Affairs had now assumed a serious aspect; but
no war was recognized on either hand. It was
important, if possible, to settle our differences with
^France at once. Our first mission had failed to
"accomplish any good results; another was sunt
outin 1800. The firstcommission was composed
of Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall, and Gerry. The
French Government did not receive these agents
cordially. Many obstacles were raised; and the
most that could be done was to obtain an ac-
knowledgment from the French Government of
claims due for indemnities on account of unlawful
captures, and a proposal from the French Min-
ister on the 8th of November, 1797, to (he eifect
that a commission be established (or the purpose
of deciding upon the reclamations to be made to
Americans on account of captures, &c., provided
the United States would loan to France the ne-
cessary sum of money to carry out the plan. This
proposal our envoys declined to accept; because
they doubtad the ability of France to pay as might
be agreed, or, perhaps, because we fean d the hos-
tility of Great Britain m consequence of our ap-
parently aiding France in carrying on the war;
and this impression, it seems, we were most de-
sirous to avoid giving, from the first. One of the
principal reasons why the first commission failed
to meet with favor in France proceeded from the
fact that the Frcnch people were incen.sed in view
of our conduct in concluding Mr. Jay's treaty,
which almost worked actual starvation in France.
In our own country, it will be remembered that
the Democratic party took sides with France, and
the Federal party was strongly m favor of the
ratification of Jay's treaty. Two.of the commis-
sioners sent to Fiance were active members of
the Federal party; and this is given in Goui-
gand's History as one leason why they were
coldly met by tine French Ministers. The depre-
dations upon our commerce after the failure ol the
first mission were more marked than before, as
the extract just read shows. It was on this ac-
count mainly that the act of July 7,1798, to which
I have referred, was passed. But in a year or two
afterwards wc succeeded, through the agency of
our Minister at the Hague, in arranging for an-
other mission, which occurred in 1800. From the
records of the proceedings of this mission, it docs
not appear any where that the Fiench Ministers
denied the justice of our claims for indemnities.
They did, however, insist upon the terms of the
old treaties as paramountin matters of negotiation.
These stipulations they claimed were perpetual;
while we had already placed our Government m
direct contravention of such an interpretation by
the provisions of Mr. Jay's treaty with Great
Britain. Thus the business was embarrassed at
once. Up to the period of the negotiationslead-
ing to the convention of 1800, the claims due to
American citizens for debts, contracts, captures,
&c.,had been thrown together. Now, for the first
time,an attempt was made to separate them; and
all debts for contracts and supplies were placed
to one account, and those forillegal captures were
placed in another. The first were paid under the
convention of 1803; the last were bargained away
to France by the convention of 1800 in consider-
ation of our release from national engagements.
The result of the convention of 1800 was the
adoption of the following articles bearing upon
the question under consideration:
"The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the two parties, not
being able to agree, at present, respecting the treaty of alli-
ance of February 6,1778, the tieaty of amity and commerce
of the same date, and the convention of November 14,1788,
nor upon the indemnities mutually due or claimed, the par-
ties will negotiate further on these subjects at a convenient
time; and wntil they may have agreed on these points the
said treaties and convention shall have no operation, and the
relations of the twocountues shall be regulated as follow* :
" Art. f>. The debts contracted by one of the two nations
with individuals of the other, or by the individuals of one
with the individuals of the other, shall he paid, or the pay-
ment may be prosecuted in the «ame manner as if there had
been no mi'.iimhM^iaiuhng between the two State*. But
lh>i clause .,,'urtt not cstvnd to indemnities claimed on account
oj cup/uics oi conjvi^.atlons^,
Thus, it will bo seen, we succeeded in checking
the ni>;o cessions upon our commerce, and after
providing for the payment of debts in full for con-
tracts and supplies, we left the claims for spolia-
tions to meet the precise point of dispute which
authorized the capture of our vessels, namely, thp
claims of France under her old treaties. Even
these claims for spoliations were not considered
by France as equal to her treaty advantages. We
offered to abandon, at one time, our whole claim
if we could th-ereby extinguish these obligations,
but the offer was rejected. The best that could
be done by the envoys, in 1800, was to leave af-
fairs open for a while, and to provide for an im-
mediate restoration of friendly intercourse. This
was'done by a virtual restoration and mutual
reassumption of obligations: on our part an ac-
knowledgment of treaty obligations; on the part
of France a forma! acknowledgment of our claims
foi spoliations. There can be no reasonable doubt
of this. 1 know the Senate refused to ratify the
convention of 1800 until the second article was
stricken out, mainly, I presume, for the reason
that the Government was committed against the
acknowledgment of the treaty of 1778 by the act
of 1798, and other recorded acts; but when we
rutined, with a reservation, the action of our en-
voys, and i oturned the papers to France, the First
Consul virtually restored the section by a pro-
viso:
•'Thai, by the tetrenehinent of the second artu-le, the
two Stitii-i renounce the joapective claims which aiethe
object ol the vsaul aiticle."
Now, what were the respective claims: sim-
ply on the part of France, the maintenance of our
treaty stipulations; on our part, payment for spo-
liations upon the property of our citizens—not for
debts, ftr these had been provided for m full; but
for captures and confiscation on account of our
refusal to keep our treaty obligations m full force.
Now, if our Government asserts that this was not
nn offset because we did not recognize our treaty
obligations; then, I must say in reply, that we
gave away the people's money without a consid-.
eration, by the final ratification on the part of the
Senate, on the 10th December, 1801; and the sub-
sequent promulgation by the president of the con-
ventioncontaining the proviso of the First Consul,
and which effectually and forever destroyed all
claims for indemnities which wc held against
Fiance. But, sir,just at this point, I de&iie to fur-
nish the evidence of an important witness, no less
an authority than the First Consul himself, who
was a party to the whole business. When at St.
Helena, and dictating to his historian, he gave a
full account of the convention of 1800; and this
extract appears on page 159 of the second volume
of Gourgand's memoirs of the history of France.
In speaking of the second article of the conven-
tion , he says:
The suppression of this article at once put an end to the
puvilcges which France had possessed by the tieaty of 1778,
and annulled the just claims which America might have
made, for injuues done m tune of peace.5'
And the writer goes on to say:
"This was exactly what the First Consul had proposed to
himself in fixing these two points as equiponderating each
other. Without this it would have been impossible to sat-
isfy the merchants of the United States, and to banish f;om
their inenioiy the looses they had suffered. The First Con-
sul's ratification of this treaty was dated July 31,1801, and
declared that it was to he clearly understood that the sup-
pression of article second annulled all claims for indemnity,"
And another proof I will give. In a letter from
•our Minister at Paris to the French Secretary of
State of April 17, 1802, he says:
" It will, sir, be well recollected by the distinguished char-
acter who had the management of the negotiation that the
payment forjllegal captuies, with damages and indemnities,
was demanded on one side, and the renewal of the treaties
of 1778 on the other; that they were consideied of equiva-
lent value, and that they only formed the subject of the sec-
ond aiticle."
Here let it be seen that on this celebrated sec-
ond article was the whole matter resting, and with
its retrenchment \vm annulled ail in dispute on both
sides. A full opinion, corroborative of this view
of the case, may be found m the letter from Mr.
Clay, issued at the State Department, in compli-
ance with the Senate resolution of March 5,1824,
and confirmed by President Adams, in his mes-
sage Congress of May 20,1826. 1 will give an
extract from this report. It is the report and
opinion of Henry Clay, Secretary of State, and
confirmed by President John Q,uincy Adams, m
his message to Congress, May 20, 1826, and is as
follows:
u The two contending parties thus agreed, by the retrench-
ment of the second artiele, mutually to renounce the respect-
ive pretentions which were-the object of that article. The
pretentions of thp United State*, to which allu iun is thus
made, arose out ofthe spoliations, under color of French au-
thoi ity, m eontiavention to law and existinjf treaties. Those
of Fiance sprung Horn the tieaty of alliance of the 6th Feb-
niaiy, 1778. the treaty of commerce of the same date, and
the convention of the 14th November, 1733. Whatever ob-
ligations oi indemnities fiom those sources, either paityhad
*a i ight to demand, weie respectively waived and abandoned,
ami the consideration which induced one pai tv to renounce
his pretentions, was that of the renunciation by the other
paily of his pretensions. What was the value oi the obli-
gation,-! and indemnities so reciprocally renounced, can only
bo mattei of speculation. The amount of the indemnities
due to citizens of the United States was veiy large, and on f
the other hand, the obligation was gieat (to specify no other -
Fi<'nrh pieten^ion^) under which the United States wcie
placed in the eleventh article of the treaty of alliance of 6th
February, 1778, by winch thev were bound forever to guar-
anty, hom that time, the then possessions of the Crown of
France m America."
We had now accomplished our purpose; we
were rid of our onerous treaty stipulations, upon
terms more favorable than we had anticipated. Our
people were satisfied, because France was satis-
fied. On the 3d of October, ISOO, Joseph Bona-
parte, one of the French commissioners, gave an
entertainment to the American Envoys at Mor-
fontame. The Fiist Consul was present on the
occasion. lie gave, as a sentiment, "To the
manes of the French and Americans who fell m
the battle-field fighting for the independence of
the New World." Other kindly expressions af-
forded assurance that we had finally, and almost
providentially, escaped a bitter war with France,
and had satisfactorily adjusted all difficulties be-
tween the two Governments.
And so I come down to the point. We had the
work of collecting debts due to our people placed
in our hands; we invited the agency in a circular
letter issued at the Department of State in 1793.
We found ourselves m debt to the party with
whom we were to deal. We were fully empow-
I ered to act; and we gave up the claim of our cit-
' izens, to silence the clamor of our national cred-
itor. No money passed between the parties—
none needed to pass to establish the responsibility,
or to settle the question of advantage to the Uni-
ted States. If we wish to know how we were
benefited, we must examine the accounts at the
Treasury, in order to ascertain how much we
saved by getting rid of paying the $200,000 war
stipend, or by the greater advantage of saving the
expense of a protracted war m consequence of our
failure to observe our treaty stipulations. We
gave up the property of the citizen for a national
purpose; and this we had no right to do; and
because we had the power, bestowed upon the
Government in good faith, and did destroy the
claims of our citizens, therefore we are bound to
make leparation, if there is any honor in the Gov-
ernment.
1 claim that this opinion is just upon the high-
est authority. No less a statesman than Mr.
Madison said:
"The claims from which France was released were ad-
mitted by France; and the release was for a valuable con-
