1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. op Reps.
besides, we find growing out of this, that hun-
dreds of thousands of foreigners are flocking to us
every year*, that foreign paupers are by thousands
and thousands being set upon our shores. In fact,
I find from the best official statements, that the
number of foreign emigrants that came to this
country from June 1, 1850, to December 31,1851,
was five hundred and fifty-eight thousand; for the
year 1852, three hundred and seventy-five thou-
sand; for the year 1853, three hundred and sixty-
eight thousand; for the year 1854, nearly the same.
The war in the East diminished the number, but I
venture the prediction that between the years 1850
and 1860 there will have come to this country for-
eigners enough to place in each of twenty new
States more population than is now in the Terri-
tory of Kansas. These foreigners make their way
mainly to the Territories, or crowd into the free
States, occasioning increased emigration from
them.
These facts being undeniable, I submit, how
important it is for our southern politicians to turn
tlieir attention to them! While the people of the
North were willing to dispense with and check
tins immense immigration among them, for rea-
sons of a social character, to diminish their taxes,
prosecutions, and the inmates of their poor-
houses jails, and penitentiaries, I respectfully ask,
why should not the South, to a man, for reasons
as well understood as expressed, have joined in
this great movement ? and if in the first movements
and organizations any rules were adopted too strict
or too stringent to be generally enforced, or too se-
vere on the honest immigrant, to have given their
potent aid and influence in modifying the same,
so as to have carried most useful results to our
beloved South? But it has been their pleasure to
pursue a different course, and the results thereof
have, in no small degree, contributed to the em-
barrassing circumstances that now seem to gather
around us and swallow up our influence in the
national council. The argument has been, "settle
and populate the Territories," forgetting the fact
that in the last seventy-five years our population
has increased from three to some twenty-seven
millions, ninefold, and if the same ratio ofincreasc
shall obtain for the next seventy-five years, the
result will be nine times twenty-seven millions,
showing how important these Territories may be
(sold at reasonable prices paid into the Treasury)
for the homes of our own posterity, and of honest
worthy foreigners, who come to us as they did in
former days, from a love of our free Government,
and who are willing to settle among us, sure of
being protected in all their rights of lehgion and
property, and who arc willing to wait until they
have. understood and beeomc familiar with our
people and their institutions before claiming the
right to participate in their government.
These suggestions I have made to southern gen-
tlemen here, and throughout the slave States, that
on reflection they may determine whether they
have not been remiss m failing to come to the aid
of a cause quite material to southern influence and
southern interests.
i was very much entertained, Mr. Chairman,
by the speech of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[a!i\ Sandidge,] and, if I had time, I should like
to incorporate at least half of it in mine, to show,
in addition to the millions that have already come,
how many more millions of paupers are to come
under our present system of inviting them to come
here.
But, Mr. Chairman, what is it that we have
been discussing here for the last ninety days?
This discussion has been either intentionally or
Accidentally conducted so as to bring out the ex-
treme sectional views of gentlemen from the South
and from the North. It is onlv within the last
eight or ten days that any conservative man has '
been permitted to address the House on this agi-'
tated question. It is said that this is a question !
whether any more slave States shall come into .
this Union, and speech after speech is made and I
sent to the South to tell the southern people that 1
we are solemnly debating in the House of Rep- j
resentatives the naked question whether any more
slave States shall come into the Union. 1
Why, Mr. Chairman, if that were true, if that,
were the only question here, it might have been !
within twenty-four hours afrer this debate
commenced. If that were the only question, I
take it that all our American friends would vote
for it; every man from the South would vote for
it; I know that our Douglas Democrats would vote
for it; and I am inclined to think that the Free-
Soil wing of the Democracy—these Buffalo plat-
form men—could be got to vote for it, with a
Green amendment. That is my opinion.
But, Mr. Chairman, is that the question? On
what has this debate arisen ? On the special mes-
sage of the President. Does he say that whether
there shall be any more slave States is the ques-
tion ? No, sir; that message, as I understand it,
means these two things—and it means nothing
more and nothing less—to the South, " come in
Lecompton," and to northern gentlemen, 4 * it is
the surest and readiest way, and the only certain
way, in which you can confiscate southern prop-
erty and get clear of negroes in Kansas.'' I have
listened to gentlemen here professing great regard
for the interests of the South, and, while ali of
them have been eloquent on the first part of the
picture, they have all, save and except a gentle-
man from the chivalrous State of South Carolina,
passed over that portion as tenderly as sucking
doves. [Laughter.] I will read from the Presi-
dent's message, in order that there may be no mis-
take about it:
" As a question of expediency, after the right has been
maintained, it may be wise to reflect upon the benefits to
Kansas and The whole country, which would result from its
immediate admission into the Union, as well as the disas-
ters which may follow its rejection. Domestic peace will
be the happy consequence of its admission : and that fine
Territory, which has* hitherto been toin by dissensions, will
lapidly i .crease in population and wealth, and speedily re-
alize the blessings and the comfoits which follow in the tram
ol agricultural and mechanical industry. The people will
thou he sovereign, and can regulate their own atfaits in
their own way. If a majority of them desire to abolish do-
mestic t-lavery within the State, there is no othei possible
mode by which tilts can be effected --o speedily as by t>tompt
admission. The will ot the majority is supreme and irre-
sistible, when expicssed in an oulcily and lawful manner.
They can make and unmake constitutions at pleasure, it
would be absuid to say that they can impose fetters upon
their own power which they cannot afterwards remove. If
they could do this, they might tie their own hands for a bun-
dled as well as for ten yeats. These are fundamental prin-
ciples of Amencan freedom, and aie recognized, I believe,
in some l'oim or other, by every State constitution ; and if
Congiess, in the act of admission, should think proper to rec-
ognue them, I can perceive no objection to such a eomse.
This has been done emphatically in the constitution of Kan-
sas. It declares in the bill of rights, that' all political power
is inherent in the people, and all free governments are
founded on their authonty, and instituted for their benefit,
and therefoie they have at all times an inalienable and in-
defeasible light to alter, reform, or abolish their form ot gov-
ernment in Mich manner as they may think piopei.' The
great State of New York is at thV* moment governed tinder
a constitution framed and established m direct opposition
to the mode pie>cubed by ihc previous constitution. If,
therefoie, the provision changing the Kansas constitution
after the year 3K64, could by possibility be construed mtoa
piobibition to make a change previous to that penorl, this
piohibilioii would be wholly unavailing. The Legislature
already elected may, at its very fiist session, submit the
question to a vote of the people, whether they will or will
not have a convention to amend theii constitution, and
adopt all necessary means for giving effect to the popular
i will.
j " It has been solemnly adjudged, by the highest judicial
! tubunal known to om laws, that slaveiy exists m Kanssn
] by vutue of the. Constitution of the United States. Kan-as
: is, therefoie, at this moment, ac much a slave Stare as Geor-
gia or South Carolina. Without this, the equality of the
sovereign State-j composing the Union would be violated,
and the use and enioyuient of a Teiruory, acquired by the
| common tiea^ure of ali the States would he closed against
the people and the pioporty of neaily half the members of
the Confederacy."
And then he concludes with this very cheering
doctrine for southern men and southern interests:
" Slavery can. therefore, never be prohibited m Kansas,
except by means of a constitutional provision, and in no
other manner can this be obtained so piomptlv, if a mainly
of the people desire it, as by admitting it into the Union un-
der its present constitution."
The President points out the way in advance.
He stimulates the Free-Soilers in Kansas to dis-
like the constitution. Ho requests this prompt
means of getting slavery out of Kansas to be rec-
ognized in the bill of admission.
Here is the message. I submit it to the chair-
man, to the committee, and to southern men—
suppose, that instead of having the name of James
Buchanan attached to it, it had had the name of
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, Joshua
R. Giddin'GS at the end of it, I ask, if that name
had been attached, whether it would not have
been an entirely different case? We would pro-
nounce it a rank abolition document. And yet,
sir, our southern friends come up hcie and talk
about associating with Abolitionists, and of hug-
ging abolition doctrines as a sweetmorsel! Why,
Mr. Chairman, the whole thing in that message
is, "in with Kansas—out with slavery in Kansas;13
and identically the same thing is in the Senate bill,
that the South is called upon to rally as one man
to the support of. I have asked many of our Le-
compton friends if this Green amendment, which
they have got in the bill, speaks the language of
this message? Some say no, others say it does;
arid there is another class who give the answer the
girl gave to her mother, when asked, if a certain
gentleman was courting her; she replied, ** it is a
sorter so, and a sorter not so, and rather more a
sorter so than a sorter not so." [Laughter.] Now,
that amendment is a very little thing—only a few
lines. There is not much of it, but I tell you I
never read it over but it reminds me very much
of the boy who was scolded for not malting the
potato hills on a wet morning large enough.
" Well, dad," said he, " itis a fact that they are
small, but 1 tell you they have got a darned sight
of dirt in them." [Laughter.] Sir, if this is a pill
gilded over to make it acceptable to some Green
men, southern men ought to be ashamed of it. I
know that this peculiar policy is practiced in our
little electioneering scuffles in our country, and I
suppose everywhere else, but I never supposed it
ought to obtain in the Congress of our nation.
Once when I charged a friend of mine with hav-
ing said some foolish things in a speech which he
had made, and told him that I thought he had
hurt our cause, he said: "Ah, Gilmer, you do
not know the folks as well as 1 do. A great many
people are like a nest of young birds; if you tap
the side of the tree, they'll open their mouths,
and swallow the worm down." [Laughter.]
Southern men supposed that we had got some-
thing by the Drcd Scott decision. I, for one,
as a southern man, thought we had obtained
something ; I thought that we had got upon safe
ground ; that we had perfect equality in the Ter-
ritories ; that we could go there with our insti-
tutions and our property, and be just as safe
there as the men who go there from any other
section with any other species of property. But
if this is the meaning, if this is the result of the
Dred Scott decision, then those of us who go into
the Territories with our slave property, have to
run two chanccs—first that the people may ex-
clude us when they come to form their constitu-
tion, and if they do not run us out at first, then
whenever the majority of the people desire it,
they may run us and our negroes out. And this
is the doctrine upon which the South is to stand;
this is the doctrine, mark you, which Alabama
and other States are to go out of the Union on,
if they cannotget. It is not from any objection to
the constitution of Kansas, that I, as a southern
man, oppose her admission. I would be pleased
that we could fairly and properly get slavery per-
manently in Kansas. But I object to this doc-
tiine, that wo can be protected in our property
while in partnership during the territorial state,
but the moment we become an incorporation—a
vState—every man that owns joint stock is in-
stantly liable by constitutional provision to have
his property confiscated. And this is the doctrine
which we have been toldhere, monthafter month,
and day after day, that every southern man must
stand upon; otherwise he is an Abolitionist and
opposed to the interests of the South!
Mr. Chairman, what is the question which has
agitated the country for the last four years? It ia
one that has taken up the entire attention of Con-
gress. We have been figuring about it until, I
believe, not only the country but the Government
itself is upon the vergeof bankruptcy. This ques-
tion commenced with two faces—one for the Free-
Soil Democrats of the North, and one for the
South; and the sameadentical double face is in this
bill, and I will detain the committee only for a
moment, while I refer them to some history of it.
We had our troubles some years ago growing out
of the discussion of the compromise measures. In
January, 1851, the venerable fathers of the land,
Whigs and Democrats, gathered together, with
Henry Clay at their head, and drew up a pledge
to the country that from and after that day their
influence would be exerted against every man for
office, State or Federal, who would refuse to stand
upon the platform of the adjustment measures of
