236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
our labors in courage and in faith to the end, which
cannot be afar off. Courage and faith, Republi-
cans ! Remember the powers that work with you,
and that
" Your friends arc exultations, agonies,
And love, and man's unconquerable niind."
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. GROESBECK obtained the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. If thegentleman from Ohio
does not wish to go on this afternoon, 1 desire,
with his permission, to occupy the floor for a mo-
ment or two.
Mr. GROESBECK yielded the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the questions which seem to be relevant to
the proposition now before this body; but I de-
sire to avail myself of this occasion to make an
appeal to the House in behalf of the interests of
the country, or at least, that portion of those
interests which is, in part, committed to my
care.
The committee must be aware, sir, that all the
standing committees of this House have now been
organized and ready to proceed with the transac-
tion of business for nearly one month, and that
they are unable to proceed with the consideration
of a single one of those great measures of national
policy which are at tins time so urgently demand-
ing the attention of this body.
Now, sir, debate such as we have had for the
last two or three days, in the absence of all offi-
cial information upon the points which have been
under discussion, might, under ordinary circum-
stances,not materially impede the public business
of the country; but at this time, as every gentle-
man must be aware, every hour consumed in this
discussion is not only time thrown away, but the
waste of that time tends to impede the public
business. Take, forexample, the Committee on
Military Affairs, of which I have the honor to be
a member. The committee must be aware that
one of our Territories is in a condition of armed
rebellion against the Government. The Admin-
istration being ignorant of the extent of the hos-
tile and treasonable designs of the people of that
Territory, but a comparatively small force was
sent out there, and it is now locked up in the
mountains, incapable of reaching the seat of the
rebellion,or of encountering the legions that those
rebels are prepared to pour down upon it. The
President of the United States has called upon
Congress for an additional force of lour regiments.
Those regiments ought to be created by law,and
organized, if Congress intends tu do it at all, in
this month of January, otherwise it will be im-
possible to have them filled and prepared for action
by the month of May. And yet, sir, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has no power or au-
thority to act upon that important measure, thus
demanded by the exigencies of the country, be-
cause of this debate. This debate stands m the
way of the whole business of the country.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the genLleman permit
me to correct him in one respect.?
Mr. FAULKNER. I have but a few more re-
marks to make.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely desire to propound
this interrogatory to thegentleman: whether his-
tory does not show that in past Congresses the
President's message has not always been referred?
I can show the gentleman by the history of past
Congresses, that I can have the floor to-day upon
the President's message of 1838. [Laughter.]
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, i do not know what
may have been the case in past Congresses; but
it is certainly the rule of tins body, with winch
the gentleman from Ohio is well acquainted, that
a committee has no power to originate matters of
legislation that have not been referred to it; and
unless the reference is made, 1 ask how the com-
mittees can act ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not design to arrest
discussion. All this discussion can proceed when
the President's message comes in on Monday, or
at other opportune times. But 1 say that the effect
of prolonging this discussion now, is to impede
business, notwithstanding the fact stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, that these measures might
possibly be got before the committees in some
other mode. It is by the reference of the President's
message to the various committees of this body
that the subjects of legislation are properly placed
before those committees for action.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will explain, if the gentle-
man will permit me.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not wish any expla-
nation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I said what I did to show
that the action of the committees cannot be delayed
by this discussion. All these subjects are before
the committees. It has been the uniform practice
for the committees to act on the matters embraced
in the message without any special reference of
those matters to them.
Mr. FAULKNER. That manifestly cannot
be the case, because, by the rules of the House
which every gentleman here has read, commit-
tees are forbidden to act on any subject which has
not been referred to them by the House. How,
then, I ask, can the Committee on Military Af-
fairs act upon this important subject of the organ-
ization of four additional regiments for Utah in
the absence of any reference of the subject to
them ? We meet regularly twice a week; But we
have no business before us, and the other com-
mittees are in the same position.
I hope, therefore, that in consideration of the
public interests, the House will arrest the debate
at this stage of the proceedings and permit the
reference of all these subjects to the respective
committees, and then, when the President's mes-
sage comes in, this subject will be legitimately
before us for discussion, and will not interfere
with and frustrate the necessary legislation. And
now, sir, with the consent of the gentleman from
Ohio, I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed thei.cha.ir, the Chairman [Mr. Phelps]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the United States, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
CLOSE" OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the usual
resolution to close debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Presi-
dent's annual message in thirty minutes after the
committee shall again resume its consideration.
Mr HOUSTON". The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Groesbecic] is entitled to one hour.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I was not aware
of that fact. 1 will modify the resolution so as to
make it read in one hour instead of thirty min-
utes; and I demand the previous question.
Mr. GROW. 1 move that the House do now
adjou rn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If we adjourn
now, will the resolution come up the first thing
on Monday morning?
Mr. GROW. Certainly it will.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Hickman
and Bliss were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
accordingly (at four o'clock) adjourned until
Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 11, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. A. G. Carothers. 1
The Journal of Thursday last was read and '
approved. <
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
; a message from the President of the United States,
i transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of tho
. Senate of the 28th of February last,all the cone- '
j spondence of John W. Geary, late Governor of '
, the Territory of Kansas, nothcretoforc communi- 1
' cated to Congress; which, with the accompany- ;
! ing documents, was, on motion of Mr. Wilson-, j
| referred to the Committee on Territories; and a j
I motion by him to print it, was referred to the Com- !
i mitteo on Printing. j
j Pie also laid before the Senate a report of the j
' Secrctaiy of War, communicating, in compliance ■
| with a resolution of the Senate, the estimates j
j which have at any time been made for improve-  
! ments of rivers and harbors within the State of j
! New York; which was, on motion of Mr. Sew- !
ard, order to He on the table; and a motion to
print it was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, communicating,
in obedience to law, copies of accounts of persons
charged with the disbursement or application of
moneys, goods, or effects, for the benefit of the
Indians during the year ending 30th Juno, 1857,
together with a list of the names of the persons
to whom goods, moneys, or effects have been de-
livered during that period; which was, on motion
of Mr. Seward, referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolutions
of the Academy of Science of St. Louis, in favor
of the publication of Dr. Evans's report of the
geological survey of Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories, made by him under the authority of the
Government; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Christian Hansen, praying for the establishment
of an ocean mail route between New York and
Gluckstadt, on the Elbe, via Plymouth and Rot-
terdam, and making proposals for carrying the
mails between those places; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Mrs.
McCrabb, widow of John McCrabb, late a quar-
termaster in the Army, praying for compensation
for certain services rendered by her husband in
the line of his duty, in the State of Florida; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of William D.
Moseley, praying to be released from a contract
for furnishing live-oak for a sloop-of-war, as-
sumed by him as surety, but which he is unable
to complete; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Allans.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the.claim of George Phelps; which, with his
petition on file, were referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented a paper in relation to the
establishment of a mail route from Bay Port to
Clair Water harbor, in Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of Ebene-
zer Higgms, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of the
Calhoun County Agricultural Society, in Michi-
gan, praying that a liberal donation of public land
may be made to that and other States for the pro-
motion of agricultural education; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of the State Agri-
cultural Society of Michigan, praying for a lib-
eral donation of public lands for the promotion of
agricultural education in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presentedapetition of citizens ofMichi-
gan, praying that bounty land may be granted
to those who did military duty during the dis-
turbance on the Canada frontier, known as " the
Patriot War," in the year 1838; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Benjamin Ward, a pnvateersman in the last war
with Great Britain, praying that pensions and land
may be granted to him and other Americans who
were imprisoned at Dartmoor; which was leferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORYpresented the petition of Sam-
uel James, Ignatius Lucas, and others, praying
for compensation for services as day watchmen
in the Navy Department; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GREEN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Missouri in favor of the erection ot a
building for the use of the United States courts
and post office at Jefferson City; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of Jervis M. Barker; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Edward
