2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
siasm of a people who had just adopted the new
system for themselves. Our citizens would have
cordially seconded the determination of the Gov-
ernment to maintain the treaties, if it had been
expedient so to act; or even more directly to have
aided the cause, now being pressed forward with
herculean energy by our devoted friends. But
the United States Government wisely—perhaps
sternly—insisted upon a consuuctive neutrality,
in direct violation of our treaty engagements
though it was. To this day the popular will
appears to be disregarded by the Government,
perhaps from the best and wisest of motives. It
is not strange that it should have been so in the
days of our infancy.
Expediency sometimes subordinates principle,
ffcom necessity, I am bound to presume. This
may have been as true sixty years ago as it is
to-day. Congress never declared war against
Prance*, but Congress, if neeo^-nry, could have
done it in all the time fioni 1793 to 1800. But,
sir, where is the war-making power? I find it
vested in Congress; and before it is enforced it
must have formal expression. The Constitution
settles the point. Some of its provisions are easily
understood, and this is one of them. It says that
Congress shall have power " to declare war, grant
letters of marque and reprisal, and make ruled
concerning captures on land and water." There
is no record of a declaration of war by act of Con-
gress, and no present recollection of thecxi^tencc
of even an informal war, properly so called, that
I know of.
But if a treaty of peace was negotiated by our
envoys in 1800,1 should, as a mutter of pride,
like io know which party claimed to have suc-
ceeded against the other m the contest, and which
finally got the better 11 the negotiation of the treaty
of peace. However, thcie is no need of my say-
ing more upon this point. If war existed between
France and the United States from 1798 to 1801,
there would have been no occasion for suspend-
ing intercourse, by legislative enactment, from
year to year; nor would it be at all necessary for
Congress to pass an act to declare the treaties no
longer binding upon our Government. The war
itself would have put an effectual end to all ordi-
nary international engagements between belliger-
ent partes.
Rut, sir, if war did actually exist, then I assert
that the convention restored the validity of the
claims on both sides by its careful and prompt ;
consideration of them, and final dismissal of all ,
obligations on either side growing out of treaties,
infractions, or spoliations. •
The first proposition made by the French nego-
tiators was in the following language, as contained ,
in a note of the 11th August, 1800: |
'■ til the tint place, they will irw^t upon the principle ai- j
ready laul (km n m the lot nier note, viz : That flic tre.tin-a ;
whteh united Fiance and tilt* tinned States aie net t-iol.en ;
that even -v/reouUl not have b;oken rheui ; bat that the :
.«Mte of miMinder-NUindmir winch ha-* existed lor some time :
between I'Yui'-e and the United States, In the a<. Nofs-omo ,
rather than the will oi'lhe icsprctive (Joveimnents i
has not been a htatc oi' war, ai least on the side ot' Krauee. ;
"" (t the lellccnons presented on this Mihjei i in the note [|
of the Vrcnch Minister-*, of 8th of the present month, ||
r suffice to iead ihe Ministers of the United St ites to the ae- j:
knowledsmentof the neaties. the fust consequence which li
will leMilt hom them, and which the Mim-tcis of Franco j.
will he engpr to recognize anew, is., that the parties on both i
side^ ought to be compensated for tin* damage; which have :
been mutually canned by their niisimdeistamlnii;." I
Here we sne that the French Government did
not recognize war as existing; but while claiming !
that the treaty advantages were perpetual, that
Government was still ua^erto recognize anew the
damages which u had been mutually caused by the I
lahmidtrdanding.*1 In response to the above prop-
osition our envoys replied:
I. L°l it bo declaied that th" tbimer tieurie^ are renewed
and cov'inncJ. and shall have the j-atne eilect as if no nn-~
unu-T-.taridmq between the two Power- had intervened, ex-
cept Jar <ia they may be detogatfd Irom by the piosunt
ti'Miy "
Iiere seems to be a perfect restoration of the
treaty stipulations, by and with the consent of the
American lYIinisfers, and an acknowledgment of
mutual ivponsibihfies not atall likely to come in
at. the heel of a general war, unless it is suggested
that our envoys acknowledged every point, in dis-
pute on their side, without a corresponding ac-
knowledgment on the part of France. Such an
understanding of the case would hardly be le-
garded as complimentary to the spint of our en-
voys. It it:, sir, by nu means dilueuk to catabh&h
the only fact necessary to our purpose. Our sole
ground of complaint against Prance was on ac-
count of the capture of our vessels in time of peace,
and a violation of our asserted right of neutrality,
and of the law of nations; and yet the convention
made no distinction between captures made before
July 7, 1798, and those made after that date. It
would appear that, if the existence of a partial
war, under the act of 1798, annulled the treaties,
and made the capture of our commerce legal, under
the license which a general war affords to bellig-
erent parties, that same distinction should have
been made between the captures made prior, and
those which were made subsequent, to the decla-
ration. If a war existed, it was to enforce pay-
ment for plundered property; and yet we made no
distinction between that which was plundered be-
fore the passage of the act of 1798 and that which
was legally captured under the rule of maritime
warfare, which was not plundered, in the same
sense of the term as the other. If weacknowledge
a state of war, we must show why we made war;
if only for indemnity for property unlawfully
seized, then we must have received satisfaction,
or we were beaten in the war or in the diplomacy
which followed it. If we received the money,
where is it? If we did not receive it, why do we
not yet about getting it now, provided we assort
that the claims are not out oh* by the convention
of 18;)i)-lS01 ? 33ut [ must pens from this point.
There is, sir, another objection sometimes sug-
gested in reference to the payment of these claims
—one, in fact, which is often urged, and with con-
sideiablc efteet. It is, that the claims have passed
outof the hands ofihoorigmal owners; thatagents
have stepped in between the panics; that under-
wwteis have paid in some cases-, and hence, the
merchants being m some way satisfied , it is there-
fore not binding upon us to provide for payment
of the claims at all. These premises are not
sound, to begin with. The claims have not passed
out of the hands of the original owners, generally
spe<iku<g. I kit suppose it were otherwise: what
would that have to do with the justice of the
claims ? Can we exonerate oat selves by any such
pretext as this ? If I employ an agent, have 1
not a right to tiansfer my interest in a claim in-
trusted to him for settlement; and if I am poor and
needy, and he comes to mv aid at my solicitation,
is he not rather lo be regarded a public benefac-
tor than an outlaw ? Should 1 not thank lum for
talcing the risk of getting hi«j money in the ordi-
nary course of justice, if he does it lor my accom-
modation ' And have I not a right to take for
my claim what I can gel, without the consent of
my debtor ? And is ihe debtor any poorer for
paying the agent than he would be if he paid the
money into my own hand? And is there any
law of the land which forbids such transfer of a
claim'' If every dollar of the spoliation claim
was owned by one man, the principle involved
would not be altered in the least decree, nor could
we honorably withhold ample and complete sat-
isfaction, provided we in any case admit the jus-
tice of the chums against the Government.
As to undeiwntets, J believe the law protects
them. { understand their business to be bgai: and
if they luue a risk v inch leqaues them to pi oteet
the merchant, and if the pfupeity insured is for-
mally abandoned to the underwriter, then, under
any and all circumstances, he is entitled to the
advantages nt.d chances of saving what he can
from ton wreck. If anything could ultimately
accrue to the benefit of the merchant if he had not
been insured, tt certainly belongs to the under-
writer, in cases where property has been paid for.
A board of underwriters, or an insurance com-
pany, only represents a consolidated interest for
convenience sake. individuals toe behind ihe
works; and if gr^e-i loste.es occur to stock oiliccs
or those insuring on the mutual plan, the lories
alter all affect the individual who owns the stock
or subscribes to the plan of thn mutual otfice, and
he gains or loses according to the fortunes of the
company m which he is interested. It so happens
that my constituents are interested m the passage
of this bill, and for them 1 speak, because I think
their claims just. An attempt has been made from
time to time to bring distrust upon the spolia-
tion claims, by placing them amongst the meas-
ures sometimes styicd lobby schemes. While 1
recognize the right of the people to throng every
avenue to this Copuol, if they desire legislation,
1 have only met one man who is acting aa an
agent in urging the passage of this bill, and his
chax*acter for probity is above suspicion. There
has never been a question before Congress that
awakens such general interest among the people
as this spoliation question,and for reasons which
are very natural. It has been the theme of con-
versation at every fne-Side in the old States; and
the generations of fifty ycai s must all disappear,
before the interest which tradition has thrown
around the subject is broken and destroyed."
But it is useless to dwell upon this point. I
know that the claims generally are in the hands*
of the original owners, or their heirs.
Mr. Chairman, the exact extent of the liability
of the Government in matters where the interest
of the citizens is concerned, is perhaps an open
question—one to be considered and settled accord-
ing to circumstances. As a general principle of
Government, we know where the responsibility
rests in this connection. Some say the Govern-
ment is not bound to collect the debts of the citi-
zens. Possibly not, if these debts are the legit-^
imate result of trade and commerce; but how is
it when we find our property violently seized by
the subjects of a foreign Government, with whom
we are at peace ? and especially how is it when we
formally agree to collect money for indemnities,
and as formally encourage adventure. We find
m Mr. Jefferson's letter, to which I have referred,
this language:
•c I have it in eharjjo ftom the Piepident to a^ure the mcr-
chantftOi ihe United Stutes concerned m foici^n commerce
or n.Lvnratt'iii, that duo attention will he paid to any lnjuues
tnovmav ..utfei on the hi^h seas, or hi foreign countries,
con tiai \ to the law ot nations or to existing treaties ; and
that, on their loi ward mcr hither w* 11 authenticated evidence
of the same, piopei proceedings will be adopted for their re-
lief "
Now, sir, if there is any force in the objection
often suggested, to the payment of these spolia-
tion claims, I think it is. set aside by the fact that
the Government, in official form, promised pro-
tection, not only to that portion of our citizens
who had already suffered by the seizure of ves-
sels by French privateers, but by the promise
of protection to all who might desire to con-
tinue their trade and commerce as previously car-
ried on, which promise appears m the letter to
which I have alluded, assuring the merchants of
Charleston,South Carolina, and through them the
whole United States, that due attention will be
given to their rights and interests. If the under-
standing that the Government protects the citizen
against foreign aggression is not so general as to
cover the case in question, I think the extract
which I have read forces the conclusion, or at least
strengthens the suggestion, that the United States
is bound hj pccudar obligations to stand by the
claimants for French spoliations, amounting al-
most to a liability for debts for captures, without
reference to whether we received consideration for
them or not.
Hut, sir, there is a class of persons who pretend
that those claims are noi due, because they have
not been paid. Tins aigument is a little remark-
able, it seems to me. Because the United States
Government ha*, to u^e nautical parlance, by
backing and filling,and veermgand hauling, man-
ng"d to fr.-t through fifty years without doing jus-
tice to ckvmants, therefore the presumption is that
the Government was never bound, or, if ever, is
not now bound to pay: 1 do not find much to
support such an idea as this, either in the shape
of evidence or sound logic. It is no fault of the
claimants that they have riot been paid. The sub-
ject was presented in the House of Representa-
tives as early as 180*2, in the form of a resolution :
That it ia proper to make provi -ion by law towaids fn-
d<j! ni!yn)^ the rnei chant* of the United States fot losses
Mirtamed hy tii'-nn from Fieueh spoliations, the chum? foi
which loh.stw have he^n renounced iv the final rat'Jlcutionof
Hoc convention u ilk Fiance^ at published by proclam-dion of
tic l'i f'nJent of tkc United Z>tutes.y>
The motion to postpone this resolution v/aslost
hy a vole of 54 to 33, and only so lost because a
leading political question supervened to overrule
action, at present,upon the spoliation matter. So
it appears that these claimants were early in the
field, and nearly every Congress since has had
the matter under consideration in some form.
Mr. Chairman, I have no desire at this time to
say more concerning the facts in the case. It is
my opinion, that if we regard all the circumstances
involved, we shall come to the conclusion that
upon the United States Government rests more
than a common liability. There is a moral, as
