1824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
that conclusion by insertinga provision that noth-
ing contained in the bill shall be construed to ad-
nut three members from Minnesota. I am very
sine that if his amendment be adopted, and the
bill be passed in that shape, Minnesota would have
but one member under the law, as it would then
stand according to the enabling act. If we are to
be governed strictly by that, I suppose Minnesota
can have but one Representative. The provision
of the enabling act is, that she shall have one, and
such additional Representatives as the census
ordered by that act shall show her to be entitled
to. Now, the census taken under that act, and
returned here, does not show population enough
for an additional member; and if, therefore, we
decide the question according to the strict terms
of that law, she will be restricted to one member.
If we send the bill in that shape to the House of
Representatives, the House will have no discre-
tion to go beyond the law. The two Houses of
Congress, by law, may say we have satisfactory
evidence outside of the ccnsus, unofficial evidence,
that justifies us in disregarding the official, and
assigning to Minnesota two or three Represent-
atives; but if the law provides that she shall have
only such number as the census returns show that
she is entitled to, and those returns only show
that she is entitled to one member, the House of
Representatives cannot go beyond that one.
I think, therefore, the effect of the proposition
of the Senator from Georgia is to restrict the num-
ber to one, and to give the House of Representa-
tives no discretion beyond that number. I know
that he does not intend that result; I know he does
not desire it; but such, it strikes me, will be the
legal effect of the proposition. According to the
terms of the provision, as it is now in the bill,
which I move to strike out, I think the House of
Representatives would be restricted to the admis-
sion of one member. If we say that Minnesota
shall have as many members as she is entitled to
by the census which has been taken, and if we
are to decide according to the terms of that cen-
sus as they are before us, she is technically enti-
tled to but one member. I think we may act on
other information that is satisfactory to us; that
convinces us that, although the census shows a
population of only one hundred and forty-nine or
one hundred and fifty thousand, she has largely
more than that, probably two hundred and twenty
or two hundred and forty thousand. I think we
may act upon that evidence, which, though un-
official, is yet satisfactory to us, and allow to Min-
nesota a proportionate number of Representatives.
I go for the additional member on that kind of
evidence—the same that I acted upon in the Texas
case and the California case—to which I referred
yesterday; but, if we are to confine ourselves to
the technicalities of the law, she will be restricted
to one member.
If we pass the bill with this section in its pres-
ent language, so that the House must be confined
to the technical language of the law, the House
must restrict her to one member. I have made
the motion to strike out, under the impression
that if wo admit the State without saying any-
thing on the subject, we give our assent to the
provision of her constitution for the election of
three members. The Senator from Georgia, how-
ever, thinks that would not be the effect; but that
in that event she would fall back on the enabling
act; and I think, under the terms of the enabling
act, she is confined to one member; in my opinion
unjustly confined to one. I am inclined to think,
therefore, that perhaps we had better make our
propositions specifically, and say that we will
give her three members, or if not three, that we
will give her two; or if we cannot agree to that,
we will give her one. I think we had better say
exactly what we are going to give, lest we may
have a result declared in the House of Repre-
sentatives dilfuient from that we intend. My im-
pression is, that the staking out of the second
section would, in effect, decide that she would
have three members; but I believe it is better to
say so distinctly, if we think she is entitled to
three; or if we cannot get three, then let us give
two; but let us not deceive ourselves by the terms
we may use, in regard to the effect of our own
action. I make these suggestions to the Senator
from Georgia, because he and I wish to arrive at
the same result by our action; and I hope he will
dircct his attention to the use of such phraseology
a«j will accomplish the object.
Mr. TOOMBS. I presume the Senator from
Illinois and myself desire to attain the same ob-
ject; but he having moved yesterday to strike out
this section with a view to allow three members
to Minnesota, and that motion having failed 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has not been voted upon.
The proposition to allow two members has failed;
but my proposition to allow three has not yet
been voted upon.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was informed that the vote
had been taken, and that the proposition had
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I knew the fate of my
motion, I should know exactly how to shape my
action.
Mr. TOOMBS. That being the case, I shall vote
for the motion to strike out, as I think the ques-
tion is one more properly to be settled by the
House of Representatives. I would leave that
House to determine it according to their judgment
of the facts under this law, or let them make a
new law on account of that one having been im-
properly executed; and when they send such a
law to us, I apprehend the Senate will be perfectly
willing to take it as they have passed it, they
beingjudges of the elections, qualifications, and re-
turns, of their own members. That question being
so peculiarly and constitutionally within their
jurisdiction, I choose to let them act upoa it with-
out being trammeled by any action of this body.
I do not regard the constitution of Minnesota as
in any way controlling this question. I think
that provision of the constitution entirely nuga-
tory. It is a question for the House of Repre-
sentatives, or for Congress; and I prefer that the
House should take into consideration all the cir-
cumstances. I am ready to vote for allowing
three members; but if that be not acceded to, I
will vote to leave the matter to be settled by the
House of Representatives. I know that the pop-
ulation of Minnesota is large, and increasing; and
I recollect that when Wisconsin was admitted,
the argument was expressly made that the rapid-
ity with which population was pouring in would
entitle her to more Representatives before the next
census; and she came in with three members, if
my memory does not fail me. This was unusual:
it was a larger number than any census which
had been taken would allow her; but on account
of her peculiar position and the rapid increase of
her population, she was allowed three members
of Congress. I think Minnesota ought to have
three members. I believe she has sufficient pop-
ulation for that. Supposing that this body had
already voted down the motion to strike out the
second section, and thinking it a more appropriate
question for the House of Representatives, I was
willing to leave it a blank, to be filled by that
House. The question not having yet been taken,
I shall vote for the motion to strike out when it is
taken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will make a proposition by
which, I think, we can get distinctly at the object.
Instead of moving merely to strike out the second
section, I propose to insert, in lieu of it, a pro-
vision that until the next general apportionment
theState of Minnesotashail have three Represent-
atives.
Mr. GWUXT. I hope that motion will prevail.
I wish to allow Minnesota three members, and I
shall do everything 1 can by my vote to accom-
plish that object. I do not place much reliance
on these census returns. I recollect that in the
case of California only ninety-two thousand peo-
ple were returned, when we had three hundred
thousand or four hundred thousand. It is evi-
dent that there is an immense emigration going
to Minnesota all the time, and before the next
census her population will be much more than
enough to entitle her to this number of members.
My State is entitled to six members at this time,
according to her population. I wish to give to
Minnesota the three members she has elected. I
believe that if the census were properly taken, it
would show that she has now population suffi-
cient for that. It is well known that it is very
difficult to take the census in a new State; it is
almost impossible to get the numbers of the en-
tire population.
Before taking my seat, I desire to ask the Sen-
atorfrom Illinois, the chairman of the Committee
011 Territories, what objection, if any, he has to
inserting in this bill, now when we are disposing
of the Territories that wish to become States, a
proposition to admit Oregon? We know that she
has gone through all the forms. I have her con-
stitution before me% It has been submitted to the
other House, and it certainly will be here very •
soon. There are none of the objections to her
admission that I have heard urge'd in regard to
other States; and it seems to me that this is the
proper time to dispose of the question. I hope
the Senator from Illinois will have no objection
to an amendment of that description to this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will say, in response to the
Senator from California, that I have not brought
up a proposition for the admission of Oregon, for
the reason that I have received no official inform-
tion that she has made a constitution. She has
sent no constitution here. We have no facts, no
evidence, before us, showing that to be the case.
Nor has the President so informed us; nor have
we any official information, from any source, on
the subject. Having learned, from the newspa-
pers, that a convention had been held there; that
it had formed a constitution, and it had been sub-
mitted to and ratified by the people, I have won-
dered why it was that it had not found its way
here. I spoke to the Delegate in the other House,
General Lane, about it, and I told him that I un-
derstood that he had presented it to the House of
Representatives. He said he had; but he thought
he had better let it sleep until the contest about
Kansas and Minnesota was over. I said to him
that whenever he desired action here, and would
furnish me with a copy of the constitution of
Oregon, properly certified, I would take great
pleasure in initiating the steps at once for her ad-
mission. He thanked me for the suggestion, and
said he would attend to it. He has not done so
yet, and hence we have nothing here to act
upon.
Mr. GWIN. I have made this suggestion at
the request of the Delegate from Oregon in the
other House. He has furnished me with a copy
of the constitution, which is here in House doc-
ument No. 58, and he requested that I should bring
the subject to the notice of the Senate. Like the
Senator from Illinois, I have been somewhat sur-
prised to fi nd that the subject has not been brought
before the Senate. The Delegate from Oregon
yesterday informed me that he would be excecd-
mgly glad if the question could be disposed of
now. There being no objection to Oregon that I
can see, it having gone through all those forms
the want of which has been objected to in Kan-
sas and Minnesota, the constitution having been
framed and submitted to the people in various
forms and voted upon, I thought the Senator from
Illinois, as chairman of the Committee on Terri-
tories, with this official document before him,
might frame an amendment to this bill by which
it could be brought in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should do so, but I have
never seen the constitution of Oregon. I do not
know what is in it; I do not know the boundaries
of the proposed new State; I do not know any-
thing concerning it. I have never set eyes on the
; document; and, if I should offer a proposition, it
| would be at random. I do not know whether her
constitution is such a one as I can sanction or not;
i but I suppose it is. I should think, however, the
) Delegate would present it to the Senate, and refer
j it to the committee. Let the committee read over
1 the constitution, and report the facts. I should
take great pleasure in calling a special session of
the committee at any moment for immediate ac-
tion upon it; and I would hurry it through as fast
as I could; but I do not feel authorized to take a
paper which I have never yet had an opportunity
of reading, and move the admission of a State on
it, when I do not know what it contained.
[ Mr. HUNTER. I hope there will be no effort
j to unite the two. In regard to the question of
j Minnesota, there is no doubt about it; all are pre-
; pared to vote for her admission; but there may be
some doubt in regard to Oregon. At any rate, the
constitution of that proposed State has not been
examined and investigated by the committee.
None of us have ever seen the facts (I have not,
for one) in regard to the constitution; nor have I
seen the constitution itself. I hope that the meas-
ures will be taken up separately. If application
is made for Oregon, let it be submitted to the com-
mittee and reported upon legularly, as a separate
measure. There is no doubt in regard to Min-
nesota; Congress has given its permission in ad-
vance in the shape of an enabling act; and if she
