1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
239
and without a record; they have since had an
open trial before a court authorized to keep a
record; and the President is of opinion that,upon
that open trial by that record, they ought to be
restored, but he cannot restore them. That is.all
that this resolution proposes to remedy.
An objection is made that the Presidenthasthis
power. The Constitution says that Congress has j
power "to make rules for the governmentand reg-
ulation of the land and naval forces." Under this
constitutional grant wc have provided that these
men shall be dropped. Have we not, by virtue
of the same authority, power to say that if the
President finds a man who has been dropped by
virtue of the law who ought not to have fceen
dropped, he may be restored ? Is not that a fair
exercise of the power granted by the Constitu-
tion to Congress " to make rules for the govern-
ment and regulation of the land and naval forces?"
For the reasons which I have stated, lam in favor
of the resolution; but I confess I do not exactly
understand the force of the amendment of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
believe that the President has the power without
the amendment, but I am not clear about it. I
hope this resolution will pass now, because, on
the 16th of January, the act of last year expires
by its own limitation, and the Naval Committee
will have to examine all these cases; and it will
be physically impossible for them to examine
them before that act expires. Congress—I speak
now as a matter of history—have permitted great
injustice to be done to these men; and the little
measure of justice we can mete out to them can
only be meted out by the passage of this joint
resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I agreed with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire m the principle which
he assumes as the foundation of all his remarks,
perhaps I might come to the same conclusion, I
was riot opposed to the passage of the act providing
for the naval board originally, because I believed
that something of the kind was very necessary;
and I am not, therefore, opposed to the act itself,
and all that has been done under it, and to every-
body that has done it. I believe that very much
good has been done, because,in my opinion, the
Navy needed weeding as much as any other
branch of the public service, if not more; and, al-
though it is possible that some injury may have
been done under it, Congress has taken care, or
has tried to take care, that all the evils thus done
shall be remedied.
As I remarked before, there have been two suc-
cessive trials of these gentlemen. The first was
said to be a very imperfect one, and Congiess at-
tempted to remedy it. They passed an act by
which every man deeming himselfaggrieved might
apply and have a trial before a tribunal where he
could be heard personally, and where he could
be heard by counsel; where he could introduce
evidence and have the matter decided without
favor, or affection,or dislike,or anyotherfeehng
which should not enter into the consideration of
a question of this description.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine allow me to ask him a single
question: whether, by the law, that court, when
organized, would have power to grant a new trial
if either of the parties who came before them,
for any reason had not a fair trial?
Mr. FES3ENDEN. All these courts which
have been held have now terminated; the time has
gone by. I do not know that there are any com-
plaints that all who applied did not have a per-
fectly fair opportunity to be heard and to be tried;
or that the court, when delay was requested, did
not grant it; or that anything else was done, of
which any man had a right to complain.
Now, sir, is there never to be an end to this
question? These naval gentlemen were before us
during the whole of the last Congress demanding
redress. Congress took care to give them an op-
portunity to have their wrongs redressed if they
had suffered wrong. We appointed courts of in-
quiry. There have been no complaints that I have !
ever heard that these courts were not constituted i
fairly and honestly, of honorable and lmpaitial ;
men. They have been heaid, and the results have j
been sent to the President. They have restored :
many; they have changed the positions of others; i
and they have left some others m theplaccs where i
the original commission placed them. If the prin-
ciple upon which Congress acted in the first in- I
stance was a correct principle, that such was the
situation of the Navy that it was necessary to have
a board which should place many of these per-
sons on the retired list or dismiss them, then
everything has been fully and fairly done, and
consequently there has been at least one fair and
impartial trial. What will be the necessary result
of passing this resolution? We are to have this
matter before us over again; very possibly we are
to have it before us on nominations to restore those
officers who have been left by the courts, as the
commission originally left them, to their old places.
What has taken place in the mean time ? We have
had a large increase of the list of captains of the
Navy—larger, I believe, than was allowed by the
original law; because the places originally made
vacant have been filled, and nowmanyof the offi-
cers are restored to their old places, thus increas-
ing the number. If we are to clothe the President
with power that he has not at present, the result
will be that he will be overborne with applica-
tions and remonstrances in regard to the last de-
cisions of the courts; the whole matter will come
before him again; influences will be brought to
bear on him to procure restorations; and we shall
have the two Houses agitated over and over again
with the same questions which agitated us during
the whole of the last Congress.
Now, sir, I do not believe that because certain
officers of the Navy have been retired or placed
on what is called the furlough list, and some dis-
missed, that, therefore, we are to presume that
great injustice has been done to those gentlemen.
It is very possible that in some individual cases,
there may have been an error; but the presumption
is in favor of the correctness of the proceeding.
Again, I am indisposed to the increase of Ex-
ecutive power in reference to appointments. As
the Constitution is construed and undeistood, the
President has power enough, and 1 am rather dis-
posed to limit it, if we can limit it, than to increase
it. We cannot limit the President's constitutional
power, but wc can possibly confer more. lam
opposed to it, especially in cases where I do not
believe he is so well capable of judging as otheis.
Originally he must judge of all nominations to be
made. He is the constituted tribunal to settle all
these matters in the first place, and must settle
them; the responsibility is on him; but after men
have been tried by their peers, by individuals ac-
quainted with the duties they have to perform,
and necessarily acquainted with their capacity,
from evidence and otherwise, to perform those
duties, and have decided this question, I do not
believe the President is so well able to judge of
the testimony, or so competent to overrule their
decisions as they are to make them in the first in-
stance. The answer which the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi made me, though it exhibits
very clearly what his design is, he will see does
not answer my objection. That objection is, that
if this question has been decided and the Presi-
dent has not the power of supervision now, which
he has m some cases, I am not disposed to amend
what he calls a defect in the law by giving him
that power. I would rather leave it as it is at the
present time, because [ believe that the decision is
much more liicely to be correct, as made by the
constituted tribunal than it would be if made by
him; for you must necessarily see that the Presi-
dent will be beset and surrounded by the indi-
viduals themselves, and their friends, influences,
not improper influences, but those which address
themselves to a man's better feelings, may be
brought to bear upon him, and I believe he would
be much more likely to do injury to the Navy, m
which Congiess and the people aie mteiested,
than to the individuals who are only interested
for themselves, and whose friends are particularly
interested for them
Mr. DAVIS. I believe I have been unfortunate
in statingmy position, asl perceive the gentleman
does not exactly understand it. What I say is,
that the President has the power of supeivision
now, that he has to examine and approve or dis-
approve the finding of the court; but if he disap-
proves, he can apply no remedy, however liaid the
case may be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that. What
would be the power conferred by the passage of
this resolution? It would be a power to supervise.
By " supervise,'5 I mean to change the decision
that has been made. He may not approve it; but
if he does not approve it, it does not change the
relative position of the officer. He stands under
the decision of the court, as I understand; but
this is a proposition to reverse the decision of the
court—a power which I am unwilling to confer.
I believe the great mistake which has been made
in this business from the beginning, in all the ar-
gument that has been had here, and all the excite-
ment which has grown up, and the greater part
of the denunciations which have been indulged
in with regard to this act, and what was done un-
der the act, arises from the sympathy which has
been excited in the minds of men with reference
to individuals; leaving too much out of sight the
real interests of the country. I do not believe that
so much harm has been done to the country by
the action of the retiring board. I believe great
good has followed from it. I was in favor of the
act. I th-ought it was abused, not intentionally,
but accidentally, if I may so express myself. I
voted for the bill which was passed to enable these
gentlemen to receive justice, if justice had not
been done. I believe, and I have heard no com-
plaint to the contrary, that there has been a fair
examination; that there has been a most anxious
desire to restore all who were deserving of restor-
ation; and that having been done, I see not why
we should be so anxious to afflict ourselves, and
to bring upon us the revision of the whole matter,
and trouble the Senate with investigating cases
which ought now to be considered as finally dis-
posed of. i adhere, therefore, to my original im-
pression, and hope the resolution will not be
adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. Tt is quite evident that wc
arc to be led into a debate. A number of other
gentlemen desire to speak on this question. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; let us pass the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. If there is any probability
of obtaining the vote on this question, 1 shall not ,
press my motion.
Mr. CLAY and others. Let us take the. vote.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment reported by the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to inquire whether the
joint resolution has undergone the scrutiny of the
"Committee on Naval Affairs ? My attention has
not been particularly directed to it.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. It wasreported this
morning by that committee.
Mr. BIGGS. This is an amendment proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs to the icsolution reported by the committee ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the amend-
ment, it is proposed to authorize the President to
reduce, at pleasure, the rank of those who have
been already disposed of by the action of the
naval board—to put them down, as well as up.
Mr. MALLORY. I will put my friend from
Virginia right. The Piesidcnt has no power,
under existing law, to take an officer who is re-
ceiving the pay of the reserved list and put him
on the furlough list, to receive its pay. I will
illustrate it by an example: A lieutenant on the
reserved list receives and upon the fur-
lough list, #600. The Secretary of the Navy,
from time immemorial in our service, has exer-
cised this very power of placing an officer on fur-
lough pay at his discretion. It has only been
exercised", however, where an officer has rendered
himself amenable to censure. I propose to give
the President of the United States power, when-
ever, in his judgment, the service may require it,
to take any officer who has subjected himself to
censure from the reserved list, and put him on the
furlough list, as heretofore has been the practice
of the Navv Department.
Mr. HUNTER. Then Innderstandithas been
the practice heretofore, under the general authority
given to the Secretary of the Navy, to put any
officer, whether in the active service or not, on the
furlough list. Whether this resolution passes or
not, that general power remains, and that is suf-
ficient.
Mr. MALLORY. It does not remain.
Mr. HUNTER. He may not be able to change
the status as fixed by the act of the retiring board,
but he can at any time transfer men from active
service to the furlough list.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, from active service.
