1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Miles.
Ho. of Reps.
the necessary seal which can alone authenticate it
and stamp it as the organic law, what is its status,
what its power to give life and consistency to the
body-politic, pending the affix of the broad seal
of the popular will ? Sir, it is either a constitution
from the moment of its formation, from the first
day of its birth, or it is waste paper—a still-born
child, into whose nostrils the popular aura can
never subsequently breathe the breath of life. It
cannot, by any force of imagination, be supposed
to be floating in nubibus for some indefinite time,
until called down to earth and made a real, liv-
ing thing. I look, sir, upon a convention as the
only practicable mode in which the sovereignty of
a popular, representative government can exert
and manifest itself. 1 say the only practicable
mode; for, doubtless, were it practicable for the
entire mass of the people to meet together, then
you would have sovereignty itself which resides in
the people. But as it is the very essence of pop-
ular government to act through representation,
so also from absolutely physical necessity sover-
eignty, like all other powers, must, for practical
purposes, be delegated and exercised through rep-
resentatives.
To talk about sovereignty being " indivisible,"
" a unit," &c., is, in my judgment, mere meta-
physical jargon. It is pure philosophical abstrac-
tion. As a philosophical abstraction, it is true,
sovereignty is an undivided whole, it cannot be
parceled out, or cut into parts; it is the life-giving
power, spirit, soul, which quickens and informs
the whole political organization. But it can only
be known by its attributes and their exercise, and
practically can only exhibit itself through agents,
just as the life of a man can only exhibit itself by
some external manifestations. It is undoubtedly
one of the highest prerogatives of sovereignty to
form and mold the constitution of the govern-
ment, and to change and overthrow it at pleasure.
But in the exercise of this unquestioned and in-
alienable right, it can surely impose restrictions
upon itself. If this be not so, then a constitution
is a mere empty nullity—a shifting vapor without
substance or reality. A constitution is not simply
an enumeration of rights and distribution of pow-
ers, but a system of chccks. It is not the mere
embodiment of the will and desires of a numerical
majority of the people who meet ill convention
through their delegates to frame it. One of its
highest and most sacred objects must always be
to protect the minority; to set up barriers for the
weak against the strong; to guard the majority
itself against its own tyranny and excesses. A
constitution which does not do this, is unworthy
of a free people. It can never be relied upon to
secure the blessings of " life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness" which the wise founders of the
greatest written Constitution which the world has
ever seen, have declared to be inalienable.
I have heard,sir, with surprise and amazement,
the light and almost flippant manner in which
many honorable gentlemen upon this floor have
spoken of changing and annulling constitutions,
at any time and upon the least provocation, by a
popular vote. Nothing but the fact that the tide
of party feelingis running so high that its hoarse
roar drowns for the time the quiet voice of reason,
can account for the rash and hasty expressions
of opinion to which I allude. Do those who con-
tend so broadly for the right of the people, at any
time, without restriction, to change their funda-
mental organic law at the instance of every tem-
porary whim or caprice, realize the momentous
consequences which may flow from such a dogma?
What safeguard have the rights of property, al-
ways in the hands of the minority, if this doctiine
be true ? What is to prevent the masses, inflamed
by the artful appeals of demagogues, from break-
ing down the barriers which hedge in property and
capital and establishing a community of goods—
inaugurating agrariamsm ? Beware, gentlemen of
the North—especially you who live in large cities
where millions are concentrated m the hands of a
few, and where a hungry-eyed mob are ever scowl-
ing at the luxury which tempts while it mocks
them; beware how you teach the laboring class,
outnumbering your millionaires thousandstoone,
so dangerous a lesson. What you "teach them
they may practice, and it shall go hard with you
but they will better your instructions."
I have faith, sir, in the honest instincts and just
intentions—-the desire to do right—of the great
mass of the people. If I had not, I would de-
spair of the experimentof self-government which
we have instituted upon a scale, and to an ex-
tent never before attempted. But if we desire
that great experiment to succeed—if we do not
wish to run into anarchy and popular despotism,
if we would not become a reproach and warning
to the nations—let us not flatter the people into
believing that they can do no wrong, thatthey can
put no bridle upon momentary starts of impulse
and passion, and that they can at any time shat-
ter the whole fabric of society at a single blow.
No, sir! He is the true friend of the people—the
real, constitution-loving, law-abiding people, in
their sober second thought, will recognize him
as their friend—who warns them against them-
selves, points out to them the danger which may
arise from sudden accesses of popular frenzy, and
urges them, in their calm moments, to put up
something securely o« the shelf in the inner adyta
of the temple of liberty, against the gloomy day
when the storms of faction and of anarchy may
threaten to ravage the land. But it may be asked,
Have not the people the right to abolish their
constitution, to sweep every vestige of it away;
to tear down, if it seems meet to them, their en-
tire political fabric, and erect on its ruins any—
the most fantastic structure—under which it may
please them to live?" Yes, they have this ulti-
mate right—Ike right of revolution; the right to re-
solve themselves into the primordial elements of
society; and form, without any restrictions, a new
social compact. But it is a dangerous state of
transition through which to pass—one too often
marked by blood and fire. It should be extreme
and dire necessity alone which would tempt them
to pass to the blue heights beyond—fancy-paintcd
too often—through n flood filled with swift whirl-
pools and treacherous quicksands. Still there are
times when it must be tried—though successfully
only then when cool heads and great hearts lead
on, cautiously feeling and sounding the way.
Sir, I have been trained in a school that looks
upon constitutions as sacred things, not to be ir-
reverently handled or lighily changed, and, I re-
peat, I have been surpnsedat the little respect or
regard which many gentlemen here seem to enter-
tain for them. That a constitution, duly formed
by the chosen delegates of the people, is, so soon
as formed, and without submission to a popular
vote, (especially where no such submission is
required by the act calling the convention,) the
supreme law of the land, I firmly believe. That
this constitution cannot be amended, save in the
precise form and mode prescribed by itself, I be-
lieve as firmly. That the constitution of Kansas,
with which she now applies for admission into this
Union, was duly formed by the chosen delegates
of the people, with the strictest observance of the
forms of law, has, again and again, been demon-
strated. That it does embody the will of that
portion of the people who were willing to conform
with the requirements of lawand erect themselves
into a State, there can be no doubt. That the only
portion of it which involved any vexed question
was, by the convention which formed it, fairly
submitted to the entire body of the people, is
equally certain. That because any — however
large a portion—of the people refuse to take part
in the formation of the constitution, or refuse to
vote upon the feature in it which involves the
whole question which has so long distracted the
Territory, that therefore Congress ought not to
listen to, or treat with, those who have steadily
and legally endeavored to form a State and enter
our Confederacy, is an argument as unreasonable
as the spirit which prompts it is factious. That
the provision of the constitution which prescribes
the vote of the Legislature necessary to call a con-
vention for the purpose of amending the constitu-
tion subsequent to 1864, does, by necessary and
inevitable implication, prevent a call of a conven-
tion by any vote prior to that period, is too plain
to admit of cavil. The argument that because the
provision says that after 1864 a convention can
only be called in a certain specified mode and by a
certain proportional vote, that, therefore, previous
to that time it may be called in any mode, and by
a bare majority, is, with all due deference to those
who use it, in my judgment a species of special
pleading little short of puerile.
Believing, sir, then, as I do, that the constitu-
tion of Kansas cannot be changed prior to 3864,.
I have been opposed to. any proviso in the biil of
ad mission which might seem to countenance in any
degree the contrary supposition. And although
it is contended that the proviso which has been
inserted in the Senate bill does not imply such a
supposition—expresses in fact no opinion on the
subject—and is intended to put on recoi d thatCon-
gress refuses to express any opinion, still, to every
one of plain judgmentit must be obviousthat the
very best way of avoiding an expression of opin-
ion is to say nothing. But we all know very well
that the words of the proviso have been inserted
with a distinct purpose. The object was to gain
the votes of northern Democrats by giving them a
clause upon which they might hang their own
conclusions; upon which they might go before
their constituents and say: " It is true we ad-
vocated the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, which instrument, on the
face of it, prohibits any amendment of itself (in
other words, the abolition of slavery) for a cer-
tain specified number of years; but then we have
taken care to have inserted in the bill of admis-
sion a proviso which, if it means anything, im-
plies at least a hint to the people of Kansas (one
which they will not be so foolish as to neglect)
that if they desire to change their constitution to-
morrow the assembled wisdom of the country
considers it an open question which they can de-
cide as they please without let, scruple, or hind-
erance." Is not that, sir, the plain history of the
origin of the proviso? And is not the use to be
made of it that which I have indicated ?
Sir, what are we of the South to say to our
constituents who are weary of compromises and
concessions of all kinds; who desire to meet the
question squarely as to whether the South shall
be allowed to expand, and to bring into the Union
more slave territory as a necessary increment to
her waning j>ower? We can only say, sir, that
the proviso is merely a neutral-tinted phrase—
words only of surplusage—intended as a sop to
Cerberus, a tub to the northern whale. 1 dislike
neutral-tinted phrases and soft, unmeaning plat-
itudes. I prefer plain, direct language, which
"he who runs may read," and signposts and
directions so clear that the "wayfaring man,
though a fool, may not err therein." I do not
think it ingenuous, to say the least, in making a
bargain or agreement, to use words which I under-
stand in one sense and the opposite party in
another. The issue presented to the country
should have been the simple, naked question,
" Shall Kansas be admitted with a constitution
recognizing slavery?" With the right of the
people of Kansas to change or abolish their con-
stitution Congress has nothing to do; and to
say anything at all on the subject is an interference
uncalled for and unwarrantable. I was opposed
to the insertion in the Senate bill of any proviso,
and did, in conjunction with other southern State-
rights men, protest against it, and I have reason
to believe that our protest had some effect in
modifying the proviso and making it less objec-
tionable.
But now a caucus of the national Democratic
members of this House has taken up the subject
of still further modifying the proviso, so as to
make it more palatable to hesitating northern Dem-
ocrats, and Heaven only knows what they will
make of it! For one, sir, I am becoming sick
and disgusted with the whole matter. Since Cal-
houn, by his last coup of political legerdemain,
has thrown the Legislature of Kansas into the
hands of the Free-Soilers, I feel, as a southern
man, comparative indifference to the fate of the
bill. If Kansas is forthwith to becomc a fiee
State, and send Free-Soil Senators and a Free-Soil
Representative to Congress, what does the South
gain by her admission? We are but striving to
conquer a barren victory; we are contending for
a withered crown, whose faded leaves will crumble
in our grasp. In a more forcible and practical
manner, the honorable member from Connecticut,
[Mr. Bishop,] who spoke on our side the other
day in advocacy of the admission, of Kansas, ex-
pressed it, when he said,{< the North will get the
oyster and the South the shell,"
But, sir, the issue has been made, the battle
joined; and though it be on an abstract principle
