1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
has complied with that, she is entitled to come in
without being delayed.
Mr. BROWN. I am very desirous to vote for
the admission of Minnesota. We stand agreed,
honorably bound, to admit her, and I shall regret
exceedingly if anything be put into this bill which
shall forbid: me recording my vote in favor of it.
I must say, in all sincerity, that I do not like this
proposition to give Minnesota three Representa-
tives. I understand that you are to take a census
of the population as a starting point, and then
that your authority is to apportion your repre-
sentation according to the population. I do not
understand that it is within the province of Con-
gress to guess the population of an old or a new
State, and apportion its representation on mere
guess-work. If you are going to guess for Min-
nesota, why not guess for all the States ? If you
were about to apportion the representation among
other States, and I were to come in here as a Rep-
resentative, and say, the "census was incorrectly
taken in my State; I tell you that I believe we
hare one hundred thousand people more than the
census shows," are you to depart from the rule
prescribed by the Constitution, and not to appor-
tion the representation according to the census,
but according to the guess of a Representative
from a State? and if so, where are you to drift to?
But, sir, this does not happen to be guess-work
coming from Minnesota; it is guess-work outside
of the State, and made up on the loosest possible
calculation. One Senator tells us the number of
votes, and makes a calculation on the supposition
that there are six members of a family to every
voter, and thus he brings up the population to two
hundred and forty thousand. Whatsortof away
of taking a census is that? Did the framers of the
Constitution ever dream of ascertaining the pop-
ulation of a State by any such rule ?
Then, sir, when you come to look at the State,
what is it? A new State, to which young and
enterprising men have gone, leaving the women
and children in the older State, as they always
do. Six to a family may be a very good estimate
for Rhode Island, or Connecticut, or Virginia,
but it is an over-estimate for any new country on
the face of the earth; because to such countries
men go,and the women and children stayat home.
You have got no such population there. This is
a proposition to give to Minnesota a representa-
tion in the other House of Congress to which her
population does not entitle her—a proposition to
unhinge the balance of representation between
the States, and to give to one State an advantage
over the other States. I protest against it. The
census shows that Minnesota has a population
of a little over one hundred and forty thousand.
Making a liberal estimate for the three counties
from which no return has been made, she prob-
ably has one hundred and fifty thousand. For
the first ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty, she is clearly entitled to a Representative.
South Carolina has a Representative for a frac-
tion, and I believe California had one awarded to
her for the largest fraction. The fraction in the
case of Minnesota is even larger than that, and I
am willing to vote her a Representative for that
fraction; but I will not vote a Representative, ex
gratia, on a population which she has not got.
Now that I am on this subject, and as I do not
care to worry the Senate again, I may say that,
, while I shall vote for the admission of this State,
desire to do it, mean to do it, and will do it—if
you do not put something in the bill that abso-
lutely drives me away from it—I want to do it
because I wish to keep faith upon the slavery
question. Minnesota comes here and asks for
admission as a free State. I would yield more
than I would in another case, lest I might be sus-
pected of having broken faith on that point. I
want to vote for it; I mean to do it; 1 will do it) I
say again, unless I am driven from doing it; but,
in doing that, I wish now to say, that I am in no
manner to be suspected of approving the consti-
tution of Minnesota. If I thought my vote was
thus to be construed, I never could record it in
favor of the admission of this State. I do not
approve her constitution. There is very much in
it to which I object.
1 object to the very provision which leads to
this debate—that a State shall undertake to say
ill her constitution how many Representatives in
Congress she will have. She has no right to say ,
any such thing. I object to other features of her II
constitution. I object to that clause which fixes
the qualification of voters; and I undertake to say
it is the most extraordinary that ever found its
way into any constitution, State or national. Her
constitution prescribes different classes of voters.
The firstis, "white citizens of the United States."
They mightas well have said white male citizens,
for I believe women are citizens. The next class
is, " white persons of foreign birth, who shall
have declared their intention to become citizens
conformably to the laws of the United States on
the subject of naturalization." I object to that.
Foreigners who have merely declared their inten-
tion to become citizens, in my opinion, ought not
to be allowed to vote. What is an intention ? It
is a myth; it is nothing. A man may to-dayhave
a very bona fide intention to become a citizen, but
to-morrow he may have no intention ever to be-
come so; and yet on making a mere declaration
of such intention, a man is allowed to take part,
not only in the elections of this State, but neces-
sarily in the election of a President of the United
States. 1 would permit no man to take part in the
elections of this co untry who did not owe allegiance
to the flag. Until he had sworn his allegiance
to the Government, and would be guilty of trea-
son in case he took up arms against it, he should
have no part or lot in the elections, with my con-
sent. What right has a man who to-morrow may
take up arms against your Government, and yet
commit no treason, to go to the ballot-box and take
part in your elections ? How many thousands,
nay, how many hundreds of thousands of for-
eigners, unnaturalized, hostile to your country,
to your Government, and to your Constitution,
might, under that clause, vote upon a mere dec-
laration of intention? How are you to punish a
refusal to carry out an intention ? A man may
swear to it honestly; he may swear to it corruptly;
but whether honestly or corruptly, you can never
ascertain. That is a secret locked up in his own
heart; a secret which can only be seen by the eye
of the all-seeing Power who ruleth above—a secret
not seen of men, and therefore not to be punished
by men.
That is not all. The next class of voters is,
" persons of mixed white and Indian blood, who
have adopted the customs and habits of civiliza-
tion." Is not that beautiful ? An Indian who has
adopted the habits of civilization is to be allowed
to vote. I should like to know what amounts to
adopting habits of civilization ? I suppose if he
put on a pair of pantaloons, a pair of spurs, and
a shirt collar, he would then be a Georgia major i
fixed up; and if he got drunk, he would approx-1
imatetothehighestdegreeofcivilization. [Laugh-1
ter.] Under that clause, there is notabreechless
savage in all Minnesota that cannot be led up to
the ballot-box and made to vote.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. They possibly intended to
model it on the old Scotch usage that I remember
having read of in one of the ballads for indicating
the approach of the Highland men to civilization
—when they put on pantaloons and left off cattle
stealing. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I do not know how that is;
but the language is, " habits of civilization."
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask my friend from Missis-
sippi, does he at all dispute the right of Minnesota
to allow anybody she pleases to vote within her
limits ?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then cut bono the argument?
Mr. BROWN. I am making it for the same
reason that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] j
the other day moved his amendment to the Kan- j
sas bill—not that I think there is anything in it, j
but I want to keep down clamor. I do not want ^
to be misunderstood on this subject. I do not j
want to be understood as in any manner approv-;
ing these provisions of this constitution when I j
vote for the admission of Minnesota; and there- j
fore I point them out and comment upon them, j
and file my protest against them, so as to exclude j
any such conclusion hereafter. That is my whole ;
object in doing it. I said in the outset, that if I
supposed myself responsible for this constitution,
if I was to be considered as approving it, I could
not vote to admit the State. 1 do not believe that j
any State, old or new, ought to have any such 'I
provisions in its constitution. I feel that I have II
no power to strike them out; arid if I had, my
notion of State rights and State sovereignty is,
that if Minnesota chose, she could put them back
again to-morrow. I cannot control them; I can
say, and will say, that I do not approve them. I
do not say that 1 shall vote against this bill, even
if you allow Minnesota three Representatives}
yet I do not well see how I can vote for it then,
with my notions of what is right. I hope the
Senate will do no such thing. Give Minnesota
the two Representatives to which her census en-
titles her, and then I think there can be no farther
controversy. If she haB any right to ask another
Representative on guess-work, I do not know but
that I shall ask another for Mississippi. She has
been' populating very fast, and has a great many
more people than she had when the last census*
was taken. I know that census in many coun-
ties was imperfectly taken. Let us stick to the
record; to the census, as made under the Consti-
tution. Make your apportionment according to
that, and you will always be right, or somewhere
m the neighborhood of it.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senatorfrom
Mississippi, in regard to the restrictions that we
ought to place on this State. Minnesota is a
young, growing, and prosperous State; but we
have only the evidence before us that she has'
about one hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants,-
and I do not see why we here should assume her
to have a population entitling her to three Rep-
resentatives. The State of Vermont, with more
than three hundred thousand inhabitants has only*
three Representatives in the other House. Here-
is a State where the census has been taken. It-
may have been imperfectly taken; but it is here
with only one hundred and forty-nine thousand
inhabitants; and yet she is claiming, and Senators
are claiming for her, that she should be allowed
three Representatives. This State will grow,un-
questionably. I am willing to give her one Rep-
resentative now, and let her, if she chooses, tafe
a new census, and have for the future, three, four,
or five Representatives, if that census shall show"
her to be entitled to them.
The Senator from Mississippi complains of al-
lowing civilized Indians to vote. I think the Sen-
ator ought not to complain of that, for he should
remember that it was the votes of the civilized In-
dians that gave the State to the political party
with which he acts, and without their votes it
would have been beaten by a very decisive ma-
jorityintheTerritory. One the occasion of voting
in one section of the State, a gentleman informed
me that he himself witnessed this scene: there
was near by the place of voting a large collection
of Indians, m their native habits and costumes; one
of your Indian agents, or a person connected with
your Government, obtained some articles of ap-
parel that civilized men wear; a few of tho^fe per-
sons were robed in them, marched up to the bal-
lot-box and voted; they were then carried back
to the place where they were encamped, these
articles of apparel were removed, and other per-
sons robed in them; and this was carried on
throughout the day, and a very large Indian vote
was taken.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts be kind enough to state the place where
this happened ?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot. It was told to me
by a gentleman who said he witnessed it himself
in one eleetion precinct. I did not ask him where
it occurred.
Mr. FITCH. I only wished to ascertain his
informant's veracity. No such thing oceurred.
Mr. WILSON. I do not certify to the fact, but
I am so told.
Mr. FITCII. I understand.
Mr. WILSON. I have good reason to think
that this was not a solitary instance of the kind.
Now I propose to offer an amendment to the sec-
ond section, if it be in order to move it now; but I
suppose it is not in order to move it before the
question is taken on striking out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment now pending.
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clerk will
again reud the pending amendment offered by the
Senator from Virginia.
The Clerk read the amendment, which is, m
line two, of section two, after the word " Repre-
sentative," to strike out the residue of the section
