1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Toombs,] a member of the Committee on
Commerce, ana also the chairman of that com-
mittee, the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,]
will oppose these bills somewhat at large. I
merely made the statement I did, because I have
not, I believe, obtruded myself on the Senate
during the session. I have not made any partic-
ular set speech on any-question. I want to give
the reasons why the postponement of the Pacific
railroad bill ought to be reconsidered. I shall oc-
cupy but a short time of the Senate in doing so.
I wish to leave the city, and I was in hopes I
should be permitted to go on this morning with-
out any objection from any quarter.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the question will be ,
taken. We should pass these bills now if they
are to be passed at all. These woiks are all going
to desolation.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the bill will not be taken
up in the absence of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. WADE. These bills are not for improve-
ments, but to preserve harbors.
Mr. CLAY. I know that the Senator from
Georgia, who is not now in his seat, wishes to
say something on the subject, and 1 do not think
it is fair to take advantage of his absence, and
pass these bills, when it is understood that he
and I were the only members of the committee
opposed to them.
Mr. PUGH. f would suggest to my colleague
that it is hardly worth while for us to proceed to
the consideration of these bills; for 1 shall move
as an amendment to the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill all these various bills reported by the
Committee on Commerce. I think they belong
to (hat hill, and we may as well have the debate
there, if there is to be any debate.
Mr. WADE. I very much fear that they will
be ruled out of order, or something take place
there to prevent their passage, which would be a
great misfortune to the country, t ask for the
yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Broder-
ick. Cameron, Chandler, Collamer,Di\.on, Doohttle, Doug-
las. Duiitee, Fes>endcn, Foot, Fostei, Hale. Hamlin, Har-
lan, Jones, King, Peatee, Pugh, Sewaid, ShiehS, Simmons,
Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bavard, Brown, Clay, Chnjrman,
Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatuek, Gwin, Hammond. Henderson,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson. Johnson of Arkansas Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Malloiy, Mason, Reid, Rice. Se-
bastian. Slideil, Thomson ofNew Jersey,Toombs, Wright,
and Yulvje—27.
So the motion was agreed to, and the bill (S.No.
041) mnkmg appropriations for repairing and se-
curing the works at the harbor of Chicago, Illi-
nois, was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate $87,225 37.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend this bill by add-
ing to it Senate bill No. 342; and so I shall move
to"add all the bills reported by the committee, one
after the other. I think that is better than pass-
ing them separately. The amendment is:
'•'That there be, and is hereby, appiopnated. out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, the jsuui
oi ,®28,63U, for the preservation and jeptur of the piers at
the mouth of Milwaukee uver, Wisconsin, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War."
Mr. HAMLIN. I think myself the Commit-
tee on Commerce wisely reported the provisions
which they have for harbor improvements in sep-
arate bills instead of one general bill, and for this
simple reason: while they are all embraced within
the same principle, all designed to keep the works
now m existence in a state of preservation, still
there may be differences m the kind and charac-
ter of the bills. By presenting them in separate
measures, you make every appropriation depend
upon its own merits, and not a bad case depend
upon the merits of a better one. I think, there-
fore, it is wise. I have always thought that was
the wisest policy. While 1 shall probably vote
for every bill that has been reported by the com-
mittee with a single exception, and possibly for
that—I do not think I shall vote for the appropri-
ation for the Red river until I hear some explana-
tion—I will vote against uniting them in one bill.
If they are united, I shall probably vote for them;
but I think it is the wiser policy, the sounder
policy, the. better policy, to let every appropria-
tion stand upon its own merits.
Mr. WADE. I supposed that according to
the course I proposed to take, each work would
stand on its own merits if proposed as an amend-
ment, as well as if in a separate bill. My only
object was to expedite business. I supposed we
could pass these bills in this way with much more
expedition than we could pass them separately,
each bill going through all the readings. If the
committee find that there is distinction in the
merits of the amendments offered, they can object
to them, as well as to separate bills. 1 do not see
any difference in that particular. I should be very
unwilling, however, to do anything to embar-
rass the passage of these bills, or to change-any
vote in respect to them on account of the way in
which they were considered. I really do not see
any objection to the amendment I have offered.
If the committee have objections to particular
works, they may as well be stated on a motion to
amend, as in regard to separate bills. It appears
to me that, on reflection, the Senator from Maine
will see that there is not much weight or force in
the objection he had made.
'Mr. CLAY. I trust that the course proposed
to be pursued will not be adopted by the Senate.
I do not see any motive for it, unless it is to bolster
bad cases with some that are rather better. I do
not think it a very reputable mode of legislation.
It is a species of what is vulgarly called log-roll-
ing, to combine all these measures together, and
thereby confederate the friends of each for the
jpassage of every other. I think the proper way
~is to let each bill stands on its own merits, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Maine. Some of them
are more objectionable than others, and it is cer-
tainly not proper to carry the bad along with the
good, if there be any good. It is true I shall vote
against all of them, but then I wish to test the
sense of the Senate on each one sepaiately. If
the amendment is insisted upon, I shall ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. It was quite immaterial to
me which course was pursued; but what seems
important is that one or the other should be pur-
sued as practically and speedily as possible. I
shall vote with the Senator from Ohio for his
amendment. It seems to me that the merits of
each work can as well be discussed on a motion
foramendment as it could on a separate bill, and
it will save time. They all stand on one princi-
ple. I think it will sccure for each one every vote
that will be given for any one.
Mr. CLAY. I ask foi the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. To exemplify the vicious prac-
tice into which we are about to fall if this amend-
ment be adopted, I have a right to call on some
one interested particularlyin relation to this work
to explain it, and especially whether it is now
prosecuted in the same manner as the work at
Chicago? whether the balance of the appropri-
ation was not turned over to the city authorities ?
whether the city authorities of Milwaukee have
not had charge of the work? whether they have
not raised funds and proceeded to expend them, as
well as the money raised by themselves as the
balance of your appropriation on hand, in execu-
tion of the plan they themselves approve ?
Mr. STUART. I take it for granted the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, who re-
ported these bills, can make any explanation ne-
cessary on the subject. These bills were all re-
ported by the chairman.
Mr. CLAY. I cannot. I have not had time
to go back and search the records to ascertain the
facts. I have relied entirely upon the reports
I which have been sent me by the War Depart-
i merit, and they do not contain the information
| asked for by the Senator from Mississippi. There
! is no information of that character before us.
i Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to express the hope
1 that this bill will be kept separate, and each one
, stand on its own merits. With the knowledge I
have of Milwaukee harbor, I should go for an ap-
propriation for it, but I think the committee acted
wisely in reporting each measure separately. I
take it for granted, if this is voted on to the Chi-
cago bill, every other harbor improvement will be
voted on, and they will be piled on m an omnibus
bill, and get it so that even some of the friends of
the measure will have to go against it. I shall
vote against the amendment, not from any hos-
tility to its object, but in order to have separate
action on each work.
Mr. WADE. I perceive* that some of;zb$
friends of these bills are opposed" to the mode
proceeding I have marked out. With the per-
mission of the Senate, I will withdraw the araemU
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there bend ob-
jection, the amendment will be withdrawn. The
Chair hears none.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read the third time; and the question
was stated to be on its passage;
Mr. CLAY. I have onlya word tosayabout
this bill, and what i may say of that, I have no
doubt may be well said of every other bill that
has been reported by the committee. The title
of the bill is delusive; it, in fact, asserts what is
not true, it is a bill " to repair and secure the
works at the harbor of Chicago," and yet there
is( no Senator on this floor, who is acquainted
with that or the other lake harbors, who would,
upon his honor, assert that the proposed appro-
priation, or ten-fold that sum, would secure that
object. On the contrary, when an appropriation
bill for this same work was pending during th^
last Congress, a bill proposing to appropriate
double the amount appropriated by this bill, the
! Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] had the can*
dor and courage to declare that the appropriation
would not complete the improvement; that in con-
sequence of the tides in that lake, annual appro-
priations would be necessary for an indefinite
peiiod of time in order to preserve it; that it was
not a work to be accomplished in a day, or a
year, or in several years, but it was one which
required annual appropriations or annual repairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Alabama
is in part right, and in part in error, in what he
remarks on this question. Itis very true that this
appropriation is not going to complete the Chi-
cago harbor, nor will any number of appropria-
tions similar to this complete it. Money is to be
expended there each year as long as it is a city,
and the world lasts. It will never be completed,
for the reason that the currents and drifting sands
close up the mouth of the river; and appropria-
tions from some source have to be made to keep
it clear, or the harbor must be abandoned. But
it is also true that this appropriation is made to
repair and secure what has been done; and it will
take every dollar of this money for that purpose
alone. In other words, the pier you have made,
inclosed, and cribbed, is so old that the timber is
rotten, and it is falling to pieces; and the work
done is all tumbling to pieces, and will be lost.
Every dollar of this appropriation is merely to
secure that which has been done, and which will
fall to pieces, and be a total loss to the Govern-
ment, unless secured. When this has been se-
cured and preserved, I will not disguise the fact
that next year, and the year after, there must be
legularappropuations from some source, or other-
wise the harbor will be closed up. I have inti-
mated heretofore, and I believe it firmly yet, that
thene is a better plan than appropriations from
this Government—the plan of tonnage duties, by
which each harbor may be self-sustaining; but
until that can be adopted, I must either sustain this
system, or else allow the whole to go into disuse; '
you must give us the power to these improve-
ments ourselves, or else you must make them.
Whenever yougive us the power to do it, I think
we shall do it more effectually than you do; but in
the mean time this is a simple appropriation, not
to continue a harbor, not to enlarge it, but to
preserve and save from destruction what you
have done.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to make a state-
ment without entering into an argument on this
question. About twelve years ago this work was
commenced. Then the Chicago creek, or river, if
I should so dignify itas to call it a river, had a bar
at its mouth, over which sometimes you could
scarcely drag an ordinary yawl. By constant ex-
penditure they have made an entrance to what is
termed the harbor of Chicago. At the time the
work was commenced, its friends argued that it
was necessary for a harbor of refuge. That was
the argument then. I endeavored to expose it
when the honorable Senator from Illinois and my-
self were members of the other House. The only
storms which would make a vessel on the lake
require a harbor of refuge, were such as rendered
it impossible she should go into Chicago; the
