240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11.
This only applies to those on the reserved list.
He will have no authority under this resolution
to take an officer from the active list and put him
on either of the others; but he may take him from
the reserved list and reduce him to furlough pay.
Under existing laws he has no such power; but
the Secretary now exercises the power of taking
an officer from the active list and putting him on
the furlough list.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not perceive any object
in giving the President this power, unless to en-
able him to revise the action of the board in these
cases in some other way than that pointed out by
law. On what ground is he to transfer an officer
from the retired to the furlough list—he is out of
the service, doing nothing—unless he commits
some fault in the mean time, which ought, per-
haps, to be the subject of inquiry by court-martial
or court of inquiry ? I see no object in granting
this power, especially as he has still general au-
thority to transfer any man from the active ser-
vice, who may be in the way of committingenors,
to the furlough list. That is enough, and I should
prefer that the amendment should not be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I think there will be no
danger in conferring this power on the Executive.
We have seen by our past experience that the
Executive is very tardy in exeicising any power
in this branch of the service which will reduce
the pay of any officer. It is very rarely exer-
cised indeed; but I can very well conceive that
officers on the icserved list may sometimes len-
der themselves amenable to such hatsh censure
as would justify u call for this reduction of pay.
It is not permanent. The President has power
now to place them up, but not down. I think we
may safely confer this power on the commander-
in-chief of the Army and Navy. The presump-
tion is, it will always be exercised for the health-
fulness of the corps, and not to its injury.
Mr. HUNTER. It might be safe to confer on
the President the power to transfer men to the
active service list from these various grades; but
Congtess seems to have thought otherwise m its
legislation on this subject. It has fixed the grades
under this law. I am not disposed, for the pres-
ent at least, to disturb that arrangement, or to
enlarge the powers the President has under his
general authority. That is sufficient. If a man
commits any offense, let a court of inquiry be
called. If he is not in active service in any way,
or connected with the Government in any way,
I should prefer that it should be left where it was
left by the law. Now, if I understand it, a man in
any position, if he commits an offense, is subject
to a court-martial, and that is sufficient. I pei-
ccivc no reason why you should give this limited
authority, which would not extend to a general
grant of power, to the President, to place any
officer of the Navy wherever he chooses on these
lists.
Mr DAVIS. I really think the effect of the
amendment would be slight. An officer on the
reserved list, never being on duty, would never
be under the eye of anybody who would report
his irregularities of conduct; and I think that be-
cause it would have no effect, it will be harmless.
I see no one who would be in a position to take
cognizance of an officer who had been retired
from active service, unless by some very dis-
graceful act he should become odious to the com-
munity in which he lived, and become unfit to
wear the uniform of I he United States, and then
he ought to be dropped from the lolls altogether.
Mr. BAYARD. I am opposed both to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Flor-
ida and to the original resolution in its present
form. I confess myself unable to see any reason
for confiding* the discretion which the amendment
would give to the President; and, as a general
rule, I am opposed to granting discretion in such
cases, unless where it is necessary that it should
be yielded. Under the piesent law, before the
passage of the act of 1855, the Secretary of the
Navy frequently exercised the power of placing
on furlough pay an officer who was in active ser-
vice or who was on leave pay. That power still
remains, and ought to remain. I can see no rea-
son why that discretion should be given either to
the President or to the Secretary of the Navy with
respect to those on the retired list, which embraces
officers upon furlough and upon leave pay. When
the law of 1855 was passed, it professed that where
an officer was to be retired without default of his
own, he should be retired with leave pay; and that
where the cause of retirement arose from his own
fault, and that was established to the satisfaction
of the board to whom the inquiry was intrusted,
and their finding was approved by the President,
he should be placed on the reserved list with fur-
lough pay. If these officers are not in active ser-
vice, I can see no ground for confeiring upon the
President an arbitrary power to change their con-
dition when there is no opportunity for default on
their part. Why confer on the President author-
ity to say that an officer who has performed hon-
orable service, and who has been retired at a cer-
tain rate of pay, shall be reduced to furlough pay ?
It seems to me to be unjust in principle. I can
perceive no good object in granting this power,
though I can well conceive its necessity with re-
gard to the active service list of the Navy.
Next, as to the resolution itself. My objection
is that it confines the proposed relief to those offi-
cers who have appeared before the courts of in-
quiry constituted under the act of the last session.
Why confine the rchefto them ? On the contrary,
my judgment would rather incline me to the con-
clusion that these officers having been heard be-
fore couits composed of their fellows and their
peers, if they have been unable to obtain a ver-
dict in favor of an alteration of their condition,
the matter should be ended as t6 them, for the
good of the service. There may be individual
cases of injustice; 1 have no very strong opinion
that courts of incjuiiy or courts-martial fire tnbu-
nals in which justice is administered with any re-
markable degree of accuracy; but still they are
the tribunals which adjust questions of this kind
in our service. You have given these officers an
opportunity to go before these tribunals. As to
those who have availed themselves of it, and have
had from a court of inquiry a judgment against a
change of their condition, I do not feel disposed
to interfere further. If we interfere now, there
will be no end to the constant complaints that will
be made to us. But as regards many officers who
were honotably retired on leave pay by the action
of the first board, and did not appear before the
courts of inquiry, why should they be precluded
from this relief, if you are to give it at all ? I can
well understand why many of them would not
appear, though they might suppose that the court
would probably reverse the action of the board
in regaid to them. I know one instance of this
kind, and I think Senators will understand and
appreciate the motives of the officer. An officer
in your service, one among the most distinguished
in it—one among the few who, m the war of 1812,
was a lieutenant, engaged in two naval actions—
that between the Constitution and the Guemere,
and that between the United Statesand the Mace-
donian—has been retired on leave pay, honorably
retired. In speaking to me of going before a court
of inquiry for the purpose of having the recom-
mendation of the board which placed him on the
retired list reversed, he said: " I cannot do it, sir;
I have commanded every man who is a member
of that court; I feel my own competency; I can-
not, consistently with my own personal character
and personal pride, agree to submit the question
of my ability to perfoim seivice, as a matter of
opinion, to men who have been under my com-
mand."
1 appreciate the feeling, and as to that closs of
men I should be perfectly willing to grant to the
President of the United States the power to nom-
inate them to the Senate to fill their old places on
the active list, if he thinks the judgment of the
first board was an error. I cannot support this
resolution, because it excludes entirely from its
benefits those officers who have not chosen to
anpear before the courts of inquiry, and applies
only to those who have had a hearing. It may
be that this hearing was an imperfect" one, but it
was such a one as "Congress chose to accord. If
on that hearing they have not been able to vindi-
cate themselves in the judgment of their peers,
I am not disposed further to swell the relative
ranks of the Navy for their benefit, and keep up
a course of contention which does nothing but
demoralize the seivice.
Mr. CLAY. If any other gentleman wishes
to make any remarks on the resolution, J shall
move to lay it on the table, as there are other mat-
ters which ought to occupy the attention of the
Senate. If, however, no one wishes to speak, I
am willing to let the vote be taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator to withdraw
his motion, to enable me to say a very few words.
Mr. CLAY. I will do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 think there ought to be no
difference of opinion in the Senate as to the pas-
sage of the resolution introduced by the Senator
from Mississippi. It only places the officers "who
have been befoie these courts of inqu'ry on the
same basis as other officers in the Army and Navy.
It allows the President, m cases where he disap-
proves the sentence of the court of inquiry, to give
effect to that disapproval, and send the officersvto
us for promotion if he thinks proper. Then the
whole case will be before us, and we can examine
it. It is said that the proceedings of these courts
j are held by the Committee on Naval Affairs of
, tins body not to be obligatory. It is rumored, at
| least out of doors, that they dissent from some of
i the findings of the court and recommendations of
! the Piesident; and do not, as a universal rule, re-
i port for confirmation appointments made by the
I President, in pursuance of the findings of these
' courts.
! The resolution of the Senator from Mississippi
only applies to these men a general law that has
i obtained since 1789 in our service. They have
been before a court of inquiry, and the facts have
been submitted to the President. If he disap-
proves the sentence, let it become null,and let him
1 nominate those men for their old places, if he
; thinks proper. I repeat, that is exactly the law
; which has obtained in both the military and the
| naval service from the beginning of the Govern-
ment. I think the resolution is eminently just,
and I can see no reason for refusing to pass it.
The VTCR PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Alabama renew his motion?
Mr. CLAY. If the Senate is prepared to vote
on the resolution I do not urge it.
Mr. STUART. Excuse me for saying to the
Senator, that if he designs to have an acquies-
cence in the suggestion that there shall be no more
debate, I shall want to consume a few minutes.
Mr. CLAY. Then I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table. I have not read it myself, and I
have not heard it read. If a printed copy has been
laid on my desk, it has been removed. I suppose
other Senators would like to read it. It can be
called up to-morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We are far advanced
now, and nearly ready for the vote. I hope we
shall be allowed to vote.
Mr. CLAY. At the instance of several Sena-
tors around me, I withdraw my motion.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ihe amendment.
! Mr. SLIDELL. There is one point in this
! question which seems to have escaped the atten-
| tion of Senators, and I think reconciles the objec-
I tion of the Senator from Michigan. I agree with
i him perfectly as to the absolute constitutional
| power of the President to fill any vacant office in
I the Navy by the nomination of any man who has
j either been in the Navy before, or* who has been
I taken from private life. It is a power which I
i take it for granted he would never exercise; and
if he did, his action would not receive the appro-
bation of the Senate. There is sufficient guarantee
against any such abuse of power. But as the case
now stands, the President, although entirely sat-
isfied that injustice may have been done to any
particular officer by the finding of either of the
courts of inquiry, has no power to remedy it. As
! has been very propeily said by the Senator from
Mississippi, the consequence of his disapproval
of the action of any one of these courts, in a case
m which that action had been unfavorable to the
officer whose character and standing had been in-
: vestigated, would be simply saying " I disapprove
it," leaving the ofllcui to stand exactly where ho
stood before. There might be a remedy foran evil
of that sjort under ordinary circumstances, but the
President really has no discretion at all.
The naval establishment is regulated by law.
It is composed of a certain number of captains,
commanders, lieutenants, midshipmen, and offi-
cers of other grades. When we passed the law
authorizing the establishment of a reserved list,
and afterwards passed the law by which we insti-
tuted certain courts of inquiry for the reconsid-
eration of the cases of the officers who had been
set aside, we declared that they might be restored
to the active list of the Navy; but we accompanied
that privilege with the condition that when these
