THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1858.
New Series No. 16.
men had been so restored, there should be no fur-
ther appointments until, by death, dismissal, or
other causes, the total list of active officers of the
Navy had been reduced to that limit which wc
considered the proper limit for our naval estab-
lishment. We may have fourteen or fifteen more
officers in each grade of the Navy now, than is
authorized by law. There can be and will be
no vacancies, probably, for two or three years.
Therefore, however satisfied the President may
be, on investigation, that justice was not done to
an officer, originally, by the board of fifteen, in
dismissing him, or by the action of the court re-
considering his case, the President is deprived of
power altogether. That is his position now as
regards the distinguished officer to whom the Sen-
ator from Delaware alludes. There are no vacan-
cies in the naval establishment. I am stating a
case of such extreme merit as that of the officer
to whom the Senator from Delaware has alluded.
Unquestionably the board could have arrived at
no other conclusion, notwithstanding his distin-
guishedservices. Everybody admitted that he was
not qualified for active service. Still, the President
of the United States might, perhaps, at this mo-
ment be disposed to remedy, not what was injus-
tice to this officer by the board of naval officers,
but the undue harshness of the law in its applica-
tion to him, and might be disposed to place him
at the head of the list of the Navy—a position
he once filled and adorned. That the Piesident
might be disposed to do; yet, under the existing
law, he has no such power-
Now, as I understand it, the intention of'the
resolution introduced by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, and reported back with an amendment
by the Naval Committee, is to give J he President
the powerof exercising discretion in certain cases.
I am inclined to think that the exercise of that
power by him will be very limited. But there is
one circumstance attending the whole of this in-
vestigation which, perhaps, is not understood by
the Senate. I happen to know that the President
has never examined a record in any one of these
cases, tie has either not had the disposition or
the time; he certainly has not had the time to ex-
amine any one of the records brought before him
in cases which it is understood have been sent to
the Senate for confirmation. The Senate will be
called on, then, to pass on these nominations as if
they were original appointments. It is equally
the case in regard to the action of the court where
the findings have been unfavorable, that the Presi-
dent and Secretary of the Navy have not consid-
ered them. In the one case, the President has
not examined these records because he has not
had time to do so; and in the other, because he
was satisfied that, even if he did examine them, no
action could result, because, if he were dissatisfied
with the proceedings of the board, still he could
not remedy the evil which had been done. I think
the statement I have made will remove the objec-
tion that has been brought forward by the Sena-
tor from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I desire the attention of the
Senate for only a few minutes. I agree that the
fact which has just been stated by the Senator
from Louisiana would be sufficient to induce me
to vote for this joint resolution if I could get over
the constitutional difficulty to which I have re-
ferred; but I regard it as a dilemma in which we
have placed ourselves by departing from that spe-
cies of legislation which is in conformity to the
Constitution. Ifanythmg were ncccssary to con-
vince one of the error into which we have fallen,
it would be the speech of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire. He asserts that because
Congress, at the last session, undertook to impose
a limitation on the authority of the President of
the United States, after the action of the courts of
inquiry, and undertook to provide also the very
place to which he should make his nominations,
it is nccessarv to continue the error and pass this
resolution, it seems to me that that is not sound
reasoning.
It is said by the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana that the President, under the Constitution,
16
possesses unlimited authority in regard to the se-
lection of his nominees, if we had never under-
taken to trench on that power, we should not have
been in any difficulty. Iam not going back to
review the history of legislation on this subject. I
did very briefly, while it was under consideration,
express my objections, the chief of which was,
that a man might be inefficient, and might be con-
ceded by his best friends to be inefficient for a par-
ticular service; yet that inefficiency might not be
of a character which one could specify against
him, and prove upon charges before a court of in-
quiry. I instanced, as an illustration, that a gen-
tleman might desire a particular, important ser-
vice performed, and out of twenty he would select
one as being the only one m the twenty fitfor the
| performance of the duties; that then, being called
| upon by the other nineteen to show why they
I were not fit, and to prove it before a court of in-
quiry or a jury, it would not be within his power,
and yet he would know it as well as he knew his
own existence. Hence, sir, I was in favor of the
mode proposed by the law of 1855, to weed out
the Navy—to use the language of the Senator from
Maine—to constitute a board who would know
the qualities and qualifications of the officers; and
knowing them, would exercise that duty more
properly than anybody else could. But, as I said, I
am not going into ih.it subject. It is now proposed
to go still fui ther, and to add to the Navy a number
1 of officers who are not needed for the duties inei- j
! dent to that branch of our service; but to add to the ,
! number for the purpose of doing justice to par-
i ticulor individuals. If I believed that this was the
; mode to do justice to them, and at the same time
do justice to the public service, it would consti-
1 tute a strong reason for favorable action by my
vote upon this proposition. But, sir, I do not;
and I confess I cannot agree with the honorable
Senator from Mississippi that we enter into any
contract, or quasi contract, with an officer when
he receives an appointment in the Navy.
The substance of that appointment is simply
this, that so long as he performs his duty prop-
erly, and so long as the Government of the United
States needs his service, so long is he entitled to
the rules of promotion incident to it; but it is re-
i served to the President of the United States to
! drop him from the service whenever he chooses,
j It is reserved to the Congress of the United States,
! under the authority expressly conferred by the
Constitution, to revise the Navy law according to
its best discretion, and to affect him in his posi-
tion, and in his line of promotion, according to
their judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator state where the
President gets power to drop an officer whenever
he chooses?
Mr. STUART. I should be very glad to do
that if it would not occupy more time than the
honorable Senator would desire me to consume
to-day.
Mr. DAYIS. It would require a good while.
Mr. STUART. I have not any excessive con-
fidence in my own ability; yet I have a confident
belief that I can establish that proposition by a
process of reasoning which the honorable Sena-
tor himself may perhaps find it a little difficult to
overthrow. It is sufficient to state that that is my
conviction, and that Iam proceeding on it; how-
ever, that is not involved in this question. This
is a simple question, whether, for the purpose of
doing justice to some individuals who are now
out of the active service, it is best to add to the
Navy list, and in doing that to exercise a species
of legislation not warranted in my opinion—and
I give it with all that respect for the opinions of
others which I ought—by the Constitution itself.
I only wished just time enough to save my own
consistency on this subject, and to save what I
believe to be an important consistency of the Sen-
ate, as it will be found, if we shall proceed here-
after with this character of legislation, believing
we have had experience enough already to show
that, having varied from constitutional authority,
we have got ourselves into deep difficulty, and
that the further we travel in the path of error, the
more the number of those difficulties will be in-
creased. ■ ■ -
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a very
few remarks, and shall not occupy the attention
of the Senate more than five minutes. We now
know, what I suppose must of necessity be the
fact, that the President of the United States has
not had time to examine these records. If he has
examined any, they were those which he was com-
pelled immediately toapprove—thatis, the reports
which were favorable to the officers tried. As to
the unfavorable reports, it is impossible that he
can have even read them. It would, 1 suppose,
have been competent for the President, if he had
had time to examine these records and found that
the evidence, instead of convicting a man, tended
entirely to his exoneration, to have sent back the
record for reexamination by the court, thus "af-
fording an opportunity for reconsideration; but
that required an examination of the record, and he
has not, in point of fact, made that examination,
and the law is about to expire.
Under these circumstances, can anything be
more just than to say to the President," when you
have time hereafter to examine these records and
find that injustice has been done and dishonor
unduly inflicted on a meritorious officer, nom-
nate him to u^, and we will consider whether we
will not restore him to his place ?" Can anything
be more just? Can anything be more fair? Sir,
I think it is not necessary to look any further to
justify and warrant this resolution, when it is re-
quired by that justice which is due to one of our
own officers, wronged in consequence of our own
act, dishonored in consequence of our own act,
and degraded in the service to which a lifetime
had dedicated him. If the President, upon an
examination of this record, finds an officer to be
of meritorious service, though by some inadvert-
ence, or some lapse, or some other cause, I care
not what, he has been unjustly condemned, ought
it not to be remedied and rectified ? I say it ought;
and that is a primary consideration; and that es-
tablished, all else is naught.
My friend from Michigan isj^fraid to do this
palpable justice; bccause, he says, wc have a con-
sistency to preserve, and he will preserve his. It
is a fear of some little inconsistency. Had he not
better be guilty of a thousand inconsistencies than
one act of injustice? But there is some nicety
about a constitutional question which he appre-
hends may lead to future embarrassment and fu-
ture difficulty. I say the same as to that—had he
not better encounter a thousand little niceties and
embarrassments that amountto nothing, than re-
fuse justice, which can only be granted in the form
now proposed by the Senator from Mississippi ?
I think so. Forniyself, I can easily set aside all
these considerations and all these niceties, and
all these little inconveniences, for the sake of
accomplishing what I believe to be the solemn
justice of this case. I hope, therefore, that the
resolution of the Senator from Mississippi will be
adopted.
I see no great use in the amendment proposed
by the chairman of the Committee on iNaval Af-
fairs. It seems to mc to amount to very little, at
best. My friend from Delaware wishes it also
to embrace those who have not been tried. That
may be another consideration altogether. Iagree
with him in his appreciation of the character of
Commodore Stewart, the officer to whom I sup-
pose he alludes, and in the justice of restoring:
him; but, for considerations satisfactory to his
proud bosom, he declines to go before the court.
Why is this power of the President to restore,
given in rcspect to those cases only which have
been before the courts? If is because there the
President has a record; he does not listen to out-
of-door solicitations or representations. Here is
a record of sworn testimony. He can refer to
that and be guided by it in his action on the sub-
ject; and guided by that, there is no danger that
the President will give way to any improper con-
siderations or motives. We give him a guide:
take this record; examine the testimony, thejudg-
ment of the court; and if you say that that judg-
