1328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
Constitution says the law shall ascertain it. You
may say the law has attempted to ascertain it, but
it has not done it, for it has not fixed the number
numerically, and has provided no tribunal to do
it. The House of Representatives has no more
power to do it than the Senate has. The law has
failed to doit. It is for thatreason that, with very
great diffidence, I concurred in the opinion ad-
vanced by some Senators here, that if the clause
remains as it is, the only construction to be placed
on it will be to assign to Minnesota but one Rep-
resentative, because none but the law can increase
the number, and the law has failed to do it. That
is my impression.
I will not detain the Senate longer, but express
the regret that I have occupied so much of their
time in a matter which I feel is one of the very
greatest moment, not only in its effect here, but
as a precedent, for it is the assignment of political
power to States. It is proposed to be done upon
a conjecture, and a departure from the Constitu-
tion and the law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have but a verjr few
words to say. I am sure that I should be willing
to extend the most liberal construction that we
could properly make on the Constitution and the
laws, so as to give this new State all the repre-
sentation to which she is entitled, according to
population. But it seems to me that the gentle-
man from Virginia is entirely right when he says
that the apportionment of Representatives is the
apportionment of power, and it ought always,
upon the principles of the Constitution, upon the
very spirit of the Constitution, to be strictly ob-
served in the apportionment of Representatives.
As well as I recollect, it was for some deviation
in this particular that General Washington exer-
cised, for the first time in the history of this Gov-
ernment, the veto power. I think we are bound
to adhere to a strict observanee of this provision
of the Constitution, because it is the very spirit
and life of the Constitution—equal representation
and equal apportionment of political power. I
think the honorable Senator from Virginia is en-
tirely correct, and one Representative seems to me
to be all that, according to any scale or any rule,
this new State can be entitled to. She is not en-
titled to more by the census of her population.
Make all fair, legitimate additions to that for por-
tions of the country to which this enumeration was
not extended, and still, if I understand the case,
she is not entitled, she has not the number neces-
sary, to give her two Representatives. Why are
we, by conjecture, to multiply that number arbi-
trarily ? orwhy are we, for a fraction, to give her
a Representative? The fraction, according to what
I have heard, is not half the ratio of general rep-
resentation thatis required, which is overninety-
three thousand. She has not a fraction equal to
one half that, according to the census actually re-
turned. I agree with the Senator from Virginia,
that it would be dangerous for us to go beyond
that, and make conjectural computations of people
who were not there when the census was taken.
Theie is another fact that I will state. There
is not a member from any of the old States in the
House of Representatives that does not repre-
senta population beyond the census. They have
been increasing now for eight years. We make
no allowances for that. If we are to interpose
here by special legislation,*^hy should we not
undertake now, upon mere conjecture, to take the
reported and undoubted surpluses in many of
the States and give additional representation for
them? Gentlemen in the other House represent
districts containing twice or thrice the number of
the ratio; and would it be just and fair to vote to
stretch the rights of a new State coming into the
Union, by taking now a census of her population,
giving her a representation for her population in
1858, when the other States are represented only
accoiding to the population of 1850? I do not
think it is right. I do not think we ought to have
any question about it. However anxious, and I
think the anxiety a laudable one, on the part of
members of this Flouse to treat with great liber-
ality a new State just coming into the Union, and
I am sure 1 sympathize in this sentiment, I must
observe some equality and some regard to the
rights of every portion of the country, and par-
ticularly must observe and confine myself to the
rule which I understand is prescribed' by the law
and the Constitution on this subject.
Mr. POLK. I certainly have never entertained
a supposition that the honorable Senator from
Virginia was indisposed to do anything else than
entire and equal justice to all the States, and the
new States as well as the old States. I know I
have s*id nothing that intimates that, and I shall
say no such thing; but while I concede that to
the honorable Senator, I beg leave to say that, in
the few remarks I submitted on this question be-
fore, I certainly did not desire, and do not now
desire, and shall not contend for, anything more
than what I believe to be equal justice to this new
State of Minnesota. If I did not believe that she
was entitled to three Representatives, I certainly
would not have assumed the position that I did
when I was before on the floor. I do not claim
that Minnesota shall have any more political
power, or that she ought to have any more polit-
ical power in this Government, than any of the
old States, or any rights or privileges that are not
accorded to the old States; but I do claim that, in
fixing the representation for that State, we ought
not to shut our eyes against what we must be
convinced are the facts of the case.
If I did so present them, I did not certainly in-
tend the remarks I made, in regard to the condi-
tion of a portion of the population in Minnesota,
to have the exact bearing that the Senator from
Virginia seems to have taken them in.
Before I dwelton that particular pointin my re-
marks, to which the Senator directed the attention
of the Senate, I had pointed out, very briefly to
be sure, the other main facts to which I cited this
as subsidiary. We know, on the documents be-
fore us, that a perfect census has not been taken.
We know that some counties are entirely unre-
ported—I shall not undertake to state the exact
number—yet I believe it seems to be the common
opinion of the Senate that those counties ought
not to be overlooked. I say that common justice
requires that we should not ignore the fact that
there are people in counties where the census does
not show any; when the vote cast fur these very
gentlemen, whose seats are no win question, shows
that there were hundreds of legal voters, who were
not only qualified to vote, but did actually vote in
that election.
I say we ought also to look at the further fact
that the proportion of population to the voter, as
shown by this vote, and comparing it with the
census, is much less than it is in the older States;
and when we have that fact, we cannot, as rea-
soning men, avoid what is the rationale of the fact
how it comes to be so; and when we come to look
at that, we must necessarily also look at the fur-
ther fact that this is a new State just being popu-
lated by emigrants who have recently gone there,
to be sure, but who, though recently there, are
just as much citizens of the State as those who
have been born and bred in an old State are citi-
zens of that.
Senators have said that they are willing to deal
liberally with this new State. Certainly a new
State is entitled to liberal dealing; but I do not
even claim that. I say that what is asked for by
those who claim three members for this State is
supported on grounds of justice. Suppose it to be
true that there are some States in which fractions
are not represented; suppose it to be true, as I
believe it to be in my own State, that we are here
with seven members in the lower branch of Con-
gress, whereas if a census were taken to-day we
should be entitled, perhaps, to two additional ones,
certainly to one additional member: yet when Min-
nesota comes asking admission into the Union, the
fact that the State of Missouri may not have as
much of political power in the Confederacy as I
believe it was the design of the Constitution she
should have, and cannot have it until the nextde-
cennial census shall be taken, is no reason why
Minnesota should not have all that her population
entitles her to.
In this view of the case I say that the fact to
which I called the attention of the Senate is not
to be overlooked. I did not offer it in the sense
in which the Senator from Virginia seemed to re-
ceive it, as the main ground on which I based the
claim of Minnesota to three Representatives in
the other House of Congress; but I say, in view
of the case which I have presented, it is a fact
going to show not only that you would not be
doing anything beyond liberality, but nothing be-
yond justice, in giving what this State asks as her
portion of political power in the other branch of
the Legislature of the United States.
I say, we cannot ignore the fact that the state
of population there is what I indicate. Heads of
families have gone there in great numbers; have
settled there; have spent their money and em-
ployed their labor there, to make for themselves
homes; and though their families were not there
when the census was taken, they will be there
before the end of the present season. Now, the
Senator from Virginia supposes the fact to be,
that many who have gone there are young, un-
married men, who have gone to win their way by
their own good right arms, and their own clear
heads, in that new country. I believe that is so,
and, so far as that class of population is concerned,
they are entitled to no more than each individual
will count in taking the census; but, while that
is so, we know that they are not all, nor a ma-
jority, nor even a large proportion, nor even, I
undertake to say, one quarter of those who have
gone into this Territory. The great majority who
have gone there have gone for the purpose of
making provision for the families that they could
not so well raise to respectability and influence in
the old States as in the new; ana, having a proper
paternal regard for those families, they, of course,
have not undertaken to take them there when they
would have nothing but canvas to put over their
heads. They have gone themselves, being will-
ing to live under canvas for a season, for the pur-
pose of making a home to bring their families to.
They may not have entirely completed those
homes. As I stated when I was up before, I have
information, which to me is entirely satisfactory,
that, at least in one county, a great majority of
those who voted, and of those who were regis-
tered, were circumstanced just exactly as that
class of emigrants is circumstanced in every new
State.
Now, sir, what, is equal justice to this new
State of Minnesota ? What is giving to her not
more political power than she is entitled to in this
Confederacy? That is not the claim—certainly it
is not the claim on my part; but what is giving
to her her equal power in the Confederacy ? The
facts are patent before us; we have the evidence
that in some counties no census at all has been
taken; we have the evidence, satisfactory to my
mind certainly, and I was going to say, to the
mind of every Senator, that in a great majority
of the counties in which the census was taken, it
was imperfectly taken; and we have the further
fact that this imperfection results from the cir-
cumstances of the country; and though the Sen-
ator from Virginia says the census is imperfect
in the old States, and I admit it, I say, compara-
tively speaking, it is infinitely more perfect there
than it can be in any new State, and as we know
it was in this new State of Minnesota. Under
these circumstances, what does equal justice re-
quire? Can we shut our eyes against these facts?
Are we to say to this new State, we will bind
you down to the number that is shown by this
census thus imperfectly taken, when we know
the fact that, if the census had been taken ever so
perfectly, it would have given the true exhibit of
what is the potential and the legal population of
the State.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator give way for
a moment to allow me to make a suggestion in
this connection ?
Mr. POLK. With great pleasure.
Mr. TOOMBS. The difficulty seems to me to
be, that gentlemen want some certainty about the
matter; and, on the other hand, it seems that this
State can have no representation at the present,
certainly no fair representation, if less than three
bo allowed. I give notice now, that if this sec-
tion be stricken out, as proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, I shall move, then, the following
amendments, as additional sections:
And be it further enacted, Tlgit. said State shall be enti-
tled to three Representatives, until the census authorized
to he taken by the act of February 26, 1857, shall bo again
correctly taken and returned, and then she shall be entitled
to as many Representatives as the present ratio will give her
population thus ascertained.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior shall take all proper means to retake a perfect census
of said State, and return the same as soon as the same can
be conveniently done.
I simply propose to give her the three, and then
to have this census, which is universally admitted
to be imperfect, corrected, and as soon as that is
done, to let her representation be according to her
exact population on the present ratio.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to suggest to the Senator
