242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
ment is clearly unsustained by the evidence, and
that a meritorious officer has been sacrificed, do
him justice, or afford the Senate an opportunity
of doing it, by nominating him to them. I hope
the resolution will be adopted. I think the amend-
ment is useless, and need not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
-Mr. BIGGS. I have just now, for the first time,
had an opportunity to read the resolution which
is pending. If it has been laid on my desk, it has
escaped my notice entirely ; and therefore the in-
quiry which I made, sometime since, of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, whether
it had undergone the scrutiny of that committee ?
I find that it has been reported by that commit-
tee favorably, with an amendment, which has been
voted down, the purpose of which was to extend
the discretion of the President of the United States
in regard to these naval officers. From my expe-
rience here on this question, it seems to me the
Senators are very much controlled by their feel-
ings and sympathies for individual cases of naval
officers. It is perfectly natural that they should
be controlled to a considerable extent by their
sympathies in behalf of individual officers.
If I understand the effect of this resolution, it
is to change the existing laws, and to confide to
the President of the United States a discretion,
which he does not now possess, to increase the
naval establishment. I voted for the bill of last
year, authorizing- a revision of the action of the
original board of inquiry, which was provided for
by Congress before I became a member of this
body, because of the great clamor which was made
in the Senate as to injustice to individual officers.
I voted for it under the expectation that full jus-
tice would be done under it, and that there the
matter would end. But now it seems there is
complaint that another revising body of the Navy
has done injustice; and that, in consequence of
the present state of the law, the President has not
discretionary power to revise the action of these
courts of inquiry, and do justice to every member
of the Navy.
It seems to me, sir, that we are acting on a
principle which I cannot approve at all—namely,
that the naval establishment is made for officers of
the Navy, instead of being made for the benefit of
the country. These officers have undergone an
investigation before two tribunals of inquiry, and
it seems to me that it is wrong to endeavor to ex-
tend further favor to them, the consequences of
■which will be to increase theexpensesof theNavy,
and to increase the naval establishment to an ex-
tent which is totally useless, so far as the country
is concerned. I am totally opposed to the passage
of the resolution. I can see no necessity for it.
The only object which, it appears to me, will be
attained by i t, will be to extend to the President of
the United States a discretion, which he has not
a right to exercise under existing laws, to disap-
prove the action of these courts of inquiry, and
place upon the Navy list men who are now retired
from the Navy; thus increasing the expenses of
the Navy, and enlarging the number of officers,
which seems to me not to be desirable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not occupy the time of
the Senate at the present moment, on the subject
of these naval boards and courts. I desire togo into
that subject when it may be legitimately presented,
and when the leisure of the Senate will be more
suited to my design than it is at present. I will
not delay the passage of this resolution, because
I think it is very important that it should pass.
It does not constrain the President to do any im-
proper act. It authorizes him to do within his
discretion what is proper—to restore certain offi-
cers; not to make original appointment of indi-
viduals, but to make such changes as he may
deem necessary, judging from all the information
before him. For these reasons I will postpone
any remarks I intended to make on the general
subject, and I hope the vote will be taken on this
resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the resolution, and if it be adopted I may
vote for it, but certainly not without it. It is to
strikeout all after the word " where,"in the third
line, to the word " of,"inclusive, in the sixth line,
and insert " it is deemed advisable by the." The
words I propose to strike out are " the records of
the courts of inquiry appointed under the act of
January 16, 1857, may render it advisable in the
opinion of."
It would then read:
" That in any case where it is deemed advisable by the
President of the United States to restore to the active or
reserved list of the Navy, or to transfer from furlough to
leave of absence on the latter list, any officer who may have
been dropped or retired by the operation of the act of Feb-
ruary 28,1855, entitled ' An act to promote the efficiency of
the Navy,' he shall have authority, any existing law to the
contrary notwithstanding, to nominate, and by and with the
advice and consentof the Senate to appoint, such officer to
the active or reserved list; and officers so nominated and
confirmed shall occupy positions on the active and reserved
lists, respectively, according to rank and seniority when
dropped or retired as aforesaid, and be entitled to all the
benefits conferred by the act approved January 16,1857, on
officers restored or transferred to the active or reserved list
under that act."
I can conccive no reason in justice why an offi-
cer who has applied for this court of inquiry and
has been rejected on a hearing before it, should be
placed in a better position as regards the discretion
confided to the President, with the confirmation
of the Senate, than an officer who has not applied.
I have stated one case, and I am sure there are
numerous others, in which officers on the same
high ground were unwilling to go before their
juniors for the purpose of having their capacity
acted on, as a matter of professional pride. I do not
see why we should exclude them from the benefit
of the exercise of the discretion of the President
any more than the officer who has been heard,
and who has not obtained any advantage from his
hearing.
Mr. DAVIS. Making no question on the point
of rule involved in this amendment—passing that
over—I wish to say to the Senate (because my
object is rather to present the question upon its
merits, and I had hoped to get the entire concur-
rence of the Senate) that this would devolve on
the President the necessity of taking oral testi-
mony in every possible case where an applicant
might choose to present himself. By the resolu-
tion, as originally prepared, he was protected from
this; and the certain basis on which the President
acted was to come with his nomination to the
Senate, by confining him to those cases which
were of record. Thus the Senate would have the
power to revise, not only the action of the Presi-
dent in gross, but the basis upon which he made
his nominations. It seems to me that this limit-
ation is proper and necessary, and, unless the Sen-
ator from Delaware will have a dual President, it
is quite clear he cannot have the power to take
that amount of oral testimony which would be
necessary to hear all the cases that would be
brought before him.
Then, sir, I must object to the idea that a se-
nior officer might properly refuse togo before these
courts. It may do for the head of the Navy to
look down upon the members of such a court as
his inferiors, and in him such a sentiment may
be excused; but I rather respect that great body
of officers who, feeling secure in their own devo-
tion and integrity to the country, have come for-
ward and challenged investigation before a court
of record. I am sure that the Senator from Del-
aware, if he stood arraigned upon any charge
whatever, would much prefer that the testimony
should be of record, and defy his accusers to meet
him face to face. I think that it was manly pride
that brought most of these gentlemen before the
courts of inquiry, and I doubt not that in most
cases justice has been rendered. I am unwilling,
reluctant, to that degree that I will not, unless fur-
ther pressed, go into particular cases; but it is
within my knowledge, and I could prove it in one
case, at least, that injustice, gross injustice has
been done, and that the individual stands now in
the attitude of a man who, for an early fault, is
to be held as dropped, never to be forgiven for the
offenses of his youth. Six years of faithful ser-
vice and good conduct, some of it distinguished,
too, cannot relieve him from the fact of his hav-
ing, at an earlier period of his life, as he admitted
himself before the court, been guilty of intemper-
ance.
But, sir, it is said that this is a proposition to
make a navy for officers, and notfor the country, j
No, sir; no. It is not to establish a navy; it is I
a proposition to do justice to man—a higher and
a holier motive than the number of dollars and
cents which may be involved in the expenditure.
It is not to make a navy, not to prescribe the
number of officers in the Navy, except so far as
justice may require, that we shall increase the
number in each grade; and as long as there is a
dollar in the Treasury, or credit for the Govern-
ment, I am ready and anxious to fulfill that first
obligation of a Government to its citizens—to do
justice. How far it will increase the expenditure,
how many will be nominated, I have not cared to
inquire; l have no means of knowing. I should
hope, for the honor of the Navy, that but few
cases have been passed over where the records
will sustain the President in making nominations
and the Senate in confirming them. Be they few,
or be they many, I repeat, the high obligation of
justice impels us to the act, and I am willing to
meet it, cost what it may.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the answer
which the honorable Senator from Mississippi
gives to my amendment is twofold. First, he says
that the President of the United States would have
too much labor cast on him if he were to take oral
testimony for the purpose of examining the pro-
priety of renominating any officers other than
those who appeared before the courts of inquiry,
and that he means to limit his investigations sim-
ply to the records in those cases. I hardly think
that is sufficient, if the question of justice be
weighed in the balance. The President may take
his own means of inquiry. It is proposed to
grant him a mere discretion. Itis not necessary
that he should go into a hearing, or have any
court of inquiry. It is to put in his power, as I
think ought to have been put there originally, the
reappointment of those officers whom he con-
ceives were placed on the reserved list without
cause.
The second objection is, that, in the opinion of
the honorable Senator, it is not a proper pride,
except in the head of the Navy, for any officer to
decline a hearing before the tribunals constituted
by the act of 1857, but that he ought to have been
willing to place himself there if any charge existed
against him. I should agree with the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, if the law of 1855—this,
as I-viewit, iniquitous and injurious law—had in-
volved the question of charge against the officers;
but we were told, in all the discussions subse-
quently, that there was no imputation cast on
those who were retired with leave pay; that it was
simply done because they could not perform their
duties as promptly and efficiently, relatively with
other officers, as might be desired. It was inti-
mated that it might be because old age had ad-
vanced upon them, or because of some temporary
disability. In all these cases, especially m a case
of age, where an officer had rendered distinguished
service to the country, I can perfectly understand
that he would be unwilling to leave the question
of his promptness and efiicie ncy to the mere opin-
ion of men whom he had commanded twenty years
ago. If there had been charges affecting his moral
character, or his mental capacity, it might be that
the officer would desire to have a court of inquiry,
for there would be something tangible in that; but
I can readily understand that an officer of advanced
life, though he may not have the activity of youth,
still feeling in himself full competency for the per-
formance of his duties, would certainly demur to
going before his juniors for the purpose of taking
their opinion as to whether he was still sufficiently
capable to perform his services. That is the class
of cases which I wish to embrace, and I do not see
any harm or danger in doing so, either because of
any labor that would be thrown on the President,
or in apprehension of injury to the service. I
think it is but sheer justice.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
resolution, if a limitation be added that nothing
which it contains shall authorize an increase in
the number of officers in active service as now
allowed by law. When vacancies occur, I am
willing that the President shall exercise this power,
which he would have a right to do, according to
the view of his constitutional authority taken by
the Senator from Michigan; but I am not willing to
allow him, at his pleasure ordiscretion, to enlarge
the number of officers as fixed by law to be em-
ployed in the active service of the Navy. That
number was fixed after careful consideration of
the interests of the country and of the Navy. I
am for adhering to that number, and not increas-
ing it. I am willing to allow the President to
nominate anybody he chooses to fill any vacancy
which may occur in that number hereafter. If the
proviso which I have suggested be added to the
resolution, I shall vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator whetherit would
cover his objection to say the number should not bs
