is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
increased by any promotion until it had been re-
duced, if there was any excess to the standard
number? That has usually been done.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the law now.
Mr. HUNTER. If the proviso be attached so
that the operation of this new resolution shall not
increase the number the law allows in active ser-
vice, I will vote for it. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that is what he proposes.
Mr. DAVIS. Not exactly. It would be that
the number in the established Navy should not be
increased;butthatif an officer, now retired, should
be nominated and put on the active list, then the
vacancies which occur until the whole excess has
been reduced to the standard number, shall not be
filled by further promotions.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is the law now.
Mr. HUNTER. That would not attain my
object. I am for confining the numbers to those
which are fixed by the law; thatis, I am for keep-
ing the personnel of the Navy where the law now
fixes it. I will vote for a resolution to enable the
President to nominate to any vacancy that may
occur in any of these classes, if that proviso be
appended.
Mr.MALLORY. Iamunwillingtovoteforthe
amendment of my friend from Delaware, and I
will briefly state tile reasons. The courts of in-
quiry were open to every officer who was affected
by the retiring board. I believe about one hun-
dred and nine officers only applied; perhaps there
were one hundred and ten. Nine, 1 think, with-
drew; and of the remainder, the courts of inquiry
have restored to the active service, if we are to
judge by the printed reports in the papers, thirty-
three; they have changed from the furlough to the
reserved list twenty-nine, and they have left un-
changed, where the retiring board placed them,
some forty-nine.
Now it is proposed to extend this provision to
those officers who refused to go before the courts
of inquiry. There is no pretense that they were out
of the eountry and had not the opportunity. We
are called upon to vote for the amendment on the
ground that it was a matter of pride with some
that they would not go before a court of inquiry.
If it was a matter of pride in the first instance,
will not pride restrain them hereafter, when they
shall have an opportunity in the fu ture—for a court
of inquiry is the natural and efficient resort to
which the President will come, to inquire into
their efficiency? Is not a court of inquiry that
court to which naval officers always resort > Talk
to us of officers, as a matter of pride, refusing to
go to that tribunal which the law and the custom
of the service to which they belong specially points
them! No, sir; they have refused to go before the
court, though it has been open for twelve months;
and now it is proposed to extend the action of
these courts of inquiry—that is all—because the
President of the United States will resort to them;
he will not undertake to wade through the records
of parties applying to him without the aid of
scrutinizers.
One of these records, to my knowledge, now
amounts to six hundred pages; and you not only
entail on the President the labor of examining it,
but you entail further on him, for time out of
mind, without limitation, for years hence if you
please, on the application of any persons who
nave been retired by the board, although they re-
fused to go before the court, the burden of under-
taking their investigation. In view of the labor
it might throw on the Executive, after the ample
opportunity these parties have had, I would say
reject this amendment. If there is any pretense
that there has been any case where injustice has
been done and an officer has unjustly been with-
held from going before the courts of inquiry, that
he was out of the country, that he was sick, that
any reasonable excuse can be given for failing to
avail himself of the provisions the law has pointed
out, I will vote for it immediately; but I cannot
see the propriety of voting for this amendment as
it is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dislike, very much, to de-
tain the Senate, but I have one or two remarks to
make in opposition to the proposition of my friend
from Delaware. I do not desire to refer to the
policy of this law, as originally passed by us, any
further than to recall to the recollection of the Sen-
ate that there was one universal concurrence in
the opinion that the Navy required an extensive
and radical reform. A difference of opinion ex-
ists as to the wisdom of the measures which we
adopted for that reform. Those measures have
been very thoroughly discussed in the Senate, and
of course it is not now my puipose to recur to the
arguments which I used in defending them, or to
reply to those which have, oil"different occasions,
been used in opposition.
But, sir, on the representation of those officers
whose names had been reported as proper to be
put on aleave of absence or furlough list, loud com-
plaint was made that they had been condemned,
as it was termed, unheard; that a secret tribunal
had passed upon their merits, and that in many
cases they had been deprived of rank and office
on rumors which they could prove to be unjust.
The theory of the law, as I originally understood
it, was a simple examination into the efficiency of
those officers to perform public duty—not their
characters, not their moral standing, but that kind
of inquiry which every employer has at all times
a right to institute in relation to the capacity of
his employe to perform effective duty. Yielding,
however, to the complaints of those officers, which
in some instances, I must confess, appeared to be
well founded, we authorized every person dissat-
isfied with the result of the inquiry, to ask for a
fresh examination—an examination to suit him-
self, and gave him an opportunity which was all
that he said he craved, to introduce the witnesses
who could disprove the suggestions made against
his efficiency in theservice. Many officers availed
themselves of these courts of inquiry, and have
thus proven that they were sincere in the com-
plaints they originally made. Others by their
silence and inaction have evinced, as lam entitled
to infer, ail entire acquiescence in the position to
which they were reduced by the action of the first
retiring board. There are over one hundred offi-
cers, if I am not mistaken in my recollection, per-
fectly satisfied, so far as we have reason to know,
with their position as retired officers. About one
hundred officers asked foran examination. Some
thirty or forty have succeeded on that examina-
tion in having their status in the Navy changed to
their benefit, and nominations in relation to those
officers are understood to be before us, although
the suggestions on that subject have been made,
I think rather indiscreetly in open session, where
we have no rightto referto the presidential action
on appointments. Still it has been taken for
granted as a fact publicly known, that a certain
number of those officers have been recommended
for restoration to their former rank in the Navy.
Now my friend from Delaware ingrafts on the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi, an
amendment to throw open the Navy list to all
of these one hundred and odd officers, who, by
their silence, during the whole time allowed them
by law for making complaint, have signified their
acquiescence in the position to which they have
been reduced, and that it shall be within the dis-
cretion of the President to restore the whole of
these one hundred and ten retired officers to the
active hst of the Navy. I understand the amend-
ment of my friend to be that it shall be within the
discretion of the President to nominate for resto-
ration to the Navy or for superior status to that now
occupied by them,all officers whohave notchosen
to demand courts of inquiry. If this proposition
is dictated by a desire to do honor to one distin-
guished exception, in whose case my friend from
Delaware seems to take peculiar interest, if the
idea is on account of eminent public service to
do honor to Commodore Stewart, and a law is
brought forward for his exceptional case, I might
be tempted to vote for it, in order to oblige my
friend from Delaware, however I might be op-
posed to exceptional legislation of this kind; but I
trust that the Senate will reflect long and well ere
it consents to throw within Executive power the
restoration to rank and office of over one hun-
dred officers of the Navy, who are now upon the
retired and furlough lists, whose pay is inferiorto
that which they would be entitled to if they were
restored to the active list, who are now without
the line of promotion, and. therefore cannot, for
the future, increase the expenses of the Navy, and
all that, so far as I can see, with a desire of reach-
ing one or two exceptional cases. The whole
work would be undone, the Navy restored to the
condition in which it was before the reform took
place, and I think with very deleterious effect on
the public scrvice.
Thera is ons consideration, Mr. President,
which, it seems to me, ought to strike Senators
with some force. It is this: if you look around
upon the list ofSenators who supported this reform
and those who were opposed to it, you will find
the singular fact, almost without exception, that
every Senator who represents a commercial com-
munity, every Senator whose avocation or pre-
vious pursuits in life have led him to an intimate
acquaintance with the Navy, all those who live
on the sea-shore, or in large ports, supported this
reform; whilst those gentlemen who lived in the
interior, and whose attention had not been brought
so directly to a knowledge of those abuses which
existed in the Navy, have had their sympathies
appealed to by particular friends and the relatives
of particular friends to such a point that in almost
every instance, with a desire to reach and benefit
a particular individual, they have not hesitated to
oppose the entire measure of reform. I say that
this existed in many cases. I by no means at-
tempt to impute these partial views to every Sen-
ator who opposed the reform measure; but I
think it is somewhat singular that nearly every
gentleman' whose former life brought him into
active or immediate connection with commercial
or naval matters was strenuous in support of this
reform. Now the proposition of my friend from
Delaware breaks it all up again by giving the op-
portunity, at the discretion of the Executive, of
restoring the whole of these retired officers to
the active list of the Navy, wherever they have
thought proper not to demand a fresh inquiry. I
trust the Senate will vote that down at least. So
far as the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is concerned, I am not in favor of it, but
it cannot do much harm, and I shall not be stren-
uous in my opposition to it.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana entirely misunderstood me if he sup-
posed it was with reference to any individual in-
terest of mine in any particular case that I moved
this amendment. 1 sought to illustrate the mat-
ter by a case within my knowledge, but not one
that appealed particularly to me. I think neither
the honorable Senator from Louisiana nor any
other member of this body, has had less regard
to the individuals who might be reached by the
operation of the former law or of the present law,
than I have had. I think the honorable Senator
is under a mistake as to the mode in which he
classifies the different interests in opposition to
the law for the reform of the Navy, passed in 1855.
I do not claim for myself any particular knowledge
of the Navy, but I rather think I have perhaps as
much knowledge of the naval service and naval
officers as many of those who voted for that law.
I thought, however, from the beginning, that it
was an iniquitous law. I thought it was a law
that struck at the very foundations of the service.
I think its effect has been, and will be, never to
produce any good to the Navy, under any cir-
cumstances comparable to the evil which has
flown from it; and I was willing at the last ses-
sion, as I am now, to give a discretion to the
President, with the consent of the Senate, with-
out any courts of inquiry at ail, to replace any
officer on the list without further action.
I should be perfectly willing t® take that courso,
and I have thought it more advisable than th 
course which was taken by the law providing for
these courts of inquiry. 1 believe they have only
tended to produce heart-burnings and jealousies
in the Navy. The results of their findings being
mere matters of opinion, and not a judgment upon
specific facts, I think they are nearly as likely
to have arrived at a wrong result as the naval
board, where the hearing was purely ex parte. I
am not satisfied with the mode of inquiry, and
therefore I desire, at any time when it may be
within my power, to bring it back to its true prin-
ciple, and leave the President on his responsibility
to nominate any of these officers to us for restor-
ation. I am not willing, however, to let the power
be partially exercised, te include some and ex-
clude others.
I think my friend from Louisiana is mistaken
in his idea that the officers who did not go before
the courts, acquiesced in the findings of the naval
hoard. How did they acquiesce ? They could
not rebel against your law; they could not alter
their position after you had chosen to retire them
without a hearing. Numbers of them did not
come here to complain, but some did. Many
who did not complain felt aggrieved—seriously
