1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^9h
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Zollicoffer.
Ho. of Reps.
am notconsistent. That word " consistency" is
a coward's word. It is the refuge of selfishness
and timidity. I will do right to-day, and jet yes-
terday take care of itself. That word consist-
ency 5' is what has lured many a noble man to
ruin. It has stopped all generous reform. When
I am ready to adopt it, and to depart from prac-
ticability, I will join the immovable civilization
of China, and take the false doctrines of Confu-
cius for my guide, with their backward-looking
thoughts.
These are my reasons, these are the leasons
that animate my associates among the Republi-
cans. And I tell you, the common enemy, fairly
and openly, that our cause is just, and our union
is perfect. We Republicans will place to-morrow
our united vote upon the record in favor of the
substitute. Our great chieftain here, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] with his white hairs, who has stood for
twenty years the great champion of Liberty, we
will bear with affection to the record—to this de-
termination he has come, after much thought. At
last, he felt that his principles required him so to
vote, and, obeying the impulses of an honest and
patriotic and not fanatical heart, he points the way
of duty and victory. The member from South
Carolina, [Mr. Miles,] if he knew him better,
would find his heart to be a loving one; and I will
tell that member that his interests and the inter-
ests of South Carolina are safer to-day in the
hands of that good old man, than they are in the
hands of the most malignant of doughfaces. I
say our Union is perfect. We will put our votes
on record to-morrow in favor of the substitute,
not as a choice of evils, but because it is the good
thing to do; itis the only thing for honest men to
do, if we wish to have Kansas a free State.
Mr. Chairman, a great many thoughts suggest
themselves to my mind, to which I would like to
give utterance. I am told that my time is about
to expire, and therefore will not prolong my re-
marks to greater length. I say, for our party, that
we are ready. We seek no postponement of the
question. All that men could do, we have done.
We have argued the question; we have implored;
we have voted*, we have done everything to secure
our triumph; we have been baffled by parliament-
ary tactics; we have been sometimes betrayed.
The President has given way; the Senate has
given way; but, thank God, the tribunes of the
people, standing here m this House, have not yet
betrayed their tiust. They stand firm, and my
high hope is—I do not know why, looking to our
past conflicts here, I should have it—that on the
great to-motrow, when the sun shall aink behind
the hills of our own loved Virginia, this Lecoinp-
t-on constitution will be defeated, Kansas will be
saved, and the whole country repose m good will,
and peace dwell m all our borders.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. P. K. ZOLLICOFFER
OF TENNESSEE,
In tiie Housi; of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
T!ie Hou^e l>ein£ in the Committee of the Whole on tne
suteofthe Union—
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER said:
Mr. Chairman: Upon this Kansas question I
had intended silently to cast a vote for the admis-
sion of the new State, without troubling the com-
mittee with the particular reasons controlling my
action; but, finding that I am compelled to sep-
arate on this question from some of my most
respected political friends, and perceiving that
among the friends of the bill, as well as its oppo-
nents, there has been a great diversity of opinion
upon different points of the argument, I have con-
cluded that it may be better for me to state the
facts and reasons which have had most weight in
determining my "vote, that none may misunder-
stand them.
I must say that it is with much regret that I
find my political friends divided on this important
question, and with regret that I find some of the
ii lends of the bill giving it support upon piemises
that I have no sympathies with. This, however,
seems to be counterbalanced by the fact that the
bill is opposed for almost all sorts of conflicting
reasons.
I will endeavor to present my own view of the
question. Kansas is before us asking for admis-
sion into the Union, with a constitution regularly
adopted in accordance with the principles guaran-
tied in the Kansas-Nebraska bill—a constitution
republican in form, and adopted by her people
under all the sanctions and formalities of law.
The question has been raised, is this constitution
in accordance with the will of the people ? If the
will of the people is to be ascertained by the pop-
ular vote cast at the regular legal elections, it cer-
tainly embodies the will of the people of Kansas.
And if we are not to regard the expressed will of
the people at the ballot-box, where all are free to
vote, I am unable to discover where else we are
to find a test—a reliable test, by which safely to
determine what is the popular will. We are en-
tirely at sea, if this is not a test. If not now,
neither would it be a test if you weie to submit it
to another vote. How can you have a reliable
tost, if, when the people come up to the ballot-box
and fairly cast their suffrages, and none are re-
strained, as I will presently endeavor to show was
the case in this instance, we are to be told that
this shall not be regarded as an indication of the
sentiment of the people? If, then, the constitu-
tion is republican, if it has been legitimately
adopted, and if it contains no provision plainly
in conflict with the Constitution of the United
States, it does seem to me that it is the privilege of
the new State to ask for admission, and that it is
our duty to receive it into the Union, without
looking further into the instrument itself to see
whetherits provisions are mall respects just such
as we wouU have made them.
In acting upon the question of admitting a State
in the Union, Congress should not receive or re-
ject the State upon the mere ground of like or dis-
like of provisions in the constitution. Another
State mightnever be admi'ted if this weie the tule.
But were I permitted to dj< ido this question upon
what I find in the constitution, I must frankly say
that I find in this instrument that which highly
commends it to my regard. I find at the very
foundation of it the great American principle that
none but citizens of the United States shall be per-
mitted to vote in the elections, or otherwise con-
trol the political destinies of the State. For this,
and for other provisions, American in their char-
acter, incorporated in it, I lieaitiiy return to its
ftameis my .smcerest thanks. My belief is, how-
ever, that if the provisions I refer to were not to
be found thoie, other things being right, it would
be my duty to vote for the admission of the new
State. I find in it another striking featiue—and
it is that upon which almost the whole question,
unfortunately, is made to turn—the recognition of
the institution of African slavery. There can be
little doubt that it is on this account that a violent
and relentless war has been waged upon it by a
majority of its opponents. The great mass of
those who oppose the admission of Kansas into
the Union, oppose it because it comes with a pro-
slavery constitution.
Many of thorn have, indeed, gone so far as to
pledge themselves never to vote for the admission
of another slave State into the Union. What a
spirit is this ! in a Union of States such as ours,
formed ouginally between slave States and free,
and m which they are still of nearly equal num-
bers.
That I should sympathize with such feelings,
or m any way cooperate with those who enter the
contcstammated by so deadly a spirit of hostility
to the people of fifteen States of the Union, will
not for a moment be expected by any who know
me.
By a brief recurrence to historical facts, I will
now endeavor to show what I regard as the mam
point—that this constitution is certainly the result
of the deliberate action of the people of Kansas,
regularly passing through the various stages of
legal action to its final adoption.
In 1854, Congress passed the Kansas-Nebraska
act, organizing a temporary territorial govern-
ment for Kansas, in which it was declared that.
| " the legislative power" of the Territory *' shall
i extend to all rightful subjects of legislation, con-
' sistent with the Constitution of the United States
and the provisions of this act." Among the
'^rightful subjects of legislation" alluded to, was
doubtless that of proposing, at the proper time,
for taking the sense of the people of the Territory
upon the question of adopting a State constitution.
This is apparent from the nineteenth section of
the act, which, after declaring the territorial gov-
ernment to be " temporary'* in its character, looks
to the future admission of Kansas into the Union
as a State, expressly providing that, " when ad-
mitted as a State, or States, the said Territory, or
any portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitu-
tion may prescribe at the time." We have heard
much said lately about the necessity for an " en-
abling act;" this is a modern necessity that I
attach very little consequence to. I see no more
necessity for enabling acts now than there was in
the earlier days of the Republic, when they were
unknown and unrequired. But if one is now
thought to be needed, here is an enabling act; and
I quote the language of the organic act to show
palpable authority to the Territorial Legislature
for taking the initiatory step in preparing for a
constitution, and for admission into the Union as
a State. The legislative power of the Territory
extended to " all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of the organic act. The
legislative step, submitting to the people the ques-
tion as to whether they would frame a State con-
stitution, was not only consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the provisions
of the organic act, but was expressly warranted
in this nineteenth section, which defined the " tem-
porary" character of the territorial government,
and looked forward to the formation of " a State,
or States."
In accordance, therefore, with this recognition
of its right and duty, the Territorial Legislature,
in July, 1855, passed an act providing that a poll
should be opened for taking the sense of the peo-
ple upon the expediency of calling a convention
to frame a State constitution. This vote was di-
rected to be taken at the general election, to come
off in October, 185G. Thus they gave ample time
to consider this question. When the day came,
the people voted; they voted withoutinterruption.
I have never heard that there was fraud charged
in taking that vote; and a very large majority of
the people determined that they would change
the lorm of their government, and for that pur-
pose call a convention to adopt a constitution.
At a subsequent session of the Legislature, in
February, 1857, some months after this result
had been ascertained, an act was passed providing
for taking a census of tiie people, for making a
registry of the voteis, and for the election of del-
egates to the convention. This was all regular.
The census and registry were taken, except in
certain counties, where it was resisted and pre-
vented by the violence of the Free-Soil party; and
when the day appointed for the election of dele-
gates came, which was the third Monday in June,
1857. the delegates were chosen by popular vote,
and on the first Monday of September they as-
sembled in convention, and, after due delibera-
tion, adopted the constitution which is now be-
fore us. I know of no fraud charged in connec-
tion with this election, or with this result; except
that the very anti-slavery extremists, who pre-
vented a full census and registry, now have the
effrontery to complain of the failure to take a full
census and icgistry.
There was one great and only question which
had divided the people of the Territory. Every
gentleman knows, whatever may be his position
upon this issue, that there was but one great ques-
tion dividing the people, and that was the ques-
tion of slavery. The convention had inserted in
the constitution a slavery clause; but as it was
doubtful whether a majority of the people pre-
ferred that the State should be a slaveholding
State, they very properly submitted that question,
and that question only, to the popular vote.
I maintain that in no other way could the sense
of the people have been so clearly ascertained upon
this most exciting question. There were doubt-
less some minor questions upon which the people
differed in opinion; but if they had complicated
this question with other and minor issues, there
would have been great uncertainty as to what the
sense of the people was upon the question of sla-
