2854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
given, the whole subject is before the Senate ftfr
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Illinois
will permit me. If I understand the gentleman
who made the report, the only object is to get the
papers in the hands of the Printer as soon as pos-
sible. If, after this order be given, there is any-
thing that the Senator from Illinois wants added,
there can be no possible objection to its being
added. If there is anything whatever omitted that
he wishes put in, the committee, or a majority of
the committee, will add it to its report and have
it printed. There is nothing here for printing but
what was before our committee. If the Senator
is afraid that anything may have been omitted
which he would like to have printed, it shall be
added on his suggestion at any moment after we
have made the order to print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report is brought
here in the midst of pending business. I was not
aware myself that it was coming in. When the
committee last met, it was not determined as to
"what the report would be. I have had myself
no impression what the report would be. I did
not know what papers would come in. The
report is not a unanimous one. Certainly it is
not unanimous, as far as I am concerned, because
I did not know that it was to be made, and there
was some disagreement in the committee. It
seemed to me notvery unreasonable that the Sena-
tor from Ohio should suffer these papers to lie half
an hour to be looked at. The case has been here
more than a year, I have repeatedly called atten-
tion to it. I do not propose to delay it for any
length of time. I merely wish to run over the list
of papers, informing the Senator, at the same time,
that before the Senate adjourns he can take his
Older, for I do not wish to resist it; but it looks
to me exceedingly discourteous to a member of
the committee, and unreasonable to insist that the
volt; must be taken this moment, and no other mo-
ment:.
I can accomplish all the object I have by fol-
lowing tiie suggestion made by the Senator from
Louisiana. If any paper which is omitted can be
added afterwards, perhaps it is as well-, but it
seemed to me that it was not thiowing any ob-
stacle in the way, or asking anything unreason-
able, to request that the papers should lie on the
table for a few moments, until I could see what
they were; and I was a little astonished, and am
now, that anybody should make an objection to
such a proposition. It is all I asked; and had the
suggestion been made at lirst, perhaps I should
iiave fallen into jt at once; but, having asked
merely to see the list of papers, I still insist that
it is but courteous and pioper that I should have
that oppoi tunity. I tiust that, if the Senator in-
sists upon his motion to print the papers instanter,
the Senate will vote it down, f give notice to the
Senate that I do not wish to delay the matter be-
yond its present sitting. 1 merely want to see
what the papers are, they never having been sub-
mitted to me at all in the committee, and I not
knowing what were to be reported, the report not
having been agreed upon when the committee last
met. If there is anything unreasonable in that, I
certainly cannot perceive it.
Mr. PUG LI. What the Senator from Illinois
demands ns a matter of right, that ho shall have;
but when lie puts to me a mere question of cour-
tesy, and I mala' him a courteous answer, but he
chooses to persist, he can take all he can get by
that. .Now, i stated to him at the time that if
tlier^ was any paper omitted, he should have the
opportunity to add it. That suggestion was re-
peated by the Senator from Louisiana. He did
not take it from me, though he took jt from my
colleague on the committee. So much as to the
question of courtesy, lie has no right to the
papers at all. That is the report of the majority
of the committee. Who gave him the right to
oveihaul their papery^ Nobody. He has no
sueh right.
As to the question whether the committee acted,
there is no doubt about that. A vote was taken
at a special meeting of (He committee on last Sat-
urday morning, to which the Senator has referred.
Two of the members were absent. The chair-
man then stated to the committee, and it was
ajrre.-d upon that he should take their votes. He
did repoit their votes, and I was instructed by the
majority of the committee to make this report. I
should have made it during the morning hour,
only I was not able to get a sufficient memoran-
dum of the extracts from the House Journal of the
Legislature of Indiana, and I have been com-
pelled to wait here for that purpose.
Now as to the importance of time: we are at
the end of the session, and if we are to decide the
case at all, the papers ought to be printed, and
printed at once. Many hours to-day may be
saved. I do not know but that we can get the
papers printed by to-morrow morning, if we do
not delay them.
I say again, what I said at first. The Senator
would not take it from me, though he took it from
the Senator from Louisiana. If there is a single
paper which he deems material, it shall be added.
I do not admit the right of the Senator from Illi-
nois to take possession of a report which I make
to the Senate for his own private purposes; and
I say, therefore, that when he spoke to me as to
n. question of courtesy, I made a courteous an-
swer. When he claims a right, I stand on my
right to insist that the question shall be put on
the printing. If the Senate do not choose to vote
for it, that is none of my business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish nothing, sir, but
what is right and proper; and the Senator from
Ohio, I presume, will have to wait before he gets
his question put on the printing. It is my right
to object to that motion. I may move to post-
pone it, or to make any other motion which I
think proper to make; and I suppose it to be my
right, being a member of the committee, to see
the papers before the committee. 1 suppose it
my right, without the permission of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator claim the right
to see my report from the. committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 claim the rightrwhen the
report is made, to see it; I claim the right as a
member of the committee to know what the com-
mittee report. There is very little in having com-
mittees if the papers referred to them are not to
be shown to the members of the committees. I do
not know that there is any impoitance at all in the
suggestion which I made; certainly no tone would
have been taken up with it but for the persistency
of the Senator from Ohio. All I asked was simply
to look at the papers which lie had reported to be
printed—papers which have been before the com-
mittee, and with which wearesomewhatfamiliar.
I presume there are no new papers there which I
Inive not seen; but I desire to know whether all
the papers sue embraced which those members
of the committee who do not agree with die Sen-
ator from Ohio think ought to he piinted—a mat-
tei which can be determined in a veiy few min-
utes. The Senator is not willing that I should
have that opportunity. Now, m ordei to test the
view of the Senate to know whether it is unrea-
sonable or not, I make a distinct motion to post-
pone the consideration of the order to punt for
one hour. I do not wish more than an hour to
examine them.
Mr HUNTER. I hope that by general con-
sent the matter will he laid aside for one hour, so
that we may go on with the loan bill. I presume
the Senator fiom Ohio will not object.
Air. PUGII. I do object.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
After disposing, foi the day, of the loan bill,
Mr. Benjamin again called up the subject.
Mr. PUG 11. I withdraw the motion to print,
which 1 made. I have a right to withdraw it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We must print the papers.
I lenew the motion. The Senator makes his re-
port, and 1 move to punt it.
Mr. PUG LI. I have made the report under in-
structions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to print it.
Mr. PUGH. I made the motion to print, this
morning, and I now withdraw that motion, it not
having been acted upon. As to the resolution it-
self, that will come up hereafter. 1 now ask the
Senate to excuse me from further service as a
member of the Committee on the Judu uu y.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisian a.
Mr. PUGH. I withdrew the motion to print,
and I do not think the Senator from Louisiana
got the floor to make any motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair rec-
ognized the right of the Senator from Ohio to
make the motion, and to withdraw it; and then
the Senator from Louisiana interposed a motion
to print the report and accompanying documents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I want to see what the re-
port is. I want it printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I made my motion before the
Senator from Louisiana got the floor away from
me. I now make it again, however—that the Sen-
ate excuse me from further service upon the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 24, 185S.
House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer by
Rev. F. Swentzel.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, asking an appropriation to repay Robert J.
Walker, late Governor of Kansas, for certain ex-
traordinary expenses incurred by him while Gov-
ernor of thatTeiritory; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be piinted.
Also, a communication fiom the Secretary of
the Treasury, setting forth the receipts and dis-
bursements for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for 1856-7; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. J. B. Henry, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed the following acts:
An act to prevent the inconvenient accumula-
tion in the Post Office Department of postmasters*
quarterly letnrns;
An act to create a land district in the Territory
of New Mexico;
An act to revive an act entitled " An net for the
relief of the heirs, or their le«al representatives, of
William Conway, deceased;"
An act for the relief of Regis Loisel or his
legal representatives;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
William Smith, deceased, late of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Isaac Drew and other
settleisupon the public land* in the State of Wis-
consin,
Jomt resolution for paying the compensation of
stenographers employed by committees of the
House of Representatives;
An act for the relief of Brevet Major H. L.
Kend rick;
An act for the relief of Isaac Carpenter;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Mane Melines;
An act to amend an act entitled " A n act grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson;"
An act foi the relief of Pierre Gagnon, of Nach-
itoches, Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Thomas Smithers:
An act to increase the pension of John Rich-
mond; and
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first m
order was business for the District of Columbia,
made a special order for this day and to-morrow.
Mi. GOODE. I am very happy to inform the
House that the Committee for the District ot Co-
lumbia have determined to retain in their own
room for the remainder of the session all the busi-
ness relating to the District of Columbia which
: does not meet the unanimous approval of the com-
i mittee. They will repot t no business to the
| House which might give rise to any debate; and
j they will, therefore, occupy but little of the time
i of the House.
I MICHAEL NASH.
| Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
i trictof Columbia, made an adverse report upon the
I bill of the Senate (No. 261) for the relief of Michael
