1330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Michigan and o,thers thought we could get through
with it in ten or fifteen minutes. The Committee
on Military Affairs desire to pi'omote the public
business by seeking an executive session. I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the doors were
closed. After being some time engaged there-
in, the doors were reopened; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 95, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 26th of Jan-
uary, requesting the President to communicate to
the House " so much of the correspondence be-
tween the late Secretary of War and Major Gen-
eral John E. Wool, late commander of the Pacific
department, relative to the affairs of such depart-
ment as has not heretofore been published under
a call of the House,"all the correspondence called
for so far as is afforded by the files of the War
Department; which, on motion of Mr. Faulk-
ner, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and with the accompanying papers or-
dered to be printed.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting new schedules of public and
private land claims in New Mexico, reported by
the surveyor general of that Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN MAIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting estimates of the sums required for
the foreign mail service, and across the Isthmus
of Panama, for the year ending July 1,1858; and
estimates of the sums of money required for the
service of the year ending June 30, 1850; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
THE KANSAS QUESTION.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
in order that all sides may be prepared, I wish
that, by common consent, some day may be fixed
when action shall be taken on the Kansas bill. I
am willing that ample time shall be given for dis-
cussion, and that no hasty steps shall be taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, this ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas has been dis-
cussed during the whole of this session. Kindred
questions have been discussed, to my personal
knowledge, for the past nine years, and I thmk I
mayappeal to theSpeakerfor testimony to corrob-
orate what I say. This Kansas question stands
now in the way of all the material interests of this
country. It blocks up public business and private
business. For one,l am ready to meet the ques-
tion to-day, or to-morrow, with or without debate.
I feel it due to the great interests of the country
that we should come speedily to a vote. I there-
fore suggest to the gentleman from Georgia that,
by common consent, we agree to take up that bill
to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
gest, Mr. Speaker, to the House 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
is unusually thin at this moment, and perhaps
upon consultation, when more members are here,
some day may be agreed upon by common con-
sent; but I am not willing now to make any agree-
ment.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Is this question in order?
If it is not, I object to the whole thing.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. UjNDERWOOD. I would be very glad
if the gentleman from Georgia would indicate a
day when, in his judgment, we should take action
upon that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to any further debate upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Neither the gentleman
from Georgia, nor myself, nor any other mem-
ber, has a right to indicate when this vote shall
be taken, but 
Mr. BURROUGHS. I inquired of the Chair
if this question was properly before the House.
If not, I objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair answered that it
was not regularly before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will then
simply give notice that next Tuesday week I shall
move to 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Allow me to suggest to
the gentleman that he say next Tuesday.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Say this day week.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This House has already
agreed to adjourn upon the first Monday of June,
and it will be impossible to. transact the business
of the country in that time, unless we speedily act
upon this Kansas question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I wish to suggest
that, in all human probability, if not embarrassed
by action now, we may make some mutual ar-
rangement fixing the day when this matter shall
be brought up and acted upon. But we never
can do it by this kind of discussion in the House.
We had better have an agreement which will suit
all parties; and I think itcan be consummated, if
gentlemen will only wait. Perhaps during the day
the arrangement can be made, and notice given
of it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, I with-
draw my suggestion.
Mr. LETCHER. Allow me a single moment.
We have the deficiency bill before the commit-
tee; and as it is my desire to endeavor to get it
disposed of, I trust, as the House hasagreed that
this debate is to close to-morrow night, we may
go on with the measure and dispose of it between
that time and Tuesday. If it is to go over, and
other matter is to intervene, we will probably
occupy three or four times as much time in the
end, as we shall occupy now in bringing it to a
conclusion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I think an
agreement will be made I withdraw my sugges-
tions, and move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tin; Tiemuty be request-
ed to communicate to this House all information in ins pos-
session, including reports by persons appointed to examine
the ease, relating to the alleged robbery of John Hastings,
late collector of customs at PiUsbuig.
MEMORIAL AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BILLINGHURST, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the memorial of the Legislature
of the State of Wisconsin, for the amount of the
five per cent, due from the sale of public lands
lying within that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of New York, in reference to the admission
of Kansas; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
BREAKWATER IN DELAWARE BAY.
Mr. LANDY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Commerce a bill making
an appropriation for constructing a breakwater on
Crow shoal, in the Delaware bay; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
and oidered to be printed.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
br siness.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to report
two bills, merely for the purpose of having them
printed. They are bills relating to the mode and
manner of collecting and disbursing the revenue,
and to which no gentleman perhaps will object.
Mr. GROW. I object; and call for the regular
order of business.
The motion of Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, was
then agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the deficiency bill.
Mr. TALBOT, who was entitled to the floor,
yielded to his colleague, Mr. Pkyton.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr.PEYTON. Mr. Chairman, in coming be-
fore the committee to-day to present my views
upon a question which has been discussed for
many days, I labor under considerable embar-
rassment; but, in what I have to say in regard to
this question, I shall give you my views frankly
and candidly, and the reasons why I am in favor
of the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution.
In order to make up a fair and just opinion on
this question, it is absolutely necessary to trace
up its history and origin; and to take not only the
recorded evidence, but the under current, got from
newspaper reports and conversations had with va-
rious persons, and bring all in as auxiliary testi-
mony. I admit that this question is complicated;
that it admits of doubt; and I think that the only
way to arrive at a just conclusion in this matter,
is to lay aside all party prejudices, and examine
| it with scrutiny, carefully and honestly. I have
! no doubt that thus we can come to a just conclu-
sion in regard to it.
Now, sir, ten years ago I was a member of this
House. After the passage of the Missouri com-
promise in 1820, peace and tranquillity were re-
stored to the country. But, growing out of the
Mexican war, we had acquired a large extent of
territory. A question then sprang up as to what
disposition should be made of that acquisition.
The northern men said that no slavery existed in
that territory, and that they never would give a
vote to extend slavery into territory then free.
The southern men said: " We contributed our
share of men and money in the acquisition of this
territory. The bones of our sons, who died to
acquire it, now bleach upon the plains of Mex-
ico; and we ask to have a fair participation in its
benefits." The North refused; and the gentleman
now in the chair, and others around me, well rec-
ollect the struggle that followed at the close of
Polk's administration.
That was the spirit that pervaded the North.
The southern men found out that, although north-
ern men were willing to stand shoulder to shoul-
der with them and fight the battles of the country,
yet, if territory were acquired by their joint blood
and treasure, the South would be excluded from
that territory. Then it was that alarm spread
through the country. The sage of Ashland and
the statesmen of that day came forth fiom their
homes and settled that great question. And how
was it settled? The Democrats of the North,
while many of them entertained the opinion that
Congress had power to exclude slavery from the
Territories, agreed that it was unjust to the South
to do so; and they were willing that both south-
ern and northern men should go into the Terri-
tories, and settle there as friends and neighbors;
and, when they came to form a State govern-
ment, they should take the vote, and slavery
should be recognized or excluded, according to
the will of the majority. That was fair and just.
But no sooner had that bill passed, than there was
a storm created in the North in opposition to it.
Again, Mr. Chairman, in 3854, Congress met;
and, inasmuch as a portion of that territory which
was governed by the Missouri compromise had
been taken to make up the territory governed by
the compromise of 1850, Congress repealed the
Missouri restriction, and applied, in 1854, the
same principle that had been applied in 1850.
What then occurred, Mr. Chairman? Did par-
ties all submit to the will of the majority, and
agree faithfully and honestly to abide by the law
ofCongress? Notso,sir. An organization sprang
I up into existence at the moment. That organiza-
tion contributed men and money; the avowed ob-
ject being to send men into Kansas, to maintain
them there, and to get them to vote slavery out
of the Territory.
Now, sir, in all sorts of difficulties it is a mat-
ter of the first importance to find out who was the
aggressor—who was wrong in the beginning. I
do not care how pure and patriotic were the mo-
tives of the association; for they sent into the
