1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2355
Nash, of the District of Columbia; which was laid
on the table, and the bill ordered to be printed.
" TURNPIKE ROAD.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon a memorial relative to a
turnpike road in the District of Columbia; which I
was laid on the table, and the report ordered to
be printed.
BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the bills on the
Speaker's table relating to the business of the
District of Columbia be taken up and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the gentleman from Virginia desires taken
from the Speaker's table for action the bills from
the Senate in reference to the District of Colum-
bia?
Mr. GOODE. That is my desire.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will lay such hills before the House.
There being no objection, the following bills
were taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and disposed of as indicated
below:
An act (S. No. 191) for the benefit of the pub-
lic schools in the city of Washington.
Mr. GOODE. I move that that bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia, it
is not our intention to report it back this session.
The motion was agreed to.
An act (S. No. 182) for the enforcement of
mechanics5 liens on buildings, &c., in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
An act (S. No. 168) to relieve the corporation
of Georgetown from the expense of making and
repairing roads west of Rock creek. Referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
An act (S. No. 227) authorizing the organiza-
tion of a fire department in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. GOODE. That is a bill which has been
matured m the Senate, and its provisions have
been scrutinized by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and unanimously approved by
its members. I therefore move that it now be
read, and put on its passage.
The Clerk road the bill in. extenso.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor, but yielded to Mr. Phelps.
HARDY AND LONG.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to have entered a priv-
ileged motion. My colleague, [Mr. Cari>ihers,]
who is not here because of indisposition, desu-ed
to have entrred a motion to reconsider the vote by
which a bill reported for the relief of Hardy &
Long was referred to the Court of Claims. I
make that motion, and ask that it shall be entered,
to be taken up for action at a future day.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
the Committee for the District of Columbia had
the bill now before the House under considera-
tionjand believed that it was impossible to cor-
rect the disorders of this District by passing a
law of this kind, which gave this corporation
power over an organization which is perfectly
incorrigible. Therefore, they propose to do away
with the policy of fire companies in the District,
and give the Common Council authority to estab-
lish a paid fire department. For that purpose, I
have proposed a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. BLISS. I wish to make an inquiry. If
I heard the Senate bill correctly, it provides that
the members of the fire department shall act in
certain eases as special constables. Is that so r
Mr. DEAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. The Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia will move that that pait of the
bill shall be stricken out.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
the Committee for the District of Columbia were
unanimous m recommending this bill, and were
unanimous on the ground that it was necessary
to provide additional means, or rather more effi-
cient means, for the extinguishment offiros in this
District than are now to be had. The Govern-
ment has erected here immense and expensive
buildings, costing millions of dollars, and which
have been put up within a few years past, and it
is a matter of prudent economy to provide for
some more efficient means of protecting those
buildings from fires than by the present fire en-
gines.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a point of
order. Does not this bill make an appropriation,
and must it not, under the rules, be 'referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The point is well taken.
The substitute makes an appropriation,and must,
therefore, have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I have no ob-
jection to the bill going to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODE. If the bill offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania be voted down, the
original bill will stand, and that does not contain
an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The House, however, would
first have to vote on the substitute.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the original
bill by striking out the provision making firemen
special constables; and then I move that the bill
and amendments be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARY LINE OF TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the unanimous consent I
of the House to take up and agree to certain Sen- |
: ate amendments to the bill for running the bound-
| ary line of Texas?. It is absolutely necessary ,
that, the hill should be passed at once. !
! Mr. DEAN. I call for the regular order of i
j business. j
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RESUMED.
1 An act (S. No. 241) relating to the manner of |
i holdmgand transmitting the title to certain church |
: property therein mentioned, was taken from the i
] Speaker's table, rnd read afirst and second time, j
i Mr. GOODE. There are principles in that bill 1
! which will involve discussion, and 1 move that it
| be referred to the Committee for the District of
j Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill making an
appropriation for the repair of certain roads in the j
county of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOODE. There were sonic other gentlemen
who desired to make reports in leference to the
District of Columbia; but, as I do not see them
present, 1 move that the titles be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr.
Hopkins in the chair,) and took up the Calendar/
of business pertaining to the District of Column
bia. V
DEAF AND DUMB, AND BLIND INSTITUTION. .
The first bill on the Calendar was taken up and t
read, as follows: |
A bill (H. R. No. 217) to amend an act enti- i
tied " An act to incorporate the Columbian Insti-
tute for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb,
and the Blind," approved February 16, 1857.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
take up the Senate bill, winch is identical in its
terms, and consider that in placc of the House
bill.
No objection being made, the Senate bill was
taken up for consideration.
The bill provided that, in addition to the pro-
vision made in the act to which this bill is an
amendment, for the maintenance and tuition of
pupils in said institution, the sum of $3,000 per
annum, payable in quarterly installments, shall
be allowed for a period of five years,.for the pay-
ment of salaries and incidental expenses of said
institution; and that $3,000 be appropriated for
the present fiscal year, payable out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; that
the deaf, dumb, and blind children of all persons
m the military and naval service of the United
States, while such persons are actually in such
service, shall be entitled to instruction in said In-
stitution on the same terms as deaf and dumb and
blind children belonging to the District of Colum-
bia; that all receipts and disbursements under the
bill shall be reported to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, as required in the sixth section of the act to
which this bill is an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask that the report may
be read, and I ask the attention of the committee
to it while it is being read.
The report states that the institution was incor-
porated by Congress at their last session, and the
act of incorporation made provision for the pay-
ment out of the Treasury of $150 per annum for
the maintenance and tuition of each deaf, dumb,
or blind pupil properly belonging to the District
of Columbia, whose parents or guardians were
pecuniarily unable to give them the advantages
of such an institution. The institution thus or-
ganized commenced with five pupils, which num-
ber has since been increased to seventeen, and a
further increase of the number to twenty-five or
more is anticipated within a year, while the num-
ber of this class of unfortunate persons who will
need the benefits of this institution will be fifty
or more within a very few years. Of the seven-
teen pupils now in the institution, fifteen are sup-
ported by the Government, and two by their pa-
rente. Two things were obvious to the committee:
First. That such an enterprise could not be
started without pecuniary grants from some
source, and those not meager or stinted. A few
of the citizens of this District have contributed
liberally for this purpose; but the burden has
borne hard upon the few who have struggled
nobly to give it a hopeful commencement. It is,
however, embarrassed with a portion of the out-
lay absolutely essential to its first successful oper-
ation, which the subscription of the citizens was
not sufficient to meet.
Second. The sum of$150 per annum is not suf-
ficient to feed and clothe a pupil; and even when
parents or guardians furnish the necessary cloth-
ing, it leaves but a small surplus to meet the pay-
ment of salaries and other necessary expenses.
To meet this deficiency, but two sources are open
to the directors. The first is, by soliciting sub-
scriptions from the benevolent. That source, al-
ways uncertain, has, however, during the late
financial trouble, become wholly unavailable. The
other alternative was to petition Congress for the
necessary aid. This the petitioners have done.
It was the opinion of the committee that it will
be very difficult for the directors to carry on this
institution, even in a crippledand inefficient con-
dition, without some aid from the Government.
The object is one which commands the sympathy
of the civilized world. This is seen in the liberal
endowments and assistance which have been
granted similar institutions in Europe, and among
the different States of our Confederacy. The Con-
gress of the United States manifested their appre-
ciation of the objcct not long after the introduc-
tion of the system of mute instruction into this
country, by a generous donation of lands to the
American asylum at Hartford, Connecticut, and
of which that institution has accumulated a fund
of about three hundred thousand dollars. Grants
of land have also been made by Congress to the
deaf and dumb, as well as the insane asylums of
Kentucky; and the same body has also provided
most liberally for the insane of this District.
Many of the States have also made ample pro-
vision for the instruction of these unfortunate
classes of their population, by the construction
of buildings, and a jwr capita allowance for indi-
gent pupils, besides making annual appropria-
tions to pay salaries and meet contingencies. The
amount allowed last year for board, tuition, and
clothing, in the New York institution for the
deaf and dumb, was ยฃ>180 for each pupil; in addi-
tion to which the Legislature makes a regular
appropriation of ยง5,000, per annum.
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia, In-
diana, North Carolina, Michigan, Texas, and
perhaps other States, have institutions for the
instruction of the deaf and dumb, or of the blind,
or both, which have been established, and are
supported, m whole or in part, by appropriations
from the State treasuries. The committee could
not recommend Congress to be less mindful of that
unfortunate class of our fellow beings within their
jurisdiction than are the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States enumerated. The committee were in-
i.
