1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. of Reps.
the pro-slavery vote on that occasion was actually
smaller than it was a few days after in the elec-
tion of State officers. In the elections last fall,
for a Territorial Legislature, there is evidence of
fraud; and there appears to have been fraud, to
some extent, in the election on the 4th of January.
But these elections, it must be remembered, had
no connection whatever with the adoption of the
constitution; and in the latter case, particularly,
there is reason to believe that the frauds are as
Jikely to have been committed on one side as on
the other.
It is curious to observe how ready certain gen-
tlemen are to believe any charge of fraud against
the law-abiding men of the Territory, and how
slow they are to see that the law-resisting, revolu-
tionary men, who have committed so many out-
rages, have ever winked at fraud. Why, sir, this
cry of " fraud" was commenced by the anti-sla-
very men here in Congress on the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and it has been kept up
ever since. That bill was itself Called a fraud.
When the first Territorial Legislature was elected,
it, too, was declared to beafraud, though no proof
was ever offered to show it; and Governor Reeder
himself even certified to the correctness of the re-
turns. Indeed, the census taken at the time shows
that" there was a large majority of southern voters
in the Territory, and no necessity for fraud on the
part of the pro-slavery men.
Mr. Chairman, I call attention to the fact, that
at that point of time there was a majority of south-
ern men there by the oflicial census of the Terri-
tory.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman how he as-
certains that?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I understand it from a
passage in the report of the Republican investi-
gating committee at the last Congress. It quotes
the census taken a month before the election.
Mr. BLAIR. That there was a majority of
pro-slavery men there ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. That there was a ma-
jority of southern men there.
Mr. BLAIR. Weil, that is a very diffeient af-
fair.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I think there fire very
few men from the South such as the member from
Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. That is a matter of opinion.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then, if it is a matter
of opinion, you need not have interrupted me.
When the congressional Delegate was elected,
when the second Territorial Legislature were
elected—in short, in all elections, except those
held without authouty of law, or under the To-
peka constitution, this cry of " fraud" has been
kept up, until there are really honest and good
men who have had their minds misled with the
belief that the constitution was carried by frauds.
I think there is no evidence of this that ought for
a moment to shake our conclusions upon this
question.
The assumption that the vote on the 4th of Jan-
uary, taken under a so-called law of the Territorial
Legislature, upon the ratification of the constitu-
tion, is evidence that a majority of the people are
opposed to the constitution, is quite erroneous.
That lav/ was itself a nulliiy, and the Legislature
that enacted it had no authority whatever to inter-
meddle with the constitution. The election was
conducted alone by the Free-Soil party, and we
have no guarantee that a large number of the re-
puted ten thousand votes cast were not spurious.
A comparison of the number of votes cast with
those cast at the same precincts, at other elections,
strongly indicates this. There is reason to sup-
pose that many of those voters were Germans,
who are not citizens of the United States. I have
heard it said that there are fifteen hundred or two
thousand German aliens there, who are not en-
titled to vote, but who are among the most noisy
of the men that follow Lane, and sustain the To-
peka movements of those who are disturbing the
Eeace of the Territory, and endeavoring to run
onest men out of it. But the constitution had
already been adopted, and the whole work fin-
ished, before this vote was taken. Every step
had been regularly taken. The sense of the peo-
ple had been ascertained, by ballot, in favor of a
convention; the convention had been called and
the delegates had been elected by the people, with
instructions to make a constitution; these dele-
gates had accordingly made a constitution. The
only question which had produced division had
been submitted to a popular vote, and settled ac-
cording to law; and the time, and all the circum-
stances, had transpired, when, according to the
letter of the instrument itself, " this constitution
shall take effect and be in force." How, then,
could a Territorial Legislature subsequently in-
terpose a process to annul the constitution ? If
that Legislature could do so, so could those which
may come after it; which assumption places the
Legislature at all timesabove the sovereign power,
which is competent to make and unmake consti-
tutions. Such an assumption would at any time
place it in the power of the Legislature to deprive
the people of a constitution by a mere accidental
legislative majority; and, if put in force in the
State governments, would soon render our durable
written constitutions as changeable and uncertain
as the statutory laws.
It has been objected that, in the final vote upon
the constitution, on the 21st of December, the
voters were required to swear that they would
support the constitution, when adopted. This, it
is said, was a great hardship upon the free-State
men. I do not so understand it, if they were
really law-abiding men. They were then them-
selves deciding the question, by their votes,
whether it was to be a free or a slave State. If
they held a majority, they could make it a free
State, and cheerfully support it. If they had not
a majority, and it were made a slave State against
their votes, still, in justice, they should have been
willing to suppoit it. It was at lea.it as hard upon
one side as upon the other. As to Lane's men,
who had so violently resisted all government but
that inaugurated at Topeka, it was but just that
they, too, if they voted upon the constitution,
should be required to swear to support it when
adopted Their past conduct had made this emi-
nently proper.
Complaint is also made that the schedule to
the constitution provides that all who are in office
shall hold their offices, and ali Jaws in existence
shall continue in existence, until changed by laws
enacted under the State cpustitution. Yet such
a provision as this is almost universally incorpo-
rated in the several States, on the adoption of a
new constitution; and it is wisely done to guard j
against any derangement, incident to a funda- i
mental change of government. i
The truth is, that when gentlemen say they will
never vote for the admission of another slave .Jtate
into the Union, they do but lay hare that leading
sentiment which piomptsa majority of those who
oppose this bill. They are wholly unwilling to
give to the institutions of the South a fur and
equal chance m the Territories which belong in
common to all. When the South agreed, in 18"20,
to the drawing the line of 3G° 30' for the sake of
peace and compromise, the North did not become
satisfied; but the very next year, by a majority
of her Representatives, voted to violate it. Fiom
that day to this, there has never been on instance
in which a slave State has n^ked for admission
into the Union, whether north or south of that
line, in which northern men have not opposed it
on account of slavery regardless of that compro-
mise—a compromise that prohibited slavery north
! of 36° 30', and gave no security for its establish-
ment south of that line. The North was unwill-
ing to extend that line to the Pacific, or to give
| the South any respite trom the struggle to restrict
j slavery south of the line where it has been estab-
| lished! Ilence, in 1850, southern men began to
j ask themselves, is tins fair? Then it was that
1 Henry Clay said in the Senate: u I put it to gen-
| tlemen of the South, are they prepared to be sat-
i isfied with the line of 36° 30', interdicting slavery
1 north of that line, and giving them no security
i for the admission of sla\ery south of that line ?"
| Mr. Clay stated that, in considering a plan of
I compromise in 1S50, vS the idea of the Missouri
; compromise, as it has been termed, csme under
' my [his] review, was considered by me, [him,]
j and finally rejected." And he added:
| "It was- high tunc that the wound* wlmh the YViimot
proviso had inflicted should be healed up and c!o«',I; and
I th.it to avoid in all future time the agitation which tuu-t be
| pi 'Hiucod by the conflict of opinion on me shivery question,
r the trite 2>7 ln< inlc oua,hl to rczi'hrli't'i^ <n tiov of Cnu-
i si ess in fmrinng tciiitorial government? tor <ach iew!y-
acquircd domain is to refrain from, all legislation on the
subject m the territory acquired, so long as it retains the ter-
ritorial fot m. of government.™
This" true principle" having been applied, and
the anti-slavery restriction line having been re-
moved in 1854, those northern men who had been
unwilling to give the South peace while that line
was established as a compromise, suddenly dis-
covered that they were greatly outraged by its re-
peal. They have kept up the agitation ever since.
With or without a compromise line, under any
and all circumstances, they have never been will-
ing, and will never be willing, to admit new slave
States into the Union.
Mr. Chairman, I confess that my sympathies
have been strongly with the gallant men in Kan-
sas, who, under an almost overwhelming combi-
nation of adverse circumstances, have bravely
maintained the rights, and stood by the institu-
tions of the South. When the unconstitutional
restriction line was broken down, its adherents
said it should do the South no good; for the North
had the population and the power to make Kan-
sas a free State, and immediately they began to
put their emigrant aid societies into requisition.
Many of the friends of the Kansas bill said there
was no chance for, or they had no hope of, estab-
lishing slavery in Kansas. Politicians and news-
papers all through the South, particularly those
opposed to the bill, have ever since held such lan-
guage on this subject as was calculated to teach
the people of the South to believe that there was
no hope for establishing slavery there. During
all this time, too, the free-State men have been
boastfully claiming a majority in Kansas. But
during ail this same time, and against all these ad-
verse'circumstances, the pro-slavery men in Kan-
sas have been bravely standing their ground, and
most frequently carrying the elections. But what
might they not have accomplished had not hun-
dreds and thousands of the southern people been
detencd by such unreliable statements, prophe-
cies, and boosts, from moving into the Territory
with their slaves, for fear they would be emanci-
pated or run off by the Abolitionists ? My strong
belief is, that but for the teachings which have
been more or less successfully impressed upon
the southern mind that there wasnochancc to es-
tablish slavery m Kansas, the question would long
; smce have been piactically settled, and Kansas
J would by this time have been a slave State in the
I Union. If admitted with the present pro-slavery
• constitution, why should she not continue to be
1 a slave State ? I, for one, feel that the chances are
I about equally suspended in the balance, and I can-
I not, will not, vote against her admission.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. M. J. PARROTT,
OF KANSAS,
In thk House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
i The fIou ?e bemg m the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union—
j Mr. PARROTT said:
I Mr. Chairman: I need not apologize forven-
; turmg to avail myself of the indulgence of the
i committee to submit what 1 have to say respect-
! ing the affairs of Kansas. If any apology were
| necessary, I might find it in the fact that a Dele-
: gate from a distant Teiritory [Mr. Lane, of Ore-
: gon] has seen lit to go beyond his own sphere of
' aei'on, and assail my constituents,m order to pro-
mote the welfare of his own. This is the short
; road to Executive favor. I refrain fiom charac-
' terizing that speech as it deserves, only because
I cannot do so consistently with the proprieties
; of the place. In undertaking to present the case
j of Kansas, I shall not pursue that intangible, im-
j palpable, and somewhat protean political quanti-
i ty, called " popular sovereignty," through the
! intricate mazes of theoretical inquiry, but shall
j rather seek to unfold its practical workings as de-
I veloped m the chosen theater of its operations, in
i the trials of some years. The standpoint^ from
| which my views of this subject are taken is not
| identical with that occupied by any other person
j on either side of this Chamber. I belong to no
! political organization recognized here. I have no
