2856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
J
formed that the average cost of supporting deaf,
dumb, and blind pupils in the principal State in-
stitutions, including the salaries of superintend-
ent, matrons, and teachers, and all contingencies,
does not vary much from two hundred dollars
each- When the number of pupils is small, the
cost of each must, of course, bo greater, for the
expenses do not increase in the same proportion
as the number of pupils increase. The directors
of the Columbian Institution ask an annual ap-
propriation of $3,000, in addition to the per capita
allowance now provided for, in order to pay up
arrearages, and place the institution upon a sure
footing; and with this the directors pledge them-
selves to meet all its current expenses, without
calling upon Congress for further aid. The com-
mittee, therefore, reported a bill authorizing the
payment of the amount requested, limiting it,
however, to a term of five years. The committee
also thought proper to introduce a section placing
the deaf, dumb, and blind children of persons in
the military and naval service of the United States
on the same footing m relation to this institution
as the deaf, dumb, aad blind m the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. I move, unless gentlemen
desire to move amendments, that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
EJECTIONS IN WASHINGTON.
The next bill on the Calendar, a bill regulating
municipal elections in the city of Washington,
was taken up for consideration.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
second section of the act approved May 1G, 1856,
entitled " An act to provide for at least two elec-
tion precincts m each ward in the city of Wash-
ington , and for other purposes,'' shall be repealed;
and that from and after the passage of this act
every free white mule resident of the city of
Washington of the age of twenty-one years, (va-
grants, paupers, felons, and persons no?t compos
mentis excepted,) who shall have resided in the
city one year immediately preceding the day of
election, and who shall be a citizen of the United
States at the time he offers to vote, and shall have
paid the school tax and all taxes on persona! prop-
erty due from him, shall be entitled to vote in the
ward of which he shall be on the day of election,
and shall have been for thirty days preceding a
bona jide resident, for Mayor, members of the
Board of Aldermen and Common Council, agis-
ter, collector, surveyor, assessois, and such other
officers as may hereafter he made elective; pio-
"vided, that in ail eases where the pet-hon so other-
wise ontnled and offering to vote shall not have
been a resident of the pai ficular ward in winch lie
is resident buna fide upon the day of election for the
space of one month immediately previous thereto,
then such peison shall he entitled to vote m the
waid in which he last previously resided.
The second section provides that no person
shall be allowed to vote .it any election as afore-
said , unless he shall have been letumed on the
books of the corporation of said city as subject to
a school tax; and that it shall be the duty of the
register of said city, m addition to the names of
persons so returned by the assessors of said city,
upon satisfactory proof, under oath, to be admin-
istered by some justice of the peace of the comity
of Washington, that the name of any such person
has been aendcntly or willfully omitted from said
books, to place the same theieon at any time after
he shall have received said books horn the assess-
ors, up to ten days before the said election; and
an case any such person shall be absent from the
city at said time, or under twenty-one years of
n^e, and his name, in consequence* thereof, be
omitted from said book*?, then upon his return,
or becoming of age, at any time after the day of
registration, and before the day of said election;
and upon satisfactory proof thereof made as afore-
said, the said register shall place the name of such
person so returning on said books. That if any
person shall knowingly swearfalsely in the prem-
ises, he shall, upon indictment and conviction
thereof before any court competent to try the
same, be adjudged giulty of willful and corrupt
peijiuy, and punished accordingly.
The third section provides that if any commis-
sioner or other person appointed to superintend
municipal elections shall willfully and knowingly
refuse to receive the vote of a person possessing
the legal qualifications to vote at such election as
prescribed in this act, or shall in any other man-
ner hinder or prevent the legal exercise of the
elective franchise in the city of Washington, he
shall, upon indictment and conviction thereof be-
fore the criminal court of the District of Colum-
bia, be subject to imprisonment in the county jail
for a period of time not exceeding six months,
and to a fine not exceeding $200 in each case, at
the discretion of the court, and shall thereafter be
ineligible to any office under the city corporation,
besides being liable in damage to the party whose
vote shall be so rejected,
The fourth section provides that the penalties
prescribed in the first three sections of this act
shall apply to any commissioners or other person
appointed to superintend an election who may
willfully and knowingly receive, or permit to be
received, the vote of any person not legally au-
thorized to vote; and, also, to any person or per-
sons who may vote illegally, or more than once,
at any municipal election; and, also, to any per-
son or persons who may willfully disturb, molest,
hinder, or interfere with said commissioners while
in the discharge of their duties, or who may will-
fully disturb, molest, hinder, or interfere with
any voter while at or going to the polls; and m
making the returns of any election to the register
of the city, the commissioners or other persons
appointed to superintend said election shall also
make a return of all the ballots cast on the occa-
sion, to be securely kept for a period of at least
two years.
The fifth section provides that in the joint meet-
ing of the Boards of Aldermen and Common Coun-
cil for the appointment of commissioners of elec-
tions, as provided m the sixth section of the act
approved May 15, J820, entitled "An act to in-
corporate the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton, and to iepeal all acts heretofore passed for
that purpose," no member of either board shall
be entitled to vote for more than two of the three
comnussioiiuis to be elected for each ward or elec-
tion precinct, and m all cases the three persons
having the highest number of votes shall be de-
clared duly elected.
The sixth section provides that all elections to
be held in the city of Washington for municipal
oiliceis the polls shall be opened at seven o'clock,
a. m., find closed at soven o'clock, p. m; and that
it shall be the duty of the register of the city to
furnish the commissioners of elections m each
election precinct, previous to opening the polls at
evei y election, a list of all the qualified voters of
such |>iecmct,as provided m the first and second
sections of the bill, designating those who shall
have paid the taxes due from them, so as to facil-
itate said commissioner in the discluuge of their
duties: provided, however, that the sixth section
shall not have the effect to exclude from voting
any one who, possessing ail other qualifications
required by this act, and whose name may not
have been placed on the said legisti y, eithei from
accident or by the default of the said lugister, shall
establish the same to the satisfaction of the com-
midSsioners of election, and shall exhibit a receipt
Growing all taxes due from him to be paid; that
full power and authority is given to the corpora-
tion of Washington to increase the number of
election precincts in each ward, to appoint com-
missioners to superintend elections in the same,
and to adopt all such regulations as may be ne-
cessary to give force and effect to the provisions
of the act; and that all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with the bill shall be repealed.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ment; and the first section being under consider-
ation,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee said: I move to
strike out the words " and shall have paid the
school tax, and all taxes on personal property,
due from him."
My qualification for a voter is, that he shall be
a free white man, a citizen of the United States,
twenty-one years of age, and a resident, for a cer-
tain length of time, m the place where he pro-
poses to vote, excluding, of course, vagrants, fel-
ons, paupers, and persons non compos mentis, as
they are excluded in this bill. These words which
I move to strike out prescribe a qualification for
voters which I think is opposed to the spirit and
genius of the institutions of this country. I am
opposed to all property qualifications, to all money
qualifications, for voting purposes. I am willing
that this corporation shall have the power to tax
each person named in the bill; but when you give
them the power to levy a tax, it is their business
to collect it. But I will not recognize this most,
odious property qualification making a citizen's
right to vote dependeut upon the payment of this
tax. I think that should be no qualification of a
voter; and it is so contrary to my notions of what
should be the qualifications of a voter that 1 can-
not vote for any bill containing such a provision.
Mr. STANTON. I wish some gentleman would
have the goodness to inform me what is the basis
of the assessment of the school tax?
Mr. GOODE. It is a capitation tax.
Mr. STANTON. Then I do not see any ob-
jection to the provision. As I understand it, this
bill amounts, practically, to a registry law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This, as I under-
stand it, is a poll-tax, and you propose to make
the right of a man to vote dependent upon the
payment of that tax.
Mr. GOODE. I merely wish to say that this
clause is intended to enforce the registration of
voters, and requires them to pay the moderate tax
which is assessed before they exercise the right
of voting.
The question being upon the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Josrcs, of Tennessee,
Mr. TALBOT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Euffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the first section of the biil by inserting after
the word " male," m the eighth line, the words
"citizen of the United States;" and by striking
out the words " and who shall be a citizen of the
United States at the time he offers to votc;"so that
it will read, " every free white male citizen of the
United States, resident of the city of Washington,
of the age of twenty-one years," &c.
My pioposition is, to give to citizens of the Uni-
ted States who have resided in this city one year
prior to the election, the right to vote; and not to
confer it upon every citizen pf the United States
who may have been here thirty days. This clause,
as it now reads, is evidently intended to confei
upon the foreigner who may have resided here for
a year, and who may be naturalized on the day
of the election, the right to vote. My amendment
will have the effect to require the citizenship to
run with the residence for one year. I think there
should be permanent residence connected with
citizenship to confer the right of suffrage. I do
not think it fair or right that the clerk m one of
the Departments, who is a sojourner here, en-
gaged upon the public business, and who does not,
by being so engaged, lose, m point of law, his res-
idence m the Slate fiom which he came, should
ha\e the light to vote m elections m the city of
Washington. I do not believe that it is fair to
citizens who own estate in the eiry of Washing-
ton, and whose estate is to be assessed and taxed,
that the thousand and one office-holders in the
city shall have,upon thefactitious residence which
this creates, a light to regulate and control the as-
sessment and taxation of property, and the regu-
lation of the persons who are permanently resident
here. 1 do not think it right to place the control
of the assessment and taxation of the property of
these peisons in the hands of a body of men who
arc notnow citizens of the United States, but who
may be made citizens of the United States be-
tween this day and the day of election. Forthat
reason, I desire to cut off that provision which
gives a man a right to vote in the ward m which
he shall be on the day of election, and shall have
been for thirty days preceding a bona Jide resident.
1 do not think it right or fair that persons coming
here in the employment of the Government, diaw-
lng a per diem allowance or a stated salary, having
no other connection with the city of Washington
than as office-holders, or workmen on the pubhc
buildings or on the public works, and n^tby that
sort of employment losing their residences m the
States from which they come, should be made
voters for municipal purposes, and be enabled to
tax the property of persons who are permanent
residents of this city.
Mr. BUltiNETT. I propose toanswerthe latter
portion of my colleague's speech first. I believe
