294
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
Ho. of R.Ers.
party to serve, and none to fear, in treading this
fround. Sectional parties alone exist in Kansas.
To others could exist, because the great para-
mount issue, framed and submitted to the people
for their decision by Congress, in the passage of
the organic act, was a sectional question—the
question of slavery. Sharing in this struggle, I
have striven with my whole heart and all my
strength for the supremacy of that class of do-
mestic institutions which experience has demon-
strated to be best calculated to foster, ameliorate,
enlarge, and improve the condition of the free
white laboring men of the country, and thereby
to strengthen the stability of republican institu-
tions, of which this great interest is, in my opin-
ion, the main stay. Although chosen as a rep-
resentative by those who favor this system of
government, subsequent developments have great-
ly enlarged the number of those for whom I claim
to speak.
The sectional issue which has heretofore ob-
tained, is swallowed up in a still greater issue,
precipitated upon us, and upon the whole country,
by the presentation here of the Lecompton con-
stitution. When I stand here in my place to plead
for (he inherent right of the people of Kansas to
frame their fundamental law, I may claim, with-
out exaggeration, to speak for the whole people
of Kansas, irrespective of their party predilec-
tions.
The Kansas act guarantied to extend to all who
should settle under its provisions certain defini-
tive political privileges, as well for their protection
as for then* guidance, whilst the country should
remain in a state of pupilage. This act was char-
acterized by a declaration of the doctrinc of non-
intervention by Congress with the subject of sla-
very in the Territories, "leaving the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their own do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject, only
to the Constitution of the United States."
It will appear by an analysis of this general
declaration, as found in the details of the hill,
that the people were to have I he right of repio-
sentation in this branch of Congress, the uninter-
rupted choice of a locai Legislature, and the super-
vision of their local and municipal affairs. The
Constitution of the United States was extended,
in terms, over the Territory, as indeed it would
have been without words to that effect—thus be-
yond doubt securing to citizens the added privi-
leges flowing from that monument, of a higher
and more inviolable kind than those conferred by
simple statute law.
These rights, combined, made up the aggregate
or sum of political power pledged to the people
of the Territory. No one will deny that these
were promised, or that the faith of the country
was pledged for the fulfillment of them. Yet do
they stand to-day recorded on your statute-book,
and plighted pledges of the nation, broken, disre-
garded, dishonored, but not disclaimed. These
popular rights and privileges, in support of which
the honor of the nation was concerned, have been
all, without exception, without the authority of
law, but in defiance of it, even without the apology
of provocation, wantonly and continually vio-
lated.
Voiceless in this House, and borne down by a
usurped Legislature within its borders, the Ter-
litory has languished under a dreary despotism,
imposed by foreign domination, and maintained
by the direct intervention of the military arm of
the Government. All lawful resistance, as well
as all appeals for redress, have been stigmatized
by epithets alike odious and unbue.
Without rights of any kind, we have been witli-
outremedy for wrongs, however flagrant. A most
merciless and persecuting waifaie lias been car*
ried on against us. The hard earnings of our in-
dustry have been swept away from us by the hand
of robbery; our homes filled with fear by the
ceaseless oppression of ruffians invested with.the
color of law; our lives at times seriously imper-
iled. alternately by the periodical incursions of a
foreign foe, or the no less remorseless process of
judicial proscription.
The many have been ruled by the few. The
invaders dominated the inhabitants. Those who
should have had all the political power have had
none; and those who should have had none have
had all. With occasional intervals of quiet, but
for the most part through scenes of violence,
bloodshed, and war, this state of things has gone
on until it has culminated in the Lecompton con-
stitution; and upon this, they who have supported
this scheme now make a stand, demanding a re-
inforcement of power wherewith to prolong, and,
if possible, to make permanent, the vassalage of
the people. Of this constitution I have to say,
that it was vicious in its origin, that the conven-
tion which framed it was fraudulently constituted,
and that the plan of its pretended submission was
fallacious, and contrived as a cheat by which to
circumvent the people. In support of this view,
in the first place let me recur briefly to some an-
tecedent events in our history, because I submit
that no comprehensive, intelligent view of this
question can be arrived at without keeping con-
stantly in sight the relation which this particular
measure sustains to the precedent legislation of
the Territory. There never has been any territo-
rial government in Kansas. The organic actfailed
to secure one,for two reasons: first, the intrusion
of non-resident voters; and, second, the improper
intervention of Federal power.
Prior in point of time to the passage of this law,
but in anticipation of it, a secret political society
was organized in the western counties of the State
of Mis-souri. The object of this .society was to
forestall the domestic institutions of the yet un-
born Territory by unfair means. Through the
mischievous machinations of this association,
woiking by means of secret signs, oaths, and rit-
uals, a most formidable power was concentrated
and disciplined for the destruction of popular
rights in the Territory, on the first available oc-
casion, by the exercise of physical force. An oc-
casion soon occutred. A census of the inhabit-
ants and voters, preliminary to the election of the
first Legislative Assembly, as a basis upon which
to apportion representation, having been com-
pleted and returned to the Governor in the spring
of 1855, that officer, after regulating the details,
such as defining the districts, appointing judges,
Ac., fixed the election for the 30th of March, 1855.
Every intelligent man in the country knows what
took place in Kansas on the 30th day of March,
1855. I shall not repeat details that arc familiar.
L only say this—that the scciet society unloosed
its folds on that day, and poured its emissaries
into the Territory, with the avowed design of
bearing down the real population, and taking pos-
session of the polls. Every precinct in the Ter-
ritory but one was carried by the invading horde.
In this manner and by such means was the right
of the people to choose their own local Assembly
wrested from them,and thepowcrincident there-
to lodged in the hands of irresponsible invaders.
Being now securely intrenched behind the aw-
ful powers thus usurped from the people to whom
they rightfully belonged, the invaders met in the
month of July, and proceeded to enact theirguilty
deaignsinfo the forms oflaw. Whatever rise may
be said of these laws, it cannot be denied that they
are well adapted to promote the object for which
they were designed. That object, of course, was
the retention of the ill-gotten power of the 30th of
March in the hands of its then possessors. To
that end, it was becoming that they should seek
to destroy all the great aids by which public opin-
ion is generated and expressed. They buried the
ballot-box beneath infamous or impossible condi-
tions; invidious test oaths were skillfully con trived,
by means of which the elector should either be
thrustas a recusant from the polls, or be debauched
or demoralized by the act of submission to the
test. Freedom of speech was stifled; the ball and
chain, the collar and the lock, the halter and the
scaffold, were prescribed penalties for the viola-
tion of that salutary provision of despotism, that
none shall call in question the title of the " pow-
ers that be." The press muzzled and the people
gagged, the far-reaching influences of literature
were next assailed.
The imprimatur of the usurping Assembly was
made a condition precedent to the circulation of
any printed matter of a political kind. The les-
sons bequeathed by the fathers, as well as the best
approved doctrines of our Democratic cotempora-
ries, were alike cut short in this procrustean bed.
The Assembly trampled down the prescriptive
rights of the people to municipal officers of their
own election, and imposed upon them creatures
of the invading class, with a prohibition of popu-
lar election for two years. In short, they stretched
across the whole field of popular rights, as Con-
gress had defined it, a net-work of perfidious legis-
lation, with which to ensnare and finally enslave
; their adversaries. Now, let mc inquire what the
I people, thus outraged and despoiled of their rights,
! had to say to this business? On the 5th day of
1 September, shortly after the adjournment of the
' bogus Assembly, a convention was held at Big
: Springs. It was the first public assemblage of the
real citizens of the Territory, to consider the aspect
of public affairs. After reciting the facts as they
] transpired in respect to the manner of the election
i of the Legislature, they repudiated its enactments,
! and declared themselves released from any obli-
i gation to acknowledge or respect its assumed au-
thority. An issue was thus made up on the va-
j lidity of this legislation. Those who maintained
j the legislation were now reinforced, in this behalf,
by a new and powerful ally—the President of the
i United States. Already within the spell of that
| fatuity which hurried him rapidly downward
| through every gradation of sentiment, until, from
j the pride of the nation, he became its shame and
! reproach, he struck out boldly with the military
arm of the Government in behalf of this great
! wrong. Instructions were given to the territorial
, executive to enforce the laws. They were rap-
idly reduced to practice, and a state of war super-
vened.
I In the month of December, twelve hundred men
recruited in the State of Missouri, in response to
1 the call of the Governor, appeared in Kansas,
and were enrolled as Kansas militia. They were
led against a village of the interior, the nucleus
: of the New England settlement, on the specious
plea that its inhabitants were hostile to the pre-
tended laws. For some time, this infuriate force
invested the devoted town and ravaged the adja-
cent country. On this occasion the first innocent
■ blood was spilled. The first victim fell by the
i hand of a Federal office-holder, then, as he is now,
; a recipient of the confidence as well as the pat-
ronage of the Administration. The power of the
! President was interposed, after he had been in-
' dieted, to shield him from any accountability for
| thisdreadfulct jme. Amid the gloomy forebodings
of this excitement, we entered on the year 185G.
| The coordinate branches of the local Govern-
' ment vied with the Executive in prostituting their
functions in this unholy cause. The most pow-
! crful branch—the one more powerful than all the
rest beside, the subtlest engine always and every-
where, when prostituted to base purposes, that
can be brought to bear against the liberties of civil
society—I mean the judiciary—was particularly
conspicuous m its infamous zeal. The chief jus-
tice had, in fact, aheadv violated propriety as well
as his oath of office, by deciding, in advance of any
case, in favor of the validity of the laws.
Now, he ruled that a refusal to acknowledge
the binding character of the local legislation was
treason against the United States. This judicial
solecism was practically applied. Grand juries,
packed for the purpose by the United States
marshal, flooded the country with indictments.
: Scarcely an honest man escaped. The process
! of the court went forth to arrest the multiplied
, offenders. New mobs, levied from foreign States,
, cruised about the Ten itory, under color of the Uni-
i ted States marshal's posse comitates, destroying
' printing-presses, burning hotels, sacking towns
and villages—in short, in a general carcer of ra-
pine and robbery, in the name oflaw and order,
' as defined by the chief justice, whose edicts they
enforced, and by whom they were in their turn
, upheld in the commission of incalculable villainy.
I One instance, which fell undermy observation, I
i will give, as an illustration of the infinite inhu-
! manity, the varied and outrageous cruelty, com-
j monly practiced under the pretext of serving writs,
, as well as of the writs themselves.
! A charge of treason was trumped up against two
: men. They were forthwith seized by a deputy
| marshal and his posse, their limbs loaded with
i heavy iron chains, and themselves dragged,liter-
I ally dragged, along the earth a distance of more
' than fifty miles. Bail was declined, and they were
1 committed to prison. Term followed term, yet
no indictment was found. After manjr months of
' weary confinement, sick and impoverished, they
