1858.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. ■
that under the theory of our Government, taxa-
tion and representation are inseparable—that the
two always go together. He says that you ought
not to permit mere sojourners in the District to
vote in the city elections. This bill only proposes
to permit such persons to vote as pay the school
tax and all assessments upon personal property.
Now, I hold, if men come here and hold offices in
the Departments, although you may call them
mere sojourners, for a temporary purpose, and
they are taxed while they are here, that in the
elections for officers of the corporation which
levies these taxes, they ought to have a voice.
That is my answer to the latter part of my col-
league's speech.
Now, sir, such is my colleague's Jhnerican
zeal,so intense is his Jhnerican feeling, thatevery-
thing connected with his action here as a legisla-
tor has but one point; and that, it seems to me, is
to make war upon the adopted citizens of the
country. He proposes now, by this amendment,
virtually to extend the period of naturalization to
six years. That is its effect. Now, by what
course of reasoning can the conclusion be reached
that a man who has been a resident in the District
for one year prior to the election, and has been
subject to taxation, andwholfas becomea citizen
of the United States, although he may heretofore
have been a foreigner, should be excluded from
voting? The native-born citizen of the United
States may have resided here all his life, and he
may not have become entitled to vote until the day
of election. The reasoningof my colleague, if just
and right, ought to exclude both of these classes
of citizens. These men are taxed by the corpo-
rate authorities here if they have property, and
are as much interested in the government of the
city as any others. I ask the committee whether
they are prepared to carry out the extreme views
of my colleague in regard to those whom he is
pleased to call foreign-bom citizens ? Under this
bill none are permitted to vote but tax-paying cit-
izens. I, forone, will make no discrimination be-
tween the white male citizens of the United States,
whether born upon foreign or American soil.
If he has complied with the necessary requisi-
tions of the Constitution and the laws of my coun-
try to make him a citizen of the United States,
then, sir, m my legislative action I shall favor that
system which makes no unjust distinctions or
discriminations against one class for the benefit
of another. •
I accord irty colleague a high older of ability;
but I had hoped the useful lesson taught him in
Kentucky had cured him of the mania which he
has on the subject of foreign-born citizens. I
make the statement with pride, that the fell spirit
of civil and religious proscription—aspirit which
lan so wild in its fanaticism that neither life nor
piopcrty was secure from it—a spirit which per-
vaded the city of Louisville, in my colleague ;s
district—that that fell spirit has no longer with it
the prestige of success in the proud old Common-
wealth of Kentucky. We have buried it so deep
that, m my humble judgment, the hand of res-
urrection will never reach it; and I will say to my
colleague, as was said to him the other day, that
lie had better (if he will take the suggestion of so
humble a man) abandon the political organization
which has engendered this proscriptive spirit.
This is not the time, in the middle of the nine-
teenth century, for the dogmas which constitute
the principles of that party. In this connection,
I will say to him, as was said by the gentleman
fioinOhio, [Mr. Lawrence,] that
" While the lamp holds out to bum,
The vilobi ciuu'-i mayietuin."
I hope that the committee will vote down the
amendment, containing, as it does, an unjust dis-
crimination against one class of the citizens of
this country.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, the rodomontade of my colleague is entirely
nut of place here. lie puts his anti-Americanism
into the wrong box. He would have found, if he
had given wing to his intellect, that my amend-
ment produces no discrimination, whatever, be-
tween a native and an adopted citizen.
Mr. BURNETT. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. I will ask him tli^s question:
Jf a man resides here for five veais, and has taken
the initiatory steps for the purpose of becoming
j naturalized, does not the gentleman, by his amend-
I menfo require a longer residence for him to vote
! than would be required for a native-born citizen?
j^1\lr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will an-
swer my colleague. If he will look at the effect
of my amendment, he will find by it that we do
not notice the alien at all. We confine the regu-
lation of our elections to citizens of the United
States. We do not notice the alien who is in our
midst. We require, by the amendment, from the
citizen of the United States, who may comc from
Maryland, the same residence exactly that we re-
quire from the adopted citizen who comes here
from Maryland. Do you not perceive that my
amendment will read, that from and after the pas-
sage of this act,every free white male citizen of the
United States, resident of the city of Washington,
| who shall have resided m the city one year im-
| mediately preceding the day of election, See.? It
! refers to this class alone. It requires, in the first
; place, that the voter shall be a citizen of the Uni-
j ted States. It does not discriminate between the
! native and the adopted citizen; and in the second
! place, it requires a residence here of one ye'kr, to
| enable a citizen to vote. But my colleague asks,
j if an alien has resided here up to this day, and
1 wanted to vote on the first Monday in June, will
I not my amendment cut him off if lie shall Be nat-
: uralized that day? I say that it will, because he
i will not fall within the qualifications required by
| the law. If he was twenty-one years of age to-
j day, and had been born and resided here all his
' lifetime, will not your amendment cut him off?
i Mr. BURNETT. It will not.
J Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. You do not
i allow him to vote unless he shall be borne upon
the tax-honk and upon the registry.
! Mr. BURNETT. With my colleague's per-
mission, I will again interrupt him. If he will
| look at another provision, he will find that the
' names of those left olf the assessors' books may
I be placed there within ten days of the election.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That is
where names are left off from inadvertence. The
section of the bill reads:
<■' No person shall be allowed to vote at any election as
aforesaid, unless lie shall have been icttuncd on the books
of the cotporation of said city as ^ubjuct to a^chooi tax;
and Jt MmII be the duty of the jester <>1 >aid city, in addi-
tion to the names of prisons =o returned by the a^e^ors of
said city, upon satisfaetoiy proof under oat!), to be aihinn-
i<teied by some justice of the peace of the county of Wash-
ington, that the name of any Mich potion has been a<u-
dcntly or villfulhj omitted from saidhoohs, to placc the «ame
thereon at any time after he shall have received batd books
fioni the asse^sois, up to ten dai/s hcfoie the said election ;
and m case any *uch person shall be absent from the city at
said tune, or under twenty-one yeais of age. and Ins name
m consequence thereof be omitted from said book-*, then,
uf on his return, or becoming of a?o. at any tune after the
day of legisnvuion, and before tile day of said election, and
upon satisfaetoiy proof tlioieof made as aforesaid, the .-aid
register shall place the name of such pei«on so renuninu on
said book:?. And if onv pei-^on 'hall knowingly swear fals-elv
in the ptem^e-. he !-hdll. upon indictment and conviction
! theieof before anv couit competent to tiv the same, be ad-
I judscd guilty of willlul and co:rup? peijuiy, and punched
]■ accoidingly."
ii I had not observed, before, the extent of the
! qualification in favor of the minor coming of age.
!; Still, it does not remove my objection. I say that
J, the residence required omjht to be the residence
ij of the citizen; and that the residence of the alien,
!• pending his alienage, ou^ht not to count under
I. our laws. Oar laws should refer only to cur cit-
teens.
j- Mr. GOODE obtained the floor, but yielded to
! Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman,my colleague
j' well lemembet s a. deei&iun of our com t of appeals
| on this very question. I have examined it, and I
!' believe that it is almost identically the same on
| the subject of residence. It was decided bv one
j of our inferior courts that the one year's residence
j; was absolutely necessary, although the man may
i' have been naturalized between the eonnnenee-
]' ment of the year prior to the tlection and the day
j of the election; and our court of appeals leveised
j' that decision. On what ground did they reverse
I that decision ? On the ground that I have taken
here, that it was an unjustdiscumindtion against
one class of our citizens, which discrimination
was never contemplated.
My colleague will remember that this was de-
cided last winter by our court of appeals. I refer
my colleague to it to show that 1 am ught. The
election takes place heie on the first Monday of
June. Suppose a foreigner had been residing m
this city for twenty years, and that he was nat-
uralized and became a citizen of the United States
on the 1st day of July last: although he may have
paid taxes here and been subject to all the burdens
of citizenship, yet he cannot vote; and you extend
the period of disability from five years to five
years and eleven months. That is the effect of
it; and", that being so, it is an unjust and unwise
discrimination against one class of our citizens.
^ Mr. GOODE. I wish to offer a single sugges-
tion in reply to the remarks of my friend from.
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.] lie affirms that it
is not his purpose to make an unjust discrimina-
tion between different classes of citizens of the
United States. To me, it does seem his proposi-
tion does make such an invidious distinction.
Under the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, no credit of residence in the city is allowed
to the person of foreign birth laboring under the.
disability prior to the period of naturalization.
No residence, during that term, is allowed to sat-
isfy the requisition of residence. In the case of
an infant, such a residence does satisfy the requi-
sition of residence. So in the case of a native-
born citizen: though he may be laboring under
a disability during the term of his residence; al-
though he may not qualify during the term of that
disability, yet if he resides within the city during
the term of that disability, the residence is suffi-
cient to satisfy the requisition of residence, and he
may be allowed to vote as soon as the disability
is removed. But such is not the proposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
when it affects the forcign-born citizen. His dis-
qualification continues for a year after his natural-
ization takes place. Ilis disqualification is re-
moved, and yet you will not allow his previous
residence to satisfy the requisition of residence as
it docs in the case of the native-born infant.
Now, sir, m the last Congress the gentleman
from Kentucky was understood to urge his ob-
jection to the bill then pending, upon the ground
that it made an unjust discrimination between the
native-born minor and the unnaturalized for-
eigner. Wc endeavored to frame this bill to sat-
isfy that objection. He introduced a proposition
to exclude both classes of voters. We have in-
troduced a proposition proposing to admit both
classes, and therefore make no discrimination be-
tween these classes. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, with his philological skill, can aid us in
carrying out the object which he professes to be
bona fide in favor of, I shall be obliged to him.
I believe wc have accomplished this object by
this bill, by allowing both parties to vote under
precisely the same circumstances, and nothing
more. Our theory is, that when a man becomes
a citizen of this country, whatever may be the
place of his birth, that his character is identified
with us, and he ought to have all the rights and
privileges of Amencan citizens. If it be the will
of the country to extend the period of naturaliza-
tion, I shall not complain. I believe that five
years is long enough. But if the majority of the
country are of the opinion that a longer term is
necessary, I shall urge no serious objection. But
so long as five years is the term which we require
to entitle a man to become a citizen of this country,
it seems to me unjust, after a foreign-born citizen,
has been in the country and in the city for a suf-
ficient time to bring himself within the definition
of an American citizen, to require him to reside
here for another additional year before he is al-
lowed to vote. The gentleman surely does not
desire that, when the native rumor here is allowed
to vote as soon as his disability shall have ceased.
I earnestly desire to do justice to both these
parties, and I think it is done in the bill which
has been reported by the committee; and I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
will not be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
by inserting " two"' years instead of one. _ The
whole bill is open for discussion, and I wish to
make a few observations upon some of its pro-
visions.
Mr. GOODE. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman from Maryland, but it appears to me that
we are reading this bill section by section, and
that it is in oidcr to confine the debate to the
amendment and section under consideration.
Mr. DAViS, of Maryland. 1 suppose the
whole hill is open to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that.
