1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1888'
forcc slavery upon a free people if they do not
want it; nor can they make a Territory or State
free if its people want slaves. The only way,
in my judgment, to restore pcacc in Kansas is to
admit her into the Union with her constitution,
and then allow the people there to settle their af-
fairs in their own way. Itis just like a man who
has a wild boy; as long as the old man pays his
expenses he will continue wild and ungovernable;
but when the old man cuts loose and turns the
boy on his own resources, he will reform. Just
so with Kansas. The moment you give her a
constitution, and leave the people to tdke caie of
themselves, they will regulate their own affairs,
and peace and quiet will be restored. If it is to
be a free State, thoy will make it a free State; if
it is to be a slave Stat®, there is no power in Con-
gress, nor in the North, to make it a free State.
So far as that is concerned, it is a matter of entire
indifference to me. The great question upon
which the South insists with so much pertinacity
is this: Democrats of the North, will you vote
to admit a State of the Union with a constitution
recognizing slavery? Satisfy the Soutli that you
will do justice by her, and God forbid that we
should ask for more. If they could be assured
that you do not vote against the admission of
Kansas into the Union because the constitution
has slavery in it, they would be satisfied.
Rut, Mr. Chairman, you know that the very
moment this constitution is rejected, and the in-
telligence goes forth over the land, southern men
will say that northern Democrats have refused
the constitution of Kansas because it had sla-
very in it. They will go upon the stump and vin-
dicate the South against the usuipation. They
can show more facts why Kansas should have
been admitted than any man can show why she
should not be admitted. The South is already
united upon this question; she marches in a solid
column.
I say, therefore, to northern Democrats, that
unless you believe it is your imperious duty,
unless you can gfce clearly that there has been
fraud, unless you can see that the will of an hon-
est people has been violated—for if they be a dis- t
honest people they have no rights—I say, that j
unless you can see clearly that the will of the law- |
abiding, honest people lias been overridden, do j
not reject this constitution. If you do so believe, I
then you must vote as your duty requires.
In regard to my Republican friends, all I have
to say is just this: my own judgment about the
whole matter is, that you men of the North are
not really so solicitous whether Kansas shall be a
free or a slave State as you are about the loaves
and fishes—as you are about the election of the
President of the United States. But, if you do
not design the final and speedy overthrow of this
Government, what, 1 ask, are you doing? It is
apparent to everybody who looks over this 1-Touse,
that you are sowing the seeds of discord among
our people. There is now, between the North
and South, a feeling of distrust; a want of confi-
dence; a belief that the North is not prepared to
do the South justice. If you continue to go on
and nourish this feeling—if you widen the breach,
it will, before many years, grow into hate. Now,
sir, the stability of our Government is dependent
upon the affections of the American people, and
upon their intelligence. Destroy the affection of
the people for the Government, excite jealousy
and distrust between the North and South, and I
tell you there is not power or patriotism enough
in the Union to hold the Government together.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. I agree with the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Peyton,] who has just closed
his remarks, that there should be no distrust be-
tween the different sections of the Union that the
rights of each and all are not secure under the pro-
tection of the Constitution of the Republic.
By the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, it is provided that" new States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union.5'
Under that clause eighteen States have been added
to the Union since its formation; thirteen with
and five without an act of Congress authorizing
the formation of a State government. But in every
application, whether with or without an enabling
act, the first and must important question for the
determination of Congress is whether the consti-
tution presented embodies m its essential featuies
the will of the people to be aflected by it. if it
does not, then it should be rejected, no matter >
what the authority or mode of its formation. The j
people of a Territory have the right, like any I
other portion of the American people, under the
first clause of the amendments to tho- Constitu-
tion, to petition the Government at all times, and
it is in the discretionary power of Congress to
grant their prayer or not. The application of a
people for admission as a State is, in all cases, in
the nature of a petition. An enabling act is not,
therefore, absolutely necessary for the people of
a Territory before they can proceed to form a con-
stitution and State government, in order to apply
for admission into the Union. Yet as the terri-
torial government is established by Congress, it
cannot be superseded by any other government
without the assent of Congress. It is not, how-
ever, material whether that assent be given before
or after the action of the people of the Territory.
I take this occasion, m passing, to express my
obligations to my colleague, [Mr. Phillips,] for
the notice and importance which he attached to
my views on this point, expressed by rue in the
last Congress. As he quoted them with approval,
I am rejoiced to know that he and his political
associates still adhere to one doctrine of the Jack-
son Democracy, and I hope that they may yet
return to the principles and teachings of Jefferson
and the fathers of American Democracy, from
which, within the last few years, they have so
widely strayed.
The gre.it question which presents itself in this
case is, does the constitution meet the will of
the people who are to be affected by it? That
j has been the first and the controlling question in
| the action of Congress on every application for a
j new State in the history of the Government. In
j the case of Michigan, she came here against the
; forms prescribed for her action;yet Congress took
| the will of the people, and set aside all formali-
; ties.
j In the case upon which we are now called to
I act, we have only the form of a constitution pre-
I sented by one man, and the argument of the
! President in its favor; while the people of Kansas,
1 who aie to be affected by it, protest against ad-
! mission into the Union uikI-t it j n every form by
! which th<">y can make their will known.
The entire history of tho L<icomp(on constitu-
tion proves that a large majority of the people of
Kansas are opposed to it. The evidence of this
fact, m the possession of the llonso, is the remon-
strance nf i's citizens laid upon your table, the
protest of the State otii'vrs elected under this con-
stitution, also of the D'-i'^ate on ilns llo-u; the
resolutions of the Legislative Af-st tnhly, and lh,%
vote of tho people on'the 4th of January. In all
the reliable information from the Territory there
is but one opinion expressed as to the opposi-
■ tion of the people to this constitution. Governor
j Walker, in his letter to General Cass, says:
1 " I .state it u fact, h.veil an a lon^ aii'l intimate a^o-
: ciiUion with the people ot Kiins,!^. th.U an ov< nvIiL'innn?
majority of thai people aie opposed to ili.mn -ti sins-mi , rind
I lota 1.4 -tar.i thai but on«j <>ut of twenty ot the pies's ot
1 KmwN-u^Ui'i-4 it.'' * * * * Ir.:l -I'd. {'j-pu-e
it Ji-i we ma\ [ooaf-tlvn- und-a the :•:!!,tone oi the pu'M'iit
i mi t- wdl d- isK'n-e-e, ti.v ear, .ateiupt hy
! Ooucpto loree Lin - coii.-ntuU )n upon th" peonle of Kin-
1 sib will lie an cfioit to mid-mIHHo the w;;l of a -mail iamot-
jty lor that of an o\<;rwlielimnj majority ot* the puople of
K.tn-a-."
Governor Stanton corroborates this statement,
and adds:
I It <*an oniv he maintained h> the arm* of the l-Yrfemi
! G"vernmerit formigthe eoi^t'Mtion upon rhe people a-janu-t
| then deciaied wil!, and cuwiti-t every pinieiplo ot repuuh-
I caiusiu, d< moctac}, right, and jusiieo."
i The State officeis elected on the 4th of January
t last, under this constitution, protest in the follow-
I ing language:
i « We, tiK orlker* circled und«r <-aid .•rmsnmtion, do most
' re^pcetluiiy :'ral eai 'ie :lv pra> urn. honorable bodies not to
! admit Krui^a- into the sTne>n undo1 --aid constitution, <sud
I thu-s force noon an nundinal peope-an oijamie rx\v ;ur:uu>t
j their cjprcs$ trill, and ui violation ot every principle Ox pop-
! ui.ir ^HoHiinent."
I Signed by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
! Secretary of State, State Treasurer, and Auditor.
I This memorial was laid on our ta.de with an
| indorsement of its truth by the Delegate from the
I Territory. ...
[ We also have the resolutions of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory, passed on the 12ih ot
! January, declaring:
I '> That the people nf Kansas bans opposed to paid eon-
II stitution, Congress has no n^htftil power under It to aunnt
said Terrifoty into the Union as a Plate, and we, the rep-
leseutatives of saul people, do hereby, in their name, and
on tiieti behalf, solemnly protest against sueh admission."
And on the last day of its session the Legisla-
ture passed unanimously the following resolve:
" That we do hereby, for the last time, solemnly protest
against the admission of Kansas into the Union under the
i.ecmnpton constitution; that we hurl back, with scorn,
the libelous e.li:irge contained in the message of the Pres-
ident accompanying the I.econipton constitution, to the ef-
fect that the freemen of Kansas are a lawless people; that,
reiving upon the jubtice of our cause, we do hereby, in be-
half of tiie people we represent, solemnly pledge "ourselves
to each oilier, to oui friends in Consire^s and in the States,
oar lives, oui foumies, and oui saciVd honor*, to lesist tile
Leconiptott constitution and government by the force of
aims, if necessary; that, in tins perilous hour of our his-
tory, we appeal to tho civilized world lor the lectitude of
! our position, and call upon the friends of freedom every-
where to array themselves against the last act of oppression
in the Kama? drama."
Thus have tliey protested in every form known
to the organism of our Government. And last of
all they protested at the ballot-box, with over ten
thousand voices. On the 4ur of January last, a
vote was oidered to be taken for and against this
constitution by the Legislature, which is recog-
nized as valid by all parties in the Territory, and
by the President, in declaring to Governor Den-
ver that the people must be protected in voting -
for or against the constitution on that day. Al-
mosteleven thousand voters protested then against
that constitution, as not embodying their will.
On the 21st of December, the vote was only six
thousand five hundred and twenty-six, half of
which has been proven fraudulent by the investi-'
gating committee ordered by the Legislature': so
that not more than three thousand legal votes were
cast on tho proposition then submitted, leaving a
majority of from seven to eight thousand against
this constitution. Yet we are asked to enact it
into the organic law of the people, and to institute
under it a State government of officers elected by
fraud. We are asked to east aside the vote of the
people Oil the 4th of January, because they did
not vole at the preceding elections.
That election, u is said, was illegal, though it
is not denied that it expressed the popular will;
but that tho people could not vote on their con-
stitution at any oilier election than the one fixed
hy the delegates lo the convention. It was the
same legislative power that fixed the election of
the 4th of January that ealicd the convention,
with tiie exception that the Legislature thatlixed
the flection dnived its power from the people,
while the one that called the convention was a
usurpation. Hat treating them both as vahd, the
lant, mii had as mueh power tiu the first, and was
the legislative power of the Territory, and must
i continue to be till it is superseded by some gov-
ernor nt, with tho consent of Congiess. Until
that time n has full legislative power to enact, re-
pi'il, or modify any exisung laws of the Terri-
tory; and if the Lecompton convention prevents
that, then, m the language of the President, it
! would be rebellion; for the territorial goveni-
j ment would be supei seded withoutthe consentof
1 Congress. Why does he not send his army to
i put down this constitution and its supporters, as
he did to put down tho Topeka party on the 4th
of July, 18-jG >. If the Territorial Legislature does
not possess the legislative power of the Territory,
then the people have parted with their sover-
' curnly, inevocably, for four months, or until the
! action of Congress on this constitution. If so,
; they could as well part with it forever, and thus
I your reason v/ould subvert all the maxims of our
' system of government. The time and mode of
I voting on the 4th of January was established
I by the legislative authority of the Territory, an
authority as valid and as legal as was the same
authority in calling the convention.
It is argued that though this constitution does
not embody the will of the people, yet they must
submit to it because they did not vote before its
formation, though they did afterwaids. It is a
I 111■ w and a strange doctiinc that the people of
this country, who are the depositories of the sov-
j ereignty of the Government, have not the right
! to vote upon tho same subject to-morrow because
i they refuse to go to the polls to-day. It is one
i, of the rights of American citizens to absent them-
I; selves from elections if they choose; and I grant
i: you that when all have the privilege of voting,
! those who do not vote must submit to the action
i! of those who do. But when the majority do vote,
I! where is the reason for turning a deaf ear to their
