248.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1L,
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
ask for a division of thfi resolution—that the vote
be taken first on that portion ordering extra copies
for the use of the House, and next on that part or-
dering extra co pies for theuse of the Coast Survey?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution; and the gentleman from Ten nessee will
indicate where he supposes the division of the
question can be made.
The resolution was reported.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
provides for the printing of a certain number of
copies for the use of the members of this House,
and a certain number for the use of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey , or for the Coast Sur-
vey office. I wish to know if the resolution could
be divided, so as to take a separate vote upon the
part which relates to the members of the House,
and a separate vote on the copies for the Coast
Survey office?
Mr. FLORENCE. And that is pending the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It is not divisible
any way, especially as the previous question has
been called.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think the gentleman had
better withdraw the demand for the previous
question, and get his resolution right.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is too right
now.
Mr. FLORENCE. It does not suit me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution is not divisible, for the reason that,
if the first part be rejected by the vote of the
House, there will he nothing upon which the sec-
ond part can be construed or interpreted.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I move to lay the motion
for the previous question upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Is it in or-
der, before the previous question is seconded, to
move to amend the resolution by a motion to
strike out?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
upon seconding the demandfor the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FAULKNER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Nichols were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 41, noes 70; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 hope, by
unanimous consent, there will be a recount.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is obviously a quo-
rum present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn. We can test it upon that
motion.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 4, noes 160; a quorum.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and the tellers
resumed their places.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
to suspend the rules, and to move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, as the
House is now considering a privileged matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule provides
that it shall be in order at any time to move to
suspend the rules, and for the House to resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion would not be in order pending the con-
sideration of this report. It is a privileged matter
from the Committfip on Printing, which commit-
tee has the right to report at any tune; and the
right to report involves, of course, the necessity
of disposing of the report.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order for the
gentleman who introduced the resolution to mod-
ify it by striking out the last sentence of it, in
reference to the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey? If he does so, I do not think there will be
any difficulty about the matter.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairisof opinion that
no modification by the gentleman himself would
be in order, inasmuch as the resolution is a re-
port from a committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the only thing which
gives trouble in adopting the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Smith] to withdraw his call for
the previous question, in order that I may submit
an amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. And then call the previous
question ?
Mr. PHELPS. And then I will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to this debate.
The call for the previous question was not with-
drawn.
The tellers resumed their places; and reported
—ayes 81, noes 67.
So the previous question was seconded. The
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Alii, Baiks dale, Bliss, Boeock,
Brayton, Biyan, Bnffinton, Binn«, Chaffre, Olavvion, Clark
B. Cochiane, John Cochiane, Coimns, Coming:, Cox, Cra-
gm, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dinmuck, Durfee, Edie, Elliott, Farns-
woitli, Fostei, Oilman,Gilmer, Goodwin, Groesbeck, Law-
rence W. Hall, J. Morrison Han is, Hickman, Tiorton, Keitt,
Kelt-cy, Kilyoie, Lamar, Laudy, Leach, Lovejoy, Muclay,
McQueen, Maymud, Morrill, Oliver A Morsr, M<ut, Nib-
laek, Nichols, Phillip-*, Pike, Potter, Purviancp, Quitman,
Reagan, Reilly, Kicaud, Ritchie, bobbins, Roberts, iloyce,
Russell, Sowaid, Aaron Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
George Tayloi, Miles Taylor, Thayei, Wade, Walton,
Ward, Istael Washburn, White, Whiteley,and Wood—79.
NAYS—Messis. Adram, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bowie, Boyce, Buinett,
Burroughs, Case, Ca&kie, Chapman, John B Clark. Clav,
Clemens, Chngman,Cobb, Cockeiill, Colfax, James Ciaig,
Burton Craige, Ciawford, Curry, Cuitis, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Davis of Iowa, Dodd, Dowdell, English, Eustis,
Faulkner, Fenton, Floience, Foley, Gartrell, Giddings,
Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, IIill, Hoard, Hopkins,
Ilowatd, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Knapp,
Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Leitrr, Letcher, Hum-
phrey Matshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miller, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Moigan, Edward Jov Morris, Isaac N.
Mohh, Murray, Ohn, Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton,
Phelps, Pottle, Powell, Ready, RufFm, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Seauim, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter,
Robeit Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Talbot,
Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Waldron, Wairen, Cudvval-
adcr C. Washbuine, Ellihu B. Washbume, Watkms, Wil-
son, Wmslow, Woodson, Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicofler—116.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution was rcjectecl; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsidcr on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House divided; and the motion to recon-
sider was laid on the table—ayes 90, noes 75.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman to give
way to enable me to introduce a bill upon which
the public service demands speedy action, for
rcfcrcncc only.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If it is for refer-
ence only, and will not give rise to debate, I will
yield.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to increase
the military establishment of the United States by
the addition of live new regiments.
Mr. MORGAN and others objected.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to suspend the
rules. I lepedUhatl only desire to introduce the
bill for reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the negative—yeas 113, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Boeock, Bryan, Burnett, Bums, Caskie, John
B. Clark, Clay, Clemrms, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Cur-
ry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dimmiek, jDowdell, Edie, Edmundson, English, Eustis,
Faulkner,Florence, Foley, Gartrell. Giihs, Gilmer, Goode,
Greenwood,Gregg,Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall,Thomas
L. Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McQueen,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miller,
Montgomery, Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman,
Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, William Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talhot, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Tnppe, Ward, Warren, Watkins, White, White-
ley, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—113.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Bennett, Bil-
hnghimt, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Boyce, Branch, Brayton,
Bulfmton, Builingame, Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra
Claik, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Oragm, Crawford, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Elliott, Farns-
wortb, Fenton, Foster, Garnett, Giddirigs, Gilman, Good-
win, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hoard, IJor-
ton, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kflsey, Kilgorc, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
"Uoigan, Morrill, Freeman H. Moise, Oliver A. Moi>e,
Mott, Munay, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvianoe, Ready, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts;, Rojce,
Seward, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton, Stephens, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbridge. Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washbume,
Elhhu B. Wasbburne, Israel Washburne, Wilson, Wood,
and John V. Wiight—95.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting m favor thereof.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by J. Buchanan
Henry, his Private Secretary.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the question is
taken upon that motion, I hope the gentleman will
give way to have the message, just sent in from
the President of the United States, taken up, read,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have twice yielded
for other business which has occupied the House
for the last two hours,and I cannot yield further.
Previous to the vote being taken on my motion,
however, I desire to move the previous question
upon the resolution submitted by me on Thurs-
day last, to close debate in committee on the Pres-
ident's message.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man brings up the following resolution for the
action of the House:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
Ilou^c ou the state of the Union on the annua) message of
the President of the United States, shall cea^e in one hour
alter its consideration is lesumed, (if the committee shall
not sooner come to a conclusion upon the same ;) and the
committee shall then procccd to vote upon such pioposi-
tioiis a% may be pending, or may be offered in connection
thciewith, and shall then report it to the House, with such
propositions as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Since the adjourn-
ment I have been appealed to by gentlemen on all
sides to extend the time- 
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in older.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I objcct to the gentle-
man making any statement.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to mod-
ify the resolution so as to make it close debate at
three o'clock to-morrow, and now demand the
previous question upon the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think this
resolution is offered prematurely.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in order
to move to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
I think this resolution has been offered prema-
turely, and T make that motion.
The House proceeded to divide upon the mo-
tion; and there were one hundred and one in the
affirmative.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the demand for the previous ques-
tion had not been made when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania moved to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I submit,
therefore, that the resolution is not before the
