1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2350
of this kind have never been known here before.
Mayor Magruder was elevated by the Government
to power. There have been occasional and tem-
porary distui bailees at an excited election. There
have been the ordinary proportion of breaches of
the peace, of violence, and of murder, at other
times. But never before, in the history of Wash-
ington, has it been found that Congress has been
moved and excited with reference to their own
personal security in passing along the avenue, as
has been the case under the existing administra-
tion of the oity government.
And, sir, I say that itis not the party that hap-
pens tu be uppermost, or may not be the party
that happens to be uppermost at this moment,
but it is the radically and inherently vicious sys-
tem of elections that is at the bottom of it. The
authorities of the city of Washington are utterly
inefficient; they ai'e utterly corrupt; they are
utterly unfit for the positions that they hold; and
they are so because the real citizens of Washing-
ton do not elect them. They are elected by per-
sons as alien to Washington as those who elected
the President were alien to American feelings and
interest.
Why, sir, when we strike off what I have des-
ignated as the temporary Government vote of the
city, and remember that the vote of the city of
Washington is only about six thousand, and that
the existing Mayor was only elected by about
twenty-six majority, we find that nearly two
thirds of the whole substantial population was
against the man who now holds the position of
Mayor. He holds the office by the will of those
who hold their bread at the will of the Adminis-
tration; and how that will is exercised, no one in
the least acquainted with the affairs of the city
can be ignorant. For the first time in the history
of the Government, the working men who earn
their livelihood by the sweat of their brow, are
denied work on the public buildings if they ven?
ture to vote in a mere municipal election against
the Government candidate. The present Mayor
represents the United States Administration, and
not the will uf the people—the real industrial and
laboring and business men of Washington.
Mr. Chairman, it will be observed that the
present Mayor was clected by about one third of
the actual bona fide residents of the city, and
about two thirds of his vote were of men who were
temporary residents of the city. 1 think a very
considerable proportion pf them are at the same
time residents of the States from winch they
came, and they go home and vote, as they have
the right to do, under a well-recognized principle
of law, that a person m the service of the United
States, whether civil or military, who leaves the
State of his residence for the purpose of entering
upon the duties of his ofiice, with the intention
of leturnine; after he shall have discontinued the
duties of his ofiice, does notchange.his domicile,
and retains the right to vote in the State from
which he comes. I know myself a venerable
gentleman holding an ofiice under the Govern-
ment in this city, who for the last forty years,
at the presidential elections, has gone home to the
county of Kanawha, in Virginia, for the purpose
of casting his vote for the candidate of his choice.
The practice, I am advised, is exceedingly com-
mon, and is a perfectly legitimate one.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman has referred to
a gentleman who has voted m the State of Vir-
ginia for the last forty years \ simply rose to
inquire whether he was at the same time allowed
to vote in this cityJ
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have no doubt
it is so; I cannot state positively; but there can
be no doubt that it is within the distinct meaning
of this law. Well, Mr. Chairman, this exhibits
a state of divided allegiance, or rather of divided
interest, which certainly ought not bu allowed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to ask
the gentleman from Maryland a question. I
should like to be informed what mode he proposes
to prevent the evil which he complains of? The
city takes every person who resides here, and per-
mits every resident to vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I make a distinction
between those who conic here to reside perma-
nently and those who come under Executive ap-
pointment, and who come here not with the in-
tention of permanently leaving the place of their
original residence. I suppose the result of the law
is, that audi persons are both entitled to vote here
and at their original place of residence. I think
there i^ no doubt about it. I desire gentlemen to
understand that, in this portion of my remarks,
1 disclaim any party feeling whatever. But I say
that, in my opinion, it is the vote of that class of
voters who are not independent of Government
control, which is the chief occasion of the outrages
that have been recently committed in this city. I
think that the principle involved in the clause of
the old bill-of rights of the State of Virginia, that
no peison shoufd be entitled to vote who should
not have identified himself with the interests of
the commonwealth^ was a good one. I take it that
nobody has the right to have avoice in the Gov-
ernment in which he has not the interest of a per-
manent residence. The moment there is a change
of Administration, when the people shall take
charge of the Federal Government, these tempo-
rary residents will be removed from office; and
under the new doctrine of rotation in office, now
accepted by the Administration, whatever party
succeeds, there must be a clean sweep of office-
holders. And then there is that other class of Gov-
ernment employes who are responsible to ti>e Ex-
ecutive, who are employed by his subordinates
on the public works; very little notice is taken of
them. No paper takes notice of their removals;
no motion is made here to hold the Executive of
the United States responsible for turning them off,
and depriving them of their bread. If they re-
member that they are free, and would vote to
please themselves, whereby they would displease
their employers, they arc removed, and others are
appointed in their places, noiselessly, but effect-
ually. Yet, sir, it is because of the vote of this
class of lesidents, who have no permanent interest
here, that these evils, of which you have com-
plained, prevail. Sir, if that class of voters had
been excluded, we should never have known what
a government of executive patronage means.
These are the legitimate fruits of a government
of executive patronage. In the State we see it
only in its milder forms. The officeholders in-
fluence other persons, but their votes are com-
paratively few. Here in Washington, they and
the laborers on the public woiks greatly excced
any majority ever cast. They govern the city,
and by them the national Administration govern
the city. It is the government of the Cabinet and
the bureaus, and not of the people. But for these
examples, we would not know what the govern-
ment of executive patronage is, when reigning
supreme and uncontrolled.
Had this influence not predominated in the votes
cast at the last mayoralty election, to whichever
party they may belong, the present Mayor of this
city would not have been m office; for, if the right
of suffrage had been confined to those having a
permanent interest in the city, to men of business
and the laboring men, resident citizens, candidates
would be selected to represent their interests, and '
not the anxieties of the Administration for a mu- I
nicipal triumph, as the key-note of a presidential |
contest. If that principle had prevailed here, the ;
condition of Washington would have been greatly !
different from what it has been. There would not j
have been the lawless outrages committed upon |
the persons and property of citizens by vagabonds I
who could not be controlled and punished byaai- !
thoritics themselves stained with greater cumies
than they were called on to punish.
The election of last June would not have been
stained by innocent blood. The Administration
would not then have had a pretext for ordering
out the United States marines at an election in the
city of Washington; and crime would not have
been committed, the equal of which has not been
perpetrated since that dark and bloody day of
1770, when, in the streets of Boston, the British
regulars shot down peaceable citizens, whose blood
was the seed of the Revolution. The cry of blood
unavenged would not have gone up from the
streets ofthe city of Washington—not merely un-
avenged, but whose authors, to the deep disgrace
of those charged with seeing that the laws are
faithfully executed, have never been, to this day,
put upon their trial even, still less punished. The
confidence of the people in their freedom from
military violence would not have been shaken by
the awful sight of fourteen men shot dead, and
twenty more wounded, in the streets of the na-
tional capital—men in the uniform and with the
arms of the United States with impunity firing
into a peaceful crowd of spectators, at a peaceful
election precinct—a fire made without warning,
without any proclamation, without any order to
disperse—ay, sir, and worse than that, without
any reason to justify, or even the pretext of a
reason to justify it. Sir, gentlemen of the first
position and standing in Washington were there,
and can testify to it. A dishonest press has at-
tempted, for the benefit of a political party, to
cover over the iniquities of that day, and they
have, in the opinion of the country, succeeded.
I desire here, now, to lift my voice, if it be not
yet too late, to wake the feeling of the American
people to the deep iniquity which was then com-
mitted.
Mr. SINGLETON". Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would like to inquire
whether what investigation has been had in this
matter does not show that the whole difficulty was
not brought on by a band of men of his own po-
litical party coming from his own city?
Mr. GOODE. Unless this debate shall be ruled
in order by the Chair, I shall feel bound to object
to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suppose, Mr.
Chairman, that on a bill to remodel the govern-
ing power of Washington, the policy and con-
duct of the Government is a directly pertinent
matter of discussion, or I should not have re-
ferred to it.
I respond with great pleasure to my friend from
Mississippi. There was—so the grand jury re-
port—a band of from twelve to fourteen young
men from the city of Baltimore, who came here
on the day of that election, and participated in a
disturbance, a mutual fight, at the fourth ward
polls. The effort has been, on the part of the au-
thorities, and on the part of the press, to cover
the subsequent iniquities by that indefensible in-
trusion. I trust that I have satisfied the honora-
ble gentleman. I ask his attention while I relate
what followed. That disturbance took place at
nine o'clock in the morning. It was over in five
minutes. It was for the purpose of dispersing a
large body of men who had assembled at the polls,
and apparently taken possession of them. It was
the offspring of momentary excitement, of mu-
tual recriminations arising out of the exclusive
possession of the polls by one party. That was
the provoking cause; but not a justification. There
was a fight with stones and sticks for about five
minutes. The crowd was dispersed. This body
of men, together with a larger body of young men
belonging to the city of Washington, dispersed.
They left the second election precinct of the fourth
ward, and did not return there again during the
day.
At ten o'clock the Mayor came to the polls and
saw that everything was quiet; the election was
proceeding; and from the time this sudden affray
took place in the morning until the appearance of
the marines at that precinct at one o'clock, the
voting continued without interruption of any kind,
so testified to by the commissioners conducting
the election; and the voting appeared, by the poll-
books, to have been at the rate of one and a quar-
ter per minute, down to the appearance of the
marines on the ground.
Mr. SICKLES. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With pleasure.
Mr. SICKLES. I understood him to say that
there never had been any investigation of a public
character into the circumstances attending the riot
to which he refers. If I am not misinformed,
there was a judicial investigation into those cir-
cumstances; and that parties were indicted and
tried for inciting that riot, and were convicted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I thank my honor-
able friend for having called my attention to that
circumstance. 1 will observe, Mr. Chairman, that
the reason I happen to be familiar with these cir-
cumstances is that I was consulted as counsel for
the defense of the persons indicted; but because
of my personal relations (individual, not politi-
cal) to some of the gentlemen whose conduct
might come collaterally into question, and because
of the pubhenature of the crime committed against
the public liberty, which was not to be there pun-
ished, but, I thought, might form a fit object of
investigation in this House, I declined. I did not
decline until the case had been fully stated to me.
The enormity of the conduct of the Government
