298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Thompson.
Ho. of Reps.
sas question was foreshadowed in that message,
I could not see how the President could have
taken any other view of the question in reference
to the legal points involved, than he did. The
case, then, not being fully made up, however,
and the question not being before Congress for
its immediate action, I felt it my duty to suspend
my opinion, so far as was practicable, until the
question came regularly before us, and until it
was seen what new and different phases of it
might be presented. In the mean time I was ex-
ceedingly anxious, in view of the division of sen-
timent here, as well as elsewhere, amongst those
political friends with whom I am accustomed to
cooperate, upon the propriety of admitting Kan-
sas, as recommended by the President, that di-
rection might be given to the question which
would enable those friends to unite in their action
upon it. In this feeling I was not actuated by
any distrust of the correctness of the President s
policy in my own mind, but by a desire to con-
sult, as far as was practical and proper, the views
and feelings of others whose cooperation I very
much desire.
Sir, when the President's special message was
delivered to this House transmitting the Lecomp-
ton constitution, I unhesitatingly indorsed both
the premises and conclusions of that message. I
felt reassured that my first impressions offiiis Kan-
sas policy were correct. I would have been will-
ing to have stood upon the doctrines and recom-
mendations of that message alone, and to have
relied upon both for my vindication. While I
had seen so much to condemn and so little to ap-
prove in the action of the people of Kansas, I felt
then, as I do now, that the sooner this unfortu-
nate Territory was organized into a State, the
better for it and the country.
But there were those here who, professing not
materially to disagree with the President, insisted
that as so much had been charged about irregu-
larities and frauds in the formation of this consti-
tution, some investigation ought to bo had by some
committee under the order of this House; and as
I feared no legitimate investigation upon this, as
upon all other public questions, and as I was will-
ing to concede something to what seemed to be an
honest difference of opinion, I voted to refer the
message to the select committee, with instructions,
under the substituted resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] Sir, I did so with
the hope that, when the smoke and dust which
then enshrouded this question should be cleared
away, as I felt confident would soon bo done,
those gentlemen here who seemed only in doubt
as to some mere collateral questions would come
forward in the same spirit and concede something
for the sake of united action in bringing this con-
troversy to a close. Whether those hopes shall
be disappointed remains yet to be seen. Upon all
matters, however, which 1 considered a fair test
of the real positions of members, I have thus far
steadily voted with the friends of the Administra-
tion on this question, and I expect to do so, sir,
still, to the end of this contest.
Whatever may have been said to the contrary,
I insist that the select committee to which I have
referred, has been fairly constituted. It was the
message which was referred. The instructions
were only incidental to this reference. It was
proper, then, and in strict conformity with par-
liamentary usage, that a majority of the commit-
tee should be friendly to the recommendations of
this message. Nothing to me seems clearer than
this. I think, too, the report of the majority of
this committee ought to be satisfactory to all licre
not predisposed to complain. I regaid it as one
of the ablest things yet published on this subject.
With those who desire to pursue the investigation
further, and to go into everything connected with
the history of Kansas for the past two years, not
affecting the validity of the Lecompton constitu-
tion, 1 have no sympathy. Such a course could
only serve to render more infamous the names of
many persons who have already brought disgrace
upon that fair Territory, and to get up a second
edition of Kansas troubles, which might serve as
a text-book for professional" freedom-shriekers"
in the approaching political campaigns. For such
purposes, my vote cannot be given. Sir, I will not
go into the merits of this controversy. The sub-
ject has already been more than exhausted. Any-
thing I might now say, could be little else than a
stale repetition of what has already been said by
others. I think the President's position has been
greatly strengthened by the discussion here. Many
of the objections first urged against his policy have
already been abandoned." The remaining ones
have lost their original force and plausibility.
With all due deference to the opinions of other
gentlemen to the contrary, it does seem to me that
the policy of the present Administration, in the
affairs of Kansas, is but a continuation of the same
policy inaugurated by the late Administration of
Mc. Pierce, in relation to that Territory. IIow
often have we all on this side of the House, both
here and elsewhere, defended this policy ? Who
of us does not feel himself thoroughly committed
to it? Why shall we now recede? For one, I
will not, whatever may be the consequences, un-
less some better reasons be given than any I have
yet heard urged.
Sir, I am admonished that I am assuming a
fearful responsibility in the course I have felt it
my duty to pursue, in consequence of the divided
condition of public sentiment on this question
throughout the country, and particularly in the
great Northwest, from which I come. 1 feel as
keenly as any one the force of this suggestion.
No one is fit to be here, sir, who is not willing to
assume some responsibility when the occasion
demands it. I will not shrink from the discharge
of what seems to me to be a plain duty on this
account.
Whatever may have been the first impression
as to the present phase of this Kansas question
before it was fully before the country, I have the
confidence to believe that a large majority of those
who sent me here already acquiesce in the views
of the President, and that this feeling is fast ripen-
ing into one of warm indorsement. I cannot be-
lieve that any very large number of persons in
my district can be found willing much longer to
give aid and comfort to those who have so long
distracted the peace of this unfortunate Territory.
At all events an opportunity will soon be af-
forded to those I represent of expressing their
views upon this now all-absorbing question. I
cannot feel otherwise than mortified if I find I
have mistaken those views. I desire them, how-
ever, to speak out plainly upon this as well as
upon all other questions of public policy. I hold,
sir, that the most candid relations ought at all
times to exist between a Representative and his
constituents. I desire, therefore, that my position
here shall be fully understood. Tothe peopleof
my district, and to them alone, I acknowledge my
responsibility. Whether 1 have mistaken my
duty or my allegiance, a brief period of time will
determine.
Mr. GILMAN. I desire to state to the com-
mittee that it was my purpose to have addressed
the committee, or the House, in reference to the
Lecompton constitution; but the question has
been so fully and so fairly discussed, that I have
deemed it proper not to address the committee on
this occasion; but I will, on some future occasion,
indicate my views in regard to several proposi-
tions presented by the President of the United
States in his message.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. THOMPSON,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik the House of Representatives,
j March 31, 1858.
| The House beiriL' in the Committee of the Whole on the
: state of tlie U mon—
| Mr. THOMPSON said:
| Mr. Chairman: He who mingles in a conflict
i in which the fanaticism of passion has been awa-
[ kened on the one hand, and the fanaticism of in-
; tereston the other, each forgetful of its opponent's
i rights, and is just enough and bold enough to tell
I only the truth, without coloring or abatement,
j occupies a post at once of responsibility and of
' peril; he is sure to satisfy neither party while lie
! rebukes both, and, like a peacemaker in the heat
! of battle, may fall under the shot of both lines,
! of which he is deemed to be equally the enemy.
Week after week have we listened to moral lec-
tures on the evils of slavery from one party, met
by a recital of its blessings, its Divine authority,
and threats of disunion if its political influence is
abated, from the other party. Each accuses the
other of designs to subvert its rights. The North
fears she is to be subjugated by the South; the
South fancies she is to play the part of conquered
provinces chained to the chariot wheels of north-
ern aggression. Higher and higher rises the cry
of warning, remonstrance, and intimidation 1 Sir,
is this fanatical game to go on unlimited and unre-
buked ? Is no man bold enough to step between
the parties, and, as a " day's man," lay his hand
upon them both ? Shall each swell the waves of
excitement from the North and the South, until,
as the wild surges meet on this Capitoline Hill,
this structure of strength and beauty (emblem-
' atical of the institutions it symbolizes) is swept
1 away, leaving not one stone upon another, and
time's latest and best empire prove, after all, the
frailest? God forbid!
Though coming from the Empire State, and
representing a district second to none in patriotic
loyalty and political intelligence, it is well known
I am no political Abolitionist,nor desirous of med-
dling with the domestic institutions of the South,
wherever they lawfully exist. As a statesman,
I have no right here to intrude even my advice,
because it may exasperate where it cannot cure.
When they desire my counsel, they will probably
ask it, and it will then be time enough for me to
express my sentiments as a Christian, or phi-
lanthropist, upon this creature of local law. As
such it doubtless has its rights, under the provis-
ions of existing laws, as well as security in the
States where it is established. This institution,
however abhorrent to northern sentiment, is the
growth of a century, and a century may elapse
ere this Republic, under the wisest, calmest coun-
sels, may witness its extinction. But for the in-
terference of party politics, four, and perhaps five
States where it now exists, would have abolished
it, after the example of their sisters at the North.
It is not necessary to say what I would do, should
this or that ease arise in the developments of Prov-
idence, and in the history of my country. No
wise court pronounces judgment on a case not be-
fore it. Enough that I feel bound to stand by the
law of the land and the compromises of the Con-
stitution So much on the one hand.
On the other, I am no slavery propagandist. I
do not see in this thing that expansive element
that is in danger of becoming straitened for room,
and is casting about for new fields of enterprise,
lest it should be driven in upon itself, and perish
by a sort of spontaneous combustion ! On the
contrary it existed at the Declaration of Independ-
ence in all the thirteen States of the Union. It
has been dying outat the North instead of expand-
ing; it cannot live in a northern atmosphere; it
perishes by the side of free labor, where ideas
of social equality and equal political privileges
so extensively prevail; it was ejected, not simply
from humanitarian motives, but from those of
economy to the master, and of vigor to the State,
which is always weakened by the existence in it
of a helot race. Where every gentleman is a
working man, and every working man a gentle-
man, there is no need of involuntary servitude.
Labor is dignified, as well of the hand as of the
head; and the toiling millions, who form the sub-
stratum of the social edifice, toil freely, cheerfully,
for themselves and their children, and in the next
generation stand on the topmost round of the lad-
der. Our " sills," at the North are of granite and
marble, and not " mud," and are. therefore ca-
pable of being wrought into polished shafts and
capitals, to adorn even this national temple with
gracefulness afid beauty.
We may speculate forever upon the superiority
and inferiority of races, and upon the adaptation
of color to clime. Sugar, tobacco, and cotton
have a vigorous grasp, which northern and Euro-
pean consumption strengthens and tightens. We
have no right to be impatient, denunciatory, or
meddlesome. God only can solve this problem,
which elongates its shadow beyond human ken;
and in the mean time the master should remember
that he is responsible to his servant and his
Maker for every ray of intelligence he withholds,
and every social and religious enjoyment he
