1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2361
ing allusion to the well-known fact that a number
of persons were killed and wounded by the firing
of the marines, and there they left it. The im-
portant fact was never brought out, that at the
time of firing there was no riot, no violence, be-
yond the control of the civil power; that the elec-
tion was going on peaceably. That fact was
concealed by the authorities of the city of Wash-
ington, civil and judicial. And now if you wish
to know how so glaring a fact came to be covered
up, I can possibly throw some light on it. I have
here alistof the grand jury, and of the petitjury.
An analysis of their politics has been furnished
me by as respectable a^gentlSman as there is in
the city of Washington*. I say that those juries
were such as sent Sidney and Russell to the scaf-
fold.
grand jury.
Whig J3nti-Know Nothing. Whif,
George W. Itiggs. William B. Todd.
Jame* F,. Morgan, Dem. •/Jnti-Knoiv Nothing,
George S, Gideon. Joshua I'leiec.
Robeit S. Patterson. Geor e A. Bolner.
William T. Dove. Zadok W. McKnew.
Alexander II. Dodge. Buckn^r B;nli*s>.
Jonathan Prout. George C. Ames.
Geoigc McCeney. Lewi* Oarbotry.
Whirr, fsaac Clarke.
William A. Bradley. Thomas J. Gait.
John P. Ingle. Lawrence A. (Jobnght.
Joseph O. G. Kennedy. Englishman
Dauus Clngptt. William J. Stone, sr.
Samuel Bacon.
Not one member of the American party; six Whigs, who
act independent of any party; all the rest dcoided oppo-
uenfc
Wliics  r>
Democratic and Win? Anti-Know Nothings 17
Englishman, independent  1
5
Amencans not one. ~
PETIT JURY.
•American. IrUh Whig *fhili-Kw>ty*
Daniel Li^htt'ooj. Nothing.
William T. Jones. PamnpJ Melvniglit.
James M. Taylor. Know Nothing.
Fuinus B. Loid. Goov^e AI. Sotlioron
Italian •dvti Know Nothing. Jama's B. llolmead.
Seraphim Maui. Thomas D. Larner.
Englishmen. Lewis Newton.
Famuel Stott. John E Neale.
Abraham Butler. Edwaid Edelen.
James Fullalove. Sonthey S. Parker.
•dnli-Kiioio Nothing, Alfred Ray.
John W. Ott Whin.
John L. Maddox. Benjamin E. Gittmgs.
Dem. Jlnlx-Know Nothing. Independent.
Jolm T. Bradley. Robm II. Harnison.
James Barnes. Thomas J. Davt<.
Thomas J. Williams. William Van ltiswick.
John E. Kendall. Aaion Divmc.
Zephaniah K. Offutt. Dovhffvl.
N. Boyd Brooks. Robert M. Watkins.
Peter Hepburn.
Four members of the American party', five foreigners by
bnth, lour acting independently of any paity, one doubtful;
the rest Anti-Amei ican.
Amencans  4
Foreigners and Democrats 28
There were twenty-four men upon the giand
jury. There were of them six who were old-
line Whjgs, acting- independently of any party.
There were on it eighteen who were the decided
opponents of the American party; and they were
the twenty-four summoned by the Democratic
marshal of this District to examine into the guilt
or innocence of the Democratic authorities and the
American voters, where the question was whether
the latter were guilty of riot, or the former guilty
of murder, upon the event I have described m this
city, where the ratio of permanent inhabitants
to temporary inhabitants, and of the American
party to the Administration party, is as I have
described it in the early portion of my remarks,
when speaking of the organization of elected
bodies in this city. That grand jury was organ-
ized; set to work; succeeded in strengthening all
the erroneous impressions which had been con-
voyed to the country by all the newspapers in this
Dixtiict.
My attention lias been called by the gentleman
from Mississippi to an important point of this
narrative, which I had omitted; and that is, that
of those killed and wounded only two were Amer-
icans, and that only one of those men killed was
from Baltimore, and that was a young: man who
was brakesman on the Baltimore and Washington
railroad, and came here that morning on the cars;
and he happened to be a Democrat. I mention
these facts not for the purpose of casting odium
upon any one, but because the question of my
honoiable friend from Mississippi only shows
that, in his mind, an impression exists that men
of the American party were the rioters; that they
came from Baltimore; that they were the sufferers
by the firing; and that the Government did not do
the world much harm by that short method of
dealing with them. But, sir, the dead and wounded
appear not to have been on the side on which they
were supposed to have been.
Now, sir, with reference to the panel of the
petit jury summoned to try the men charged with
the riots: there were thirty-two upon the panel.
You will recollect that there was not one Ameri-
can on the grand jury, although the American
party polled at the election in this city, when
Mayor Magruder was elected, within twenty-six
of a clear majority of the whole vote polled. On
the panel of the petit jury, there were four Amer-
icans and twenty-eight opponents of the Ameri-
can party, foreigners or Democrats; and that in-
strument of judicial torture -was selected by the
marshal of this District, whose duty it is to select
the juries. Let us sum up this extraordinary case
—thefirstexample of political persecution through
an American judiciary—the first example Hi my
knowledge of a grandjury filled with men of one
political party charged to indict men of another
political party—the first instance of a panel of a
petitjury filled with partisans whose duty was to
tiy their political enemies. There were thirty-
four men killed and wounded. There were thirty-
four men indicted. Of the men shot, only two
were Americans, and thirty were friends of the
Administration. Of the men indicted, thirty were
Americans and only four Democrats. To inves-
tigate a riot laid to the charge of the American
party, a grand jury withouta single American on
it was summoned. To try the thirty Americans
indicted, a jury panel was summoned having only
four Amencans and twenty-eight of their political
opponents. By such a tribunal none of them were
convicted of riot. By such a graud jury neither
the Mayor, nor a marine, nor any one else, was
indicted for murder of any of the fourteen killed.
The riot was imputed to the Americans, yet no
one was by them killed or wounded, except the
one marine at the time of the firing. -Those who
fell, fell before the fiie of the marines, under the
order of the chief peace officer of the city; and no
magistrate has been found who would lend his
official aid to bring any of those guilty of the
firing to judicial responsibility. Of the fourteen
killed only two were the subjects of a coroner's
inquest, and only one verdict was ever published.
On such a state of the case, this House owes it
to itself; owes it to the blood of its murdered fel-
low-citizens; owes it to the integrity of their Gov-
ernment; owes it to the jealousy that the Amer-
ican people have ever exhibited of the use of mil- j
itary power, to investigate thismattei thoroughly, i
and to bring the guilty, however high and pow- j
eiful, to solemn responsibility for this high crime j
against the public liberty. i
Sir, the enormity of this offense against the j
public liberty is too apparent, when we reflect j
that this military array was called out without j
the least shadow of authority of law; that the ca- i
lamitous events I have depicted were the natural '
consequences of that illegal act. The Constitu- 1
tion confides to Congress the power to piovide >
for calling forth the military power, of which the
President is the merely military officer. '
Congress has discharged this delicate duty by :
placing the Army at the disposal of the President ;
to suppress insurrection, repel invasion, and en- >
force the execution of the laws; but only when the >
power of the marshals of the United States have i
been found inadequate, and after proclamation to ;
the people resisting the Government. !
In this deplorable case, the marshal does not !
appear to have been called on. He summoned no
posse; he displayed no power; lie was left neg- |
lected; his power uninvoked; and the rough hand 1
of military violence was easily, roughly, or care- J
kssly laid on the citizen, spreading (loath and ;
wounds amid peaceful men around the ballot-box.
And they who were guilty of the blood have been
left to go free; while the course of justice has been ]
perverted to punish those against whom this mil- I
itary violence was directed, but whom adiscrim-
mating power preserved. i
These things are of grave and serious inipoit. :
They are one of many ciicum&tancus showing a
tendency to resoit to military intrusion to ac- j
comphsh political ends which augur danger to the ;
Republic; and i/iis, as the gravest and most fla-
grant abuse of military power known to the his-
tory of the Republic, deserves, and I trust will
receive, at the hands of this House, a searching
investigation. If this House neglect the petition
of the people of this District, the next House of
Representatives will not be so deaf to the cry
of the oppressed. It touches the very integrity of
our laws, the immunity of the citizen from mili-
tary violence, the just jealousy of military power
which pervades our people; and they will listen
to the appeal which their Representatives may
neglect.
Mr. BURNETT. It has seldom been my lot, •<
sir, to listen to so extraordinary a speech as the
one just delivered by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis.] It would be impossible for
me to notice all the points which the gentleman
has attempted to make in the hour which he has
occupied. He started out with the most startling
proposition, and one that, in my judgment, is
behind the age, and will not be indorsed by this
committee, that there should be attached, as a
condition precedent to the exercise of the right of
suffrage by the citizens of this country, a" prop-
erty qualification.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I made no such
proposition.
Mr. BURNETT. That is the result of the gen-
tleman's argument.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I did not say so.
Mr. BURNETT. When I put language in the
gentleman's mouth, he can say that he did not
use it. 1 merely say that that is the effect of his
proposition. He says that the Departments of
Washington are filled by gentlemen from every
section of the country, who come here merely for
a temporary purpose; that these gentlemen o.wn
no property here; that they are not identified with
the property interests in the city of Washington;
and that their interest was not the same as that of
the tax-payers of the city; that they were not only
dependent, but that they were under the whip of
a master; dependent for their bread upon retain-
ing their positions; and that,therefore,they ought
not to be allowed to vole, because they could not
exercise the right of suffrage as freemen. Do I
do the gentleman any injustice?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My proposition
was to extend the residence required to two years,
so as to make it more permanent.
Mr. BURNETT. But the gentleman used lan-
guage of the purport that I have ascribed to him.
Now, let us carry out that doctrine. The distin-
guished gentleman from Maryland acts princi-
pally with the Republican party; and I ask the
Republicans to unite with me in determining
where it will lead to, and the necessary results
and consequences which will flow from incorpo-
rating such a theory in our system of legislation.
These gentlemen who are here in the employment
of the Government are intelligent. Some of them
have occupied high positions in this country.
Many of them have been members of this House.
They have some of the most important interests
of the people confided to their care. They come
here to the city of Washington, and are required,
under the coiporation ordinances, to pay taxes
and perform all the duties of citizens. They pay-
school taxes; and where they own personal prop-
erty it is assessed and taxed also. And are we to
be told,as the gentleman from Maryland tells us,
that because these men are appointed during good
behavior, they are therefore mere slaves of the
Administration, and that they ought not to be per-
mitted to exercise the right of suffrage ?
Sir, I will say to the gentleman from Maryland
that when he makes such a charge as this against
the employes of the Government in* this city, he
does himself no credit. He charges that these
men who are here in offices to which many of the
great interests of the country are confided, are
mere slaves, and do not exercise the right of free
will. Now. where will that doctrine iead you?
You say that they do not own property here, and
are here only temporarily. Well, sir, in New
York and other free States, how many landhold-
ers have you in thefarimngiriterest? How many-
men are there in the great State of New \ ork
who own any farm lands ? The number is small
as compared with the whole population of the
State. Who are the men who work the soil?
Why, sir, the laboring men of the country, the
industrial classes. They do the work upon the
