1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Thompson.
Ho. of Reps.
denies to this creature, whose body and soul are
alike in Ins keeping.
At the North, the physical condition and moral
elevation of the free people of color are not yet
what philanthropy had hoped; and, moreover, a
fearful diminution has taken place in their num-
bers, by disease, by poverty, by thriftlessness,by
the social pressure of the white upon the negro,
of the superior upon the inferior. That popu-
lation is disappearing, until, a few years hence,
they will, by an inevitable law, which seems to
enfold them and the Indian alike, pass out of the
vision of the northern eye. With a different
climate and relation as to numbers with a white
population, emancipation would have been more
tardy, and its results an unsolved problem.
However political parties may fight against it,
the population of the Territories will be ultimate
judges of what institutions they will establish, and
Congress will admit them under the provisions of
the Constitution.
Up to this hour, move than one hundred
speeches have been made upon this floor, in ref-
erence to the affairs of Kansas; those who urge
her admission doing it on the ground, chiefly, that
a majority of her legal people ask such admission
under the Lecompton constitution; that it will
allay the slavery agitation of the country; that it
is necessary to give to that institution a wider area;
that the balance of power between the North and
the South can be only thus preserved; and that,
without this, there is imminent danger that sev-
eral, if not all, of the southern States will with-
draw from the Union! On the other hand, it is
urged that the people of Kansas have from the
beginning been circumvented and oveiboine by a
foreign domination; thai they are opposed to the
permanent and eonstituuonnl establishment of sla-
very anions them; that the adoption of this con-
stitution will create wider and fiercer agitation,
resulting in civil war; that the idea of a balance
<3f power in the General Government between the
two thirds and one third is an unjustand obsolete
idea; that power must follow population; and that
greater peril to the Union will result from the ad-
mission than from the icjection of tins Tcmtory
with thisconstitutirm; those, with many auxiliary
and minor points, have been urged with greattal-
ent, zeal, and smecrity.
I regret that honorable members, in the heat of
debate, have sometimes indulged in the language
of menace and intimidation—language always
unsuited to the discussion of topics so gr.uoand
interests so momentous, it is not by thieats or
taunts, upbraiding.* or insults, nor by invidious
companions, that wc are to work out a solution
of this difficult theme. To my mind theioare
presented questions of greater immediate interest
than whether Kansas shall be admitted with a
constitution establishing or recognizing slavery;
for no man who knows anything of the tough
hardihood and grit of the American character and
will, can be doubtful of that issue, whether the
knot is eventually cut by legal or martial weap-
ons. If we do a great wrong to Kansas,-she has
power enough, matriial and moral, to right her
wrongs, and the v/illtodoit. From hcrposition,
environments, climate, population, educational
and industrial fmces, her Sfatepolicy mustevent-
nally be a free policy, as well as that of Missouri,
by her side, and no constitutional barriers or Fed-
eral armies can prevent it. If not stamped upon
her institutions in their inception, for anycau.se,
that policy will work on, repressed, yet omnipo-
tent, until it leaps forth, like smoldering fire, to
consume its fetters-, and bathe the whole land-
scape in its light!
But, sir, m the rapid unfolding® of this drama,
it has constantly gathered in importance, and as-
sumed aspects more portentous, becoming not
simply a question of free or slave policy in a Ter-
ritory, but one deep, broad, vital as the founda-
tions of popular govern ment, underlying the entire
fabric of our national institutions, and to determ-
ine, in its issues, whether the popular will is to be
respected; whether government is no longer to de-
rive its powers from the consent of the governed;
whether fair dealing or fraud shall be the rule;
whether our Chief Executive is a public servant
or a despot; whether our Government is one of
law or of force; whether the people shall govern
themselves, or be ruled by a standing army in time
of peace; whether the open and shameless viola-
tion of all the decorum and decencies of political
institutions, promising the people that through the
bailot-box their voice shall be heard, and falsify-
ing it by the double crime of forgery and perjury,
shall terminate in success, or in detection find de-
feat ? These are questions now looming up before
us, and soon to receive a practical adjustment; for,
if our free institutions are prostituted to despotic
ends; if men in office can defy the popular voice,
and triumph; if history can be falsified, facts per-
verted, violence and cruelty meet with approval;
if a President, or party, or both, can defy and tram-
ple upon the people's rights and come off victori-
ous—then indeed have we fallen upon evil times;
then is this whole fabric of civil government, for
which so much blood has been shed, so m uch treas-
ure expended, so many prayers offered, and with
which humanity's progress and the world's hopes
are linked, suffering disaster and derangement,
and imperiled by shocks it cannot long survive.
In view of these questions, it is comparatively
immaterial what the Lecompton constitution pro-
poses to establish, whether servitude or a millen-
nium; its precedents, its surroundings,its authors
and abettors, write all overit the record ofits con-
demnation. Yet it has been twice recommended
by the Presidentfor adoption by Congress, as 'he
basis of admission. It has been published; it is
before us and the country ;a documentso singular
and anomalous m its provisions, so pregnant with
the doublings of political trickery, so fortified
against abrogation or amendment, so hedged
about by test oaths and double entenihes, so prod-
igal of grace in one direction and so mg<r«idly m
another—that we ask involuntarily, ia this the
spontaneous expression of a fi ee people ? And we
are answered by their Delegate heie,by their
public meetings and prints, by then- legislative
expressions and protests, in a voice we cannot
mistake, pi onouncing it ;i spurious document, not
emanating in any sense from (he people of Kan-
sas; an outrage and a sham, m its inception, prog-
ress, and consummation; a stupenduous swindle
upon popular rights and sovereignty; a fraud not
only upon every principle involved m the ordinary
mode of originating and pet feeling State constitu-
tions, but equally so upon the peculiar creed and
pledges under which it is pretended to be framed.
4
I.— TUB ORGANIC ACT CONFERRED NO POWER UPON
TIIII TERRITORIAL I,EGlSLATl'RE TO CALL A CON-
A C MTI0 \r.
Sixty men, calling themsehes the Lecompton
con vent ion, f i a mod th is con.st initio n. From whom
did they derive their authority? from the Terri-
torial Legislature? What authority resided in
this Legislature to nrigmnte such a convention ?
Was it conferred by Congress, whose special
agent, with limited powers, this Legislature is;
No such authority can be shown; and the settled
doctrine, both as it respected Aikansus and Mich-
igan, was, heretofore, that all such exercise of
power to originate a constitution, was, in the lan-
guage of .Tames Buchanan, in 1820, " nothing but
uswpation!" To make it legal, to give it the form
a-id show of a regular pi ocedure, the power must
emanate from Congress; for in Congress is the
government of the Territories alone committed;
and, unless somewhere in the organic act the Ter-
ritorial Legislature were authorized to set on foot
measures to originate a State constitution, it is as
much a usurpation to propose one for Kansas,
as if this same convention had proposed one for
Arizona or Utah ! It has been contended, by gen-
tlemen on theotherside, thotby the twenty-fourth
section of the Kan sac-Nebraska act, t he legislative
power of the Territory is declared to extend " to
all rightful subjects of legislation,'' and that the au-
thorization of a convention is one of them. But
by what rule is this act made one of them ? Being
a Territorial Legislature, its functions are purely
territorial, and cannot reach beyond those sub-
jects which are strictly such. Who gave it power
to originate acts which contemplate its own ex-
tinction? No legislative body can do that indi-
rectly which it cannot do directly. Could it law-
fully pass an act terminating its own existence?
Such an act would be essentially revolutionary—
not in pursuance of, but hostile to, the purposes
of its creation. So far from being in the Terri-
torial Legislature, it is not even in the people of
Kansas, who are under the wing of the General
Government, and can exercise no powers of a
political character not conferred upon them by
the laws of the United States. If such a consti-
tution is presented, it is of no higher force or
authority than a petition; it binds no one, it con-
cludes no one; it is no estoppel upon the people
to remonstrate; it is no pretense in the face of
objection for Congress to act" I know it is said
that it has not been deemed material heretofore
how a State constitution originated, provided the
people were agreed. But while this is true, it in
no way impairs the forcc or validity of the objec-
tion to this constitution, that it comes from a
source entitled to no consideration as a duly-con-
stituted body with power to originate it.
Says the President, in his message :
" The convention to Train c a constitution for Kansas met
on the first Monday ot September las<t. They were called
tf>2cther by virtue of an act of the Territorial Legislature,
\vho>e lawful e?i$tcn<c [not power] bad been recognised
by Congiess in different fotm*. and by different enactments."
Well, suppose this to be nil true, may not a
Territorial Legislature exist, and perform all its
functions as such, in carrying on the machinery of
tenitorml government without at the same time
possessing any power to originate ox initiate pro-
ceedings, by convention or otherwise, which are
to result in the extinction of the legislative body?
Their power is, cx nccessitati rei, bounded by lines
which keep them fiom suicide—self-annihilation:
"A laicte propoiuou of the citizens of Kansas did not
think proper to loiter ihen nameV5 *ays the President,
'• <uul to vole at the cli ctmn for delegates; but an oppoitum-
iv to do litis having been fairly afforded, the refusal to avail
thcnHrivcsof tins light could m no manner affect the legal-
ity ol the convention."
It is now clearly evident that the President
was misitifoimed on this subject-, it being ascer-
tained, not only that the citizcns had no agency
in the registration—which was omitted design-
edly by the officers having that in charge—but
that in nineteen counties there was no census,
and in fifteen counties there was no registry of
voters, including some of the oldest, most popu-
lous, and best organized counties; and in which
counties, therefore, not a vote could be given.
But however this may be, I inquire if the Terri-
torial Legislature had no power to authorize a
convention to change the organic law, how could
the convention bind any one to vote, or abstain
from voting, and by what right are the original
privileges of citizens curtailed or defeated, because
they refuse to accept such an empty boon, and go
through the parade of such meaningless forms?
Voting, or not voting, the 44 legality of the con-
vention" is not affected ! It would have possessed
no legality had they voted, and it has none now.
Not having power to authorize a convention, the
Legislature had no power to prescribe the means
and processes of calling it into being; the one
falls with the other.
II. TIIE SCHEDULE AN ILLEGAL LEGISLATIVE ACT.
What has this convention proposed, apart from
the constitution, in a most extraordinary paper
called a " schedule," forming no part of the in-
strument necessarily, but dictating the mode of its
adoption, and revealing to the people what they
are permit'ed to do m regard to it? It is claimed
by the President that it inlands fairly to carry out
the provisions and spirit of the organic act of May
30, 1854; and that the convention proposed this
schedule because 14 the act of the Territorial Le-
gislature omitted to provide for submitting to the
people the constitution winch might be framed by
the convention."
Sir, I again inquire by what authority did the
convention draw up a schedule dictating to the
people of Kaunas what they might or might not
do, in reference to this notable achievement, by
ordering an election on the 2Jst of December last ?
The President graciously tells us " the conven-
tion framed it, because the Legislature did not;"
or, in other words, Congress gave no power to the
Legislature; and if it did, it has failed to exeicise
it, and therefoie the convention have done it them-
selves. Is this legal? There was no necessity
, for it; the convention were to meet on the first
j Monday of September, 1857, but the Legislature
j doubtless supposed they might be a long time in
| deliberation, and that it might be safely left to
a future Legislature to prescribe the mode of its
, submission to the people. Sir, this schedule, in
