1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
framed to a vote of the people for adoption or re-
jection ?
I confess that I would have preferred a submis-
sion of that constitution altogether to a vote of
the qualified citizens. I have every reason to be-
lieve that the President desired that submission;
and we all know that Governor Walker preferred
it. But, let me ask, what has my preference to
do with the question ? What had the desire of
the President or of Governor Walker to do with
it? Just nothing at all. The convention was in-
dependent of all control, let it be assumed by high
or low. Governor Walker says to the people of
Kansas:
"You shouJd not console yourselves, my fellow-citizens,
with the reflection that you may, by a subsequent vote,
defeat the ratification of the constitution. Although most
anxious to securc to you the exercise of thatgreatconstitu-
tional right, and believing thatthe constitution is the sei v.mt
and not the master of the people, yet 1 have no power to
dictate the pioceedmgs of that body."
Governor Walker was right. lie had not, nor
had any other human being outside of the con-
vention, the power to dictate what its proceedings
should be.
Was there any law requiring the convention to
submit the constitution to a vote of the people?
If there was, I have failed in my search for it.
The territorial act, under the authority of which
the convention assembled, is in the words foliow-
ing:
" The delegates thus elected [to the convention] shall as-
semble in convention at the capital of «aid Territory on the
first Monday of September next, and shall proceed to form
its constitution and State government, which shall be repub-
lican m its toun, for admission into the Union, on an equal
footing with the oiiginal States in all respects whatever, by
the name of the State of Kansas."'
It will be observed that there is not one word,
either m the organic law organizing the Terri-
tory, or in the territorial act calling the conven-
tion, requiring a submission of the constitution to
a vote of the people, before it should become bind-
ing on them as the fundamental law of the State.
By what law, then, was its submission required?
By no law whatever.
Indeed, it is but fair to argue that the people of
Kansas were opposed to the submission, for the
reason that the act. which was passed, calling the
convention, was vetoed by the Governor because
it did not require the convention to submit the
constitution to a vote of the people, and it was
afterwards passed, over the veto of the Governor,
by a vote of two thirds of the members of the
Legislature. If the members of the Legislature
represented the views of their constituents, and
it is generally supposed that legiUatois do so, the
enactment of a law under ouch circumstances
would be strong evidence to prove that the peo-
ple were averse to asubmission of the constitution,
for adoption or rejection, to a vote of the citizens.
Did precedent require a submission of that con-
stitution to a vote of the people of Kansas ? Not
one of the original States of this Union had sub-
mitted to a vote of the people its constitution be-
fore entering into the Union. Not one half of the
remaining States which have entered the Union
since, had their constitutions submitted before
they were admitted. Two thirds, at least, of all
our States, entered the Union without a submis-
sion of their constitutions. Are all these consti-
tutions invalid because they were not submitted
to a vote of the citizens? Who will dare assert
such an absurdity? I wish not to be understood
as opposinga submission of State constitutions to
avote. i am in favor of it. But I assert here that
a constitution is valid and binding without it; and
when the law calling a convention to frame or
alter a constitution does not require such submis-
sion, the convention is not bound to submit it.
The last subject to which I shall direct the at-
tention of the House, is the question so much
controverted here and elsewhere: that is, whether i!
or not the people of Kansas can alter, amend, jj
change, or abolish the Lecompton constitution, j!
at any time they may see proper so to do ? ij
1 hold the doctrine, Mr. Chairman, that if ];
Kansas is admitted into the Union under the jj
Lecompton constitution, the qualified citizens of \\
that State can alter, amend, or abolish that con- j
stitution whenever they see proper. I am further ■!
of the opinion that the citizens of a State may 'I
change their constitution in any other way than jj
that prescribed in the constitution itself; and that ij
if they do, it will be binding upon the people of
the State until it is changed again. In this opin- i!
ion I am at least sustained by precedent, and I
think by common sense. The people of the State
of Maryland are at this hour governed by a con-
stitution framed and adopted at a different time,
and in a different mode, from that prescribed in
the constitution changed.
The constitution of that State provided as fol-
lows:
" That this form of government, and the declaration of
rights, and no part thereof, shall be altered, changed, or
abolished, unless a bill so as to alter, change, or abolish the
same, shall pass the General Assembly and be published at
least three months before anew election, and shall be con-
tinued by thf Genetal Assembly after a new election of
delegates m the first session after such new election."
It will be observed that this provides that two
consecutive Legislatures shall approve the law
providing for the alteration of the constitution.
The Legislature at a single session passed an act
authorizing the people to decide by vote whether
a convention should be called to amend the con-
stitution. The people decided that a conven-
tion should be called; the convention assembled;
amended the constitution; the amended constitu-
tion was adopted by the people; and they are now
living under, and observing as valid and binding,
its provisions. Who dared say aught against it,
or who deny them the right to live under that con-
stitution, and to punish all who violate it? Can
any people out of that State deny its validity ? and
if the citizens in the State are satisfied with it,
who has any right to complain? I am informed
that the present Legislature of Maryland, which
has a majority of that party usually called " Know
Nothings,5' have passed an act to amend their
present constitution before the time fixed in the
constitution itself for its change. If the people of
Maryland, under this act, should change their
constitution, is there any power or people outside
of Maryland that can interfere and prevent its
going into operation? Certainly not. I do not
speak with certainty; but I am under the impres-
sion that the States of New York and Indiana
changed their respective constitutions m a differ-
ent manner, or at a different time, from that pre-
scribed for so doing in the constitution changed.
Will any one here say that the constitutions of
these States are not valid, and can be violated with
impunity? I think not. Is there anything more
sacred and unchangeable in the constitution of
Kansas than in those of Maryland, New York,
and Indiana? t
If the people of Kansas shall desire to alter, j
amend, or abolish the Lecompton constitution,
if the State shall be admitted with that consti-
tution, all they have to do is to get an act of the
Legislature passed, calling a convention to alter
or amend the same; and if the people, by a vote,
cither adopt or acquiesce in the constitution so
altered or amended, no people in any other State '
of this Union can interfere. I will ventme to say 1
that there is not a member on the other side of the j
House who will say that if the Legislature, at its !
first session, shall pass an act calling a conven- :
tion, and the act is approved by the Governor, '
and the convention should strike out all the Le- j
comptnn constitution, which rccogmzes slavery as j
one of the domestic institutions of Kansas, and I
if the people adopt the amended constitution, it J
would not be valid and binding on ail people re- j
siding there. If this can be done, why not abol- j
ish the whole constitution and make an entire new I
one ? If they do so, no power under heaven can !
interfere with them and their rights under that j
constitution as long as it remains unaltered. This 1
may be called revolution. If it is, it is a peaceful j
revolution, under form of law, and destroys no
man's rights.
I assume the position, also, that the people of
Kansas have the right to alter, amend, or abolish
their constitution at any time they may see proper,
because that right is reserved to them in the bill
of rights. There is a provision in the bill of rights
in these words:
2. All political power is inherent in the people, and all
free governments arc founded on their duthonty, and msti- ,
tuted for their benefit; and, theiefore, they h.ive at ail times ;
an inalienable and indefeasible right 10 altei, reform, or j
abolish then form of government in such mannui as they J
may think pioper." |
It is said that a bill of rights in a constitution J
is the same as a preamble to a law. What is a j
preamble to a law but a statement of the noccs-
sity of a Jaw to secure some, right or redress some
wrong? It simply shows that up to that time j
some right was left msecuic, or some wrong unre- :
dressed, by reason of the want of a law. It 4oes
not^ reserve a right. It shows the necessity of
taking away from some the right to injure their
neighbors. But what does this section of the dec-
laration of rights provide ? That fhe^-ight of the
people to alter, reform, or abolish, their form gov-
ernment, in such manner as they may think proper,
is inalienable;, is not given up; is reserved. If this
right is inalienable it cannot be taken away by
any other provision of the same.constitution, if
it is reserved iruhe people—not given up'by them
-~it is a provision above all others, and- must be
observed before all others; because it is for the
security of the rights of the people against op-
pression and wrong. The rights of the people
cannot be taken away or curtailed except by an
express provision of law; and when that provis-
ion comes in conflict with another provision in the
same instrument, by which a certain right is re-
served to and declared to be inalienable and inde-
feasible in the people, the former must give way
to the latter.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I have discharged
the duty I undertook, in the best manner-I could.
I will record my vote for the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, because I be-
lieve the laws of my country, which I am bound
to support, demand it of me. The consequences
to myself I have nothing to do with. I am in the
hands of those who honored me with a seat on
this floor. If they think I have misrepresented
them, and that there is another more worthy or
capable to represent them here, I believein their
right to send that person in my place. I will not
complain. When I have done my duty in obe-
dience to the dictates of my judgment, and, as I
believe, in accordance with the lawsof my coun-
try, I shall be contented, whatever may be my
fate in the future. I would now willingly sacri-
fice my position, and all my political prospectsin
the future, whatever they may be, if, by so doing,
1 could secure peace and quiet among our people.
I love my native land; I am proud of the past his-
tory and present greatness of my country; and
I confidently look forward to the day when all
nations shall acknowledge our superiority, and
when, through the benign influence of our free
institutions, the kingdoms of the earth shall be
regenerated, and the whole hum^n race disen-
thralled. Let us cherish these institutions. .Let
us environ our Union with an impenetrable wall
of strong arms and stout hearts. That Union I
Who does not love it? The grandest edifice the
world has ever beheld—erected by the wisdom
of men of whom the world was not worthy—ce-
mented by the blood of the purest patriots whoever
lived m the tide of time, and bequeathed by them
to us a priceless heritage—it has resisted all the
rude shocks and angry waves which have hereto-
fore threatened its destruction, and shall stand
firm upon its base in all time to come, if we, and
those coming after us, shall but guard it with half
the vigilance exercised by those who spent their
energies and lives to secure its perpetuity. I earn-
estly beseech my brethren of the North and of
the South to act now, when our country is per-
haps in its gieatest peril, not as the Representa-
tives of a divided and d istracted people, but as the
Representatives of the whole country. Lot us
abandon all sectional feeling, and rally around the
standard of our common country. Let us keep
oiw time-honored flag waving gallantly over our
heads, no star obliterated, no stripe erased, until,
as State after State shall be admitted into our
Union, and star after star be added to that flag,
all over the land, from North to South, from East
to West, the cry shall be borne on every breeze,
" still they come."
Mr. THAYER. It may be expected, Mr.
Chairman, that at this time I should say some-
thing in defense of the Pilgrims, and of the State
of Massachusetts; for they have been repeatedly
assailed on this floor, within the last two weeks.
But I shall make no defense. 'There are some
things wluch I never attempt to defend. Among
these are the Falls of Niagara, the White Mount-
ains of New Hampshire, the Atlantic ocean, Ply-
mouth Rock, Bunker Hill, and the history of
Massachusetts. Any man may assail either or all
of them with perfect impunity, so far as I am con-
cerned. Any words of disparagement or vituper-
ation directed against either of these objects by
any assailant, excite in me feelingsvery different
from thoce of indignation—whether the assailant
