1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
order to control the municipal elections. Now, !' prehension was removed by subsequent information re-
sir, the gentleman himself voted for the very bill I j oeiVef bythe Mayor* However, a detachment of police rc-
t - i tv/t A,r j ixi it ■! paired to the railroad station on the morning ot the 1st of
under which Mayor Magiuder was elected. Here jj June, and there witnessed the arrival of the Baltimore
is the lecord: Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, offered the |!*party. The object of pioceedmg thither was, as stated in
bill; the previous question was called and sus- II evidence, to scan closelv the appearance ot the strangers,
tained; a"d the gentleman from Maryland voted \[ so Ceroid they coinuuta breach of the peace, they
. i-ii ® ^ i; might bo readily identified.
lor tile bill. ^ 11 it is proper to remaik that the exciting causes of the riot,
In speaking of the election riots last June, the \[ and subsequent bloodshed, in the fowth icard, may> in the
gentleman from Maryland said that only fourteen j' opinion of the grand jury, be ascribed wdnly to the '-presence
m
J.
w fr
or sixteen of these young men came from Balti-
more. I ask him whether he states the facts to
the committee on his own authority, or on hear-
say?
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I stated that I had
been consulted as counsel for the defense of some
young men who had been indicted, and that, in
the coarse of the consultation, the information
which I have given here came out; and if an in-
vestigation shall be ordered by this House at any
time, what I have stated here can be proved by
legal evidence, within the limits of this city. That
I have on information which I perfectly rely on
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman said that
there was an attempt on the part of a corrupt and jj
venal press to cover up this thing. In answer to
that, I will refer to one paper here, not any press j
of my own party—a press which has never looked >!
with favor upon the Democratic party; but which ;
I will do it the justice to say is, in my judgment, !
one of the most dignified journals of the Union— ]
more correct in its statements, and more reliable
upon the matters of history than perhaps any j'
other; I refer to the National Intelligencer. That -
paper, the morning after the election, justified the ^
action of the authorities in calling out the marines, '
and stated that there was a reign of terror here; ■
that bands of rowdies had come to this city from :
Baltimore, armed with knives, slungshots, and
revolvers; that they had made the streets of Wash-
ington scenes of terror—that it was impossible to i|
exercise the right of suffrage. !i
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is only what '!
I admitted and stated—that the whole press of the ||
city, without an exception, so far as I knew, had j|
concurred in a misrepresentation. Now, if the U
gentleman thinks that is not a misrepresentation, h
let him propose a resolution of inquiry, and I li
stand ready to prove it. \\
Mr. BURNETT. I am not here for the pur- i,
pose of gratifying the feelings of any malignant^!
persons by initiating an investigation. ji
Mr. CRAWFORD. As this question is pro- ,j
grossing, and the gentleman is exactly upon that ji
point, 1 desire to say that 1 have the finding of ,!
the jury upon tins very question. They exam- ;|
ined more than one hundred and twenty-five wit- i;
nesses upon this subject. Their report is before "
me; and, if the gentleman has time, I desire that
he shall have it read as a part of his specch, that ,}
it may go to the country with his remarks.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will just ■;
remark to my colleague, and to the gentleman jj
from Georgia, thai, at an early period of the ses- |
aion,Ifilod a memorial from the citizens of,Wash - \
ington, asking for an investigation; and I will jj
offer a resolution, before this Congress adjourns, i!
repeating the desire to make that investigation. ,i
Then gentlemen can come up and establish the ,i
facts, or flinch from them.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 was aware of the finding j'
of the grand jury. It is contained in the Wash- :j
ington "Union of the 18th of July, 1857, and is as
follows:
The grand jury, lnving. completed then labors for the
present term of tin- enminal court, and the jiul e of tliattt t-
bunal havitij specially directfd theirattention to the riots m ;1
the city ot Washington on the lat day ot June la-t.deenut '
to he a duty winch ihey on e nor les-> to the cac.-e of peace j,
and good order than to the ^aeiedness of the ballot-box to
present the following summaiy of the puncipal disgraceful j
events of tha* day :
They have examined upward of one bandied and twenty '
five wvne^es m relation to the general .subject ot the riot*, '
and have noted the testimony; from whir! appears the fact 1
that at the first piecwtoi of the fouith waid polls the bal >
loimg pioceeded qmetly until a few minutes past nine ;
o'clock in the morning, when a party of twelve or fouiteen 1
peisons,designated as ''Kip-Raps" ortkPlugT/giies,"fiom ;
Baltimore, came on the ground. i
They matched above the polk, clear of the citizens, (from '
eightv'to one bundled of them,) who, in a line, were pro- i
ceediiig towaid the window, each voting in turn Having j
reconnoitered the premises, the pai ty ot stiangeis lett the 1
scene for a short penod, and then retm ned with an increased :
foice of their paitisan?, also from Baltimore,together with j
a number of peisons nho leside m thi^ cuv That they i
were coming to Washington with evil intentions, the chief j
of police and the captain of the auxihaiy guaid had reason j
v to suspect several days prior to then aruval. But this ap- 1
of these strangers, vho were joined by a largenumber of dis-
orderly persons oj this city at or near the polls. At that time
an attempt to arrest them must have been ineffectual, owing
to the inadequate loice of the police then and there present
—the Boaid of Common Council having refused to pass a
bill authorizing the Mayot to increa<e the police force if he
should deem it necessary for the puipose of preserving order.
It is m evidence that the stiangcrs and their companions
were armed with pistols and other deadly weapons, which
were displayed with a view to intimidate peaceable citizens
from voting at the polls.
This body of men divided themselves into two parties—
one going inside, to the fence, neai the window, and the
other remaining outside of the voteis. The latter section
soon became tioublesomc abu-ing men in the line, thieat-
ening them, and loudly boasting, with others, that they
could whip any of their opponents. At tins point of the
dtstuibance, they threw stones. Some of ihem protested
against <( foicigncrs'' voting, and dcclaied that, elsewhere,
they would be debarred fiom such a pnvilege. The cry of
" figin" was frequently i(-iterated from the ranks of the
rioters. Remonstrance with them was vain; and while a
justice of the peace was engaged in the laudable effort to
enforce order, by calmly appealing to their better feelings,
lie was stmek with a buck upon the bienst, and otherwise
assaulted. Othei lespectable citizens u-ere seriously wound-
ed by the discharge of fire-arms, and missiles thiown both by
the Baltunoreans and their friends who acted with them.
Tile latter encouraged theii visiting biethten io make, the
attack. Fifteen or twenty of the pailies impatiently swore
that thev would k{ go m," and not wait an\ longer, when
atones were again thrown and pistols discharged by them.
By iSie combined movement and impetuous chaige. the line
of voters, was hmken, and m the geneial alaimthe commis-
sioners of election lied, deeming it unsafe to continue at
then po<t. The voters m the line were, (or the laiger prut,
natmahzed citizens. Dnven awav. some of them did not
leiuin. Aeeoidmg to ciedible witnesses, the aim of the
noteis was avowedly against those whom Kiey designated
us '• foieigneis."" and whom they would not pcinnt to vote.
But it is proper to ^ay that this hostility was not extended
to those ol Anieucaii biith, though of pontics opposite to
then own. The lioters having gamed their object in the
fouith ward, cave thiec cheers for their vietoiy. These
distui bailees ocouued between nu.e and ten o'clock in the
morning.
Intoiirianun of these disgiaccful and riotous occuirences
was communicated to thA Major of Washington. At that
time theie weieonlvo?ic policeman and six or seven mem-
bers of the auxiliary guard at the fourth ward jirecnid ;
these were driven away. Tlie Mavoi visited the scene, and.
having ascertained the true condition of atfairs, foi thwith
called upon the President of the United States, and request-
ed linn to oidei out the mannes foi the preservation of the
peace. In aecoidance with lepresentafions made, fiist vei-
ballv, and auerwauls in willing, and undei oath, Ihe Pres-
ident acquie&ccd. on the giound, as assumed, that the civil
force wa<« insufficient to iepicsh the liotous proceedings,
against ihe despeiatc and supeuoi numbeis of the disturb-
cisof the public peace. Aecoidirigly official orders weie
immediately dispatched to ihr garn-on, rcquning the ma
tmes to rep:ui to the City Hall, and that they repoit to the :
Mator for duty. :
When it became known at the Navy-Yaid that the ma- J
rmes had been ordered out, a six poundei oi field-piece was I
taken fiom the Amu-O'-na engine-house by a party of men j
and boys, avowedly lor hostile pmposcv. and with which
to opeiatc against the inilit.uj. Tne pci -onc having it in !
possession diew it to tlie liisi preemct of the lourth waul
before the manner reached that neighborhood, and from :
twenty to twenty-five minute^ anteuor to that Pine. The
Major, lemming to ihe polls, demanded that thoy be ,
opened; hut sevcial persons lnteino-ed, saving that they j
should not until the mannes weie lemoved, while another
person was at the sametini" baian^um^ the excited cr<^Ml.
Tne Mayot attempted to address them, and to inform them ■
that the mannes won; not tlune. to attack, but to piotcrt. .
citizens ni then; rights. But he was saluted with cries of j
" Dnvc huu oil!" Turn him out 1" and othci tsiuiilai ex- !
prescions. j
The man nes. on their an ival, wei e taunted by the noters, :
and provoking language was made u-e of Willi a view to ,
irritate and infult them. Duung these proceedings a mcs- I
sage was sent hvthe paifyin possession of the cannon.say-
ing that if the otfteer m commano did not abandon lus po-
sition, ihej w uuh' (ho upon him. It was then tiiat achaige
was made upon ihe can by the fhst platoon ot the fiistcotri-
■pany or mannes, arid after two of the mannes had been
wounded b\ the rioteis. It was taken without bloodshed.
Ju-t befoie this was accomplished, an attempt was made to
fire it. The discitargeof pistol® continued in quick succes-
sion, and stones weie thrown by tne riotci- as thev le-
treated from the cannon, and not until then did the marines
fiic their tnu>kefs in the dueotion of then as?aihmts.
The Mayor did not give the oidcr to fire,nor did cither of
the officers, in command, aceoidma (o the testimony elicited;
and the marine5, may have m>«took for an order to that effect
the words " Why dun}t you lire ?"' the language utteied by
some person unknown to the witnesses in'ten orated 071 that
point. The mannes numbeied ninety or one hundiod;
they were nearly all rmrrpc, iat,s, and principally rfmcfican-
born citizens. 'After the fiist liie, in response to the pistol
shots, the mannes were oidered to discharge their guns in
the direction of the flushes of the pisioh. The fact is well
known that a numbei ot persons were killed and wounded
in consequence of the discharge of fire-aims on that occa-
sion.
It should be here stated that the cannon, from its posi- !
tion, would, if fired, have raked tlie polls and street; and
what the effect would have been may be conceived from ihe
fact that it was loaded with about half a pound of powder,
sixty or s-cventy rifle cartridges, (tied in a handkerchief,)
eight large stones, and several pounds of shot.
The marines were supplied each with twenty rounds of
ammunition; the caitndges containing, in addition to the
usual quantity of powder, a ball and three buckshot.
According to the testimony, it was not known, until a few
minutes previous to the marines being ordered out, that their
services v;ould he required, nor were any persons in the ranks
besides the enlisted men.
We lepeat, that the police force on that day was insuffi-
cient to preserve the peace ; and therefore it was deemed
necessary to apply to the Executive for a military force,
which was granted under the representation of circum-
stances to which we have already alluded. It should be
stated that the riot at the fii^t prccmet of the fourth ward
was more serious than elsewhere m Washington.
The same parties who there drove peaceable citizens from
the polls proceeded, at a later hour, and before the arrival of
the marines at the City Hall, to the neighborhood of the
south precinct of the second ward. Pistols were fired and
stones thrown, from which the police and citizens retreated.
Alarm and consternation were naturally produced by these
riotous proceedings. At the seventh waid polls there wa«t
an exhibition, in one respect, similar to that in the fourth
ward, namely, the preventing of persons of foreign birth,
but naturalized citi/;cns, from voting.
The grand jmy consider it unnecessary to present a longer
statement of facts. They have endeavored, as far as the
evidence and the nature of the oath administered to thein
permitted, to dischaige their duty impartially, and irrespect-
ive of whatever individual opinions may be expressed as to
the manner in winch they have performed it.
The privileges of the citizen are too dear to be infiinged
or desuoyed by a luffian force acting in disregard of all law,
and hence it becomes the duty of good citizens to indig-
nantly " frown down" any and every attempt to unjustly
mterfeie with constitutional lights, and to provide against
the lecuiience of such wrongs as those which were perpe-
nited on the first Monday of June last. Were such things
to he continued, self-government would exist only in theory,
and a reproach be east both upon the city winch bears the
name of Washington, and the institutions 1 cared by a patri-
otic ancestry lot holy puiposes and philanthiopic ends.
In view ot all the cncmn«tunces, we declare our opinion
that the police force, as at present organized, is not ade-
quate lor the put poses intended; and that the law which
created it should be amended, so as to enable the force to
be temporarily stiengthened as occasion mav demand.
GEORGE IV, RIGGS, Foreman.
Washington. July 17, 1857.
A word more, sir, in regard to the press which
the gentleman pronounces venal and corrupt. The
press of Washington, including the National In-
telligencer, the historical accuracy of whose state-
ments no one will gainsay, indorsed the action of
the Administration, and published to the coun-
try a justification of it, in calling out the marines.
1 appeal to the House if the truth of the state-
ments published by these papers, without respect
to party, and indorsed by the finding of the grand
jury, with ail the facts before them, can be over-
come by the mere denunciation of them by the
gentleman from Maryland ? I ask the Represent-
atives of the people how it is possible to preserve
order in this Federal city? How is it possible to
protcct citizens here on a day like that which oc-
curred at the fast election, when a gang of row-
dies from the neighboring cities came here, driv-
ing resident citizens from the polls, and not only
driving them from the polls, but shooting them
downf and that, too, when they are around the
ballot-boxes exercising a right conferred upon
them by the laws of their country?
Mi. DAVIS, of Maryland. Allow me to ask
the gentleman whether ho knows of anybody
bein^ killed at the fourth ward before the firing
by the marines commenced?
"Mr. BURNETT. I know that a resident of (he
city of Baltimore has been tried and found guilty,
for participating in a riot on that day.
Having disposed of the press, let me call the at-
tention of the committee to another fact. I tell
the gentleman that until he purges his own house-
hold; until he shall nave a better state of morals
in his own city; until murders and riots cease
there—I, for one, will not regard him as compe-
tent to advise me in regaid to these matters.
What did these rowdies do? They came here
and did what 1 have stated. They took posses-
sion of the cars on their way home, and iired at
cattle along the route. They committed every
kind of outrage, that they could in their situation.
But before they reached the city of Baltimore, the
cars stopped,and landed these rowdies, these as-
sassins—for that is their proper name—put these
assassins off the cars, that fiipy might not be ar-
rested when they should reach that city. And
now a rtcprescntative of such a constituency, a
gentleman who knows that these things existed,
comes here, the leader of a great reformation in
the city of Washington. Indeed, Mr. Chairman,
we have fallen upon strange times.
