mm
rm CONGRESSIONAL-■ GLOBE.
March 25-,
comes-with a bow as Iongasthatof the bold Robin
Hood, or with a bow of shorter range, like that of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Shorter.]
[Laughter.] Eat I deprecate the disposition that
impels these shafts against the sister States of this
Confederacy. I deprecate this sectional animosity
whenever and wherever I see it evinced". I have
heard too much of the aggressions of the North
and of the aggressions of the South in the past,
to be very imtch in love with either af these ideas.
I have never been accustomed to speak of the
aggressions of the stave power, and I have no pur-
pose of d'oing it now or hereafter. If thfe one hun-
dredth part of the people of this country can make
dangerous aggressions on the rights and interests
of the other ninety-nine hundredth parts of the
people, either by the force of strength or by the
arts of diplomacy, I assure you that I will be the
last man to complain of it. I think that this sla-
very question is altogether too small a question to
disturb so great a people as inhabit the United
States of America.
For myself, I was always in favor of popular
sovereignty, rightly so called. 1 am ready, for
one, to agree to-day that the Territories belonging
to this Government shall be open to settlement at
any time when Congress thinks fit so to open them;
and that the people of all parts of the country shall
go into them with the assurance of absolu'e and
complete non-intervention; with the assurance'that
whenever any chief Executive, official, or non-
resident, shall interfere, by fraud or violence, in
their alFairs, he shall either be impeached or
hanged; with the assurance that when the people
shall lmve the ratio of representation required by
law, and shall come to Congress w ith a constitution
republican in form, they shall be admitted into
the Union as a State. This, sir, is popular sov-
ereignty, and it is what was practiced m this
country two centuries ago.
The people of the Plymouth colony had the
privilege of choosing their own Governor, and of
making their own laws. The same was true of the
New Haven colony, and of the colony of the Prov-
idence Plantations. They always did it. I be-
lieve the Crown of England never appointed a
Governor for these colonies; r.citmnly not for the
last two. But were those people, without ever
having exercised the right of self-government,
better prepared to govern themselves than arc our
people, educated under our State governments,
who go into our Territories? Why, then, should
wc continue to have an44 Ahab to trouble Israel,"
while he lays the blame of his own misconduct
upon the emigrant aid societies? Why not cut
off these Territories from all connection with the
General Government, legislative or executive ?
Then wc shall have no more agitation in Congress,
and no more contention in the Territoues. Hut
so long as this connection continues, so Ions; as
we have a President trying to bias, by his ap-
pointments, and perhaps by the United States
troops, the will of the people, so long shall we
have agitation, and we shall have enough of it.
Well, sir, I have nothing to find fault about. I
am very well pleased with the present tendency of
events. But, sir, there are those who are dissatis-
fied, and who are inclined to invoke a certain
deity—1 think a false deity—which presides over
a portion of this Union; a deity which has been
invoked by groat men on great occasions, and by
little men on little occasions, for a long time past
—a deity in whose expected presence both the
people and the politicians have sometimes stood
aghast—"when he," in prospect only, "from
his horrid hair shook pestilence and war." This
sulphurous god is Disunion. This Capitol Hill
has been a veritable Mount Carmel for the last
quarter of a century, upon which experiments
have been tried with this bogus deity. One day
upon Mount Carmel was sufficient to determine
the destiny of Baal and his prophets. But here,
we, the most patient people in the world, wit-
ness theseinvocationsyear after year,with exem-
plary endurance, expecting that the great Is-to-be
will some time come. And you and I, Mr. Chair-
man, even during the present session of Con-
gress, have witnessed attempts to kindle here the
fires upon the altar of southern rights. But the
sacrifice, the altar, and the spectators, were as
cold as alabaster. The prophets only were warm;
but they were warm, notfrom the presence of the
god, but from his absence. He does not make his
appearance. The great Is-to-be doo:> not come.
He has either gone o.n a very long journey, or
else he is in a very deep sleep.
Well, sir, shall we5 have this deity of Disunion
invoked forever ? Who is to blame If the North
has given cause, what have we done? What
cause of disunion has ever proceeded from us?
Have you not had everything your own way?
Have we not let you have the Democratic party
to use as you please ? [Laughter.] Have you not
had the Government for a long time ? And have
we not let you use it just as you had a mind to?
We, sir, were busy about our comnrierce, extend-
ing it around the world; about our railroads; our
internal improvements; our colleges, and all those
things which interest our people. We knew that
you had a taste for governing, and that by the
indulgence you might be gratified without serious
injury to us. For many years you have had your
own way, but now you come here and cry out
"disunion." Why," what more can we do ?
Well, it may be that we have encouraged a mis-
take on your part. It may be that we have given
you some reason to suppose that this temporary
courtesy of governing, which wc have extended,
was a permanent right. However, if you have
fallen into that error, we will, perhaps, at some
future time disabuse and correct you. But what-
ever blame there is anywhere, whatever cause
there is for disunion, must attach to the action of
the slave power, commanding and controlling the
Democratic party, and to no one else in the coun-
try. And, therefore, at this time, I come with
exultation—not, to be sure, with malignant exul-
tation—to speak for a few moments upon the de-
cline and fall of slavery in this country—nay,
sir, further, upon the suicide of slavery in this
land. I will tell you how: by striking out from
beneath the institution the two most important
pillars of its support, the institution itself must
fall . And these two events have been accom-
plished,if not by its direct agency, at least by the
connivance of this samc'party, impelled by this
same controlling agency.
I will first show you how the moral power of
this institution has been destroyed, by what act,
and then I will show you how and by what act
its political power is forever doomed. But, sir,
how did an institution like this ever have a moial
power? is a question for us to examine. In the
Jirst place, we are told by southern men that we
have a nation of heathen in our land; and we
are told by the same authority that we have an
institution here for their regeneration. Now, sir,
if we have, from necessity, a nation of heathen
in our land, and ifslavery is an institution for their
regeneration, it is very clear that slavery has a
I moral power. But, says the gentleman from
i Georgia, [Mr. Gartrei.l:] " They are idle, dis-
! solute, improvident, lazy, unthrifty, who think
not of to-morrow, who provide but scantily for
to-day."
" Who would credit it, that m these years of benevolent
and Mieec-isful musion xiy effort, m Republic,
there aie over two millions of human hi'ins^ in the condition
of hctilhcn, cind in «ome in a wor^u condition?
From loug-contitmod an'd elo<e observation, we believe that
their moiul and loligious condition is Midi that they may
justly be regarded as the heathen of this Christian couti-
Dy."—Committee of Synod of South Carolina and Geor-
gut, in J833.
" Alter making all reasonable allowances, our colored
population car, be consideied, :it the best, but semi-hea-
ihens.'',—Kentucky Union's Circular to the Ministers of the
Gospel in Kentucky, 1834.
'•There seems to be almost an entire absence of moral
principle among the mass of our eolored population."—C.
(V. Gooch, J'ltg., Prize Essay on Jl ricu,lturc in Virginia.
'•ThfM-e needs no stronger illustiation of the doctrine of
depiavity than the state ot human nature on plantations in
geneial.'5 * * *■ Thciradvanee in years is but a pro-
gression to the higher grades of iniquity."—Hon. C. C.
; Pin-'.knexi, Jkblre>s before the South Carolina Agricultural
Society, Charleston, 1^29, second edition, j/ugci 10, 12.
The Maryville (Tennessee) Intelligencer, of
October 4, 3835, says of the slaves of the South-
I west, that their " condition through time will be
] second only to that of the wretched creatures in
Hell."
Here, then, is afield for great missionary labor;
and it is fortunate that under these circumstances
we happen to havean institution which is perfectly
adapted to the regeneration of a lost and ruined
race. I quote from the honorable member from
the State of Virginia, in a speech delivered here,
some time ago, in the House of Representatives:
I believe that the institution of slavery is a noble one ;
that it is neces&aiy toi the good, the well-being of the negro
race. Looking to hibtoiy, I go lurihor, and I say, m the
presence of this assembly, and under all the imposing cir-
cumstances surrounding me, that I believe it is God's in-
stitution. Yes, sir, if there is anything in the action of the
great Author of us ail; if there is anything in the conduct
of His chosen people j if there is anything in the conduct
of Christ"himself,-who came upon tiiis earth, and yielded up
His life as a sacrifice, that all through His death might live;
if there is anything m the conduct of His Apostles, who
ineulcatcd obedicncc on the part of slaves towards their
masters as a Christian duty, then we must believe that the
institution is from God."—Hon, William Smith, of Vir-
ginia, in a speech in the House of Representatives.
Again I quote from'the speech of the honorable
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gartrell,] in
regard to this same sentiment:
"Every sentiment expressed in that eloquent extract
meets my hearty approbation. AsaChristian man, believing
in the teachings of Holy Writ, I ain here to-day before a
Christian nation to reaffirm arid'reannounce the conclusion
to which that distinguished gentleman came—that this in-
stitution, however mucli it may have been reviled, is of
God."
Mr. Chairman, these are not the only author-
ities -on this subject. You and I have heard from
the other side, day after day, quotations from the
Bible, intending to prove the same tiling; and you
and I know that there arc honest men in the slave
States who believe that this is the fact. I have
seen such men myself, and have conversed with
them. They have told mc that slavery was an
absolute curse; and that the only reason why they
held their slaves a day was that they owed them
certain religious duties, and must keep them to
look after their spiritual welfare. They feared
that if their slaves were cast loose upon the world,
with nobody to look after their spiritual interests,
they would be spiritually lost. I heard this from
a gentleman from Kentucky, and again from a
gentleman from Augusta, Georgia, and I believe
in my heart that both of these gentlemen were
honest in these views.
I am not here to impugn any man's motives.
I put this upon the ground that is claimed by
southern men; and when I listened to the gentle-
men on the other side reading honestly from the
sacred volume in defense of this institution, as
coming from God, and as a means for the regen-
eration of a heathen race in our land, I felt"im-
pelled to use the language of the Apostle to the
Gentiles, which he employed on Mars Hill:
" Oh ! Athenians, I perceive that in all things ye
are exceedingly given to religion." [Laughter.]
Now, sir, since this institution has done all it ever
can in this capacity, and since it is now destroyed
as a converting and regenerating power, I stand
here to give it its proper place in ecclesiastical
history, for its right place it has never yet had.
In order to understand what position it is en-
titled to, we must, to some extent, speak by com-
parison, because we cannot speak absolutely on
these matters of religion. The religious journals
of the fiec States have oftentimes most unreason-
ably exulted over their religious efforts, when
they contrasted them with the efforts of their
southern brethren. I have seen placed in parallel
columns, in northern journals, the contributions
of the free States and the contributions of the slave
States ;and there were mighty words of exultation,
unbecoming a Christian journal or Christian peo-
ple at any time, when it was shown that our con-
tributions for foreign missions were a hundred-
fold more than yours. It is true we make more
contributions. The city of Boston gives, for for-
eign missions, perhaps more than all the slave
States; and the city of New York, perhaps more
than Boston. But what of that ? We give a few
cents apiece, and only a few cents, for foreign
missions each year, which amounts to a great
sum, because we are a great people. We send
men to heathen nations far over the water, to tell
them about their future destiny. We are careful
not to send our best men; we keep our Notts and
Waylands, and our Beechers and Cheevers, at
home; but sometimes a Judson escapes from us
before we know what he is. This is about the
extent we submit to self-sacrifice for the sake of
the heathen.
Is there any cause for exultation in this, when
we see what our southern brethren have done and
are doing ? When have we ever taken the heathen
to our hearth-stones and to our bosoms? When
have we ever admitted the heathen to social com-
munion with ourselves and our children ? When
have we ever taken the heathen to our large cities
to show them the works of art, or to the watering
places to show them fashionable society and beau-
tiful scenery? Did you ever sec a Yankee at the
