254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
of no new consideration that has been offered. I
should like to hear some reason given to the Sen-
ate for changing the decision to which they carae
yesterday.
Mr. M ASON. The Senator is doubtless aware
that at one o 'clock there is a special order in ex-
ecutive session. I have no desire to trespass on
that order. If the vote is reconsidered, then the
reasons for the reconsideration I think will more
properly be before the Senate. When the ques-
tion is again on adopting the amendment, I shall
be prepared to give my reasons; but 1 will not
now detain the Senate with them.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the motion to re-
consider the vote on the amendment, to be a test
vote, and this is the time to give the reasons.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to the Senator from
Virginia, whether a proposition to reconsider is
not rather an opportunity to give the reasons why
the vote should be changed. We ask an oppor-
tunity to give the reasons why the decision of the
Senate on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Virginia should be reversed. J do not un-
derstand that this is a tost question. I think there
are reasons to be given, and I hope the opportu-
nity will be afforded to the Senate to hear them.
If it be desirable to go into the discussion now, I
am ready, though I think it proper, if the Senate
choose to give us the opportunity, that it should
first be done by deciding that they will reconsider
the question.
Mr. STUART. It is verjr obvious that this
question cannot be disposed of to-day. The mo-
tion to reconsider being entered, of course stands,
and will come up at a future day. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order
in executive session, and I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to make a suggestion in connection with this mo-
tion. On reflection, he supposes it will be proper
first to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was ordered to be engrossed and read the
third time, so as to get back to the point of recon-
sidering the amendment.
• Mr. MASON. I make that motion—torecon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
ordered to be engrossed.
The motion was agreed to. *
Mr. MASON. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the further
consideration of that motion until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdat, January 12, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Buti.hr.
I'lie Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST OFFICE AT HARRIS BURG.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I was not
present the other day when the States were called
for resolutions, and may not be present when they
are called again. I have a resolution of a local
character, and desire to introduce it for reference
only.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Let it be read for
information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po=t Office and I'ost
Itoad^ be inducted to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing a pos?t otiice at ilainsbuig, Pennsylvania.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of committees for reports.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE.
Mr. CLINGA1AN. I ask the unanimous con-
sentof the House to have The message of the Pres-
ident in reply to the resolution which we adopted
last week, laid before the House. My object is to
move the reference and printing of the message
and accompanying papers, and to move the pre-
vious question without any debate. I think they
ought to get before the country, and J hope there
will be no objection.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United
States, transmitting to the House of Representa-
tives a report of the Secretary of State, of the
Secretary of the Treasury, of the Secretary of
the Navy, and of the Attorney Genera], with the
accompanying documents, containing the inform-
ation called for by the resolution of the House of
the 4th instant, concerning the late seizure of Gen-
eral William Walker and his followers in Nicar-
agua, &c.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the following reso-
lution in reference to those papers:
Resolved, That tlie President's message and accompany-
ing documents be printed and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, except so much thereof us relates to the
conduct of Commodore Paulding, and other officers of the
Navy, having reference to the Navy Department, and con-
cerning the construction and obedience of tiie order of the
said Department by the said officers, which is referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
My object is to meet the views of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; and I under-
stand that the resolution in this shape is satisfac-
tory to him. It refers the message generally to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, in which the matter
originated; but that part of the metssage which is
specified in the resolution is referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I move the previous
question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man from North Carolina will withdraw that por-
tion of the resolution which refers any portion of
that communication to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It strikes me that it is all germane to
one subject, and that the report thereon should
come from one committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question, for the purpose of say-
ing, that as far as the conduct of Commodore
Paulding is concerned in obeying the regulations
of the Navy Department, and having obeyed
them, I think the Naval Committee should take
charge of it; and as the members of that commit-
tee desire it, I hope it will take that reference.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I beg leave to say
to the gentleman from North Carolina that I owe
it to the House, a resolution having been adopted
to terminate debate on the President's annual mes-
sage on Thursday next, at one o'clock, to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I yielded to my friend with the dis-
tinct understanding that he was to demand the
previous question. If we open this matter to de-
bate now, and get into debate upon Commodore
Paulding and Nicaragua, it will consume the whole
day.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire the consent of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to say a word in
explanation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yield to the gentleman,
if I can do so without losing my right to move the
previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to say, in reply to a
remark made by the gentleman, that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs took this subject into con-
sideration, and were under the impression that
the conduct of Commodore Paulding, and thatof
other officers of the Navy, is such, and their re-
lations to the Navy Department are such, that the
question, whether they obeyed orders, should be
examined by a committee cognizant of naval af-
fairs, and prepared to examine it in that point of
view. They therefore instructed me—it was not
a matter of my own motion—as chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to make a motion to
the House to refer so much &f this message and
the accompanying documents as refers to Nic-
aragua and other foreign countries, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; and that so much thereof
as relates to Commodore Paulding and other offi-
cers of the Navy, and their relations to the Navy
Department, and the question of their obedience
to instructions, to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. But, as the gentleman from North Carolina
has kindly consented to make the motion himself,
I have discharged the duty imposed upon me by
the Committee on Naval Affairs in making this
statement, and, therefore, I yield to the motion
made by the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I made the motion with
the distinct purpose of giving gentlemen a full
opportunity to express their views upon a report
made upon the subject. At the present time, I
think discussion premature, and therefore demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSTITUTION OF MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States :
I have received from Samuel Medary, Governor of the
Territory of Minnesota, a copy of the constitution of Min-
nesota, together with an abstract of the votes polled for anA
against said constitution, at the election held in that Terri
tory on the second Tuesday in October last, certified by the
Governor in due form, which f now lay before Congress in
the manner prescribed by thatinstrument. Having received
but a single copy of the constitution, I transmit it to the Sen-
ate. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to have
that communication read again. I wish to learn
whether there is any reference made in it in regard
to the census of the Territory—and for this rea-
son: It will be recollected by the House that by
the enabling act it was provided that Minnesota
should have one Representative, and others in pro-
portion to her population, as it should be shown
by the census. The constitution provides that
there shall be elected three members of Congress;
and I understand that three members of Congress
have been elected. Now, sir, I desire to know
—and that is the reason why I ask for the reading
of the communication, not having paid particular
attention to it when it was being read—if there is
anything said in the letter in regard to the census,
so that this House may know how many mem-
bers that State will be entitled to on its admission.
The communication of the President was again
read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
communication be referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication from the President of
the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State in answer
to a resolution of the House of Xlepresentatives of the 4th
mutant, requiring to be informed if any complaint had been
made against our Government by the Government of Nic-
auujiia, on account of the ipeent arrest of William Walker
and his followers by Captain Pauldin? within the territory
of that Republic. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, January 7, 1858.
The report from the Secretary of State was read,
as follows:
To the President of the United States:
The Secretary <>f State, to whom was referred the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, of the 4th instant,
miuiiing the President to inform that House, if not incom-
patible with the pubhc interest, whether the Government
of Nicaragua has made any complaint against our Govern-
ment on account of the act of Captain Paulding, in arrest-
ing William Walker and his followers within the territory
of Nicaragua, ha<? the honor to report that no such complaint
has leached this Department.
Respectfully submitted, LEWIS CASS.
Department of State, Washington, January 7,1858.
On motion of Mr. CLINGMAN, the commu-
nication and accompanying report were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
MISCELLANEOUS CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a statement of the expenditures
of the moneys appropriated for the discharge of
miscellaneous claims, not otherwise provided for,
and paid at the Treasury, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1857; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Clerk of the House of
RepreseDtativeas containing the annual statement
