302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Nationality of the Democratic Party—Mr. Ward.
Ho. op Reps.
sions, and even Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton, presidential pets, are guillotined for de-
clining to indorse the frauds.
A last farce in the Territory is enacted in the
election, under this pretended constitution, of
State officers, by an apportionment based upon the
fraudulent and spurious votes of non-residents in
the Territory. And even this farce cannot be
played out without forgery and perjury—one
thousand four hundred votes being certified as
fiven in two precincts, more than there are resi-
ents there; and, finally, the denouement of the
whole is dug from beneath a wood-pile, and now
forms the last plank in the platform of the present
Democratic party, every man of whom must in-
dorse all this unblushing wickedness and usurp-
ation before he can vote for the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution.
And this complication of wrong and outrage,
perpetrated under the protection of Federal bay-
onets, is called legal! and gentlemen here, who
would scorn to do a private wrong, call this re-
sult of infamy a legal government! God forbid.
Call it anything but legal. It is revolutionary,
tyrannous, despotic, forcible, fraudulent; any-
thing but legal. What! a paper stating that five
hundred and forty-two votes were given, when
forty-two were cast, a legal paper ! or a forgery
and fraud? Do not desecrate the law by subsi-
dizing even its forms to such mocking rascality;
on this principle a counterfeit note is legal.
how the president desires to live in the
affections of the people.
"Why is this constitution pressed with such ve-
hement importunity ? The more emphatically the
people condemn it, the more fierce is the Execu-
tive persistency. The most unblushing frauds
upon the ballot-boxes are detected and exposed,
yet their shameless perpetrators lose none of their
influence or regard. Governors and Secretaries
who yield to the popular will are promptly re-
buked and decapitated.
The military power is retained in Kansas, for
the avowed purpose of keeping down the people,
and compelling submission to a government they
abhor. And yet the President says he lias " no
other object of earthly ambition than to leave his
country in a prosperous and peaceful condition,
and to live in the affections and respect of his comi-
trymen." Live in the affections and respect of
the American people—when the popular will is
trampled on or disregarded, and legal quibblers
resorted to for the purpose of reconciling them to
a despotism until they can shake it off! Live in
the affcctionsof the American people—when every
western breeze comes laden with the cry of exec-
utive oppression, which, if perpetrated by a King
of Great Britain, would cost him his crown and
his head! Sir, I wish the Executive would re-
member that no man can hvethere who plants the
footof power on the neck of fieedom, who throws
the sword into the scale in the contests of the bal-
lot-box, and brings all the machinery of govern-
mental influence to bear upon subjecting an un-
willing people to the despotism of his will.
What has any portion of our country to gain
by such tyranny ? Will it satisfy the North > The
throb of the great northern heart is that of sad-
ness and indignation; the recent defenders of the
President there are silent, and those who do not
eat his bread are dumb. Will it satisfy the East?
The stamp act and tea tax of a foreign ministry
were a feather in the scale, beside the grinding
and insulting oppression of this measure. They
fought, and we fought with them, for a principle;
but here a principle has ripened into a crushing
fact; they fought for that principle with the stand-
ing army of a mighty empire encamped at their
doors. Is the East less patriotic now, and will
she trample on a foreign foe and bow tamely to a
domestic tyrant? Will it satisfy the South ? No,
sir! I think I know something about southern
sentiment ar.d southern honor. The history of
our country blazes with the record of heroic
achievements, patriotic loyalty, and devotion to
our national flag, which her sons have exhibited
on every battle-field and in every council hall,
from the day when Morgan's riflemen followed
the daring Arnold through a northwestern wit
derness to Q,uebec, through all the strife and suf-
ferings of the revolutionary era to this hour. How
herchivalric spirit responds to what is upright and
true; how danger has been defied, peril encoun-
tered , and sacrifices welcomed, if they contributed
to the strength and glory of our common country.
I remember her Washington and Jefferson and
Madison, her Sumter and Pinckneyand Marion,
their deeds of renown—our common heritage;
their fame—national and immortal; the voices of
her Clay and Preston, yet resounding through
the arches of these Halls, and never raised but to
testify their devotion to the institutions they hon-
ored and the country they loved. Sir, the great
southern heart, fervid and valorous as it is, will
scorn to do a wrong. No temporary exaspera-
tion will satisfy its calm conscience, when mem-
ory holds up the record of an evil deed. To a
generous heart, the sting of a wrong inflicted is
keener than of a wrong endured. Will it satisfy
the West, those young and growing empires, just
emerged from territorial pupilage, and already
mightier than most of the old thirteen States?
Will they approve of a policy to which they
would have scorned submission, and stand tamely
by, while the footof Federal oppression is planted
on the neck of a friend and brother? Will it sat-
isfy anything but a dogged fanaticism of purpose,
formed against the dictates of sound reason, and
persisted in, in defiance of the remonstrances of
nine tenths of the nation?
Would that the President and his counselors
would remember that the path of empire is glo-
rious only when illumined by the luster of virtue
and justice. The efforts of nations, age after age,
to settle upon permanent foundations, have failed
—signally and uniformly failed—because power
was not wielded by principle; because public am-
bition was venal and selfish;because the hand that
swayed the sceptcr, and the tongue that ruled the
will, were pledged and prostituted to craft and
crime; and so man could not attain happiness be-
cause ho was not free; and he was not free because
the wielders of governmental power brought its
whole enginery of intimidation and corruption to
bear so heavily upon his personal, social, and po-
litical being, that not only the desire, but the ca-
pacity to use and enjoy liberty was crushed out
of him. It was only a few heroic hearts here and
there that, like solitary altars, sent up the flame
unquenched and unquenchable. Asiatic Govern-
ments, in all their phases, never presented the true
idea—they weie unmixed despotisms. The Greek
and Roman illustrated it in caricature and distor-
tion, but it grow in England under a free Bible and
a free press. It flickered here and there under the
throne of the first Charles, until it broke forth in
wide display in the trumpet tones of Ilampden,
Russell, and Sidney; in the lofty strains of Mil-
ton, ringing like a superb anthem of " hallelujahs
and harping symphonies;" in the iron tramp of
Cromwell's legions, and in the solemn utterances
of Puritanic prayer; and on the breath of that
prayer it was wafted in the Mayflower across the
Atlantic.
Look into the rotunda of this Capitol, and see
Robinson, Bradfoid, and Miles Standish, and
those pioneers of liberty on their knees, before
they embark. But even here in the howling wil-
derness, the hand of oppression lay heavy upon
them; and as colony after colony grew up, the
stern patience, the heroic fortitude, the overcom-
ing faith, that battled with a savage foe and con-
quered him, that struggled with a sterile soil and
subdued it—these virtues, so giand and so enno-
bling, were rewarded by imposition, tyranny, and
wrong, until patience became criminal, and acqui-
escence a deadlier evil than revolt.
The declaration of our independence followed
—not a mass of "glittering generalities," com-
posed and finished up for school-boy declamation
and rhetorical effect, but every letter and line of
which was burned into the souls of those who
composed it. Sir, it was not only an announcement
of eternal principles, founded in the nature of man,
on his equality, on his intelligence, 011 his respon-
sibility, but it was an indignant protest against the
galling fetters he was determined no more to wear,
and the blighting humiliations to which he had
resolved never again to submit. Every word leaped
forth from the living experience of men freeborn,
who felt that humanity owned a common brother-
hood and merited a kindred destiny; and now, sir,
through all the experience of former years, since
that great declaration of human rights has been
given to the world, since it was even sanctioned
and acknowledged to some extent by the ancient
nations whose sway it had broken, and whose
policy it had frustrated and rebuked it has gone
forth over this continent, building up and anima-
ting State after State, molding their institutions,
dictating their laws and shaping their interests,
giving them harmony, stability, and strength, until
all at once we are brought to a stand, and here in
this Capitol which it has built and adorned; here,
011 this high altar, consecrated to freedom, we find
men who disclaim its holy evangel, and believe
they have succeeded in turning against it some of
the grandest institutions reared to illustrate its
spirit and extend its blessings.
Would to God that the spirit of patriotism and
self-sacrifice which animated the men that framed
it would come back to her forsaken altars! Would
to God that, forgetting all differences, and bury-
ing all discords, we could deliberate on every sub-
ject in a spirit such as pervaded the nation when
State after State wheeled into rank under the ban-
ner of the Constitution, and strove which should
be foremost in every noble and patriotic achieve-
ment; that, rising above all party lines and party
ties, we could open our eyes wide enough to see
what a sublime destiny lies in the future, if we
remain true to the principles on which the pillars
of our national greatness and renown repose; and
blessed as we are with a heritage such as no living
generation beside possesses—our broad domain
washed by two oceans, our steamers plying in
every zone, and our canvas whitening every sea,
our valleys smiling with abundance, and our cities
glittering with the trophies of industry and art—
let us beware how we imperil it all in the mere
lust of party power, perchance to be wielded only
amidst the desolations of civil war!
NATIONALITY OP THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY,
AND ITS IMPORTANCE TO THE ONION.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH WARD,
OP NEW YORK,
In tiie House of Representatives,
March 31, 1858.
Tiie House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union—
Mr. WARD said:
Mr. Chairman: The subject of admitting Kan-
sas as a State under the Lecompton constitution
has been so fully and ably discussed by the dis-
tinguished members of this honorable body that
no new view can be presented of the immediate
points in issue. It has occupied the attention of
Congress until, lam sure, the whole country must
be wearied of the discussion. It is a matter of deep
regret that so large a portion of the time of this
Congress has been thus absorbed. The nation
has just passed tlnough one of those periodical
financial revulsions which occur from the inflated
issue of bank paper, overtrading and speculation,
leaving thousands in hopeless bankruptcy—all
branches of industry arrested and commerce par-
alyzed; and yet nearly four months of the session
gone and not one effort made, one word of hope
or consolation uttered, or any measure of relief
brought forward m Congress that exhibits an in-
terest, or sympathy even, with those upon whom
calamity has fallen so heavily. A sectional and
political excitement has been engendered, which,
while it may not precipitate a dissolution of the
Union, weakens that bond of fraternal intercourse
which should always exist between different sec-
tions of our common country. My position was
early taken from a deep conviction of duty to the
nation and my party; my constituents have left
me free to take such a course as my judgment
dictated; and whether it meets with their appro-
bation or not, I know they will accord to me an
honesty of intention and a rectitude of purpose.
While my own immediate constituents have con-
fided in my judgment, I have not been unmindful
that the united Democracy of the city of New
York, of which my district is a part, and the local
organizations, have cordially approved of the ac-
tion of their Representatives that sustain the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton constitu-
tion; that the Democratic press, the Democratic
