•1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m§
adopted in public meeting by the party which
elected me to a former Congress, declaring that
that party is not in any way responsible ftr those
riots; that they did not originate with the American
party; that the members of that party in Louisville
had no design to enter upon any such movement;
that the riots were begun by foreigners who were
excited, and incited, probably by others, in-
fluenced by malice or other improper motive. The
American party of Louisville, in view of what had
occurred, frankly declared their purpose to be pre-
pared in future to meet whatever might occur;
and, disclaiming all responsibility for the past,
stated, with the boldness of men who understand
their rights, that they will be always ready to
protect them, and with whatever emphasis may
be required by the circumstances under which
they may be invaded.
I was not in Louisville when the riotoccurred.
I was there two or three days before, and I state
here, upon my verity as a gentleman, that so far
as I know or ever heard—and 1 was in the coun-
cils of the- American party; I was in close con-
nection and communion with the leaders and work-
ing men of that party at the time engaged in my
canvass—there was neither preparation for, nor
contemplation of, a riot, up to the time when I left
Louisville. I was called away from the city on
Thursday prior to the election by the illness of a
member of my family, and did not return until a
week after the election had transpired. I there-
fore speak of those riots from the testimony which
was elicited at the time, though a great deal was
given which was conflicting and contradictory.
I understand that there were on that day two
distinct riots in the city of Louisville. One ori-
ginated in the upper part of the city, among the
Germans; another occurred two miles off, in the
lower part of the city, among the Irish. I un-
derstand that, in both instances, the firing com-
menced upon the part of the foreigners. In the
upper part of the city thenots commenced among
somedrunken Germans, who fired from the upper
story of a brewery upon a couple of peaceful cit-
izens who were riding along through the streets
in their buggy, and were, in fact, going to the
country. The police interfered, and were resisted,
and the fight between the police and the Germans
soon involved others. This occurred early in the
afternoon of the day of the election, and was not
in the neighborhood of the polls where the elec-
tion was taking place.
The riot in the lower part of the city originated
from the fact that several peaceful American cit-
izens were fired on from upper windows as they
walked along the streets. After some four or five
had been shot down in their tracks, resistance was
made, and the mob was gathered. In the scene
that followed much violence was perpetrated; but
we must remember that great provocation had
been given, and hot blood was already roused to
madness. Of Air. GUiinn, whose fate has so
started the sympathies of my colleague, I know
nothing. I do not remember that I ever saw him
or heard of him. He was the owner or superin-
tendent of a row of houses from which some of
the firing had taken place, and in which it was
reported that a magazine of arms was prepared,
and had been arranged prior to the election, and
Irishmen were in those houses, apparently ready
for the fray. This, as I understand, was the
proximate cause of the attack on his property.
In the couise of the developments which fol-
lowed, it was proved, beyond doubt, that some
Irish Catholic gills, who were in service at the
residences of gentlemen in the city, invoked their
mistresses to dissuade their husbands fiom going
abroad into the city on the morning of election
day, intimating that scenes were about to occur,_
or would occur, whose details involved a tale ot
horror they were not at liberty to mention or to
enter upon. This testimony, from such a source, ;
is persuasive, if not conclusive, as to the party ;
by whose intent, and by whose acts the riot origin- 1
uted, which ended in those scenes we all lament. I
It was proved further that Irishmen were cleaning j
their fire-arms, and preparing them, by repairs and i
otherwise, for action, for some days prior to the '
election day, and that an unusual quantity of j
pistols, revolvers, and guns, had been purchased
from the shops by this class of people. A band ]
of Irishmen, it was said, and if I remember aright .
it was proved, had come from other places to be
present at Louisville at that election, to control I
our free-born Americans by violence, and to brow-
beat them and force them from the polls.
These men were supposed to be those found in
tho second story of the houses in Q,uinn's row,
and many of them actually fled thence after the
riot commenced at that point. It is said women
and children were there, and that women fell in
the shooting that took place. I know not whether
this be the truth or not, for there was a great va-
riety and contrariety of testimony taken in rela-
tion to the scenes which occurred; but if any
female was shot, it was under the circumstances
I have described—in that house where a mag-
azine of arms was concealed for purposes of vio-
lence, and when a mob had been excited by the '
fact of peaceable Americans having been ruth-
lessly fired upon from thence and shot down m j
the streets. It was deemed unsafe to fight with ]
the adversary concealed in the second story of j
these houses, and they were set on fire .by the riot-
ers. I understand that during the conflagration
these arms exploded oy bundles and by platoons,
where they had been placed beforehand with the
cold-blooded purpose of human destruction. Mr.
Glumn, as I understand, dressed as a woman, un-
dertook to escape, but was recognized and shot
down. He was the owner of the buildings, and
was held responsible for all the preparation made
for the wholesale murder of our people on that
occasion.
It is with no satisfaction I dwell on these facts.
I lament the occurrence as much as any one can',
and hope never to see anything like it again; but,
sir, if such things must transpire, and are to be
superinduced by combinations of foreigners in
our midst, bent on rule orruin, the responsibility
for the consequences should rest where they prop-
erly belong, and they should bo examined and
commented on cautiously and m a spirit of impar-
tiality. I know well how easy it is for a gentle-
man m making a speech, like my colleague has
done on this occasion, to say that he does not
pretend to throw upon one party or the other the
onus of these lamentable transactions, for lamen-
table they are; but when he draws the deduction
that all these things must occur so long as there
shall exist a party bound together by "horrid
oaths," and whose mam work is " political and
social proscription," there can be no difficulty in
detecting the impression he seeks to produce.
In reply to this argument, then, against Ameri-
canism, I deny that there is now, or that theie
ever has been, anything like political proscription
at any time in Americanism, pioperly understood.
From what did that party originate ? Primarily,
from the organized combination of foreigners
which had shed American blood in the city of
Philadelphia; secondarily,from the course of your
Democratic Administration here appointing for-
eigners to office, m order to pander to the foreign
influence. Those points induced the first idea of
Americanism among the native-born. In the great
centers of population, the foreign races had ap-
proached an equality of numbers with the native
citizens; actually, in some places, they had gained
a superiority; and with this predominance they
made combinations for political purposes,and the
acquisition of political control. It was then time
for Americanism to begin, and I only now fear it
began too late.
When a congress of foreigners assembled at
Philadelphia, and published a platform of politi-
cal principles and the ramifications of their plan
throughout the United States—reaching to Louis-
ville, to Richmond, to Philadelphia and to St.
Louis—proved by its identity everywhere, that
the whole series sprang from one source; when
this effort of foreign combination palpably struck
at the very organism of the Government, and
proposed to modify our system so as to assimilate
it to the crude experiments of European republi-
canism, without a knowledge of the political phi-
losophy upon which our fathers founded the rich
legacy they bequeathed to us in our Constitution;
and above all, when foreign influence had reached a
point at which American Administrations deemed
it wise or expedient to combine with it to main-
tain or acquire political power in this country, the
time had arrived, if there was patriotism in the
American bosom, for united action among our-
selves to secure our household gods.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. MARSHALL, ofKentucky. I will.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire t® inquire whether it
was not a part of the platform of the American
party to disfranchise foreign-born citizens from
the right to hold office, and to deprive those citi-
zens of the Catholic faith from the exercise of the
same right? And I desire to say, in this connec-
tion, that when the American party, as a party, is
held resposible for the scenes which have occurred
in Louisville, Baltimore, and Now Orleans, the
charge is not made that gentlemen of character
and standing in that party have conspired to pro-
duce or to incite these riots, or that they have
taken a personal part in them. The charge is,
that the initiation and advocacy of such ideas and
such measures directly tend to produce these con-
flicts and scenes which have disgraced the coun-
try.
Mr. MARSHALL, ofKentucky. My friend
from New York does no more, he will observe,
than restate my colleague's proposition. It may
be in a little more concise language, but it was
exactly to that I was replying. We understand
that we are not charged, personally, with any of
these lamentable occurrences. We know that
gentlemen are aware that neither the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] nor the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Eustis,] nor myself, was
present at or instigated the riots to which refer-
ence has been made. But it is said that these
things flow from our political philosophy.
I was just attempting to show that the combina-
tion formed by Americans was a combination of
resistance to aggressions upon our rights and our
Constitution by improper foreign combinations,
or combinations of crude foreign political philos-
ophers. When we found that persons in this
country, who had acquired, under our laws, tho
status of adopted fellow-citizens, had neither for-
gotten their foreign association nor the political
philosophy which prevailed in their fatherland,
yet wlw evinced a determination to apply these
predilections to our own system, then the Amer-
ican bosom burned with a desire to unite, under
our own flag, and under our own philosophy, and
to maintain them intact in our midst. We saw
hordes of foreigners coming upon us at the rate
of four hundred thousand a year, bringing with
them all their various nationalities, and indicating
aiI the partialities that were natural enough intheir
fatherland. We regarded this as our land, and we
could not fail to see it was likely to become the
camping ground of the nations. We determined
that here we would display the banner of our own
country, and that we would gather around it; we
said to each other it was time to stand by the doc-
trines of the American Republic as they had been
given to us by the sages of the constitutional era. This,
sir, was the honest and patriotic desire in which
Americanism originated in this country. It had
no other source.
But, it is said, we persecute a man on account
of his place of birth. I deny that there ever was
in the tenets of my party any proscription of men
on account of the place of their biith. I deny
that any combination, which shall be made by
American citizens to maintain one class of per-
sons for political office in preference to another
class, can e\er, ill any proper sense of the term,
be called proscription. Gentleman upon that side
of the House tell me that they would never vote
forme. Why? Because I am anSmenean. They
would require me to subscribe to all the chameleon
changes of the Democratic faith before I could
command their suffrages. I said that I should
prefet native-born to naturalized citizens wheiever
the two were up for office, under the then existing
state of things. My pledge was made to the native-
born in view of the fact that those very adopted
citizcns had combined among themselves to force
upon my country the dogmas of a foreign school
of politics. Have I not the same political right to
combine with my fell o w-citizens to resist them, that
the Democrat has to resist the accession to power,
j in this country, of Whigs or Americans or Repub-
| licans? The argument is the same in both cases;
! and itis butmy political rightof preference between
individuals or classes that I have agreed to exer-
: cise in behalf of the native, and then only as a pref-
! erence, and not to a degree which seeks abso-
' Intely to ostracise any one.
Again, it is argued that Americanism proscribes
a man on account of his religion, and that Amer-
icans are sworn not to vote for a man for office if
he is a Roman Catholic. My reply is this: the
great cardinal principle which is, in this regard,
