1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*841
White Sulphur Springs shedding a benign reli-
gious influence o vera lutie congregation of neathen
companions? [Laughter.] Wehavepiouswomen
in the northern Slates, whose bright example has
made attractive the paths of virtue and religion.
Conspicuous among them, in every good work,
are the wives of our ministers and deacons; but
not one of these, within the range of my acquaint-
ance, would consider herselfqualified, either by na-
ture or by grace, to be chambermaid, dry-nurse,
and spiritual adviser, to ten or twenty heathen
in her own'family. But, sir, had these worthy
dames been noble dames; had they come down to
us fiom the blood of Norman kings, through the
bounding pulses of sundry cavaliers, and then hod
been willing to assume these humble offices of
Christian chanty, we would have believed the
time, so often piayed for, had already come, when
kings should be fathers and queens nursing moth-
ers in the church. Where, then, is the ground
for this exultation on the part of the North? I
tell you that it cannot be prompted by anything
but a rotund, bulbous self-righteousness. So
much, then, for the social sacrifices of our south-
ern brethren. What other sacrifices have they
made to regenerate this race? Great moral and
intellectual sacrifices. I will read what southern
men say on this subject:
Judge Tucker, of Virginia, said in 1S03:
" I say nothing of the baneful effects of slavery 011 our
moial eharacte:, because you know I luvo long^boen sen-
sible of tins point."
The Presbyterian Synod of South Carolina and
Georgia said, in their report of 1834:
'• Tlio-.e only who have the management of these ser-
vants know what tlitj hardening eliuct of u 10 upon their
own feenngs towards them.*'
Judge Summers, of Virginia, said in a speech
in 183:2, in almost the same words:
u A slave population produces the most pernicious efF cts
upon the manners, habits, and chaiacter of those among
whom it exi.-t-i."
Judge Nichols, of Kentucky, in a speech in
1837, said:
" The deliberate convictions of my most matured con-
sideiation arc, that the uu-tiumori ol slavery is .1 most t-Q
rious injury to the habits, manner*, and morals- o! om white
population ; that it leads to sloth, indolence, dissipation, and
vice."
So said Jefferson:
<f The man mint be a prodigy who can retain his manners
and morals uneontcuniiiated'" [in the nndsloi slaveiy.j
John Randolph, on the floor of Congiess, said:
" Wheie are the trophies of this mfimal ttaflic? The
handcuff, the manacle, the bloodstained emvinde ! What
man is worse received m society for bring a hard master?
Who denies the hand of sistei or daughter to such mon-
sters
I might quote a hundred other southern author-
ities of the same kind showing the baneful elFect
of this institution upon the moral and intellectual
character of the South. I might also quote from
the United States census. I have the papers here,
but time will not allow.
Now, in addition to these moral and intellect-
ual sacrifices which our southern brethren admit,
there are pecuniary sacrifices which you know to
be very great; indeed, had Virginia been free fifty
years ago, had she been exempt from this great
tendency to Christianize the African race, she
would have been worth more this day than are all
the A tlantic States south of New Jersey. And
should she by any chance become free, you will
see her wealth and her population increase in pro-
portion as this missionary spirit is diminished.
[Laughter.] ft is true, our southern brethren,
impressed with this great idea of Christianizing
the African race, having for their only ambition
to present the souls of their negroes, without spot
or blemish, before the throne of the Eternal, have
sacrificed almost everything. I could quote from
southern men upon this subject. The sagacious
statesman who governs the Old Dominion, in a
speech two years ago, said:
u Tut in all tbefout cardinal resources—wonderful to tell,
disagreeable to tell, shameful to announce—but one source
of all four, m tim« past, has been employed co produce
wealth. We have had no wmk m manut.ictiii mg, und com-
merce Win spread its wings and flown from u.-,and agricul-
tme has onlysKimmed the surlaceoi mother earth. Three
out ol the foui emdmat virtues have been idle; our young
m >11, over their eiirars and toddy, have been talking politics,
and the negroes hav<- been loftto themselves, urn J we have
all grown poor together"'
But trials, and tribulations, and poverty, have
c^er beset the pathway of the saints. In the ear-
liest days, they <l wandered about in sheep-skins
and goat-skins, persecuted, afflicted, tormented."
Even now, in the nineteenth century, the con-
dition of our southern brethren is not much im-
proved, since they are compelled " to chase the
stump-tailed steer over sedge patches which out-
shine the sun, to get a tough steak," and to listen
to the perpetual cry of "debts ! debts!" " taxes !
taxes!"
In this age of material progress, you have seen
the North outstrip you; but, with true Christian
patience and Christian devotion, you have ad-
hered to the great work of regenerating the hea-
then. [Laughter.] Now, sir, when was there
ever a class of men so devoted and so self-sacri-
ficing? 1 have read the history of the Apostles;
I have read the history of the Reformeis, of the
Scotch Covenanters, of the Huguenots, and of
the Crusaders; and I tell you not m one or all of
these have I seen any such heroic self-sacrifice
for the good of another race, or for the good of
other men, as I do see, in the history of these slave
States. 1 have seen Fox's Book of Martyrs, but
there is nothing m that to compare at all with the
martyrs of the South. The census of the United
States is the greatest book of martyrs ever printed.
[Laughter.] Other books treat of martyrs as in-
dividuals: the census of the United States treats
of them by States. 1 can see how a man, im-
pressed with a grand and noble sentiment, should
perhaps, in excitement or in an emergency, give
up his life m support of it; but I cannot see how a
man can sacrifice his friends, his family, and his
country, for a religious idea or an abstraction.
Here, then, sir, is the position of our southern
brethren upon this subject. But the worst is yet
to be told—the doleful conclusion of the whole
matter. They have made sacrifices, and it seems
to me that they were entitled to the rewards for
them; and 1 doubt not that they have often con-
soled themselves in contemplating the rewards in
the future which must await them for such good
services in the present. I have no doubt,sir, that
oftentimes, seeing they have not treasures laid up
on earth, they supposed they had treasures laid
up m heaven. [Laughter.] 13ut just at that time
when they seemed to be almost in the fruition
of their labors, when the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Anderson,] in great exultation of
spirit, was speaking of the institution that had
raised the negro from barbarism to Christianity
and civilization, and when the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hughes] had caught the inspira-
tion, and said, that although the body of the Af-
rican might be toiling under the lash, " his soul
was fiee and could converse on the sublimest prin-
ciples of science and philosophy"—when faith
had almost become sight—just then,sir, outcomes
the Supreme Court with the decision that a negro
has no soul! [Laughter.] <{ Angels and mmis-
teis of grace defend us!" All these treasures that
were supposed to have been laid up " where
neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where
thieves do not break through nor steal," have
been, by the decision of the Supreme Court, scat-
tered to the four winds of heaven. More than
two centuries of prayers and tears, of heroic self-
sacrificeand Christian devotion,of faith andhone,
of temporal and spiritual agony, have come to this
" lame and impotent conclusion." [Laughter.]
The moral dignity of the grandest missionary
enterprise of this age is annihilated. As a north-
ern man, I stand here a disinterested spectator of
these events. If I do not like the decision of the
court, I have a higher law. The negro himself
can appeal to the court of heaven; but what ref-
uge has the southern church? [Renewed laugh-
ter.] None whatever. This decision is a blow,
direct and terrible, foiling with ci ushmg violence
upon our southern brethren. Tins Supremo
Court, with cruel and relentless hostility, has per-
secuted the southern church as the dinger. of the
Apocalypse pursued the woman into the wilder-
ness seeking to devour her offspring. [Much ,
laughter.] What motives could have impelled the
court to this act ? I have no doubt a patriotic mo-
tive. I am not here to impugn the motives ol any
man, or of any set of men, much less of the high-
est judicial tribunal in this land. No doubt, sir,
their motives were patriotic, for they had wit-
nessed the devastation of this terrible religious
fanaticism through the South. _They had seen
the ravages of tins disastiuus missionary mono-
mania, and they determined that there must be
an end of it; and how could they so effectually
end it as by annihilating at once the object of its
aims and aspirations. Thatl sir, they have done.
Here, then, endeth the moral power of the insti-
tution of slavery.
I come now to the consideration of the event
which just as surely has doomed to destruction
the political power of that institution—I mean the
repeal of the Missouri compromise measure in the.
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. That act,
sir, I will show to you—if it ever was committed
by the slave power—to have been a suicidal act.
What need wag there for repealing that compro-
mise, or of admitting slavery into Kansas? Was
not the South sure enough of the Territory as it
was before ? I think—and this is honest con-
viction—that had it not been for that act Kansas
would have been inevitably a slave State. Weof
the North had no particular interest in that Ter-
ritory. It was put down in our geographies as
the great American desert. We had not consid-
ered it of much importance; but we relied on the
law to keep slavery out of it, and to preserve it
to freedom. We of the North have had too high
an i dea of the power of the General Go vernme nt&nd
of law, either for freedom or against freedom. Sir,
this General Government has but little power over
this question. It is not a motive power. Itis.only
a registry, an exponent of power. It is the log-
book of the ship of State, and not the steam-en-
gine that propels the ship, or the wind that fills
the canvas. We would like to have the log-book
kept right, to show us our true position; but we
do not now consider the Government as the mo-
tive power. The motive power of this nation, as
of all nations, is the people in their homes, and as
the people in their homes are, so is your progress.
If the people in their homes in Kansas had been
pro-slavery, what could the North have opposed
to it? It was emigration, and emigration only,
that could have made Kansas a State, either slave
or free. The great law that governs emigration
is this: that emigration follows the parallels of lat-
itude. Under that law Kansas would have been
settled entirelybya pro-slavery people,as was the
southern part of Indiana, and as was the southern
part of Illinois. We in the North, trusting in the
protection of the law, would have had no remedy.
People in favor of slavery would have gone there,
and if they were compelled at first to adopt a free
constitution in order to shape their institutions ac-
cording to any law concerning the Territory, they
m ight have soon reversed that position. In fact, the
decision of the Supreme Court has now made any
such thing unnecessary. They mighthaveformed
just such a constitution as they pleased. Well,
then, we would thus, in all probability, have had
Kansas a slave State without the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. But the passage of that bill, if slavery
had been certain before, seemed to the majority of
the people in the North to make it almost inev-
itable. History warranted this fear. Judging
from the case of Indiana, there seemed to be no
chance whatever for freedom in Kansas, after the
opportunity for slavery to enter there had been
£iven. There was Missouri on the confines of
the Territory—and the most densely peopled por-
tion of Missouri, too. Freedom-loving men de-
siring to go to that Territory, would have had to
travel hundreds and thousands of miles. The men
who lived on the line of Kansas, as well as other
southern men who entertained the same idea—
though they did not express it then for fear of
losing the bill—anticipated that the passage of the
bill settled the question of slavery in Kansas for-
ever. That was the evidence of the early history
of Indiana. When that Territory was opened for
settlement, a few slaveholder, perhaps a dozen or
a score, went over from Kentucky, and, contrary
to the wishes both of the President and Congress,
contrary to the ordinance of 1787, established sla-
very; and they obtained such control over that
young Territory that petitions, signed by many
of the inhabitants, praying Congress to suspend
the prohibition of shivery, were presented to Con-
gress, and year after year from 1803 to 1807. These
few slaveholders of the Territory of Indiana ac-
quired such control over the inhabitants of that
Territory bccause they were an organisation, as
slavery is everywhere and at all times an organi-
zation. It was a concentration of capital, a con-
centration of influence, and a concentration of
powei, which our emigrants from the free States,
coming 011c by one, were unable to resist; and
had it not been for the overwhelming population
