1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
of the clerks and other persons employed in the
office of the Clerk; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
JEANNETTE M'CALL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to withdraw the pa-
pers in the case of Jeannette McCall, for the
purpose of having them sent to the Senate. A
bill for her relief was introduced into the House
at the last session of Congress, sent to a commit-
tee, and reported back. I desire now to have the
bill and papers sent to the Senate.
Mr. MORGAN. What is to be done with the
papers ?
The SPEAKER. They are to be referred to
the Senate.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
colonization society.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask leave to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Colonization Society be allowed the
u<se of the old Hall of the House of Representatives on the
mil instant.
Mr. BARKSDALE, and others, objected.
clerk's accounts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to what I consider a
privileged question. I am directed by the com-
mittee which was appointed to investigate the
conduct of the late Clerk of the House, to ask the
House to make the following order 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that a question of privilege.
Mr.MAYJNARD. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report a resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
post office at brooklyn, new york.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into tne Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
J. Glancy Jones] to submit a resolution.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am desirous to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but I have no objection to accommo-
date gentlemen around me, if the propositions do
not lead to any debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to in-
troduce a simple resolution for reference.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po<?t lioads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
erecting a post office m the city of Biooklyn, New York,
and to report by bill or otiieiwise.
Mr. LETCHER. I objcct.
nancy de holkar.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers m the ease of Nancy De Hol-
lcar, for reference to the Senate.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Diciuns, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill to au-
thorize the issue of a register to the bark Jehu.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill to author-
ize a register to be issued to the steamer Fearless;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
cleric's accounts.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask leave to introduce a res-
olution givmgfurther directions to the committee
appointed to inquire into the accounts of the late
Clerk of the House. I desire to have it read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now renew my
motion to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of
the president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] moving the reference of a certain portion
of the message to a special committee; and that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ICELLOGG. Mr. Chairman, whether this
measure now before the committee is really in-
tended to sustain the honor and character of our
country or not, or whether it is intended merely
as a pretext to heroize Mr. Walker, or subse-
quently to subjugate Nicaragua, is hard to de-
termine from the debates which have taken placc
upon this floor. But one thing ascertain: that
from the indications here, and from the arguments
that have been adduced in this House, it is due to
the President of the United States that his prop-
osition relating to this question should be placed
in the hands of his friends. Mr. Chairman, if
ever a President of the United States needed the
supporting hands of his friends, it is now. Who,
sir, can tell which is the Administration party
on this floor? Who can tell, in this day of De-
mocracy, which and what are the Administration
measures? Look you to the Senate. The War-
wick of the Administration in that body has re-
fused it his support; and standing aloof, proudly
conscious of his strength, like the Warwick of
England, he hurls defiance atthe Administration.
In this House, sir, who are the friends of the Ad-
ministration ? In this House the Iron Duke—the
Wellington of the party—has refused his support
to the measures of the Administration, now tot-
tering before the end of the first quarter of its !
existence. It came into power with a national
Treasury bursting with plethora. Now, before
the end of the first year, the Treasury is empty
and the Government bankrupt. The Central Amer-
ican question is pressing hard upon the Presi-
dent. Fillibusterism isaboutto overwhelm him.
Then, again, the Kansas outrage, which he seems
to be pressing forward with the view of the de-
struction of freemen's rights, is hurled back upon
him from nearly every portion of the country until
he is ready to sink under it. Yea, sir, Utah has
defied the power of the General Government;
and Brigham Young, from his harem, laughs the
Government to scorn. This, sir, is the position
of the Administration. Sir, methinks I hear the
President now exclaiming: " save me from my
friends!" May we then not exclaim: " What an
immortality of fame awaits the sage of Wheat-
land !"
In discussing the question before the committee,
I propose to base what few remarks I have to
make upon record evidence, upon the evidence of
the annual message of the President, and upon the
evidence of the message received this morning; I
propose to base it upon a correspondence between
Walker and the officers of the Navy, which is
now a part of the history of the country; I pro-
pose to base it, sir, upon the arguments which have
been adduced in this committee; and then I pro-
pose to show that there is abundance of evidence
to prove that the Administration was right in the
commencement, and right in every position taken
by it in relation to Nicaragua up to the time of
the return of Walker to this country by the act of
Commodore Paulding. I propose to show that its
acts were strictly in accordance with the duties
which we owe to foreign countries, as well as to
the duties we owe to ourselves to sustain our
national honor and reputation.
1 propose, also, to discuss the right of Paulding
to land upon the soil of Nicaragua as a mere mat-
ter of right, and also with the further consent of
that Government—for that had been given; and,
because of that right, to show that it became our
duty to cause the arrest of the invading force, and '
that every step taken by Commodore Paulding, ]
who has been arraigned before tins committee, j
was in strict accordance with the law of nations, j
and with the instructions of the President. If the ;
President has been derelict in duty at all, it was [
m not adopting measures sufficiently stringent, to ;
have prevented Walker from leaving our shores,
and in not arresting and holding him for trial when
he was returned within our jurisdiction.
I propose now, for a moment, to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the annual message of i
the President of the United States; and in speak* j
ing of the conduct of Walker I shall use no \
stronger language than has been employed in that I,
message, I propose- to use no epithets in refer-
ence to William Walker, or connected with him,
except those which I find irr the message of the
President.
The great question before this House, and
before the country, is not a question between
Walker and Commodore Paulding. It is not a
question between Walker and his friends and the
Government of the United States; but it is a ques-
tion whether this Government has discharged its
duty and sustained its honor? That is the ques-
tion above all others which the people will recog-
nize; that is the question which they will discuss;
and it is the question which they will decide when
they fix the fate of men in high places. Mere
technicalities and forms are trifles when compared
with the great principles of national rights and
national duties of this great Republic of ours. I
read from the President's message:
"It is one of the first and highest duties of any inde-
pendent State, in its relations with the members of the
great family of nations, to restrain its people from acts of
hostile aggression against their citizens or subjects. The
most eminent writers on public law do not hesitate to de-
nounce such hostile acts as robbery and murder.
" Weak and feeble States, like tho>*o of Central America,
may not feel themselves able to assert and vindicate their
rights. The case would be fardifferent if expeditions wore
set on foot within our own territories to make piivate war
against a powerful nation. If such expeditions were fitted
out from abroad against any portion of our own country, to
burn down our cities, mwrder and plunder our people, and
usurp our Government, we should call any Power on earth
to the strictest account for not preventings-uch enormities',."
And now, sir, when an officer of the General
Government, with instructions in his pocket to en-
force the laws of the country, has seized the man
whom the President denounces as a robber and a
murderer; when an expedition is arrested going
from this powerful Government to a weak Re-
public with a view to invasion of its territory and
the destruction of its Government—before this
great and generous people, in the Hall of the Rep-
resentatives of the people of this nation, where ia
supposed to be found the sentiment of America,
an officer who, under the banner of his country,
did his country's bidding, has to be put on trial
whether he or General Walker is the better man.
It is made a question whether Walker is the hero,
and Paulding the intermeddling official. It is a
strange issue, which I will discuss more hereafter
than at the presentmoment. The President in his
message says the leader of the recent expedition
was arrested at New Orleans, and was discharged
on giving bail in the insufficient sum of $2,000.
Are these principles of the message found only
in the enactments of our statute-book? are they
to be found first in an act of a Legislature? No,
sir, they arc found in that portion of the inter-
national law which was recognized as soon as
governments began. They are the great prin-
ciples of eternal justice that exist as well between
man and man as between nation and nation; they
are to be found in the duty which we owe to one
another and in the respect which we owe to our-
selves. They are to be found in the rights of
Nicaragua. The fact is, that when we are just
to others we sustain our own character and dignity.
Because we are powerful we owe it to Nicaragua
to protect her from aggressive invasion from our
own territory on the part of lawless adventurers.
We ought, with a view to our own character, to
discharge that duty fully. I repeat that it is the
principle originally found in the law of necessity
and the law of right between nation and nation,
which the President has recognized in his messago
to the Senate and the House of Representatives.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the attention of
the committee to the facts and principles which
are presented in this case, with a view to the action
which ought to be taken by this Government;
this is a principle found, not in our statute-book,
but in the law of nations. (This ground has al-
ready been taken by gentlemen who have spoken
on this question.) I read from an authority that
will not, I think, be questioned, which defines the
right of Nicaragua, and the duty on our part to
be observed. In speaking of sovereigns, Yattel
says:
If a sovereign, who might keep his subjects within the
rules of justice "and peace, suffers thein to injuie a foreign
nation, either in its body or its members, he docs no less an
injury to that nation than if he injured them himself, fn
short, the safety of the State, and that of human society,
requites this attention from every soveiuign. If you let loose
the reins of your subjects against foreign nations, these wifrl
behave in the same manner to you; and instead of that
friendly intercourse which nature has e^tablisUed between
