2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the basis of the American party, is opposition to
whatever would make a union of Church and |
State in this country. Our principle aims at this, :
and no more. They who established originally
the platform of the party may have mistaken a
case for aprinciple. It is probable, indeed I feel
quite sure, there should have been a distinction
drawn between the Papist and the Catholic. I
understand that a portion of the Catholic Church
holds the doctrine that the Pope—whether it
springs from his spiritual power or his temporal
power, or both combined—is, in the last resort,
the ultimate judge, not only of moral right, but,
under the moral law, of political light; and there-
fore possesses the power, in some way, to ab-
solve the citizen from obedience to the Luv of the
lnnd or country to which he belongs, of which his
Holiness may disapprove as an infraction of the
Divine Law.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman can take an hour to reply to my speech.
Mr. KELLY. The gentleman asserts what is
stately, and well-proportioned tree. We have had
to prune, and we have done it. We yet hope to
build up an x\merican party, believing that there
is American sentiment enough in the country to
sustain the effort.
A mam object in the commencement of the
American organization was the cultivation of a
spirit of American nationality, of love for our own
native land, of love for our institutions as derived
from the Constitution. We will carry our plan
further. We aim at protection to American labor;
protection to American industry; the enlargement , j
of the sphere of American commerce; the increase >,
of American efficiency abroad, by administrative i>
conduct at home upon the broad political princi- |
pies which constitute the basis of our philosophy. ,|
We hope yet to bring within the fold of our party j.
i carry you even to China, where the pagan tram -
i pies your starry flag under foot, and tears it into
! shreds before the eyes of your consul, and burns
} the property of your citizens or confiscates it to
! his own uses. I would carry you to Holland,
i where your charge d'affaires points to the dic-
| tionary for the Dutch minister to find the signifi-
< cation of an English word he will not pronounce,
but is ordered to write, to sustain a reclamation
which was made absolute by an American Ad-
ministration , yet has been, so far, treated with con-
tempt. I would point to Spain, with whom not
one case has ever been brought to a settlement,
notwithstanding the Ostend manifesto and the
Cincinnati platform. I would bid you listen to
the cry borne on every breeze from American citi-
zens m every part of the globe, asking this Gov-
not a fact, and T desire-
Mr. MARSHALL,ofKcntucky. T have found
a great contrariety of opinions among Catholics
upon this particular branch of my subject, and I ,
do not expect that my friend from New York and jj tales towards that party ,n
I shall ao-ree upon what are the facts in legard to and seems to be satis,led, no matter what it does
" i 1 freely acknowledge that I was sorry they left
us; but their departure left 'no doubt as to the
correctness of Amoi icun principles, or the neces-
sity for their application.
Sir, those principles will do to live by, to stand
by, and they will do to die by in this country.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I believe that; for the
party has taken its departure from this life al-
ready^ f Laughter.''
I shall agree upo
it. The fact I state is, that the ultra-montane
branch of his Church is understood to hold the
doctrine that in the last resort the head of the
Church has the moral riglu to determine what is
right and what is not right.
Mr. KELLY. I deny that they hold any such
doctrine, and the gentleman states what is not
"'Sr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I
must say that the gentleman puts his remaiks in
a very blunt form.
Mr. KELLY. I Bay that the statement is not
true.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Why, surely
one branch of the Church holds that doctrine.
Mr. KELLY. I say there is no In am li in this
country that holds that doctrine; and the gentle-
man has never seen one that advocates that doc-
trine.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I tell the
gentleman from New York that the doctrine 1
have asserted is maintained, as I understand it,
by the whole ultra-montane branch of his Chinch;
aiid if 1 had the time to go into the discussion, I
should expect to prove my assertion fioni the Re-
view by Ijrownson, and by other Catholic writers
in tilts country. Rut the gentleman sdys [ have
never seen a Catholic of lhat class. [ have never
seen a Catholic who did not attempt to get oil'
upon that very branch ol the proposition. 1 have
S(M-n very few who, when the question was ar-
gued, did not confess to the rc.ry distinction I take.
But, sir, the American party intended to assert
the pnnciple that no union in this country shall
exist between Church and State. That is our
principle. As 1 before obseived, I am free to say
that the men who fust laid down the platform ot
the American party mistook the case, probably,
for the pnnciple, and they would have done bet-
ter to have asserted the principle only, and have
left the Papist to make his war upon it—which I
do not doubt he would have done.
But, sir, why talk we to-day about secret com-
binations, about oaths and grips and dcgiees'
These are the mere/i.niuifa: which once were used
by my party. My colleague knows well these
formula have long since been dispensed with, and
for <t year or morn there have been, m the Amen-
can party of the country, no accrots, no mystc-
ries, no degiees, no rituals, no close councils, but
only clubs,'such as have been constantly formed
by the Democratic party and every other party.
Whoever sympathizes with us in our sentiments,
our purposes, and our views, stands of our party,
and is in as open a party as either the Demociatic
or Republican patty. The. American party long
since cast off all these forms and has long since
displayed its principles, purposes, and aims. We
invite those who oppose us to discuss the broad
platform of our political principled. We claim
exactly the privilege of the gardener, who, as his
plant grows, clips oft here, and cuts oil theie, a
branch which may have taken a false direction,
until he presents it to the world as a comely,
every well-wisher of his country, without regard j| emment for protection in their lawful puisuits,
to former political combinations. Such has been |i and then I would remind you that his has been
and is our design. This miserable agitation about jj delayed, under one excuse or anothei, by our
slavery entered ourcouncils as itenteied theeoun- i1 politicians, until every intelligent man who has
/. . . r, -i un.:_  been abroad laughs derisively at the idea that the
; flag of the United States is a safe shelter either
from insult or outrage.
Believe me, sir, this picture is not overdrawn.
Our tendencies arc not to the zenith, but to the
' nadir of national efficiency and vigor, and the
voice which I utter will find an affirmative.re-
i sponse from every American who has visited
i other countries, and knows the reputation we are
acquinng, not in our own estimation, but in that
of foreign nations. This thing ought to be recti-
fied. It must be rectified. Sooner or later it will
be rectified; for sooner or later the people of the
country will wake up to the fact that if you,gen-
tlemen of the Democratic party, who have now
| the responsibilities of administration—the Exec-
j! ulive, the Senate, and House in your hands—are
not etjual to the task, it will be the duty of the
cils of both the Democratic and Whig parties
We split to pieces upon that rock in 18o4 and
18.")5. Whether wo shall ever recover fiom it is
a problem for the future. A great many members
of the Democratic party—as they have done upon
other signal occasions—came into the American
party, but afterwards left it. A Democrat gravi-
no matter where it goes,
Mr .MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Let the gen- : American people to commit their welfare and their
tleman not lay that flattering unction to his soul. dtisdiiy to .American hands
Many a g'entieman oti that side of the Chamber
now congratulates himself in a scat on this floor
who yet feels in his heart of hearts that the mi-
nority lhat he overcame consists of staunch and
true and firm Americans, who will buckle on their
armor for the next contest, and at all times here-
after, as they did heretofore. A million of Ameri-
cans appeared, under most adverse circumstances,
in the last presidential election. They will be
found hereafter standing by those same princi-
ples; and, my word for it, they will refuse all
combinations that propose to falsify them, or to
abate one jot or tittle of their strength and patri-
oite pui pose. Foronc, 1 expect to stand by those
principles now, and at all tunes hereafter. I ex-
pect that the men who voted for Millard Fillmore
in the last presidential election will stand by them;
th.it tliey will guard them jealously, and will !
preserve them leverently, ami will fight for them \
ill the future as in tile past, only with greater zeal
and with letiewed and redoubled exeitions. The I
Ameiu.aii party dead I Why, sir, although it j
may come out of the errors of administration, al-
though itmay be aiesult of wanton expenditures,
or of unequal action in guarding the rights of j
American citizens abroad, or it may spring from j
a sense upon the part of the people of this coun-
try that the Administration must be committed to j
hands that will protect American citizens abroad
and at home, we hope that,m the progress of years, |
this nucleus of a million of voting Americans will :
gatherstrength until it shall spread into a tree that j
will overshadow this American land, and under :
which our people wdl live through a future ot j
bright pi ospertv.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does the gentleman al-
lude to the murder of Colonel Crittendeivand his ;
friends when he speaks of American citizens not
being protected ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir; i
no, sir. 1 did not think of that. " j
Mr. BARlvSDALE. I supposed you did.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No; it was j
not on my nund. If I had time I would tell you j
what I was thinking of. I would point you to j
nearly every nation in the world with whom we 1
have lelations, treatinguswithacontemptwelittle
deserve, and should no longer calmly brook. I i
wonlil take you to the western coast of Mexico,
win re your consuls are kicked about, and your
d; or to the Gulf stream, where
Mr.'GOODE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask my colleague on the
committee to yield to me for a few minutes only
My colleague from Kentucky has undertaken to
give a history of the Louisville riots. I mean to
go into the facts, and to give a correct history of
them, according to my understanding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
I committee will go on with the business before it.
j Mr. BURNETT. I will not occupy more than
I ten minutes. I appeal to my colleague on tho
, committee to yield mc the floor, as an act ofjus-
! tice to me personally.
; Mr. GOODE. I will: for five minutes only.
| Mr. BURNETT. Well; I will take five min-
i utes.
' Mr. MORGAN. I object.
I Mr. BURNETT. I hope gentlemen on the
other side will permit me to be heard, for I assure
! them I have no purpose except that the truth of
! history may be vindicated.
i Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman has had his <
! hour, more or less. I object to it positively.
I Mr. BURNETT. I am entitled to the floor.
; Tho CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. CfooDE] is entitled to the floor for one
, hour, if he chooses to occupy it; and he yields to
| the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Buhxett,]
who now occupies it.
i] Mr. BURNETT. I want the attention of the
: committee for a few moments.
i j Mr. MORGAN. I want to know when the gen-
j tleman's [Mr. Goode] hour commenced?
j' The CHAIRMAN. The time occupied by hoth
1 gentlemen from Kentucky comes out of the time
| to which he was entitled.
;j Mr. GOODE. How long have I now?
' The CHAIRMAN. Twenty-three minutes.
!] Mr. BURNETT. I now hope that gentlemen
will allow me to proceed. I intend to go into the
discussion of the facts. I do not controvert any
statement that my colleague makes of his own
knowledge; but I tell him, and I tell the commit-
tee, that the evidence is not as he has detailed it
here to-day. My colleague says that the foreign-
ers had banded together for the purpose of taking
thepolls in the cit'y of Louisville. The mere state-
ment of the fact that the American party had a
majority of over two thousand votes m Louisville,
is a sufficient refutation of the idea that a minority
would band together against such odds for the
:! citizens imprisoned; or .. . . . „
■' your merchant shipping is fired upon weekly by tl purpose of taking the polIs_
i! a supercilious rival with impunity; or I would b Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky.
The gen-
