304
APPENDIX 10 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Nationality of the Democratic Party—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
revolutionary movement, are now matters of his-
tory. These occurrences demonstrate the position
I assume, and which is sustained by the President
in his message, February 2, 1858:
" This government [territorial] would long since have
been subverted had it not been protected from their assatil ts
by the troops of the United States. Such has been the con-
dition of affairs since my inauguration. Ever since that pe-
riod, a large portion of the people of Kansas have been in
a state of rebellion against the government, with a military
leader at their head of a most turbulent and dangerous char-
acter. They have never acknowledged, but have constantly
renounced and defied, the government to which they owe
allegiance, and have been all the time in a state of resist-
ance against its authority. They have all the time been en-
deavoring to subvert it, and to establish a revolutionary go v-
ernment, under the so-called Topcka constitution, in its
stead. Even at this very moment the Topeka Legislature
is in session."
Again he says:
" The truth is, that, up till the present moment, the ene-
mies of the existing government still adhere totheii Topeka
revolutionary constitution and government. The very first
paragraph of the message of Governor Robinson, dated the
7th of December, to the Topeka Legislature, now assem-
bled at Lawrence, contains an open defiance of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States. The Governor says :
'The convention which framed the constitution at Topeka
originated with the people ofKansas Terutojy. Tlicy have
adopted and ratified the same twice by a direct vote, and
also indirectly through two elections of State officers and
members of the State Legislature ; yet it has pleased the
Administration to regard the whole pioeeoding revolution-
ary.'
" This Topekagovernment, adhered to with such treason-
able pertinacity, is a government in direct opposition to the
existinggovemment prescribed and recognized by Oongrecs.
It is a usurpation of the same character a-* it would be for
a portion of the people of any State of the Union to under-
take to establish a separate government, wiihm its limits,
for the purpose of redressing any grievance, real or imagin-
ary, of winch they might complain, against the legitimate
State government. Such a punciplc, if earned into execu-
tion, would destroy ali lawful authouty and produce univer-
sal anarchy."
In these revolutionary acts may be discerned
the objcctof the Republicans, and that is, to agi-
tate until the Topeka constitution is accepted. This
cannot be done so long as Congiess recognizes the
legitimacy of territorial organization, and would
be subversive of the fundamental principles of our
Government. The question then arises, does the
Lecompton constitution come to us in a legal foi m ?
The only mode in which n people of a Territory
can form their constitution, or alter it when a State,
is through the Legislature. This is the proper
manner of ascertaining the popular will. Apply-
ing this rule to Kansas, we find that the Kansas-
Nebraska act left the " people of the Territory
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States." Actingupon
the power thus confened, proceedings were had
authorizing the election of delegates to form a con-
stitution. Such election was held; the convention
assembled atLocompton,adopted the constitution
now presented to us for our action. I have already
disposed of the objection that but a small part of
the voters exercised their right. The question
then arises, what can and should Congress do in
the premises, and what power does it possess?
The Constitution provides that new States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union, and
" the United States shall guaranty to every State i
in this Union a republican form of government."
The Lecompton constitution is legally framed,
presented, and is republican in form, and the Ter-
ritory should be admitted at once as a State under
the power thus conferred. It has been urged that
even if a part of the people would not vote, they
should still be protected against their own wrong-
ful omission. I am free to say, Mr. Chairman,
that I should feel reluctant to participate in any
act that would inflict a wrong upon the citizens of
Kansas, and would not do it knowingly. I would
not vote for a measure that I believed would fasten
upon them a permanent constitution that could not
be altered or amended; but, sir, I can see no wrong
in giving them a republican constitution, and con-
ferring upon Kansas the powers of a sovereign
State. 1 have examined the provisions of that
constitution, and find it is as democratic as that of
other States. The following liberal provision is
in the bill of rights:
" Ali political power is inherent in the people, and ali
free governments are founded on their authouty, and in-
stituted for their benefit; and therefore they have at all Limes
an inalienable and indefeasible right to alter, reform, or abol-
ish then form of government m such manner as they may-
think propei."
This is a full reservation of power by the peo-
ple, except so far as its exercise is restricted by
the constitution. Taking the position I have, that
an alteration of such an instrument can only be
effected by legislative action, except in case of
revolution, and believing, with the late lamented
Webster, the great expounder of constitutional
law, " that no single constitution has ever been
gotten up by mass meetings," that " there must
be some mode of ascertaining the public will,
somehow and somewhere;" and, " if not, it is a
governmentof the strongest and most numerous,"
I can only recognize the right of the people of
Kansas to change their constitution in the manner
prescribed thereby. If Kansas is admitted under
the Lecompton constitution, can it be altered?
and, if so, when? It provides for a change as
follows:
" Sec. 14. After the year 1864, whenever the Legislature
shall think it necessary to amend, alter, or change this con-
stitution, they shall recommend to the electors at the next
general election, two thirds of the members of each House
concurring, to vote for or against calling a convention ; and
if it shall appear that a majority of all the citizens of the
State have voted for a convention, the Legislature shall, at
its next regular session, call a convention," &c.
It seems to me that this section (and I give it
as my opinion only) takes effect in futuro, and
that, until 1864, there is no restriction that can
prevent a prior alteration. I shall not occupy the
attention of the committee in elucidating this point
—it has aheadybcen ably done, and especially
by my friend the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. PuiLLirs.] I presume it will not
bii disputed that, ifCongress oraStateLegislature
pass a law to take effect on and after such a day,
(named,) or after such a time, it cannot take ef-
fect or become operative until the period desig-
nated has expired. The same rule would apply
to a constitutional provision. The Topeka con-
stitution lias the following:
" Sicc. 4. No convention for the formation of a new con-
stitution shall be called, and no amendment to the consti-
tution shall be, by the General Assembly, made, before the
year IKm, nor more than once in five years thereafter."
This contained a restraint or restriction that
would become immediately operative.
The State of New Yoik illustrates, in her ac-
tion, the eftVct of both provisions. The consti-
tution of that State, of 1777, contained no provis-
ion for its amendment. The Legislature, in 1831,
passed a law submitting to the people the propri-
ety of amending the constitution. They responded
in the affirmative. The convention which assem-
bled, instead of amending the old one, framed a
new constitution, which was accepted. The one
thus formed contained a clause directing the mode
of changing it. In 1846, contrary to the restric-
tion, the people, through the Legislature, called
another convention, and formed the existing con-
stitution.
Mr. Chairman, no serious objections are urged,
1 believe, against any other part of this constitu-
tion except the slavery provision, or point raised
except as to the provision relating to an amend-
ment. It may be said to have been recognized in
solemn form by the whole people of thatTerrito-
ry; for, after the constitution was framed, an elec-
tion was ordered and held under its provisions
for the election of State officers and the Legisla-
ture. In law this is an estoppel, and amounts to
an assent.
Suppose, sir, that instrument could not be al-
tered before 18G4:what injury would result there-
by to the party that desire it to be a free State ?
None. It is conceded that there are now in Kan-
sas but about one hundred and sixty slaves. With
a supposed free-State majority in the Territory,
with climate and soil adverse to the permanent
existence of slavery, I do not believe that southern
gentlemen would desire to take their slaves there,
so that the present number would not be greatly
increased before the people could amend their con -
stitution. The public welfare, the repose of the
nation, and, indeed, every consideration that can
influence the patriot and lover of his country,
demand that this subject should be promptly dis-
missed from the Halls of Congress. Kansas ad-
mitted, and the people of the Territory will then
adjust their own internal affairs,peace be restored,
a more natural and healthful flow of immigration
than that sent forward by the emigrant aid soci-
eties will occur, peaceful pursuits be cultivated,
instead of threatened warlike amusements. If
Kansas is not admitted, the excitement now per-
vading the country will be continued, the subject
will again be presented at the next session of
Congress, impeding all legislation, and perhaps
to the following one; with each protraction the
waves of angry and embittered feeling rolling
higher and higher. It does not require aprophetic
spirit to foretell the disastrous consequences that
may ensue.
Mr. Chairman, political history presents curi-
ous phases. It shows the members of the Oppo-
sition party to have opposed all the leading meas-
ures of the Democratic party in times gone by,
until public sentiment indicated their adoption as
part of the public policy of the country, and, after
being driven from point to point, they sought
shelter under the slavery agitation, in which refuge
they now remain, pressing it on regardless of con-
sequences to the Union. In the last Congress
they were the opponents of non-intervention, or
popular sovereignty, and in favor of congressional
interference, and opposed to an enabling act*, now
we find them m favor of an enabling act and in fa-
vor of popular sovereignty, and what the next
phase will be to-morrowmay determine; itis not
unlikely that we may find them voting for the ad-
mission of a slave State. They have the warmest
sympathy for " bleeding Kansas,'' and cry fraud!
fraud! and charge high crimes upon the Demo-
cratic party; but they have none for the great city
of New York,whose vested rights were ruthlessly
invaded byaRepublican Legislature,and stripped
of many of its chartered privileges, to give spoils
and patronage to their adherents. I have been
taught to believe that " charity begins at home."
Another singular spectacle is presented: we
find several honorable members, who fought side
by side with us in the great political battle which
resulted in the recognition of non-intervention in
local affairs of Territories, recently voting for the
appointment of a special committee to intervene
in its worst form in the domestic affairs of a Ter-
ritory. Among the latter I find my colleague, [Mr.
Haskw.] It was with feelings of regret and mor-
tification that I heard him utter the following lan-
guage:
" fn arriving at the conclusion to vote against the admis-
sion ol Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, I have
been aided and influenced by a desire to faithfully repre-
sent the constituency which elected me, and to fulfill the
pledges which I made them upon accepting my nomination.
To them I am responsible for my course heie; and being
honestly convinced that my opposition ro the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution—repudiated and
protested against, as it is, by at least three fouiths of her
people—meets with the approval of a large majority of my
constituents, whose wishes I a in in honor bound to obey, I
shall vote against the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution."
The honorable member represents the counties
of Westchester, Rockland, and Putnam. I was
born on the banks of the noble Hudson, in the
county of Westchester; the traditions of home
clustered around and have been identified with it
for more than a century; my early life was spent
in rambling among the rocks, hills, and dales of
that beautiful region, until they became familiar
as household words. Itis classic ground, hal-
lowed by the footsteps of the Father of his Coun-
try and his compeers; the scene of some of the
most important events of the war of independence.
Revolutionary patriots now sleep the sleep of
death beneath its green sod; and there rest, too,
the remains of Paulding, (and his associates,) the
capturer of Andre, whose last request to his med-
ical attendant was, <( Please tell all those who ask
after me that I die a true Democratic Republi-
can," and whose descendant my colleague so re-
cently defended on this floor. Surrounded by
such association, the Democracy of that section
cannot, wilt not, falter in a crisis like this; and I
am justified in saying that my colleague does not
represent the wishes of the constituents thathon-
ored him with his election. Public meetings have
been held in the several counties of the district,
condemning his course, and the Democratic press
is unanimous against it. My colleague will bear in
mind that his predecessors, in 1854, voted against
the Kansas-Nebraska bill in opposition to the
wishes of his constituents. He boasted that he
could be returned upon that vote; not beingnom-
inated, he ran, in 1856, as an independent candi-
date, and received so small a number of votes that
I do not find his name mentioned in the official
