1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
"which poured in from the North in 1807 and 1808,
the prohibition of slavery would have been sus-
pended. Had it not been for John Randolph it
would have been suspended in 1803; and had it
not been for Mr. Franklin in the Senate, it might
have been suspended in 1807; and both of these
were southern men.
Well, sir, I have said that slaveholders are
everywhere an organization. There is a commu-
nity of interest, a bond of feeling ^nd of sympa-
thy, which combines and concentrates all efforts
to defend slavery where it is, and to extend it to
places where it is not. Then, what fault can be
found with our efforts to organize freedom by
means of our emigrant aid societies, that enable
our citizens to go to the Territory m companies
of twenty, fifty, one hundred, or two hundred, to
takepossession of the West, and to locate there
the institutions under which they choose to live?
And here I come to the defense of this associa-
tion. Ithas been assailed, time ancl again, on this
floor, and I have never been allowed even the
privilege of putting questions to its assailants.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Anderson]
called it "illegal and unconstitutional. " It has
been so assailed by the successor of Millard Fill-
more. But where is the proof? Which of its acts
has been shown to be illegal or unconstitutional?
If it was illegal and unconstitutional, why has not
the organization been crushed by the courts ? We
contend- that any organization which is allowed
to continue its existence from year to year, and
to carry on its business, has the presumption, at
least, of a legal right to do so. We claim that for
the Emigrant Aid Company.
But the gentleman from Missouri professes to
have authority in regard to this matter.- He has
said that we may employ this emigrant aid so-
ciety in promoting emigration to Central America
and to foreign countries, but that we must " be-
ware" how we do so in colonizing the Teiritoues
of this Government. Mr. Chairman, if the gen-
tleman from Missouri has any authority in those
premises, I hope he will exercise it. I ask him to
publish a hand-book for emigrants, telling us how
we may go into a Territory; whether wo may
ride or must go on foot; whether we may take our
wives and children with us, or must leave them
at home; whether we may take some of our neigh-
bors with us, with their agricultural implements
and steam-engines, or whether we must go into
the Territories without any neighbors whatever;
whether we may get horses and oxen from the
free States, or whether we mustcontent ourselves
to take mules from the State of Missouri. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, let us have not only the book, but
the reasons for it. Let us know how far wo may
go according to the law in this matter of emigra-
tion. I recommend the gentleman from Missouri
to take some lessons from the gentleman fiom
Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] in this matter. I
think he can get broader views upon this subject
if he will consult that gentleman, and I think he
will allow northern men to go to the places which
they have a right to go to by the law of this land
in such society, if it be law-abiding, as they may
choose to select for themselves.
I have said that the great general law of emi-
gration is, that the emigrants shall follow the par-
allels of latitude m this country. There arc some
exceptions to this. The gold in California led our
emigrants from the extreme North across many
parallels of latitude. That was a sufficient dis-
turbing cause. The existence of slavery in the
slave States of this country, has driven thirty-five
out of every hundred emigrants across northern
parallels to the free States of the Union. That
was another great and powerful cause. But there
is another cause sufficient to carry emigration
southward over parallels of latitude. That is,
the argument of cheap lands, with the additional
advantage of organized emigration. The objec-
tions that have heretofore existed among north-
ern men to settling in southern States are, by
this mode of emigrating, entirely obviated. The
northern man, with his family of children, would
not heretofore go into a southern State, in the
absence of schools and churchcs. Hut when, com-
bined with one or two hundred, or one or two
thousand, of his frierids and neighbors, he goes
into a slave State, he carries with him schools and
churches, and the mechanic arts, ail these diffi-
culties are obviated; and besides, he has the in-
ducement of going where the land can be bought
at slave-State prices, in the expectation of finding
it come up probably in a few years to free-State
prices, which are five or six times greater than
slave-State prices. Here is the great inducement
of increasing wealth. Let a colony start from
Massachusetts, and settle on almost any land in
the State of Virginia—in Greenville, Southamp-
ton, Dinwiddic, or'Accomac, where the lands do
not average so high as three dollars an acre, by
the census of 1850—and the very day they settle
there the value of the land is more than doubled.
There is better land for sale to-day in Tennessee
and North Carolina, for fifty cents per acre, than
can be bought for ten times that sum in any free
State.
How can such an appeal to the migrating pop-
ulation of the North in favor of organized emigra-
tion to the slave States be resisted ? I know of no
means of resisting it. They do not come as your
enemies; they come as your friends. They do
not come to violate your laws, but to improve
their own condition. This movement southward
is destined to continue and to increase. Sir, if
slavery were as sacred as the Ark of the Cove-
nant, and if it were defended by angels, I doubt
whether it could withstand the progress of this age
and the money-making tendencies of the Yankee.
But it is not as sacred as the Ark of the Covenant,
and nobody believes that it is defended by angels.
" But, sir, there begins to be an enlightened idea
in these border slave States upon this subject. A
year ago, when I proposed to plant a few colonies
in Virginia, several journals in the Old Dominion
threatened me with hemp and grape-vine if I
should ever set foot in that Territory. Well, I
thought 1 would make the experiment. I went
into western Virginia and into eastern Kentucky.
I addressed numerous audiences in both of those
States, and everywhere where I asked the people
if they had any objection to their land being worth
four or five times what it was, they said <c No."
[Laughter.] I asked them if they had any ob-
jection to the manufacture of plows and wagons
m Wayne county. There never had been a man-
ufacturing establishment between the Big Sandy
and the Guyandot. Everything was imported.
There was not a newspaper published between
the two rivers. I asked if they had any objec-
tion to a good, substantial, business newspaper
published there, and to have schools andchurches
and the mechanic arts established in that county.
With one voice they replied—" none, whatever."
" We wclcome you to our county, and to all its
advantages." At every meeting we were wel-
comed by the unanimous voice of the people; and
now I believe that there are at least twelve news-
i papers in the State of Virginia advocating those
colonies coming into the State. The sagacious
statesman who is the Governor of the Old Do-
minion, gives us a most cordial welcome. Weil,
the prospect is very good and inviting; and if
there is any danger of a dissolution of the Union
—in fact, if there is any weak spotin the Union,
I think it would be a good thing to patch it over
with an additional layer of population. [Ap-
plause.] There never would be any disunion, if
we could only attend to it, and see where the
weak places are, and mend them in time.
But there isanotherexception to the rule I have
laid down. Central America will prove abund-
antly sufficient to carry emigration southward,
even across many parallels of latitude. We have
already commenced to move, and what to some
men seemed to be the umbilical cord of an em-
bryo southern empire, is likely, by these means,
to be cut off, if it is not cut off already. [Laugh-
ter.] Everybody knows the physiological con-
sequences.
Well, sir, I wish now to say that there is a
higher power than man's in relation to this mat-
ter of freedom in Kansas. It seemed at iirst_ to
the whole North that the project of establishing
slavery there would exclude freedom, and the
whole North was intimidated by it. There was
the greatest reluctance manifested to emigration
in that direction, from the North. Everywhere
there was fear; everywhere despair.
" There was silence deep a.-? death,
While wo finatr\l f>n our path ;
And the boldest held hi? breath
For a time,"
Six months of persistent effort in writing and
speaking were required, to induce the first colony
of only thirty men to go to Kansas. The people
had become impressed with the idea that Kansas
was destined to be a slave State; but as soon as the
first colony had reached that Territory, and had
founded the famous city of Lawrence, the whole
train of northern emigration was turned from Ne-
braska and from Minnesota to Kansas. And they
have filled Kansas with free-State men—such men
as are fitted for the high position they occupy; for
Kansas is the geographical center of our posses-
sions. Its position in itself makes k. the arbiter
of our fate in all coming time, destined to give law
to all between the Missouri river and the golden
gates of the Pacific, and to make its power felt all
the way between the British possessions and the
Gulf of Mexico. Never were more noble men
needed for a more noble work. It was necessary
that Plymouth Rock should repeat itself in Kan-
sas. The Puritan character was needed there;
but how could it be had, except by such disci-
pline as made the Puritans; for if it was neces-
sary that they should be raised like the Pilgrim
fathers of New England, it was also necessary
that they should have the training of the Pilgrim
fathers. They were peculiar in their early his-
tory, and peculiar in their late history. They had
their early education among the rocks and mount-
ains of New England. I have known of great
men in times past, who came from the forest, who
came from hills and mountains; but I never have
known them to be raised on Wilton carpets. These
men received their early training among the rug-
ged hills of New England, where they waged in-
cessant war on iceandgranite, on snow and gravel-
stones. It is there where they acquire their en-
ergy and their power. And, sir, I think the
Yankee race has at least an octave more compass
than any other nation on earth. I know a Yan-
kee doughface is half an octave meaner than any
other man. [Laughter.]
Sir, some of the best of this Yankee raee went
to Kansas. They were stigmatized six months
before tjiey arrived there as thieves and paupers.
Well, if such men as those who have built Law-
rence, and Topeka, and Manhattan, and Osawat-
omie, and Gluindaro, were thieves and paupers,
what do you think those of us respectable, well-to-
do people will accomplish in the Old Dominion,
where we are now becoming acquainted with some
of the " first families?" These men have been
reviled by their inferiors at both ends of Pennsyl-
vania avenue many times during the last three
years. The other day, in the other end of this
Capitol, such men were denominated ilaves. Sir,
we are slaves ! I admit it; but our only master
is the Great Jehovah. These heroes in Kansas
having for their ancestors the* Pilgrim fathers,
"sons of sires who baffled crowned and mitred
tyranny," disciplined in their early years by the
rugged teachings of adversity, seem to have been
well prepared for their high mission.
But the discipline of worthy examples, of New
England education, and of poverty and adversity,
were notenough. The discipline of tyranny was
requisite for their perfection. This discipline has
been of use in all ages of the world. David was
not fit to rule over Israel until he had been hunted
like a " partridge in the mountains" by the envi-
ous and malignant Saul. Brutus was not fitted
to expel the Tarquins until after he had endured
their tyranny for years. What would Moses
have done but for Pharaoh ? Where would have
been the reformers of the sixteenth century,
where the puritans in the seventeenth, and the
patriots in the eighteenth, but for Leo the Tenth,
Charles the First, and George the Third ? But
Charles the First lost his head, and George the
Third his colonies, for less tyranny than has
been practiced upon the people of Kansas by the
two successors of Millard Fillmore. If we thank
God for patriots, we should also thank him for
tyrants, for what great achievements have patri-
ots ever made without the stimulus of tyranny?
Without vice, virtue itself must be insipid; and
without wicked and mean men, there could beno
heroes.
The brave man rejoices in the opposition of the
enemy of his rights. Wicked and mean men are
the stepping-stones on which the good and great
ascend to Heaven and immortal fame.
These miscreants, cursed both by God and man,
subserve importantinterests. The sacred volume
which unfolds to us the life and sufferings of the
Savior of men, makes record also of Pontius Pilate
