2M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
all men, we should see nothing bptone natioa robbing
another*"
Strange as it may seem, there seems to be a
portion of the members of this body who arc
jmaking for JVIr. Walker all the excuses and justi-
fications that can be made, regardless of the duty
and honor of Government, the rights of Nic-
aragua, or the justice due Commodore Paulding.
If he be in truth the hero, if he be in truth the
patriot that they make him by their charges against
Commodore Paulding, who has faithfully exe-
cuted the laws of the Government, then I ask that
the charge be made against the President and
the Administration. Let them be charged home
upon the policy of this Government, and not upon
the head of a meritorious and valuable officer of
the Navy. Walker wasexpelled from Nicaragua.
Whether he was ever elected its President or not
is not important for me to inquire. If he was so
elected his election was secured by the force of
American arms, and by the votes of invaders
from our own soil. By the aid of American dep-
redators he may have kept up for a time a suc-
cessful rebellion there. But the natives of the
country in their strength drove him from their
borders, and the broad flag of our country floated
at the mast-head of the vessel which in sympathy
brought away the wretched and ruined remnant
of his followers.
It is said on my left that not one of them was
hanged. No, sir, none; who would hang such
unfortunate men—men depressed in spirit, dis-
eased, and ruined, who had been seduced from
their homes by the hope of plunder? Instead of
hanging it would have been better to have sent
them where the rights of man are respected, and
the rights of Governments held sacred.
He was expelled from the country, and lie came
to our shores. And, now, mark what is the basis
of all this matter before the country. Do you sup-
pose that Commodore Paulding is the originator
of that? Do you suppose that it originated out-
side of the Executive Mansion? No, sir; it origin-
ated there, and there is where the fierce artillery
should be felt.
The Administration receives some support—
however feeble it may be—on the Republican
side of the House. But this I have to say, that I
believe, in my heart and soul, that when the honor
of the country is concerned, when the country is
in clanger, then you will find rallying round its
standard the entire Republican force of the coun-
try. Wo are not filibusters; we are not hero-
makers. We desire our country to movesteadily
onward, peacefully, justly, but with certain pro-
gression, and if she shall reach with her influence
Central America, I say—God speed. If it shall
reach and embrace the islands of the sea, I say—it
is well; but letus move forward peacefully, justly,
and progressively; in accordance with the char-
acter, spirit, and genius of the age.
Walker was expelled from Nicaragua by its? in-
habitants; and again fitting out another expedition
of invasion, ourGovernmentinterposed its power
to enforce its own laws and piotect Nicaragua.
And this act of ours is somewhat convulsing the
country, and more particularly the Democratic
party—though with that I find no particular ob-
jection, for if cach branch of that party should
do justice to the other, and purge it well, it would,
I think, be of benefit to the country.
When Walker was about to return to Central
America, (1 ask gentlemen upon the other side to
look at the records of the country,) the official
who represented Central America at our Govern-
ment, demanded that our Government should ex-
ercise her rights and discharge her duty to that
Republic, and sustain her own reputation. I ask
here to lead a communication signed by him who
is now the Minister from that Republic to this
Government, who was then unrecognized, but
who was acting in connection with another, in
behalf of Central America. I read now a letter
signed by A. J. De Yrisarri and Luis Molina, and
also the instructions ofGeneral Cass, prompted by
this complaint. They are as follows:
Nfav York, September 14, 1*57.
The undersigned, Minister Piempotenuaiy of the Repub-
lics of Guatemala and Salvador, and the Charge d'AiFaires
of the Republic of Co^ta Rica, have the honor to make
known to the Secretary ot^State of the United States, that
there is uq doubt thai there is being prepared, m the south-
ern part of this Republic, an expedition, under the oiders
of the adventurer William Walker, the which, according
to the advices published in this public journals, will sail
about the middle of tho present monthj or the beginning of
the nest, and will proceed to the Bocas del Toro, where it
will receive the armament which has been prepared m this
port of New York to b^ forwarded to said point. It is prob-
able that the uniting of the expeditionists and the aforesaid
armament, at the Boras del Toro, may be for the purpose
of those new invaders of Nicaragua entering the poit oi
San Juan del Norte, for they have no other port at winch
they can enter. The undersigned hope that the Govern-
ment of the (Jmted States, in view tliai it cannot prevent
the debarkation of this expedition, so publicly and shame-
lessly announced, like all the others, will order that a ves-
sel of war of the United Stares prevent the landing of these
aggies^ors in the Boca-> del Toro, and thai positive order?
be given to the vessel of war that may he lying m San Juan
del Noite, also to prevent the landing of the said filibusters
on that coast, causing them to icturn to the United States,
as transgressors of the laws of this country, and as distutb-
ers of the peace and security of friendly nations.
With the highest consideration, the undeisigned have the
honor to subscribe themselves, of the Seeretaiy of State of
the United State*, the attentive and obedw>m servant",
A. J. DIO YRISARRI,
Hon. Lewis Cass. LUIS MOLINA.
Washington, September 18, 1857.
Silt: From information received at this Dopaitment,
thete is reason to believe that lawless persons are now en-
gaged within the limits of the United States in setting on
toot and ptepanng the meain for mil itaiy expeditions to be
earned on against the territories of Mexico. Nicaragua, and
Costa Rica—Republics with whom the United States ate at
peace—in direct violation of the sixth section of the act of
Congtess, appioved 20th Apul, 1818 And, under the eighth
section of the said act, it is made lawful foi the Piesident,
or such person a* he*>hall empower, to employ the land and
naval forces of the United State*, and the militia theieof,
" for the purpose of preventing the carrying on of any such
expedition orenteipu&e from the terntoues oi juusdiction
of the United States." I am, therefore, directed by the
President to call your attention to the subject, and to uige
you to use all due diligence, and to avail yourself of all
legitimate means at your command to enfoice these and
othei provisions of the said act of 20th April, 1818, against
those who may be found to be engaged in setting on loot
or preparing military expeditions against the territories of
Mexico, Co^ta Rica, and Nicaragua, so manifestly picju-
dicial to the national character, and so injurious to the
national interest. And you aie hereby iiMineted promptly
to communicate to this Department the eailiest information
you may teceive relative to «ueh expeditions.
I am, sir, your obedient servant, LEWIS CASS.
My object in having the papers read was to
show the basis of our present state of affairs; to
show that Nicaragua herself proposed that that ex-
pedition should be arrested, and that Walker and
his party should be brought back to the Govern-
ment of the United States. There is the complaint
of the offended country. That country, by her
representative—not then recognized, but recog-
nized since and before this aggression, as the min-
ister of that nation—made application that this
man Walker and his confederates should be ar-
rested and brought back from the shores of Nic-
aragua. Now, what was the object of that? Was
the object to sustain our law, and to enforcc the
penalty against Walker? No, sir; there was a
broader and a higher necessity; there was a greater
and more dangerous evil threatening; and it was
to bring back from Nicaragua those men who
were carrying on an invasion against that nation.
It was to save and protect that State, and to take
into custody those who were despoiling that Gov-
ernment. That was the reason, and the only rea-
son. The Secretary of State, in accordance with
that request of the representative of that State, is-
sued his order to the Navy, to the Army, to the
marshals, and to the civil authorities, to uphold
the rights of Nicaragua, and save the laws of our
Confederacy from violation.
Do gentlemen suppose that there is no other
point in this case than the question whether Gen-
eral Walker should be imprisoned? Do gentle-
men suppose the question is between Walker and
Paulding? Do gentlemen suppose that the ques-
tion which agitates this country is whether Walker
is a hero, or whether Paulding is an honorable
man? No, sir. What then was the object of that
order? It was to do what the Government of
Nicaragua asked should be done. The object of
that order of Secretary Cass was to carry out the
request, and to execute the law, for the purpose
of the protection of Nicaragua. Now, I desire
that gentlemen should meet this question upon
this high ground, and to sirike home to the very
object of the order. If the House cannot see that
the object of that application, and of that order,
was the security of Nicaragua, then I am much
mistaken in the judgment of this House. Now,
if this was the order given to Paulding, if it was
the heart and soul of the requisition, where was
he to execute it? Gentlemen talk of writs and
jurisdiction of a marine league—talk of the high
seas—talk of the coast, but they must remember
that our Navy is the great power by which our
international laws are enforced. It is the min-
isterial power in the hands of the Executive.
Where American commerce is outraged, no writ
issues. Where American rights are invaded, no
legal order issues—nothing but the general order
of the Executive—to enforce our rights and re-
dress our grievances.
I ask gentlemen to turn their attention to the
case of Ingraham. What was the order to Ingra-
ham? None on earth. But his piission was to
protect American rights; and what did he do ?
Without the knowledge of the Executive, with-
out an order from the Government, Ingraham
went aboard an Austrian vessel of war, and took
therefrom Koszta, who had only declared his in-
tention to become an American citizen. What
order had he for that act? Nothing but the order
of the law; nothing but the orderof thegenius of
our country—an order written on the flag which
bears the stars and stripes. That act was sus-
tained by our Government, and shed new luster
upon the naval arm of tho Government. Where
American rights need protection and enforcement,
the naval power of the country is present to en-
force those rights.
Nicaragua had the right to hold our Govern-
ment responsible for the protection of her terri-
tory from aggressions of American citizens; and
if such is the duty of our Government, is it to be
said that it has 110 power to fulfill that duty ? If
that were true, then it would be the duty of Con-
gress to bestow such power on the Executive as
would enable it to carry on the machinery of the
Government; justice toother nations, and to our
own character, demands it.
In regard to the question whether Commodore
Paulding was justified in entering on the soil of
Nicaragua and arresting those whom the Presi-
dent denominates murderers and robbers, I pro-
pose to consider it m two phases—first as against
Walker, and second as against the sovereignty of
Nicaragua, with which Republic we are at peace,
and a minister of which, to our Government, we
recognize in this capital.
Walker was amenable to the laws of the Uni-
ted States. So says the President. He was
arrested and held to bail. I was astonished to
hear gentlemen of learning in this Mouse say that
Walker having given bail should not have been
again arrested. Do gentlemen not remember that
that bail was taken before an examining court?
And do they not remember that the decision of an
examining couit is never final? But, apart from
technicality, do gentlemen not remember that the
act for which "Walker was arrested by Commo-
dore Paulding, was perpetrated subsequently to
the time when he was first arrested and admitted
to bail ? It will not be said—it cannot be said—
that that bail gave him immunity for all time. It
cannot be said that the court at New Orleans oould
grant an immunity and indulgence to him to com-
mit murder and robbery on the soil of another
country. And when he and his followers were
arrested on the soil of Nicaragua what right has
he to complain ? What right can his friends show
for him here, becausc of the place of arrest?
I lay it down as a rule of law and a iule of
justice, an eternal right—whether on th$ statute-
books orin the mere elements oflaw—that he who
violates the law cannot make to himself a city of
refuge. Nowhere on God's earth—on the ocean,
on shipboard, on a foreign soil, or in a desolate
land—can he make to himself a place or city of
refuge. The law follows him, and, as against
him, he may be seized wherever he may be found.
This is the law recognized everywhere. When
a murdercror a robber who commits a crime in one
State and flees to another, and is there arrested
without the permission of that State, and is re-
turned for trial, and puts in his plea that he was
not legally arrested, what then? Why, the judge
responds, " You are in court; you have broken
the law of the land, and you are liable to punish-
ment." it would be a strange plea for a mur-
derer who escapes from Illinois and is arrested in
Indiana, and brought back, to say that lie was
illegally arrested. Do you suppose that that plea
would be heeded? Nay, fuither! Suppose the
State of Indiana demanded the return of such
murderer, my opinion is, that the response of the
State of Illinois, Virginia, Mississippi, or North
Carolina would be, (i We will hang him first, and
then send him back. He murdered our citizen,
and is amenable to our laws?"
