APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Groesbeck.
Ho. of Reps.
canvass. Whether my colleague is to share the
same fate, remains to be seen. While I desire
the honorable member shall take all the credit he
is entitled to for his advocacy in times past of the
principles of the national Democracy, I cannot
perceive how it can justify his present course.
Others before him have been distinguished for
consistent political action, and yet by a single act
have blighted the good effect of all their antece-
dents, and destroyed their political future. With-
out intending anything personal, but by way of
illustration, I would say that Arnold was es-
teemed a true and loyal officer, and had done the
State some service, until he committed treason
against his country. Will it be urged that his
treason was therefore justified 3
1 have heard much during this debate of " read-
ing members out of the party.'5 Sir, no formal
pronunciamienlo is required for that purpose.
They are out by the operation of their own act;
they are in the position of the soldier who, in the
hour of battle, deserts to the enemy; the penalty
follows. It is idle to suppose that, when gentle-
men proclaim the result of their act will be to
break down the national party, and elevate a sec-
tional one with its attendant consequences, and
are doing all they can to attain that object, they
can remain, when the act is completed, in full
communion with the party they seek to destroy.
Their proper place is with the Opposition, and
time will soon place them in that association.
History is full of examples of conflicts between
individuals and the party; but each instance has
resuhed in a signal failure of the assailant. The
content in such eases is an unequal as that be-
tween a mere guerilla band and a powerful and
well-or^amzedarrny. Men,as indi vuluals,ruv apl
to exaggerate their power when directed agatne.t
organizations. In struggles with the Democratic
pan y, men are but pigmies contending with giant;:,
f hey may be compared to the fly on the wheel:
the fly is crushed,and the wheel rolls on. When-
ever a great issue, as in the present case, arises,
involving perhaps the very existence of the Union,
it is the duty of every man having at heart the
welfare of the nation to sustain the Administra-
tion in its patriotic course, and rnoio especially
those who hold their seats in this honorable body,
end were elected upon the same platform with the
present distinguished chief.
8.r, I entreat these anti-Lecompton Democrats
to pause in the step they are about to take in the
opposition. You concede the great purpose and
mission of the national Democratic party; you
concede it is the great bulwaik that alone can ar-
rest, the ascendency of sectionalism: you concede
that such a triumph may result m o separation of
th" States, bringing m its tram calami ties that may
be ' onjodural but not foretold: aru yet you stand
r< ;idy to strike the parricidal hhnv. Should this
measuie be defeated by your votes, and the dis-
aster flow from it which has been predicted, you
cannot fail to be regarded hereafter as the parri-
cides of the Republic.
Mr. Chairman, the northern national Democ-
racy stands now, and will continue to stand heie-
afuv, by the pnnc.ples established by the Kansas-
Nebraska act, and those enunciated at Cincinnati.
We insist that the Territories, us well as States,
have the sole right to determine their local and
municipal matters, and that each should be let
alone' to manage them in their own way. This
coursA must ultimately force the slavery agitation
out of Congiess, notwithstanding the embarrass-
ment which has thus far attended the application
of the principle to Kansas. The present difficulty
has grown out of the premature lmmigiation
forced upon the Terntory by slavery agitators,
which went there, not to cultivate the soil, but to
foster the excitement which has of late convulsed
the: whole country, and of which all, I believe,
a,e heartily tired. This rule adopted will not
produce like consequcnces again. There may be
some struggle when a constitution with slavery
is presented, but [ believe public sentiment will
determine that it shall be no bar to admission on
that ground. Once firmly established and acted
upon m good faith, slavery will be left to the law
of climate and soil to control it. This law, which
has been silently working sincc the adoption of
the constitution, has caused the abolition of sla-
very in six of the original States, and either abol-
New SniiiES—i\o. 20.
ished or prohibited it in nine of the new States
since admitted, and which has now brought to
us two, if not more, free States for admission into
the Union, thereby destroying tho equilibrium
between the slave and free States, imposes, in my
judgment., a higher duty up™ tho national De-
mocracy of the North than has hitherto existed,
to see that the compromises of the Constitution
are maintained, and tho rights of the States se-
cured. Its action in the past is a guarantee for
the future. All that the southern States demand
is to be allowed to control their own affairs, and
equal rights with the other States. When a new
State seeks admission, and its people desire sla-
very, Congress should not interpose objection, if
the constitution is republican in form, but should
at onee admit it into the Union. The national
Democracy are fully committed upon this point,
and will redeem the pledge.
Mr. Chairman, my colleague, ["Mr. IIaskin,]
in his remarks, uses the following language:
u I hone.Jflv I - hove lhat. but I'oi patmmige, fast becoming
tbe bane of tile HepubiK'. not in Demociat.e meiiibei-liom
tlie fiec tftules would In.- tound ssuppoi tmg tiie Lecoinyton
constitution ;w it Ij;i& been ptewnted to us."
I hold that no membei of this honorable body
should make oven a vague charge of this grave
character against his associates,even from belief,
unless founded upon some fact. If the integrity
and honor of any gentleman has yielded to the
seductions of patronage and power, it is proper
and due to the dignity of this honorable body that
it shou'd be known, nrni the person or persons
named. I therefore call upon my colleague [Air.
Uaskix] to <;ivc this information, and the fa ts
upon which Ius belief m founded; my lespectfor
111 ici h"i)0iablc body forbids that I should charac-
teiir.e tins charge in ouch terms as it desorws. I
a v. ait Ins response: I can make great allowance
fur excitement mmd-nt to debate. The remaiks
of my colleague, however, having been prepared
m advance, and read from a printed copy, indi-
cate premeditation and deliberation. While my
colleague makes an assault on the one side, the
honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Morris,]
in saying that the " northern men who vote for
the admission of Kansas umhr the Lecompton
constitution are going to their politico! graven,"
(I do not quote the exact language, not ha\ mg ins
remarks before me,) pay* us a high compliment,
forwhich.as one,I thank him. It shows hia con-
viction that we have been guided by higher mo-
tives than seltSh cnnsulnaiions.
Sir, 1 have heard it sutcd on this floor, and held
in ttrrorcmovcvih" northern Leeompton members,
that the Kansas-Nebraska act repubhcanizid the
last Congress, Without desiring to refer m detail,
I desne to state a fict not geneially undu stood.
The whole country has been made aware long
since of the division m the Democratic party of
the .itate of New x'oik from l£53 to LSo'o. It is
to be deplored, but nevertheless true, that had the
Hard and Soft vote been united upon sinde candi-
dates in lb'54, it would have secured eleven more
members in the last Congress—seven by a ma-
jority vote, and four by a plurality—making a
total of fifteen, and given to the Democratic party
in Con,"ies3 a decided majority. I niaynlso say
that the twelve Democratic members from that
State m the present Congress were returned upon
tho principle contained m the Kansas-Nebraska
act.
In times gone by, the parties in this country
were divided mlv Uk Democra'ic and Whic: pauy.
Many glorious bottles wee fouc-h' between thnn,
and many brilliant ami gallant con:' sts were had
by tho rival leaders?upon this fmoi upon the
questions which, fi om t> me to time, have auVui d
the country. As p.-tr;ie:pa ifs m these intell . \
encounters, the names of Calhoun, Clay, Web-
ster, Benton, and a im^t of others, now occur to
me. In all the gnv;t oil :rts of th'>." statesmen—
amid ali the heat, zeal, and bitterness of debate
and party warfare—there was one common bond
between them, and that was the love of the Union.
The Whig party was national—it was glorious to
battle with it—it was " a foe worthy of cur steel."
In its triumphs, however much we might differ
from its policy, the country rented secure upon
its nationality. The great issues between them
were decided'by the people in favor of the Dem-
ocratic patfy, a-.d the crntnntions ceas-d. The
great leaders of the Whig party, Clay and Web-
ster, having lived the period allotted to man, and
devoted their whole lives, from their manhood to
their graves, to the service of their country,-full
of honors, passed away to the silent tomb, amid
grieved hearts, bearing to their eternal home-the
affection and veneration of their fellow-country-
men. The Whig party ceased to exist, and the
Opposition party were without a leadingprincipie.
The slavery agitation, which had for a longtime
been seen but dimly in the distance, nowculmin-
; ated in the Republican party, and a bitter, s'ee-
• tional, and fanaticalcontestensued. Inthisstrug-
> gle the national Democratic party—lifting itself
' up to its <*innt proportions, "reinforced by a part
| of the national portion of the Whig party, several
i of whom, I am proud to say, are now upon this
i floor cooperating with us, met the enemy and tri-
| umphed. Though defeated, they were not con-
i quered; and the war is* being waged.
| No intelligent person can"bo so blind as not to
; see, in the success of a northern scctional party
arrayed against the constitutional rights of tho
j South, that a counter-geographical party must
! arise. When this occurs, it is easy to foretell the
! consequences. I shall not dwell upon it. In this
I crisis we can only look to the Democratic party
I in the future; it occupies a broad, national pl&t-
I form, and guards scrupulously the rights of all
' sections. I believe in its invincibility and in its
: great destiny; its nationality will preserve it; the
, people must see the consequences of its defeat;
j and I feel a deep conviction that when the hour
of trial comes, all classes will rally 10 its support
i as the only means of preserving the Union, which
, they are taught to love and cherish from early
1 childhood. 1 love my whole country; it 15 with
; regr. t that! see contrasts presented, attempting
j to show the greater prosperity of one section or
1 class over another. We are one aggregated whole
j —what adds to one part strengthens the other,
j Our power and greatness as a nation result from
i combination, and from that alone must it increase
i and be carried on in the fulfillment of its great
future.
| This protracted struggle is drawing to a close;
, the President of the United States has taken his
| position firmly, and it is our grave and solemn
1 duty to sustain him. I have taken mine, what-
ever may be the individual consequence, and can
■ say, in the language of the lamented President
, Jackson, when standing over the rocks of the 1? ip
| Ivans, looking upon the ocean, when friends were
: deserting hnn by legions in consequonee of his
, firm course upon the public measures of his day:
j " Pi ovidenoe may change my detennmation; but
! mail can no D!u,l do it than lie can remove these
ivip Reps, which have resisted the rolling ocean
from the beginning of time."
ADMISSION OP KANSAS,
SPEECH OF HON. WM. S. GROESBECK,
OV OHIO,
In tiie House of Representatives,
March 33, lb'53.
The limine m <lie Commutes of Hie Whole on the
s-taie of the Uinop —
Mr. GRORSRHCTC said:
Mr. Chairman*: In a very few hours the roll of
our names wul be called to take the vote on the
admission of Kanses into tins Union as a Stale
under the Lecompton co istitution. L shall vote
" No;-' end I have felt it to be my duty to ex-
ptvj. 5 s<~em ol tin* reasons why I shall so vote. I
lieve wit'.ih^hl the expression of my opinion in
the hop, , whn-h I haveenteit-iined to thoi.istheur,
that tiieie might be some modification, soniu ar~
r,v.vrr;ioent oi the measure by which I could coop-
crafj with my party. It would give me great
pleasure to sustain "the President in this and all
other measures; and far be it from me, Mr. Chair-
man, to say one hard word of him. All my incli-
nations are to the opposite direction. I decline to
call 111 question his motives, or to throw the faint-
est. shadow of suspicion on their purity. I con-
demn the piacticc, much too cormnon here, and
elsewhere, of assailing the molnes of our Ingh
public functionaries. It is unjust to them, and in-
jurious to us all, and we should be careful how we
