THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth coxgrksb, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1S58.
New Series, .. .No. 17.
And, sir, if it should now come to this that Nic-
aragua should so far forgot her Hag, and her own
honor and dignity, as to ask for the leturn of
Walker, my proposition would be to fine and im-
prison him, and then let Nicaragua do with him
just as it may please. That would bo just, and
would carry out, I think, thepolicy of the Admin-
istration.
And now, Mr. Chaimian, I desire to say a few
words as to the right of Nicaragua herself to com-
plain.
Speaking of the liglitofoue Government to enter
the territory of another, Vattel, a book of author-
ity on the law of nations, says:
" It cannot, then, without doing an injury to the estate,
enter, swoiri 111 hand, into a tcnitoiy m pui-mt of a ctnn-
mal, and take him fiom thence. This would be an invasion
of temtoiy, and an liijiuy to the toveieignty of such State."
That, sir, is the authority on the other side of
the House on this question. And how does it
affect the question before us? Why, sir, in this
manner: it follows that you have no right to enter
the territory of another, sword in hand; because
you invade a great principle of independent sov-
ereignty by so doing. But mark you, if you
enter that territory for the pmpose of austin nil ig its
integrity; if you enter it to preserve its life: if you
enter it to preserve it from violation and conquest
by an aggressor, a pirate, or robber; then, if you
enter the territory of another without its consent,
you have violated 110 principle of justice, sover-
eignty, or right, because you have done no wrong,
but have saved LUe life of its Government.
That is the doctrine, sii, which I lay down; and
now let me apply it to Nicaragua. The principle
is the same as in the common affairs of life. Our
police officers are hound to keep the peace; but
suppose they hear threatening^ of murder, or see
demonstrations for the destruction of human life,
it is then their duty to be on the alert; the dagger
is raised to strike; the officer steps on the soil
owned by the threatened victim, lias he no right
to enter there? Sir, our officers have the right to
enter upon the premises of another when they
go there, because it is their duty to save the life
of the individual.
Sir, we have entered Nicaragua in the discharge
of a higher duty;—to protect it from invasion and
subjugation, and that by an armed force from this
Government. We have done 11 at the request of
that Government, to save it from spoliation and
ruin. Will the man over whose head the sword
has been suspended, turn round, after his life 1ms
been saved, and say, (S Why did you enter my
grounds? Why did you come upon my prem-
ises?" The reply is," To save your life." " Ti ue,
you have saved my life. It was your duty; but
1 will prosecute you for coming on my ground."
That is the doctrine in relation to Nicaragua and
General Walker. But, sir, 1 wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to another fact, and then
ask them whether they wish this Government to
return Walker to Nicaragua or not. The Govern-
ment of Nicaragua have asked for Ins expulsion,
and now do they ask for his return ? No, sir. Our
Government has acted precisely in accordance
with the request of that Government, and they
are estopped by their own act from asking for his
return to Nicaragua. They have asked for his
expulsion, and this Government hd* acted pre-
cisely m accordance with his request. The Presi-
dent says they have not complaiaed. Who, then,
shall complain ?
But, again, can they complain ? If it was our
duty to enter tin ir territory to protect them from
aggression, then because of that duty we had a
light to enter, and we must have the means of pro-
tection. But it is sajd that Commodore Pauidina
entered the territory of Nicaragua in violation of
his duty. Sit, his duty was to anticipate and pre-
vent the carrying on of such pn expedition from
our shores. 1 ask you if it was not in accordance
with his instructions to stop and prevent that ag-
gression and tlif.l wrong r Sir, it was; and that
coniti not be dune by any other means. The act
winch he perfoimed was simply to prevent an
aggression and a wrong against Nicaragua. The
17
moment the expedition left our shores, he was h
carrying it on. The moment he reached Nicara- [j
gua he was carrying it on. The moment he |;
planted his standaid upon Nicaraguan soil, he U
was carrying on or executing an act which the 'j
President denominates robbery arfd murder. ji
Sir, Nicaragua cannot complain, and General .j
Walker cannot complain. Nicaragua lias not j!
complained. We have not invaded her territory; :j
we have simply taken a criminal winch they ||
asked us to take and return to our shores. He j!
was a criminal by lav,7, and we have taken him. |
There is no man who can say that the act was in I'
violation of any principle of justice or right. I,
Now, sir, if I am right in my deduction, I wish jj
to call the attention of the friends of the Admin- jj
istration to the position in which they stand. I ]'
want to know whether they are vaporing or not.
I want to know whether James Buchanan, the
Chief of the nation, was in earnest, when he boldly
declared his intention to arrest these murderers
and robbers ? I ask those gentlemen who sustain
hnn on this floor to answer that question. Where
is Walker, sir? Is he not within your jurisdic-
tion ? Wheie is he ?
A Membhr. In Richmond, Virginia.
Mr. KELLOGG. In Richmond, Virginia.
Well, sir, 1 heard a f>'W days ao,o that he was in
this capital. Now, sir, if Walker was an asr-
cressor, and if the President was risht wh'jn he
issued his instructions to Commodoie pc uldmg,
1 ask you why they did not arrest hnn when he
was within the jurisdiction and power of the Gen-
eral Government? lie was taken by an officer _
j of the Navy. My friend fiom Tennessee [Mr. ;
MayojajidJ said that he submitted to the tla<? of j
his country. I have great respect for the opinions j
of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee; but j
1 confess that 1 nave not been able to see a <j,reat !
stretch of magnanimous conduct in not running I
away when he had given hi* parol of honor, espe- .
daily as he could not get away if he would. j
But, sir, L was proceeding to say that when j
Walkcrhad been taken by Commodore Paulding, !
and brought to New York, he came into the hands t
of the m ushal of the southern distiict of New j
York. War-; tins Administration vaporing when 1
it denounced Walker es a jobber end murderer?
and if nut, why did they di^mi^s lrrn in pejuje, 1
when lie was m their power' \Yhv did the !?ies- >
ident and Secretary of Stale let him ;;o when
Marshal Rvnders had brought hnn to them ' The :
Piesident has told you that this man had com-
mitted dangerous crimes, lie was arrested by ■
our authority, and nnd'-r our jurisdiction. The
President has told you tins mormns: that the Gov- |
einment of Nienra^ua makes no complaint, and ;
still a gr.-at eiiminul, according to the language
of the President, is at huge nnd f<-asn>d. lie is
made a hon of, and if the Administration do not
well look to it he will put his paw upon their ■
head.
If the committee will bear with me I will read
what perhaps may be a solution of this mystery,
that this was but a m^*c pretense of honesty und ,
determination to maintain the rights of others,
which it was never mt- nded to eypcum. I behove
that there were two blund^is: the President of
the United States mistook the Commodore, and
the Commodoie mistook the President. The
President issn< d his order to arrest, but supposed
the Commodoie would binder, hut ful to find ,
Walker; but the Commodore, unlike n p<difienn i
who could find some ready excuse for not doing |
'i it, and like one m the habit of obeying orders, ■
■I thought the President meant just what he said,
| and arrested Walker and brought him back. 1 j
; read from Mr. Walker's letter, which was pub- ,
'jlished in the newspapers, and which has never j
been eontiadictcd: !
i-' T have tin1 hoeor to report fact5-' to 3 on. and to le- '
que?t that vou will cnu^o Commandei (1hatau! to cease tins !
u.'jii'M and liiciu! conduct. Ac a native of ill 11 "nited Slate-5. !
ein.f.u-d whai \ou'' Government adnnN to b;> akwiul j
uiideiiak',:'? and a\v:uu'.:r mrnt.- wl.icli cannot but coin- h
mend thrill Ivc-^ to the hi-si^e of uwiee ot nl! eivili/.ul na- 1;
Uniit-., I claim a> ni\ due 'hat you s-hall not permit the s-'ov- Jj
cieicntj" of Xieara^ua to Ik violated in the commando: of U
the Saratoga, for the nn.-pose of srirmfymg hi-4 opinions or
Ins piciudices. With full confidence, f a.ik from yuiir hands
that justice winch it is the proud boast 0; j oin Government
to avinwi to ail.
f have the honor to ho your ob'-dirnt teivrmi-,
<• WT LLLA?.! WALKER,
uCcmmavj'cr-:n Chu / >finry 0/ A"ica;a«w.
"Commodore II. Paulding, Unite* states
I do not know whether Walker intended to
brnnr the Administration into difficulty. He said
in his communications to officers of the Navy that
the Government admitted the justice of his en-
terprise, and the lawfulness of his undertaking.
If that be so, then the President meant nothing.
If it be not true, why then do they not arrest
j General Walker while he is in the jurisdiction of
i the United States' The country demands his
! arrest, and if the Administration be true to itself
and the country, the arrest will be made. I sup-
pose the furore is ail to be m debate and not in
action, and that Walker is to pass free.
I want to say another word in reference to ,
Paulding. I have suggested that Paulding was
on trial here; and do gentlemen know the char-
acter of Paulding? Does he know that he is an
able and efficient officer of the Navy, who has
fought the battles of the country ? Ho is an hon-
orable man, and from the stock that captured
Andre. He is the son of that John Paiddmg who
captured Major Andre during the revolutionary
struggle. Look now at his case uid the one simi-
lar to it, which I have refilled to. In the one
case, Congress, by resolution, voted a medal and
its thanks; and in the other, tin c<ise of Commo-
dore Paulding, foi ariesthiga man who u has been
said was a disgrace to the fhtg of the countryc.nd
a depiedator upon the rights of plm' end nations,
he 1^ denounced in the "Hulls of Confess. When
the people come to make up a record, when they
come to take action cm this sub if et. they wid look
at the question .is one of ^ood fritii and pisUce.
They will make the record of Commodoie Pauld-
ing as clear and bright as that of Ins father.
I have thus,Mr.Chairman, hrieiiydiscussed the
points in the case with a view to br±r>«c before tin5?
committee, the Administration, nnd the friends
of General Walker, the reietive positions winch
they occupy upon the record. 1 desire nothing
moie than that the nation's honor sh ill he maiR-
lained, and that we sha'l be true to out selves.
The United States should respt et the rights of
v.vnki r nations, as cms, if she were the weeker
nation, should like to be respei Th:S is cie-
maudetl by the country and the civmIiz-'J weald,
ami a is demanded m ju°Ure to C< manulo!e
Paulding and m justice to the Admuii^ual.-.i.: it-
se i r\
Mr. AlOORE obtained the fhmr.
Air. VEASivIN. I ask the gentlem «n from Ala-
bama to yield to m-1 n moment for a hred t>ersonaI
explanation.
Mr. MOORC. I v/nl yield if it is not taken out
of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be taken out of the
Vijdunan*s tune.
Mr. ITASK1X. I will be brief.
Air MOORhh I yield to the gentleman
Mr. I1A3K1N. Mi. Chairman, considering
the perv. rtcd use which was made on Thursday
last by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
Tiiaym"!,] and also by sv">me of the nev/spapeis
of* the country, of the figurative exptession in-
dulged in by me, m the course of son'" remarks
m the deft rise of Commodore Paulding. n}}r C()!1"
s.jtuent, that I was m favor of <k nitionai gj.ind
larceny," I deem it proper that J should occupy
the time of the House for a few minuter, in ex-
planation and reply to the gmin'on-ui from Mas-
sachusetts.
This expression was madvi in an argument to
illustrate an idea m reference t > the Walkei ex-^
pedition. It was an alternative piopositum. It
this Government did (and I hop--d .mil L.r-ued th'-y
would not) justify V/«lk"r and his exned.iion,
which I characterized as " a petiy kuc.-iiv mlau/'
then it would be far bettei for tm ei mm nt to
filhbuster on a large and a,iai-d s<. 1. .
The President hns ably and most justly clabo-
