1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2367
tleman's colleague says that he understands that
the riots in the city of Louisville originated from
the banding together of foreigners—not for the
purpose of taking; the polls.
Mr. BURNETT. I have stated the majority
which the American party had in that city. 1 will
now also state that they had control of every
branch of the city government; and that the Dem-
ocrats of the city of Louisville, one week prior
to that election, implored the city authorities, by
every consideration that should have moved men,
to take measures for the maintenance of order on
the day of election. If the Democratic citizens of
Louisville had been permitted to exercise their
rights of suffrage, my colleague would not have
come to this House with anything like the majority
he had. I speak from the testimony of gentlemen
of as high respectability as any in the city of
Louisville; and I have their testimony as pub-
lished.
I refer to the testimony of such men as the Hon.
James Speed, Mayor of the city; Hon. George
A. Caldwell, formerly a member of this House;
F. S. J. Ronald, present postmaster of the city
of Louisville; Hon. W. P. Thomasson, formerly
amemberof this House; Joseph B. Stewart, Esq.,
and fifty-two other sworn witnesses, citizens of
Louisville of the highest respectability. I want
my colleague to understand distinctly that every
statement I make in connection with this riot is
based upon the facts published at the time—the
well-authenticated facts—verified by such high
testimony as I have alluded to.
Now, let me call the attention of the committee
to another fact. My colleague says that men were
collected in houses with muskets m their hands.
I deny the truth of that statement, and I deny that
there is proof of any such fact.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does my
colleague mean to say that there was no evidence
to that point?
Mr. BURNETT. I will try and make myself
intelligible. The witnesses to whom I have al-
luded—among them the former sheriff of Louis-
ville, now the postmaster of that city—have pub-
lished the facts over their signatures. As to the
burning of Quinn's row, my colleague says there
were arms there. What does the evidence show ?
I tell you, gentlemen, that if the history of that
6th day of August in the city of Louisville were
written, it would constitute such a record asought
to provoke the special judgment of Heaven upon
it, as in the case of Sodom and Gomorrah.
There were two Irishmen walking alons; the
street. They had to cross Mam street. There
they met a band marching under what they called
the American flag, with the inscription upon it of
''Americans shall rule America." The cry was
immediately raised by this band of murderers and
assassins, " Move them ! move them !" These
two men, seeing the danger, fled, and were pur-
sued by this gang of ruffians. One of the men
reached the house inGLuinn's row, and sought
shelter in it, when the doors were shut against
his pursuers. The murderers burst the doors
open. They went into the house, and, as the
proof shows, after pillaging it m some instances,
they took men who had remained at home the
whole day for fear of violence, and who had not
attempted to vote, and, with their wives and child-
ren imploring for them the pity of their assassins,
they tore them from their families, murdered some
of them in the house, and permitted others to es-
cape, that they might be shot down as they ran
off. Not only men were murdered, butthe proof
shows that women and children were lost by rea-
son of the burning of the houses; for let it be lec-
ollected that after the assassins had gloated their
thiist for blood, they applied the toich of the in-
cendiary.to the houses, and destroyed them by
fire. The old man (Quinn) who owned the houses
had, on account of fear, keptaway from the polls,
and concealed himself in the third story of one of
them, with the hope that there he would be free
from the scent of the blood-thirsty villains who
gratified their brutal taste on that day by the
inuider of innocent victims. As the pursuers of
the men who escaped for shelter to his row came
upon his premises he attempted to escape, and
was handed a frock to disguise himself as a
woman. Thus disguised, he fWl from his house;
but the character of a woman was not respected
by the fiends—it mattered not to them what sex
fell by their brutal hands—and they murdered him
as he fled. This is a correct history of the burn-
ing of duinn's row.
My colleague says that these houses of the old
man Q,uinn were a perfect magazine. He is mis-
taken. The proof shows no such'fact. When
the ruins of the burnt district were examined, it
is true that the remains of some old muskets were
found. But the evidence shows conclusively that
they weie not loaded, and that they were not in
a condition to be used, even if it had been desired,
for the purposes of warfare.
Mr. Chairman, I will -now state another fact in
connection with this old man Q,uinn, which will
show his peaceable and inoffensive disposition.
But a short time before he was murdered, and his
property destroyed, a gang of these Know Noth-
ing fiends had stoned his house, broken in his
windows, and filled the whole neighborhood with
terror. He, being a peaceable and quiet citizen,
appealed to the Mayor of the city to protect him
against such outrages. The piaycr of the old man
was disregarded, and the sequel is a bloodycom-
mentary upon the criminal negligence which has
characterized the Know Nothing officials every
where, m refusing the means to protect the pub-
lic peace when aggressions upon it by the^-uffians
connected with their own party were calculated to
promote their success.
My colleague speaks of explosions. There were
none except of the guns in the hands of these out-
laws, who were shooting down quiet and inof&n^
sive citizens. ipr
Strange, Mr. Chairman, if these riots were pro-
duced by the "combination of foreigners," as
stated by my colleague, that but one Know Noth-
ing was killed on that day, and he by his own
friends, who accidentally killed him by mistake.
I referred to the two men who were crossing Mam
stieet, one of whom fled into Quinn's ro.vv. The
other lied in an opposite direction, and was pur-
sued. He made his escape through a store. One
of these assassins followed him into the house,
and in coming out was mistaken for the Irish-
man, and was killed. This was the only member
of the American party who was killed.
I will not detain the committee with a detailed
statement of all the outrages and murders which
were committed on that day. It would require
more than an hour to do so. If my colleague
wants the facts, i will furnish him the testimony
which I have here, and which I would read if I
had time.
Mr. Chairman, the Know Nothing police of
Louisville on that day made no effort to check
the riots. They arrested none of their own par-
tisan friends, who had commenced them. The
surviving victims of the fiendish assailants were
the peculiar objects of their official vigilance.
They seized one man, nearly dead, and were car-
rying him to jail. He could not walk, and had
to be lifted by the police. In this condition he
was followed, whilst m the hands of the police, I
by a gang of outlaws, one of whom kept sticking j
him with a pitch-fork, to make the feeble man, j
to use his own terms, {< walk." j
Mr. Chairman, to show that there could not ;
have been any "foreign combination" to incite j
these riots, I will state that at the election m the ;
May previous, at which clerks, sheriffs, &c., were j
elected, the adopted citizens were then driven from j
the polls. This intimidated them from attempt- j
ing to vote at the election subsequently, and they j
declared that they would not vote in the succeed- j
ing election unless they could have the assurance |
of protection from the city authorities. This de- i
termination was represented by the Democratic '
party to the Know Nothing officials, and urged
upon them as a reason why they should take some i
steps to secure a fair election; but a deaf ear was ;
turned to their entreaties, and the riots followed.
The Louisville Journal gave public notice of |
these intended riots. When George D. Prentice
goes to the courts above he will have to bear his .
proportion of the blood shed m Louisville on that
6th day of August. Some days before, he pub- .
lished an editorial of the most incendiaiy char- ;
acter, in which he clearly and fully foreshadowed J
the scenes that followed on that 6th day of Au- 1
gust. He stated that Americans must vote, but
that foreigners would have to be vciy careful not
to jostle the elbows or trend on the toes of Amer-
icans, or words to that effect. I have not the pa-
per; but the article was of a most incendiary i
character. I
Mr. Caldwell says he went to the polls on the
morning of the 6th of August, before breakfast;
that he voted; thata peaceable, quiet,and inoffen-
sive German citizen, who had lived "in Louisville
for a number of years, came to the polls with a
Democratic ticket in his hand, when'there. was
immediately raised the cry of "move him!"
" move him !" They drove him into the court-
house. He was compelled to make his escape
from that place—fled for his life—was overtaken,
and brutally beaten.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to go any further
into the history of these riots. It is a record of
horror, to which, as a Kentuckian, I refer with
regret. It has cast a blot upon the history of
Louisville which time can never efface- It has
done more to check her prosperity and growth 9
than any conceivable calamity which could have,
befallen her. Before the introduction of Know
Nothingism within her limits she was marching,
with rapid strides, on the high road to prosperity.
She is now, with the incubus which its fruits has
imposed upon her, struggling to regain the ground
which she has, on account of it, lost. Many years
of time she will require to recover that which she
once had, but has now lost, by the curse which
the initiation of this party visited upon her.
Mr. Chairman, I stated, in the offset of this
discussion, thatit was not my intention to go into
the question as to what party was responsible for
these riots. My colleague, by his statement of
their history, forced a tiuthful investigation of |
them upon me. I have given the history, so far f ,
as I could, within the short time allotted to me. Jtf
I will now say to my colleague that, whenever
he may desire to go into an investigation, to'as-
certain the proper responsibility for these riots,
I am ready to m^et him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. The House, m committee, is
acting under a special order upon the District of
Columbia. Now my point of order is that this
debate is not pertinent to the bill under considera-
tion, and therefore not in oider.
Several Members. Too late for that now.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the committee rise
for the purpose of going into the House to close
debate upon this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the Committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Hopkins)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly Senate bill (No. 99) to
amend the " Act to incorporate the Columbia In-
stitution for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind," approved February 16,1857, and
had instructed him to report the same back to the
j House with the recommendation that it do not
i pass.
Also, that the committee had had under con-
sideration the bill of the House (No. 248) to reg-
ulate the municipal elections in the city of Wash-
ington, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GOODE. The bill which has been re-
ported back from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is for making the blind
see and making the deaf hear melody. I hope it
will be the pleasure of the House to put it upon
its passage, and I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question orden^l to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. —
ELECTION BILL CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. GOODE. I now move that the usual res-
olution to close debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon House bill (No.
243) to regulate the municipal elections in the city
of Washington, in five minutes after the commit-
tee shall have resumed the consideration of the
same.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GOODE moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
