1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
by. them, if; with it, they had fallen into the fol-
lies of free-love associations, of spiritualism, and
the thousand infidelities which prevail in New
England. Remote from crowded cities, engaged
in agricultural pursuits, compelled, in their soli-
tude, to study the great book of nature,gathering
information at church, in the jury-box, at the
political hustings, and in the practical business of
life, their store of knowiedge is/not always scant;
but this above ail, they have not been contam-
inated even by the suspicion of corruption, and
always make the best, the bravest soldiers in the
world.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat [Mr.
Thayer] taunts us with the want of that com-
merce and manufacturing industry which we.have
so long assisted the North in establishing. It is
another illustration of our freedom in the past
from sectional jealousies, as it is also of our fond
illusion that we had yet a part in David, and an
inheritance in the-son of Jesse.
. And why, let me ask, should there be perpetual
strife between us? Why should this relentless
war be waged against the South? Does not the
chief product of our slave labor keep in motion
the spindles of Massachusetts, and crcate there
an increased demand for your labor? We offer
you a market for your manufactured goods, em-
ployment for your ships, and encouragement to
your ship builders. Every additional plow which
is driven into the soil of Alabama, and each cargo
that is landed at Mobile, give an increased im-
petus to your various manufactures.
The time was, Mr. Chairman, and at no remote
period in our history, when the Representatives
of the people, from the various sections of this
Union, were wont to meet together to consult, to
deliberate for the welfare of a common country.
Party feeling might, at times, run high; differ-
ences might arise as to questions of domestic or
foreign policy, or as to the true, construction of
the Constitution; but in these things all were
agreeu—namely, in recognizing the binding ob-
ligations of the Constitution in all its parts, in
attachment for the Union, and in reverence for
the decisions of our judicial tribunals. What a
change has taken place in a few years! Ranged
on opposite sides and pitted like gladiators, the
Representatives of one section^re arrayed against
those of the other. But little has been heard dur-
ing the four months of the session save violent
philippics, day after day, against the South, her
people, and her institutions, and occasionally re-
crimination and retaliation on the other side. The
stormy sessions of the National Assembly of
France scarcely indicated more hostile feeling be-
tween the different parties than has been mani-
fested here.
If what wc see here is a reflex of the state of
feeling -smong the masses of the North, then it
require., no prophet to tell that this Union cannot
much longercndure. The crusade so long preached
against the South has, it seems, maddened ami
estranged the North, and has at last aroused the
South to the dangers that menace her.
What a change here, too, in a few short years!
A little while ago, and the young adventurer from
the North would often seek his home in the South,
and, when deserving, never failed to meet with
friends, with promotion, and advancement. The
distinguished gentleman who sits before me, [Mr.
CIuitmanJ — the Chevalier Bayard—"without
fear and without reproach," and whose military
and civil services have won for hnn a national
fame, stands a shining example of this; so do the
honorablcgentlemanfrom Missouri, [Mr. Cbaig,]
and the honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] and many in distinguished po-
sitions all over the South.
Then the southern man and the northern man
could kneel at the same altars and meet around the
same communion table; but now the slaveholder is
accursed in the estimation of these Pharisees who
" have stolen the livery of the court of Heaven to
serve the Devil m," and his presence would pol-
lute theiraltars. Then kindly intercourse existed,
and the mutual interchange of friendly, if not fra-
ternal feeling. In those days, we of the South felt
that the Hancocks, the Otises, and the Warrens
of the North, belonged ai.iie to us; and that then-
glory was also a part of our inheritance. Our
youths then went to your renowned institutions
of learning, without feeling, as they now would
have too much cause to do, in some of them, at
least, that,they were the veriest hot-beds of trea-
son and fanaticism. Then the southern man felt,
as he stepped his foot upon the free soil of the
North, that he was still within his own land and
•among his brethren. He wandered over her bat-
tle-fields, read the monuments of her heroes, and
exulted in their glorious achievements.
Our pulpits, our work-shops, our factories, our
legal and medical professions, our school-houses,
all were open to, and many were filled by men from
the North. They often married and dwelt among
us, thus addingnew links to the chain that bound
theUnion together. Some,after being treated with
kindness and hospitality, encouragement and pat-
ronage,in theiryouth, have returned to the North
to stir up strife and ill-will between the sections.
Prominent among these is a distinguished Senator
of New York, who in early life was thus kindly
treated and patronized while pursuing the honor-
able profession of a teacher in a rural district in
Georgia. But all kindly recollections of his early
days, if any he ever had, have long since been
effaced from his memory; and his life has been
spent in fomenting sectional strife and ill-will, and
in seeking to overturn the institution of slavery,
which, he knows, if successful, would result m
ruin to the black as well as the white race, and
in a disruption of the ties that bind together the
States of this Union.
I chanced to hear him recently exulting that
there was a North side and a South side in that
Chamber and in this—a northern party and south-
ern party. Sir, no love of country prompted that
exultation; for he knew too well that, wherever
tried, emancipation had proved to be a failure;
either bringing speedy destruction and ruin upon
the land where they had been thus emancipated,
resulting in the massacre of both races, regai dless
of ageor sex, or, by their slower but not less sure,
decay and ruin in the lapse of time. His motive
was not prompted by patriotism, but by reckless
ambition. I never see him, with his bland smile
and Oily Gammon manner, that I am not re-
minded of Milton's description of one of the fallen
angels:
" ltulial, m act more graceful and humane
* ■* * *• * '-he fcccmcd
Fur dignity composed and high exploit*
liut all was false- ami hollow; l.lioiu;'. ins tongue
Dropt manna, and could make the worse appear
The better reason, to perplex and dash
Matuiest counsels ; lor Ins thoughts were low ;
To vice industrious, hut to nobler deeds
Timorous and slothtui."
A few persons, like the ill-used individual men-
tioned by the gentleman from Illinois the other
day, who was banished from the city of Mobile,
abuse the kindness which has been extended to
them. How well it becomes that gentleman to ex-
press such heartfelt sympathy for the slaves of
the South, when his State will not even allow a
free negro to tread upon her soil ! If one should
do so, he may be seized and sold into servitude,
lie sympathizes deeply with the hard lot of our
own sleek, well-fed,contented,and happy slaves!
But the free black can say of that gentleman and
Ins Siate: " I was an hungered, and ye gave me
no meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink;
I was a stiangcr, and ye took vie not in,- naked,
and ye clothed me not; sick and in prison, and ye
visited me not."
What has brought about this great change to
which I have before alluded? Upon whom rests
the heavy responsibility ? Is it upon those who
wage this unjust, unholy, sectional war against
their own countrymen ? Or is it upon those who
have stood up and defended their section when
assailed, opposing argument to argument, meeting
taunts and insults with scorn, and threats with
defiance ?
The Abolition party was for years few in num-
bers and altogether contemptible. But wicked
and ambitious men united with it, and drew to-
gether in one solid mass the odds and ends of all
the old parties—proclaiming for their watchword
hostility to the South and'her institutions. They
seek to array one section against the other, hoping,
when that is accomplished, from being superior
in numbers, to get the control of the Government
and hold the South in complete subjection. To
effect their unholy purposes, the South is abused
and misrepresented. Their orators, their presses,
and even their pulpits, are employed in foment-
ing strife and ill-will by continual denunciation,
ridicule, taunts and threats, to wards the South; a
fair sample of which we have just heard from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.Thayer.]
These bad men, to gain their ends, have shown
that they-do not hesitate to trample under foot
the Constitution, -and nullify the solemn enact-
ments of Congress made to carry out its express
provisions, and wholly indifferent to the conse-
quences which may flow from their rashness.
The President of the United States, for daring to
oppose their unholy designs, notwithstanding his
venerable years, his eminent position, his unsul-
lied public and private character, is traduced
and vilified, his motives aspersed, his patriotism
questioned, and he openly and falsely charged
with resorting to corruption and bribery, to in-
fluence the legislation of Congress. The Supreme
Court, too, of the United States—the highest ju-
dicial tribunal known in our country—composed
of men distinguished for their learning, their ex-
alted wisdom and virtue, whose luminous decis-
ions have added to the national reputation; whom
the people reverence and respect for their firm-
ness, their impartiality, and the unsullied purity
of their lives, because they will not perjure them-
selves and mold their decisions to suit this fa-
natical party, is to be annihilated, or reformed,
as they say; while the individual members, in-
cluding the venerable Chief Justice, are denounced
as vile, corrupt, and debased.
For years we of the South have patiently borne
these wrongs and injuries. We have warned the
people of the North of the inevitable consequences
which must follow these attacks; but, with reck-
less indifference, they still pursue their course of
madness, folly, and wickedness. They pretend
to think that we of the South will tamely submit;
but say, if we should resist, that they will whip
us into submission. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnkworth] intimated the other day that
hemp would be used to crush out this spirit of
resistance, if any should be .manifested. Great
Britain threatened this against the thirteen Colo-
nies, all of them, be it remembered, at that time
holding slaves; and the gallant Hayne, of South
Carolina, was actually hung: but was the proud
spirit of the Colonies thereby subdued ?
Talk about subduing a sovereign State of this
Confederacy! of whipping her into submission !
What folly! What kind of a Republic would
that be, I should like to know, where one portion
of it had to hold the other in subjection by force?
A Republic it might be in name, but in fact it
would be a pure, unmitigated despotism.
Mr. GILMAN begged to interiuptMr. Moore,
by asking how it happened that all the threats of
separation have proceeded from the South ?
Mr. MOORE. Sir, I deny the correctness of
this assertion, and point to the fact of the Hart-
ford convention, assembled during a war waged
for the protection of New England citizens, and
in the face of an enemy threatening our coasts.
It has never been under such circumstances that
the South has chosen to vindicate her violated
rights. When the defense of your country, the
honor and glory of your empire, were involved,
you have nowhere found more obedientand more
emulously patriotic citizens. Do you a^k me for
instances of northern insubordination ? Look to
the nullification of the laws of Congress by Mas-
sachusetts and her surrounding States. When
South Carolina threatened to resort to this rem-
edy, she was to be dragooned into submission;
when the boasted land of the Pilgrims exerts it,
it is perfectly consistent with law, order, and con-
stitutional obligations.
It is openly proclaimed that they intend, under
no circumstances, to vote for another slave State.
They would crib and confine us to our present
limits, saying to us, " thus far shalt thou go, and
no further;" knowing that ruin must thereby, if
not speedily, yet sooner or later, overtake our fair
land. Growing more insolent of late, they boldly
proclaim that they intend to rule and govern the
South, and thus allow her people none save a mere
nominal participation in the administration and
control of public affairs. Some, more daring than
the rest, openly declare that their purpose is to
crush out the South; destroy the institution of
slavery, and make her a dependent province—
make her sons " hewers of wood and drawers of
water" for northern task-masters. And this is to
be the doom, if their designs arc consummated,
not only of the slave owners, bat of all the freemen
of the South.
