2368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
LANDS OF THE CHRISTIAN INDIANS. j
A message was received from the Senate by !
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, requesting the
House to return to the Senate the bill (S. No.
323) to confirm the title of the reservation held
by the Christian Indians, and to provide a perma-
nent home for said Indians.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the bill
be returned to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand this
bill has been referred to a committee. I sunppse
it will be reported back without further action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it will
the be duty of the committee to return the bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD.. The Committee on In-
* - dian Affairs instructed me this morning to repot t
'the bill back to the House, and I shall hand it
over to the Clerk of the House to be returned to
the Senate.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. GOODE moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Onion,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
4 WASHINGTON IWNICIPAL ELECTION BILL.
Mr. GOODE. I will not detain the House with
any sp.eech. I desire to get along with the busi- ,
nests,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. There was i
something which fell from the gentleman from;
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] and, as I am a mem- j
ber of the American party, I propose to answer :
it 
Mr. WASURTTRNE, of Illinois. I insist on '
the point of order, that the gentleman's remarks
are not germane to this hill. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the j
remarks are not m order. It is m order to refer ;
to a riot which may have resulted from former j
laws, but it is not in order to go into the organi- 1
zation of putties. Nor do the persons who par- |
ticipated and were killed or wounded in a riot
form a proper subject of debate on this bill.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Dvvts, of Maryland, to the amendment of
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, requiring a resi-
dence of two years after naturalization, and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Marshall, ot Kentucky, requiring one year's
residence after naturalization.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 offer an amendment.
The CI lAlRM AN. Doea the gentleman pro-
pone to amend what is proposed to be stricken
out ?
Mr. THNGHAM. 1 do not.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will be
first taken on the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was rejected.
M r. BIN Gil AM. I submit, the folio wing amend-
ment:
Add at the end of fii-t section •
I'ruvidcd further, That any citi/.en of the United £lruo«:
resident wit Inn -.aid Di^tiid lor tempoiary putpo'-e- otilv, or
who r-lia't h.i\e the intention to'rcmove lioiusaid Ih^tuct
when he -iiMI have peifonned any tempmaiv en<ra<;eimMit
\\ itiim -aid i)i-i lift, or upon tin11emanation of Mich ensure
liifiiK or >hail have voted witlnn one \eai ne^t piocedin<?
an\ election in said ai which -uch loulent oilci?
to v>n<-, iu ,iuv othei Teiuloi} <>i State, -hall n<>t he deemed
a if-id"nt citizen within the meaning ol tin-, act. pio-
irHl.'d fvrlh"i\ That upon I lie challenge of any citizen oi -aid
J>i.-tiift, ;mi\ peif-on olK'Hiiy io vote at am election theiem,
s--h.ilI be required to an-wm upon oath, to he administered
bv one ot me counnHMonei- oi said election, whether Mich
challenged person h te-idm^ m >aid 3>i-tiiet f'oi tempoiaiy
pU!po-e-\ vvli.-riiui m ' h p< i-on intend-; to toniovo fioni said
J)i- met when ,ui\ enira'.'cment ol Midi pet-on so challenged
t-iiali have been d"et<. mined ot peifoimed. and whethet such
chaUerjeii jjei -:<n I 'a within one >e.u next piecedinj: -nch
chaileu'jff . vori.d at anv eh'-'tion in any other Teitiioiy oi
ttute; and, ifany pes -on ..Kill knowingly swear falsely in
the pieini-cv. lii* shall, upon indn tnienf nnd conviction
in- i ( o' hetui * any eotm compelenr t<  try the sam-i, he ad-
judged amity <>t \\ liliui and con upt peijuty, and he punished
accniduifily.
Mr. REAGAN. I have an amendment which
comes 111 before that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Texas that his amendment
will be in order after this isrdisposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. This amendment, as the
committee will observe, makes no distinction be-
tween a native and naturalized citizen, and is,
therefore, not subject to the objection which was
urged in reference to the amendment to the first
section offered by the gentleman from Kentucky.
My amendment treats all citizens alike. The ob-
ject of the amendment is to guard the polls in
this District against the fraudulent votes of those
who are here only for temporary purposes, and
at the time are resident citizens of other States or
Territories. The amendment, as the committee
will also observe, excludes from the privilege of
voting at any election within this District, all
persons who are resident here, but who have,
withm one year next preceding the election, voted
in any other Territory or State. I submit that it
is a provision well calculated to guard and protect
the elections in this District, irrespective of party;
and, so far as it may accomplish that end, it will
save the city from those disreputable riots which
have heretofore disgraced the city, and which, in
my judgment, have resulted more from attempts
to oast,fiaudulent and illegal votes than from any
other cause whatever. At all events, whether it
will have the beneficent effect of preventing vio-
lence or not, one thing is certain and clear: that,
if carried out faithfully and honestly, it willguard
| thffc people here against illegal and spurious votes,
i Mr. Chairman, there is another pomtto which
I wish to call the attention of the committee. Tins
amendment does not leave the guardianship of the
ballot-box exclusively to the commissioners of
election, to whatever party they may belong, but
confers upon the bona fide citizens of the District,
irrespective of his political opinions, the right to
challenge any man who offers to vote, and who,
at the time, is believed not to be a bona fide resi-
dent of the District.
1 think that the amendment ought to be adopt-
ed, for the reason that it excludes that class of
peisons who aie here for temporary purposes,
and have the intention to leave as soon as these
purposes are determined, whether it be one year,
or two, or five years, and who, at the time, are
resident citizens of another Territory or State.
Absence from a State, for temporary purposes
only, does not deprive a citizen of his right to vote
upon his return. I am sure that that is the law
of my own State, and I do not hesitate to say that
it is the law of eveiy State of the Union. For
example: if n citizen of Oluo, now domiciled in
Ohio, comes here and undertakes any temporary
engagement, to continue for tluee or five years,
wnh the intention to return to that State when
that engagement shall be determined, during its
process he can go to Ohio and vote, even though
lie may have been continuously absent irom that
State, and temporarily resident here, for more than
one year. I doubt not they have the same law in
Virginia and Maryland, the States adjoining tins
Disti ict. The object I had in view m Iramiug this
amendment was to meet the objection which the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Da\is] so elo-
quently uiged herc5atyueh great length, and with
such great force, against what he supposed would
be the legal effect of the bill as it stood, in allow-
ing mere temporary residents to vote down the
permanent, bona Jide citizens of the District, and
contiol the election. I t.-ust, sir, the amendment
will meet the approbation of the committee, and
will be incorporated m the bill.
Mi. GOODE. 1 must express the hope that
theldouse will disregard the amendment, and re-
ject it. It is not to be expected that any person
having the authority to decide, will decide that a
man may vote m the District of Columbia upon
a residence main fide obtained. Who come here
expecting to return to their native State5 None
of the clerks in the city of Washington come here
expecting to go back to their former homes. They
i come here expecting to make this their permanent
home, so long as they can get a position which
will enable them to live; and when they change
their residence, they are just as likely to go to the
western world as to their original homes. To ex-
clude these men who abandon their former homes,
would belike excluding from the nghtof suffrage
every man m any State who should move from
one county to another in the same State, or who
has not a permanent interest m the soil.
The aigument of the gentleman from Maryland
went to the extent that none but holders of real
estate could be regarded as permanent citizens of
the District of Columbia; because his argument
excludes even all those who have personal estate
to a large amount. A man might have $3G,00G
worth of property in his house, and pay taxes
upon it all, and yet, by the gentleman's argument,
be excluded because that property is personal. If
you intend to do justice between man and man,
and that a man shall coiyie here and exercise a just
influence in the community in which he has fixed
his residence, and where he intends to live as long
as he has the means of living, you will allow the
clerks to vote, because they are just as permanent
as any other citizens in this District, except the
holders of real estate; and I presume no part of
the House will insist that the right to vote shall
be confined to the holders of real estate. Such, I
admit, was once the law of Virginia, but it has
been condemned by the good sense ofthe country,
and the country has adopted residence as the ev-
idence of a common interest in the community m
which persons live, and have dispensed with the
evidence of holding real estate, as a qualification
for a voter.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Binciiam; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by strlclnjjout in lines nine and ten the words,
"vagrants, paupers, felons, and persons non
compos mentis excepted; "and insert, in lieu there-
of, the words:
Pei-onswho may have been declared variants and pau-
pers by the pi oper amhoiiticj-, and those who may have been
so convicted oi' lelotues, and pei&ons non compos mentis ex-
cepted.
By the terms of this bill every white male resi-
dent of the city, of twenty-one years of age, &c.,
vagrants, paupers, felons, and persons nnn com-
pos mentis excepted, is allowed to vote. The ob-
ject of my amendment is to disembarrass the du-
ties of the judges or inspectors of elections. The
terms of the bill, as it now stands, may lead the
managers of elections to conclude that they are to
be the judges, upon facts presented to them at the
time of the election, as to who are vagrants, pau-
pers, felons, &c. Such a course might lead to very
great delay. If an individual were challenged at
the polls on being incompetent to Vote, btcause
he was a vagrant, pauper, or felon; if there was
no separate tnbunal to take cognizance of that
question, the managers of the election would neces-
sarily have to suspend the election until they could
adjudicate and pass in a hurried, ex parte manner,
upon the fact. If my amendment is adopted, in-
stead of embarrassing the managers of the elec-
tion with determining the question, the matter
will be devolved upon a separate tribunal. It des-
ignates a class of persons upon whom the man-
agers may pass judgment immediately—persons
who have been deflated paupers, &c., by author-
ities who have the power to pass upon that ques-
tion. That will disembarrass the managers on the
day of election, and leave them fiee to procced
with the election.
Mr. GOODE. I suppose no person will be held
to be a felon until he has been convicted of felony,
or to be non compos mentis until a commission has
so pronounced; and as to paupers and vagrants,
it is to be presumed that they are m the poor-
house.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to offer
an amendment, to insert, after the word " years
in the ninth line, the words " not exercising or
claiming the right of suffrage elsewhere," so that
ii will read: k' from and after the passage of this
act. every free white male resident of the city of
Washington, of the age of twenty-one years, not
exercising or claiming the right of suffrage else-
|j where," &c.
ji Mr. GOODE. I would accept that if I had the
1! power.
'! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope, sir, the
|; amendment of the gentleman from Virginia will
I' not be adopted by the committee. I think ltvio-
I' lates rights of citizens of this country m this:
ii there is a compound relation upon the citizens of
■ | this country—one to the Federal Government, the
I other to the State government,. This District
| being the property of the Government, and ifs ac-
!' tual existence, when we come into it we should
, be entitled to all the lights of other citizens of the
j. United Slates—whilst here the obligations are to
i the Federal Government, and the protection should
