1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
believe,) those unfortunate sailors, thus east on
our short s, were returned to their native country,
to their homes and friends, at the expense of the
Government.
The conduct of Commodore Paulding, Mr.
Chairman, cannot be justified by the law of na-
tions; it cannot be justified by the law of the United
States, it cannot be justified by the Constitution
of the United States, nor can it be justified by his
instructions. And, sir, he committed the act delib-
erately. If he had committed i( in ignorance or
upon a sudden occasion, without time fordcliber-
ation, it would furnish some excuse or palliation
for his conduct. I say, sir, that in the history of
theGovernment, from its foundation to the present
time, there is not a parallel to this outrage, as I
believe.
They refer to Captain Ingraham and General
Jackson. X like to see men assume responsibility
when the occasion calls for it. I applaud them as
much as any man can. Every American ap-
plauded the conduct of Captain Ingraham when
he took ICoszta and defended him from the au-
thorities of Austria. What were the circum-
stances under which he acted ?
Martin Koszta, an humble individual, invested
with our nationality, was seized, without law, in
a foreign port, by Austrian officials. Captain In-
graham, true to his American heart, prepared his
ship for action, and determined to rescue him,
even at the cannon's mouth. He did rescue him;
and for that I give him credit. But it is said that
the territory of another nation was invaded. Not
so. The authorities of that nation, in that port,
had stood by and refused to throw their protec-
tion around Koszta. They stood by and saw the
Austrian authorities take him by violence and
imprison him. It was right, then, for Captain
Ingraham to take the responsibility of rescuing
him. The cases do not bear comparison. One
was in defense of an American citizen, while the
fast was in direct violation of the constitutional
rights of American citizens.
It is said that General Jackson took the respons-
ibility of marching into Florida: so he did. It
was to punish the enemies of his country. He
saw at the fort of Barrancas, near Pensacola, float-
ing side by side, the flags of Great Britain and
Spain, and saw the authorities there furnishing
the Indians with arms and ammunition, and afford-
ing a place of refuge for those who were commit-
ting outrages upon our territories. He marched
his army there and took possession of their fort.
Ho did right. He took the responsibility at New
Orleans in declining martial law, which step every
American citizen applauds. That was a case where
responsibility ought to have been taken. That,
too, was done to protect American citizens, and to
protect that city from falling into the hands of the
British and being sacked and pillaged.
The Congress of the United States can alone
declare war. This arrogant commander, clothed
with a little brief authority, takes the war-making
power into his own hands. He not only makes
war upon William Walker and his followers, not
only lands his force in Nicaragua, and in martial
array surrounds Walker and compels him to sur-
render—an offense for which he should be recalled
at least, or censured—but he also commits a gross
outrage in invading the soil of Nicaragua. Talk
to me about the example of Walker, talk to me
about the honor of our country, I tell you that
viewing the conduct of Walker and that of Pauld-
ing, the latter is most deserving of our censure.
I speak not of the motives which influenced them.
I look upon the act of Commodore Paulding, and
the example which he has set, as one fraught with
danger to the perpetuation of our liberties. I say,
sir, that if this act is sustained in an American
Congress by the representatives of the people,
and an American officer is permitted with impu-
nity to take the war-making power into his own
hands, the consequences will be ruinous. How
soon will it be before some other will, like him,
take the responsibility to do a like unlawful act?
" 'Twill be recorded for a precedent;
Ami many uii enoi, by the same example,
Will ni-i] into tlie State.''
It becomes us to mark with our signal displeas-
ure and disapprobation the first dawning of an
attempt on the part of one branch of the Govern-
ment to invade the powers delegated to another.
My respect for our present Chief Magistrate is
too great to allow mo to suppose that he would
desire to make any encroachments upon the legis-
! lative department of the Government, by himself
I or by his subordinate officers. If we would pre-
serve from violation the chart of our liberties, we
should sternly oppose any officer of the Govern-
, men t,from the highest to the lowest, who attempts
| to usurp powers not conferred upon him.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Groesbeck] referred to the conduct
of Mr. Fillmore towards those unfortunate Ameri-
can prisoners taken in the expedition of Lopez,
who were shot by the Spanish authorities in Cuba.
It was an unfortunate allusion for him. Who
does not remember that when those unfortunate,
but brave young men, with the noble Crittenden
at their head, were taken, and without the sem-
blance of a trial, shot by the Spanish authorities,
what a thrill of horror was felt 111 the country?
The American Consul, Mr. Owens, was con-
demned for not attempting to save them. Mr.
Fillmore was blamed for denouncing them as
pirates and outlaws. That consul, though a wor-
thy gentleman, has ever since remained in retire-
ment, with the heavy censures of his countrymen
resting upon him, though he claimed to have
obeyed the instructions of his Government.
And how is it altered now, Mr. Chairman? A
gallant little band of fifty men—the same number
that fell with Crittenden m Havana—was left by
Commodore Paulding, without reinforcements to
succor them, in the Fort of Castillo, which their
valor had won; their supplies cut off, and they
surrounded by an overwhelming forcc of the Costa
Ricans and Nicaraguans. With the next tidings
may come the news that these men may have
shared the fate of the gallant Crittenden. _
I have just had handed to me by a friend an
account that Anderson and his command have been
taken prisoners by an American vessel. It is
said that the President gave 110 instructions au-
thorizing Paulding's illegal acts, and that he has
since disapproved of his conduct. How disap-
proved of it? For so violent an outrage how has
the displeasure of the President been marked ?
By a recall? by a trial? by a court-martial > by
suspension from command' No, sir; by a simple
declaration that he was unauthorized, and acted
beyond his instructions in what he has done. Is it
not remembered here that when the British Gov-
ernment repudiated the conduct of Mr. Crampton
but refused to recall him, how we with one accord
sustained the President in demanding his recall?
The British Government refused to exercise that
power, and our Government dismissed him; and
I say that so gross and violent an outrage as that
committed by Commodore Paulding demands at
least his recall and censure.
Let the President excuse him if he so wills; but
I say it becomes us, it seems to me, as the repre-
sentatives of the people, jealous of our and their
rights; having sworn to support the Constitution
of the United States which he has wantonly vio-
lated, to vote resolutions of censure of Commo-
dore Paulding, not for vengeance, not to dishonor
him, but for the example. Honest as he may be
as a private citizen, faithful as he may have been
in the public service heretofore, we should mark
our disapprobation of his act as we would con-
demn and oppose any unwarranted assumption
of power or authority 011 the part of any officer of
the Government. It is for these reasons that I
would censurc him.
Commodore Paulding, we are told, is the son
of that true patriot who arrested Andre, the British
spy, and whose patriotism was proof against the
! tempting offers of British gold. While it is hon-
orable to be thus descended from so noble a father,
yet I hope it will not be contended on this floor,
thatanyman, no matter how honorably descended
he may have been, can claim any exemption from
punishment when he tramples under foot the laws
of his country.
The rights of American citizens ought not to
be infringed with impunity. The citizen of the
! ancient Roman Republic, in whatever land he
! might be, no matter how the hand of power was
, sought to be laid upon him, could stand up and
| proclaim " I am a Roman citizen!" and forthwith
j he found protection m his rights, and his person
] was considered inviolate. Shall it not be so with
an American citizen? Should he not at least be
entitled to the same protection, with such a con-
stitution as we have, guarantying to him his rights
in so solemn and so sacred a manner ?
By what law, what authority, I ask again, did
Commodore Pauld ing arrest Walker and his men
in the Republic of Nicaragua? It was the law
of might. It was the law by which Alexander
untied the Gordian knot, by severing it with his
sword. That was the law by which he endeav-
ored to get over the difficulty which seemed to
surround him. Walker iiad escaped from this
country. lie had eluded the vigilance of the offi-
cers and had landed in Nicaragua. The published
correspondence shows that these naval officers
sought a quarrel with Walker—sought an excuse
for doing what they at last did, without cause
and without excuse.
Failing in this attempt, he resolved, in the pleni-
tude of his might, to land upon Nicaraguan soil
and capture Walker and his men, and send them
home prisoners of war. The decision we may
make on his conduct will be referred to long after
we shall have passed from the busy stage of ac-
tion. It will stand as a beacon of warning or
as an example to encourage military and naval
commanders to violate the law and the constitu-
tion of their country. Pass over this gross viola-
tion of the law, indicate no censure of Commo-
dore Paulding's conduct, and then we show that
prejudice against Walker, against filibustering,
submission to party spirit, or some other cause,
has blinded our judgments.
Mr. Chairman, I honor the American Navy.
Though small in number, I believe no corps of its
size in the world is more efficient, or composed
of better material. Its officers, for the most part,
are intelligent, skillful, brave, and patriotic. Its
achievements 111 the past furnish the brightest
pages in our country's history and afford a guar-
antee of what we may expect from that arm of
the service hereafter, should our country be again
involved in war. I regret to think, that by such
an occurrence as this, the high estimate in which
it has been hitherto held may in some degree be
abated: for the people of this whole country, who
love liberty, who are jealous of their rights, will
think with me, that if such lawless usurpations
of power are to go unpunished, it had been better
that we never had a navy afloat on the ocean—
better far that our commerce had never found its
way to the distant isles of the sea—than for these
dear-bought liberties to be endangered or de-
stroyed.
Mr. THOMPSON. I desire to offer a few ob-
servations on the question before the committee.
I believe the question arises on the proposed alter-
ation or repeal of the neutrality laws of 1818. If
the gentleman who last spoke [Mr. Moore] is -
correct in the principles which he lays down on
this subject, then these neutrality laws need no
repeal, because his whole argument has been ex-
hausted in the attempt to show that Commodore
Paulding had 110 authority, by virtue of instruc-
tions from the President or by virtue of the neu-
trality law, to arrest Walker. Now, in the ex-
amination which I propose to make of this case,
let me first state the facts, to see if we are agreed
upon them, and let us then deduce those princi-
ples of law which they are supposed to embody.
I suppose that the facts of the case which have
given rise to this debate, may be briefly summed
up. William Walker, in 1856, goes to Nicaragua
and obtains some foothold there. In a short time
(his arms and ammunition are, however, soon
wasted,and his men are decimated by the climate
and by the evil habits which an army of plun-
derers always engender) he is brought home,
promises good behavior in future, is afterwards
arrested and put under bonds to keep the peace,
especially in regard to this matter of the invasion
of Nicaragua. In a short time, however, he goes
south, collects one hundred and fifty-seven or one
hundred and fifty-eight men, goes back to> the
scene of his former exploits, his triumphs, and his
defeats; there organizes an army, and appoints
his colonels, his captains, his lieutenants, his ser-
geants, and their assistants, and takes forcible
military possession of one or two towns belong-
ing to a neighboring nation, with which we are
at peace. And this he does, announcing to the
world in the very act of invasion and possession,
that he does it as a conqueror, and because, as he
maintains, he possesses authority to do it. And
he says then, and since, in his letter to the Pres-
ident of the United States, that he will hold that
military occupation against all comers.
Now, our Government having, by a friendly
