260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
interposition, rescued this man from the peril in
which he had formerly placed himself, endeavors
honestly, as we will suppose, to restrain him and
his comrades, and to prevent them from landing
again in Nicaragua; and orders are sent out for
that purpose, which I will examine in a moment.
They land, however, under the very guns of our
ship; and the officer who permitted that landing
is censured. Commodore Paulding, supposing
that he was thereby carrying out the orders given
to him, steps on shore, arrests the commander
and his force, and brings him home for trial. He
is conveyed to the city of New York; and the
United States marshal of that district brings him
on, by easy stages, to the seat of Government.
He walks with him into the office of the vener-
able Secretary of State, and says, " Your servant,
Mr. Cass! I deliver up to you General William
Walker." The bland Secretary bows, and says,
" I am not the national jailor! I have nothing to
do with Mr. William Walker;" and that indi-
vidual forthwith walks forth to see what new
phase fortune has turned up for him. He finds
himself not without sympathizers even here in the
Capitol of thenation,andamong the sworn friends
of the Executive.
Gentlemen, even here in the national councils,
offer resolutions implying censure upon the Pres-
ident and the officcr by and under whom this
man was captured. Suddenly, from a felon, Wil-
liam Walker becomes a hero. From a reckless
outlaw, guilty of robbery and murder, he becomes
a second Moses leading a nation from a wilder-
ness of difficulties into a land of promise. From
a scourge and curse, he becomes a pioneer of civ-
ilization^ pattern of good government, and a
benefactor of his race. v Honorable members de-
clare here, that a great wrong has been done him,
and talk openly of giving him indemnity. Na-
tional vessels are to be employed to carry back
these men to the scene of their former peril?, and
their outraged dignity is to be appeased by in-
demnity to be received at the hands of the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, what does all this mean? Why all this
excitement, so instantaneous and sudden and
deep, about an event which, at any other time,
would have excited only a smile of derision or
contempt ? Sir, it indicates that there is a div ided
sentiment in this House, and in this nation, upon
a great principle, as to what shall be the character
of the future civilization of this continent; whether
it shall be martial or peaceful; whether it shall bo
by conquest or by colonization; whether it shall
bear the olive branch, the plow, the spade and
the ax, or whether it shall hear the sword, the
rifle and the bayonet; whether it shall hold its
empire by the force of armed legions, bringing
their wealth from the labors of unrequited toil, or
whether it shall spread over hill and valley the
school, the college, and the church, with all the
elements and agencies of civilization and refine-
ment. Tn fine, shall we begin now to imitate the
despotisms wc have defeated and disproved, or
shall we pursue the high eareer of moderation and
good faith which lias hitherto characterized us?
These are questions, sir, which we are bound to
settle here and now, upon our responsibility, as
wise legislators and honest men.
Now, sir, I regret that 1 have not the time on
this occasion to discuss the meiitsof these antag-
onistic systems, and show their influences upon
the invader and upon the people invaded, upon
the character of their laws, their institutions, their
literature, their philosophy, their social life, and
their political characteristics and manifestations.
All that 1 can now do is simply to show and at-
tempt to prove that William Walker is not a
pioneerof that civilization of which we, as Amer-
icans, arc proud; but of that coarser, ruder, semi-
barbarous civilization which obtains its foothold
by force and maintains it in defiance of law, upon
plundered liberties of the people it conquers and
enslaves.
Now, sir, in the first place, was Walker guilty
of the crime of which he stands charged ? In
order to settle this we have only to ask one ques-
tion. Did he start to go to Nicaragua with the
intent to make a hostile demonstration? Now,
sir, in order to obtain a conclusive answer to that
question, we have only to take the letter of Walker
himself Walker generously and manfully scorns
the apologies which have been offered for him be-
fore the nation in this House. He declares, in a
letter addressed to the President of the United
States, that he intended, from the very moment
when he was taken from the soil of Nicaragua, to
go back, and go back as a conqueror. He says:
" Let me remind you of the fact that from the moment we
touched our natal soil we protested against the illegality and
injustice of the act, and declared our intention to return to
the land whence we had been wrongfully brought. Every-
where, befoie tne functionaries of the Government, in the
presence of assembled multitudes of the sovereign people,
we declared that no effort should be unused in order to re-
gain the rights wrested from us by fraud and illegality.
" With a regular register and clearance we supposed when
once on the high sea* that we weie beyond the possiblein-
terference of any United States authority; for even if we
were admitted belligerents against a Power with which the
United States was at pcace, the owneis of the neutral vessel
had a clear light to carry warlike persons, as well as con-
traband of war, bubject only to the risk of capture by the
enemy's cruiseis.
" While we were being embarrassed by the action of the
Saratoga we had notbeen idle. Colonel Anderson—who iiad
seived hi* native countiy throughout the Mexican war—at
the head of fifty men, had ascended the rivei and gained pos-
session of the stionghold winch in the last centiuy had for
days defied the genius of the pt oudest naval name m British
annals. Not only this, but he had regained possession of
valuable American property.
" And as long as our faith in light endures, and our con-
fidence in the God of our fathers remains unshaken, so long
shall we use all just ■ind proper means to legdiu what has
been wiongfully wiested fioin us."
Now, sir, Walker's letter repudiates the ex-
cuses which l ave been made for him. He places
his defense upon two grounds. First, that they
were citizens of Nicaragua; and secondly, that m
going in a neutral vessel they were exempt from
seizure upon the high seas, except the danger they
might incur of seizure as contraband before re-
gaming the shores of Nicaragua. He does not
claim that they went there without arms in their
vessel. He does not claim that they went there
not intending before they went to set on foot a mil-
itary expedition. And taking the answer which
he furnishes to the question by his own letter,
there is no difficulty whatever upon the subject.
It has been pretended here by gentlemen upon
this floor that this is a case like that of La Fayette,
who came here to aid us m our struggle for inde-
pendence. Why, sir, General Walker does not
put it upon that ground, nor is there any similarity
between the two cases. It is admitted by writers
on national law, that when the parties have begun
a struggle for the possession of a Government,
that othei persons may go in and aid one or the
other as they may please; and if General Walker
had gone to Nicaragua for any purpose like this,
no one would have the right to oppose him. But
he went there—how? To assist a party engaged
in such a struggle? No, sir, he went there as a
conqueror, to subvert all authorities and to assume
the reins of Government. He went there just as
Cortez went to Mexico, just as Pizarro went to
Peru.
Why, sir, we have aided other territories in the
same way frequently. We aided Greece when
j the spark of liberty again burned in the bosom of
| the dwellers of that ancient cradle of art and song,
j We aided Mexico when she was struggling to
I throw olF the yoke of the oppressor. Walker
j claims-to have set his foot upon the soil of Cen-
[ tral America, not for the purpose of assisting one
i or the other of the contending parties, but as a
! conqueror of all parties. 1 say"that he was guilty
j by both codes; by the code of international law,
I which is binding upon him; and he was guilty of
' also violating the law of 1818, commonly known
■ as the neutrality law of the United States.
i Was he a citizen of Nicaragua.? and, if so, does
, that fact excuse lum? Or is the other pretense
! set up by him valid, that having passed into that
; country, we are to be estopped, by that fact, from
■ arresting him there? In regard to the first propo-
! sttion, 1 need only ask this question. Will any
gentleman tell me when, where, and in what Nic-
, araguan court William Walker declared ins m-
| tention of becoming a citizen? Will any gentle-
; man tell me where his papeiswere taken out?
■ where his oath to support the constitution of Nic-
; aragua is filed or registered?
! Sir, he took an oath in Nicaragua as William
, the Norman took it when he invaded England.
That oath was written with the point of his sword
j in blood and carnage; and that oath was to sub-
vert, and not to sustain ! Talk about William
j Walker being a citizen of the State of Nicaragua!
' He never was a citizen of that State, and no record
| can be produced to show that fact? here or else-
! where.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
gentleman mean to assert that any record is neces-
sary for naturalization in Nicaragua?
Mr. THOMPSON. Walker being a citizen of
the United States, it is necessary for him to prove
here, when he maintains that he subsequently
became a citizen of any other State, not only the
fact, but the process by which he became such. I
call for the proof!
Now, sir, in reference to this fact, I will advert
also, to what was mentioned in the very able ar-
gument made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Groesbeck,] upon the floor yesterday—an argu-
ment which 1 consider perfectly unanswerable on
the propositions discussed by him. The sixth
section of the neutrality act does not confine itself
to citizens of the United States. The language of
the section is; "Any person who shall set on
foot" these military expeditions: be he Turk or
Jew, Christian or heathen; no matter from what
country he started, no matter to what nation he
owes allegiance, any person who sets on foot such
an expedition, is amenable to the law. And there-
fore it can be of no consequence whether William
Walker at the time was a citizen of the State of
Nicaragua, provided he organized that expedition
and intended to carry it on while he was a citizen
and within the jurisdiction of the United States.
The President says that the great object of this
law was to save foreign States with whom we
were at peace from the ravages of those lawless
expeditions proceeding from our own shores.
Let me dwell a moment on the second propo-
sition. Being a citizen of the United States, and
having with him one hundred and fifty-ei°ht men,
also citizens of the United States, exposed to the
penalties of a breach of this neutrality law, if ar-
rested within the marine league, or if arrested upon
the high seas, did the fact that he succeeded in
reaching those shores exonerate him from arrest?
So far from it, that having to the extent of his
power not only " set on foot," but " carried on,"
this unlawful expedition, he only commits an overt
act, the proof incontrovertible of the intention with
which he set out; and, if indicted and tried by
twelve men, they could not leave the jury-box
upon this proof without pronouncing him guilty.
Why, sir, if he had been arrested by Captain
Chatard in the Gulf of Mexico, before he arrived
at the scene of his exploits, or within the marine
league, as the gentleman has said, what evidence
would the commander of the Saratoga have pos-
sessed that he intended to violate the neutrality
laws? I wish any gentleman to point out that
evidence to me. There they were without arms,
without ammunition. The papers were all regula/.
Everything was fair and right on the face. There
would not have been a particle of evidence upon
which he could have been punished lor a violation
of the neutrality law, Ji'he had been arrested be-
fore reaching Nicaragua.
Hut I cannot see, as some gentlemen do, that
the President acts consistently in this matter,
when ho orders that he shall be prevented from
landing; and when he actually landed, and was
taken by the force of the United States, that he
shall be left to go free. I think that the Admin-
istration are hound to have this man prosecuted
for this invasion of the rights of a neutral Power,
one with whom we are at peace. I think we are
bound to have him tried by a jury of his country.
What I desire to say on this point is, that Ins
criminality does not lie in the place of his arrest,
but in th;U which he did prior to it, and for which
he was arrested. Why, sir, the rogue who broke
into the house of my colleague [Mr. Ci.aric, of
New York] the other night, and robbed him of
his property when he was absent, might as well,
when he was arrested and brought to trial for that
act, say, " It is true, I did this; but the officer
who arrested me had no star upon his bosom; he
had no warrant from a magistrate, and no com-
plaint had been made." Why, sir, the fact of his
guilt is all that we look for; and the mode of his
arrest is a matter of no consequence whatever.
I say, then, that the President is right in assert-
ing that he is criminal, and that, the principle is
sound; that, provided he be arrested, it is a mat-
ter of no consequence whatever that it was within
the Nicaraguan sovereignty. In my judgment,
under the circumstances of this case, it is of no
consequence whatever, while Nicaragua does not
complain, whether the technical letter of the law
has been conformed with or not; and as the Pres-
