2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
•i
resolution passed closing debate on this bill. I
demand tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
Ijot agreed to.
The question then recurred on the question,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee ?M
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative; there being, on a division—ayes
92, noes 26.
The motion to strike out the enacting clause
was agreed to; and the bill was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was abill (H. R.
No 274) to reimburse the corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, a sum of
money advanced towards the construction of the
Little Falls bridge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What was done
with the preceding bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It was laid aside, to be
reported to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What right have
the committee to do that, when, by striking out
the enacting clause, the bill was rejected?
^ Mr. HILL. I move that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The Clerk read the bill before the committee in
extenso. It appropriates the sum of $ to
repay the corporation of Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, all moneys heretofore advanced
by the said corporation for and towards the con-
struction of the bridge over the Potomac, at the
point known as the Little Falls. And the said
corporation of Georg^own, by accepting the pro-
visions of this act, shall waive and surrender all
further claim or demand on the Government of
the United States, founded on any advancement
of money or other thing towards the object herein
specified to any other purpose whatsoever. This
act to commence and be in force from and after
its passage.
The report states that in March, 1853, $30,000
was appropriated by Congress for the construc-
tion of a bridge over the Potomac river, at a point
known as the Little Falls, and the work was
placed in process of construction, under the di-
rection of George Thom, captain m corps of topo-
graphical engineers. In the fall of 1853, when
the work had been prosecuted near to completion,
the appropriation was found to bo exhausted—the
sum of $30,000 having been expended—and it be-
came necessary to suspend operations until other
funds could be procured applicable to the objoct.
It was supposed that several months must pass
before an additional appropriation could be ex-
pected from Congress; and the abandonment of
the work, in an unfinished condition, at the ap-
proach of winter, must expose it to serious injury,
while its suspension would involve a necessity
for a sale of the stock on hand, by which the
Government would suffer a heavy loss. To avoid
these evils, the officer in charge, on consultation
with the Secretary of the Interior, applied to the
corporate authorities of Georgetown to advance
$5,000, which would enable him to continue his
operations, and carry forward the bridge to a
condition in which it might be used for travel dur-
ing the then following winter. This proposition
was acceded to, and, by several acts of the corpor-
ation, the sum of §5,800 was placed to the credit
and subject to the order of Captain Thom, to be
expended in the construction of the Little Falls
budge, his assurance being given, with the con-
sent of the Secretary of the Interior, that the
amount should be reimbursed to the corporation
of Georgetown when the further appropriation
should be made by Congress. It also appears
that some hen on the stock on hand was executed
in favor of the corporation of Georgetown, as a
security for the reimbursement of the amount
advanced; but it is believed that nothing was re-
alized by the corporation from this lien, the en-
tire stock having been applied to the uses of Gov-
ernment. In August, 1854, Congress appro-
priated a further sum of $35,000 for completing
the bridge; but a serious accident had befallen it,
which created a necessity for the appropriation
of a large sum, and the corporation of George-
town postponed its claim for immediate payment,
unwilling to delay the completion of the work;
accordingly, the sum of $13,800, part of the ap-
propriation of $15,000, was applied towards the
completion of the bridge, leaving a balance of
$1,200, which was applied towards the payment
of the sum of $5,800, leaving the sum of $4,600
due to the corporation of Georgetown.
Mr. GOODE. I move to fill the blank in the
bill with the sum of $4,600.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to reduce the amount
of the amendment one dollar. I am opposed to
this bill entirely. From the reading of the report,
it seems that this sum has been expended for the
especial benefit of the city of Georgetown; and that
some twenty or thirty thousand dollars besides
have been paid by the Government to build this
bridge—a bridge m which the people of George-
town have more interest than the people of Wash-
ington, and a greatdeal more interest than the re-
mainder of the people of the United States, who
are called tipon to pay this money. I think we
have gone quite far enough in making appropria-
tions for this District. We are not only paying
their municipal expenses, but we are constructing
and maintaining all their bridges. I deny our right
to appropriate money for these objects. These
people should be authorized, as are other people
in the country, to defray their own expenses for
these purposes. I hope the bill will not be passed.
Mr. GOODE. I merely wish to say that this
bridge is situated a mile or two above George-
town, within the District of Columbia. It is a
work which was undertaken by act of Congress.
Over it the city of Georgetown had no control.
Congress made an appropriation for the original
construction of the bridge, and we subsequently
appropriated $5,000 more to complete it. The
appropriation being exhausted, the city of George-
town loaned the money in order to provide
against injury to the structure already finished.
There is no pretense that the money has been
paid.
Mr. KELSEY. My opposition to the bill is
that this improvement has been made out of the
national Treasury for the benefit of the city of
Georgetown. This portion at least should be a
charge to that city.
Mr. GOODE. What right has the gentleman
to charge this against Georgetown without their
consent? Who does not know that Georgetown
did not undertake originally the construction of
that bridge? It is a bridge, not in Georgetown,
but m the District of Columbia. Congress went
on in the construction of this bridge, and under
adverse circumstances the appropriation became
exhausted, and Georgetown advanced $5,000 to
enable the bridge to be completed. If ever there
was a bill which ought to be passed, this is one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
Congress, some years ago, appropriated $30,000
for the erection of a bridge across the Potomac at
Li tile Falls, above Georgetown; and put it under
the charge of a superintendent or engineer. Ho
went on and expended the money that Congress
had appropriated for the work; but that did not
complete the bridge. Then the people of George-
town, in the absence of all law, advanced the
amount of $5,000, provided for in this bill, to the
engineer. He then went on, and finished the
bridge.
Mr. KELSEY. I think the report states that
there was a subsequent appropriation of $1.5,000,
in addition to the $30,000.
Mr. J*OiNES, of Tennessee. I have never fa-
vored these appropriations exclusively for the
benefit of this District, out of the Treasury of the
United States, where they were not for the ben-
efit of the Government, in consequence of the Gov-
ernment being located here; and, sir, I have not
been m the habit of favoring appropriations of
money to reimburse officers who, withouf law,
have gone on and incurred expenses on their own
responsibility. Upon these grounds, 1 shall not
vote for this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to furnish
a little information which gentlemen over the way
do not seem to possess. This budge over the
Potomac—notin Georgetown, norwithin its juris-
diction—-is one of those impiovements which the
Congress of the United States undertook many
years ago to keep up. They have at different times
appropriated $30,000, $15,000, and $75,000 for
this bridge. The bridge is finished, and it is a
magnificent monument to the justice and wisdom
of Congress. During the progress of that work,
Georgetown, having no more to do with it than
the gentleman from Massachusetts, except that it
is one of those great avenues which lead to her,
appropriated, at the instance of the public agents
—those agents whose conduct has been approved
since by an appropriation of money—purely in
the spirit of kindness and liberality, the sum ne-
cessary to put the work in such a condition as that
it would not suffer injury until an appropriation
could be made by Congress. Will you reimburse
the money of which youliave had the benefit, in
a work for which you have since appropriated
$75,000?
The question was taken on Mr. Kelsey's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Goode,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffin^on
and Peyton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
POLICE FOR "WASHINGTON CITY.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was abill
(H. R. No. 478) to establish an auxiliary guard
for the protection of public and private property
in the city of Washington, and repealing all acta
heretofore passed in relation to that subject.
Mr. GOODE. That bill has already taken up
much of the time of the House, and will probably
give rise to a long debate. I hope it will be
passed over.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over.
LIGHTING OF STREETS.
A bill (H. R. No. 540) for the lighting with
gas several streets across the Mall, was next taken
up.
The bill, which appropriates $6,400 for laying
down gas pipes, and erecting gas lamps on Four-
and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets, across
the Mall, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
LAMP-POSTS FOR GEORGETOWN.
The committee next proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 27) relative to the
erection of lamp-posts m Georgetown, District of
Columbia.
The joint resolution appropriates $810 for the
purpose of erecting thirty lamp-posts in George-
town, from the western termination of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, through Bridge and High streets.
m Mr. KELSEY. I would like to know why it
is that the General Government is to be charged
with erecting lamp-posts in Georgetown? I sup-
posed that some part of the municipal expenses
was to be borne by the people of the District
themselves; and it seems to me that this certainly
ought to be.
Mr. DODD. This is merely to light Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
The joint resolution was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
A bill (H. R. No. 541) in relation to a railway
through Pennsylvania avenue, m the District of
Columbia, was then taken up for consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that I was
not present when the Committee for the District
of Columbia authorized this bill to be reported;
and I hope it will be laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. GROW. If it is going to give rise to de-
bate, I suggest to the gentleman from Kentucky
that it be passed over on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
that.
The CHAIRMAN. It is for the majority of
the committee to decide what bill they will take
up.
Mr. GOODE. I move to take up House bill
No. 568.
