1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
Ident quotes the golden rule from Scripture to
show the foundation of national law, in fiis letter
to the Senate on this matter, I will imitate him so
far as to say that sometimes the " letter killeth,
while the spirit maketh alive."
Commodore Paulding, therefore, is justified by
the higher law, by the spirit of hisordeis, and by
the spirit of national law, in effecting tins arrest;
and also by the circumstances of this ease, which
are so peculiar and so anomalous, that if they had
no precedent they need none. The President
thinks he transcended his instructions*, but [ think
he carried out the spirit of those instructions; nor
do I see that he violated the letter. Sir, I honor
the common sense of the brave tar who goes right
to the mark and accomplishes that for which he
was sent, without balancing nice points of na-
tional etiquette, and without splitting1 hairs when
he should be delivering a broadside. These del-
icate lines of conflicting jurisdictions are better
left to the adjustment of those who live in the en-
joyment of that peace and prosperity which our
brave and gallant Navy has earned for up.
But, sir, the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] who introduced this subject to
our attention, sounded high notes of alarm. He
saw impending perils and would hasten to avert ,
them. He says, on this subject: I
"There are three important questions which a:*3 to lx> j
coiibideied ; tir#t, in rof'cience to the lights of Walker and ,
his men; speoudiy, in refeionco to the lights of IVicaiasua;
and thud, it appcats that one of oui ou a oilkeis, wlietlici ■
with or without the aultioiitv of the President, ha*, at the ,
head of a laige bodv of armed men, jmne into a tepitniy 1
which doe* not belong to the. United Viatel, and e.n:;e<l j
away, hv force, one oi two numhed peK-oii;-. Tin*, \vjil j
BUike eveiybody at> an act of wai."" !
And so said the last ^ontloman who addressed 1
us. Now, sir, I shall proceed very briefly to pay
my respects to each of these propositions in their
order. :
First, in regard to the rights of Walker. What ;
do they turn out to be? If the President be cur- !
rect in wh;it he has communicated to upon tins ,
subject, and if history does not he, the rights of ,
William Walker arc, to be arrested and tried by ;
a jury of his poors, if they can be found in this !
country. His rights are, to be defended by com- !
petent counsel, and to be cleared before a jury; j
otherwise, to suffer the penalties of the law. That j
is the extent of William Walker's right m this .
matter. i
Now, sir, in regard to the rights of Nicaragua ;
I had taken an extract from the letter of the IV] in- ;
ister representing that Republic, which has been ,
adverted to by the gentleman who has addiess< d
us this morning, [Mr. Kelloc.^,] renin stim>; Sec-
retary Cass, on the 14th of September last, to :
give positive orders to our vessels of war, lying ;
at or near the San Juan del Norte, to prevent the
landing of the filibusters on that coast, as trans-
gressors of the laws of this country, and as dis- '
turbers of the peace and security of friendly na- ;
tions. ThegentlcmanfromOhio [Mr.GrtousBECK] I
said yesterday, that wherever a country did not 1
complain, wherever we knocked with a friendly •
intent, there we had the right to enter. By the :
extract to which I have referred, I show not only ;
that the country does not complain, but that they •
positively requested the interference of the United
States Government for the purpose of protecting 1
their shores from this armed invasion. Why", |
sir, suppose I see an individual coming towards
my piemises with hostile intention, and [ cry out 1
to my neighbor to prevent him from coming in, j
and lie, pursuing him with hot haste, crosses my i
threshold before he is able to arrest him: would !
it not be quibbling with him should I say, "true, j
I asked you to interfere, but I did not ask you to
come into my premises, you crossed my thresh- !
old, and have committed a trespass upon my
rights1 " Is that the kind of reasoning by wluoh
we settle great national rights and naiioiial prm- .
ciples? By no means. Not only is license to be
presumed m this case, but the license is actually I
given, and*is upon the records. j
But, sir, in regard to this as an act of war. I 1
have heard of various ways of levying war. I '
have read in Kent and other authors of i he various
modes in which war is levied—by a declaration of '
the war-making power;bygivmg'aid and comfort '!
to an enemy; by commissioning privateering upon 1!
the high seas; and by sacking and holding towns ]|
and villages belonging to the enemy. But I have n
never heard, and I think the civilized world is yet 11
to learn, that when our officers are pursuing a
criminal in a foreign territory, and doing it m pur-
suance of a request of that territory, that act is
an act of levying war. War on whom? War
on Walker as a man ? Why, that is a w <u which
a magistrate always declares against a felon. Not
a war upon Walker, surely. War upon Nica-
ragua? Certainly not, when we step upon her
shores for the purpose of protecting her from the
power and arms of an invader who escaped from
our shores. Did we make war upon any interest
of Nicaragua? Did we take her property, or at-
tack her ports? Certainly not. Where is the
war, then ? Sir, I see no speck of war. Gentle-
men's visions may be keener than mine; they may
see war painted all over the dim southern sky, ;
but to my eye all is tranquil and serene. That i
tropical land sleeps by day luxuriously beneath ;
its fervid sun, and by night under its pale south- J
ern cross, as if neither war nor rumors of war i
hod ever disturbed its profound quietude.
But the gentleman is troubled with other diffi- '
cuities. Great Britain will find this out, and then ;
she may do whatever she pleases; and he fears '
this is a breach of the Ciayton-Bulwer treaty. j
Will gentlemen point me to*a section or line of
that treaty which this aircst is supposed to vio- ■
late. 8u , it cannot be done. Why is one nation i
prohibited from invading another's territory?'
Simply because it is an invasion of national sov- :
ereignty; and also because, in most cases, there I
exist tieaties between different nations for the [
rendition of fugitives from justice. But, in this :
case, our criminal might he too strong for their ;
sovereignty, and might become a criminal by his :
attempted subversion of the very Government;
and they therefore owe us gratitude and not cen-
sure for our interference in their behalf. ••
Sir, the course of this df bate indicates that there
are three parties m the House, and m the coun-
try. The fii*t is composed of tho^e who are not
afraid to call ihoimrlves " nation.d filibusters." ,
The term is expressive, if not classical. They :
go foi conquest, dominion—theft (shall I say ? not '
m an offensiw sense) on a grand scalc—whole- \
sale robbery. They despise all petit larcenies as i
mean and mercenary. But, with them, crime be* ;
comes virtuous by aggravation; deviltry grows
angelic by bulk—a single murder is ignominious-, 1
but if thousands perish, it is glorious. One ma-
rauder is a felon; but five hundred together become ;
patriots. Sir, I am afraid that this doctrine has
been learned in the school of the Ostend manifesto. ■
1 am afraid, sir, thai it is only the efflorescence— :
the budding out and the fruit—of the doctrine
winch some gentlemen find m that notable docu- :
inent. If the fatluns of the llepublicpreaeh heresy i
of that description, what may be expected from ;
the children, even though they come fumi my
iinii\e State ? If the fathei s «*at such sour grapes,
why, the. children's teeth will be, of course, set on
edge. Well, I suppose that his Excellcncy the j
President has receded from those doctrines; be- [
cnuse, in this last communication that he makes
to us, he has gone back riom doctrines of national
obligation to the moial law and the golden rule! i
But, sir, there is a second party which believes
in the legitimacy of both public and private plun-
der. They see nothing wrong m either They
believe that, fortune favors the sharpest and the
quickest; that if the victim be foreign, and the
plunder be land, the laws of good faith and of
national morality are inoperative; that the world
is one greatfield of adventure, where the sharpest
sword and the boldest front wins the day. They
see no distinction between private and public ma-
rauding, and nothing reprehensible m either. Of
the two schools J respect this last the most, be-
cause it has no affectation of a morality which it j
neither behoves in nor respects. ;!
But thank God there is yet a third school which i
believes in a peaceful and Christian and repub- ;!
lican propagondism; which looks to the sdentand j
serene march of commercial, social, industrial, ;t
and moral force** for the spread of our civilization !'
and the prevalence of our principles; which is not !!
deceived by the pride and pomp and circum- ',\
stances of war, but sees its aggravation, its bor- .'!
rors, and its license; whose insight traces through It
all history and discovers throughout all time the .
great truth that justice and good faith can alone ;
build up a lasting dominion and give permanence :
to empire. So far from abolishing our neutrality j
laws,! would uphold and vindicate them in every ■
letter and in every line. I would play no farces
by keeping the letter and violating the spirit—I
would honor and thank, and not reprimand the
brave officer who crushed out the sin and the
danger without treating very politely the sinner
These laws do not stand in the way of a just,
peaceful, and permanent civilization, but are pre-
ventive only of rapine, violence, and blood.
Mr. WARREN. Mr, Chairman, I have not
sought the floor on this occasion with a view of
entering at any great length upon the discussion
of these exciting topics which have engaged the
attention of the committee since the commence-
ment of this Congress. It is true, sir, that I never
refrain from the expression, unqualifiedly, of my
opinions when they are properly formed on any
subject; and therefore I propose, incidentally as
it were, to allude to the questions that have been
discussed by gentlemen on this floor since the
commencement of this Congress, with a view ulti-
mately to discuss one in which my constituents
and my section of the country are directly inter-
ested.
In regard to the discussion that has taken place
to-day, and for several days past, touching Nica-
ragua and Walker, and the action of our naval
officers, I propose to say simply this: I propose
to give my opinion as far as it is formed, and no
further. When that matter comes to be acted
upon definitely, I will doubtless have my opinion
formed; and if so, I will be as prompt in express-
ing and acting on it as any other gentleman on
this floor. That Commodore Paulding—in the
language of the Chief Magistrate of the nation, and
of distinguished gentlemen who have addressed
the committee—acted in the arrest of Walker
without authority of law, and that he did wrong
in so acting, I have no hesitation in saying un-
qualifiedly. The President has gone thus far; and
i think that, when the President wont, that far, he
went far enough. 1 would not attempt to dictate
to this House; but I think that, when gentlemen
go beyond that with the lights befoie us, they go
too fur. What ought to be dohe with Commo-
dore Paulding, I am not now prepared to say.
That his action should be commended, I am pre-
pared to deny; for no naval or other officer who
goes beyond the authority vested in him by law,
should ever be commended by the nation. Never!
And why3 Because it sets a bad precedent. I
care not what may have been the motive of such
officer: I care not how pure and honest, patriotic
and upright he may be; when he transcends the
authority vested in him by law, I think the Amer-
ican Congress should not commend his act. But
what should be done with Commodore Paulding?
That is a question on which I do not propose to
express an opinion on this occasion,
What should be done in regard to Walker, is
another question 'which has been discussed at
! some length. Gentlemen hold different opinions
j and Inne expressed d.fferent views in regard to
] this matter. Mr. Chairman, I am not now pre-
I pared to give an opinion touching that subject. I
; would say this, however, to the Democraticmem-
| hers of the House, because t believe it to be true
> in point of fact, that it is the duty of every Dem-
! ocrat—I care not whether he hails from the South
I or from the North—to be extiemcly cautious how
[ he touches this matter. There is nothing easier
! than to put a plank in the platform of the Op-
; position paity unless caution is observed. It
| may bo expected, and gentlemen would naturally
j expect, from the long time that I have lived in
i Arkansas, that I am an unqualified filibuster.
I Well, sir, in one sense of the term i am an un-
■ qualified filibuster; and yet, when I say that, I
I will violate no law to accomplish any object.
[ Therefore, I soy, I decline expressing my opm-
! ion, so far as I may be concerned, as to what
i should be the action of the South in reference to
! Walker and his men. When that question comes
j up legitimately; when a proposition comes up to
i reinstate Walker, or to indemnify him, 1 trust I
1 shall be prepared to act upon it. And, sir, when
a prooosition comes up to modify our neutrality
laws,'I shall be prepared to act upon that, also.
But, sir, it strikes me that it is not only possible,
but probable, that statesmen and members of Con-
gress may express opinions upon questions with-
out mature deliberation.
But, sir, I did not design to discuss that ques-
tion, or any otherof the topics that have thus far
engaged the attention of the committee. I might
