1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13*7
these outrages has been filed in the archives of this
House and spread before the nation. Two mem-
bers of the present House [Messis. Howard, and
Sherman of Ohio,] are deserving the thanks of
the country for their successful efforts in expos-
ing that atrocious conspiracy against the elective
franchise. The Blue Lodges of Missouri vomited
foitb their bauds of adventurers and terrorists to
overrun and confiscate, os it were, an entire Ter-
ritory, trampling under foot all law, justice, and
right. The subsequent horrors in Kansas nat-
urally flowed from this first irruption of the bor-
der ruffians. It was these same men who after-
wards, in the Territory, lighted the torch of civil
war; who murdered the tree-State men in cold
blood; who covered the smiling prairies with
bones and corpses, and who sundered all the ties
which usually unite men. Hut time will have its
revenges; and the authors and participators m
who would challenge the respect of the country. 1
Robert J. Walker was appointed Governor, and !
Frederick P. Stanton Secretary, of the Territory. '
They were both southern men, and of course, i
" national Democrats," who had efficiently and i
successfully labored to elevate Mr. Buchanan to 1
t.'."c Presidency, and who were aidont supporters
of his Administration. Their appointment im-
plied the fullest indoisement and confidence of
the President ami hi? Cabinet They were held
out to the woihl as honest, competent, and just
men, who could be relied upon to administer the
, affairs of the distracted Territory fairly, honor-
■ ably, legally; holding the scales of justice even
; between contending parties. AIL their acts would
I be entitled to full faith and credit, and implicit
confidence could be reposed in all their statements
■ in relation to matteis connected with their officia
' duties, They entered upon the duties of their
these great offenses will peiish before time shall i icspective offices with a thoiough and complete
have effaced from thnirforeheadsthestigma which .] understanding with the Administration as to the
the hand of crime has there imprinted. general course of policy to be pursued. Governor
A peculiar fate has attended the Governors of
Kansas—they have all fallen under the hatchet
of the guillotine, worked by the administrations
that appointed them. It should be observed that
these Governors were all appointed as friends of
the Nebraska bill, and good <k national Demo-
crats," who went to the Territory to carry out
the " pimciples of the bill" so called. They have
all been removed from otnee, or compelled to re-
sign. Like Saturn devouring successively all his
children, the Government devours successively
all the Governors it sends to Kansas.
But, to go back a little, you determined to get
rid of the Missouri compromise, you determined
to break down the bairier which, by a solemn
compact, our fathers had interposed against the
further extension of slavery. Without pursuing
this matter further at this time, let us sec how you
stand on the record. The Kansas-Nebraska bill
provides that it is—
u Tine intent and meaning of tins hill not to 1 legislate
slaveiy into any Tenitoryoi .State, nor exclude it thei eft om ;
but to leave the people thcieof peifectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own way, sub-
ject to the Constitution of the United States.' "
Then the resolution of the Cincinnati conven-
tion declared that the party recognized—
uThe richt of th<j people of all the Territone<, including
Kansas and Nebraska, acting thresh the legally and tauly : \
expressed w ill of a majority of aeiual resident-, and when- ; I
ever the muub_'i oi lie n inhabitant- jtiitine- it, to form a j
constitution, with or without dome-tie slavery, and be ad- j;
raitted into the Union upon teim- of perfect equality with 1
the othet States.'" |l
While this resolution, fairly interpreted, ex-li
plodes the humbug of popular sovereignty, and .
takes away the right of the people of the Torri- '
tory to act upon the slavery question until they ,
shall come to form a constitution, yet itconccded t
that the people of Kansas had a right to act ,
through " the legally and fairly expressed will of'1
a majority of the actual residents," &c., when- !
ever they " come to form a constitution." j
And, sir, what does the President say in his i
inaugural? Here U is: I
<• What a conception, then, was it for Congress to apply i
this simple role—that the will of the majouty shnll govern ;
—to the settlement of the domestic que&'ion of sdaveiy in J
the Teiritones! • <
" But he thif as it may, it is the imperative and mdi^pcn- ,
sable duty of the Government of the United States to secure 1
to eveiy resident inhabitant the free and independent ex- i
predion of his opinion by his vote. This sacied right of,
each individual must be preseived!" J
Such are the declarations of the President— j
"the will of the majority must govern;" and, ,
further, that it is the indispensable and imperative '
duty of the Government to secure to every resi-
dent inhabitant the free and independent expres-
sion of his opinion by his vote. These are the
declarations of the same President who is now
attempting to wield the whole power of the Gov-
ernment to force a constitution upon a people no-
toriously against the " will of the majority"—an
instrument conceived in crime, and brought forth
in fraud and violence.
The country was promised that with the advent
of the present Administration the Kansas ques-
tion should be speedily settled; that a new order
of things was to be inaugurated there, and that
peace should soon reign throughout ail her bor-
ders; that the President would call to the exec-
utive posts in the Territory men of high character
Walker, in his letter to the President accepting
his appointment, said:
(t I understand that you and your Cabinet cordially con-
cur in the opinion e.vpiessed by me, that the actual bona
fide resident* of the Teuitory of Kansas, by a fair and reg-
ular vote, unaffected by fraud or violence, must hp per-
mitted, in adopting their State constitution, to decide for
thcm.-elves what shall be their social institutions. This is
the gieat fundamental principle of the act of Congress or-
ganizing that Teruloiy, affirmed by the Supieme Court of
the United States, and is in aeeotdanee with the views um-
formlyexprcssed by nie throughout m\ public career. I con-
template a peaceful solution of this question by an appeal
to the intelligence and patriotism of the people of Kansas,
who should all paiticipate Irecjy and tully m this decision,
and by ainajonty of vvho-e votes the deei.-iou muit be made,
as the only and constitutional mode of adjustment.
" X will go and endeavor to adjust these difiieulties, m the
full confidence, as suongiy expressed by you, that f will be
sustained by all youi own high authomy, with the cordial
cooperation of all youi Cabinet."
After Walker's acceptance of the office, in the
language used in the extract just read, the follow-
ing instructions wftre issued to him by the Ad-
ministration, emanating from the Department of
State:
<• There are two great objects connected with the present
excitement glowing out of the affair* ot Kansas, and the
attainment ol which will bring it to ?i speedy termination.
Tnese weie cleatly and succinctly staled in the President's
iccent muugmal addles, and 1 embody the paragraphs in
the communication, asking \our tpecial attention to them,
it is dtckned m that instiument to be the imperative and
lndii-pcm-iable duty of the Government of the United States
to sceuso to eveiy ie*ideiit inhabitant the 1'iee arid inde-
pendent e.\piev>ion of his opinion bj his vote. Tins sacred
ricrht ol each individual mint be p:c-ei v ed ; and that being
accomplished, tiothmc can bo t.m< r than to leave the peo-
ple of a Temtoi} tree f oin all toiri^n mtciferencc to dr-
cuie, their own des>nny for th-Mii-elves, subject onlj to the
Constitution of the United State-.
"• Upon these gieat ri^ht,ot individual action and of pub-
lic dccUion rtjs-t the foundation • of Amei ;can institution--;
and if thev aic faithfully -c-nrcd to the people of Kansa-,
the political condition ot the count rv will -non become tpnet
and satisfactory. The institutions oi Kan.>a> should be es-
t'lbhshed by the vote-j ol the people of luin-a-, unawed and
uninterrupted hv foice oi fraud And toioigu voteis must
he excluded, come whence thev may, and eveiy attempt to
overawe or interiupt the fiee <>\erci*oof die right of voting
must he ptompUy repelled and punished Fieedom and
safety lot tiie legal voter, and l\c1u^ m and puiudiment for
the illegal one—these should be the gieat pmi^ipSesoi jour
admim-tiation."
And here again wo find th* declaration of the
Administration, that the institutions of Kansas
should be established by the votes of the people
of Kansas, unawed and uninterrupted " by force
or fraud.55 The people, uniniluencedand uncon-
trolled, were to shape and mold theii own form
of government, and decide their own destiny lor
themselves, without foreign interference, and in
their own way, " subject,5' m the cant phrase
of the day, " only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States."
A programme having been arranged and agreed
upon between the Administration and Waikei*
the Governor issues his inaugural address to the
people of Kansas, which is approved by the Pres-
ident and Cabinet. In that address he says:
" Unless the convention submit the constitution to a vote
of all the actual i evident settlers of Kansas, and the election
be fairly and justly conducted, the constitution will be, and
ought to be, lejeettd by Congress.'
Now, sir, upon the face or tins record, I sub-
mit that this Administration was committed, by
its olncial action and declarations, by itsp.ightecl
faith, by every obligation ol honor, to a. full, tair,
and complete submission of any constitution that
and dSii7^uisbed ability—men whoVould have jl might be formed to the whole people of Kansas,
the entire coiifitli-nce of the Administration, ami '1 at an election fanly and justly conducted, wheie
all the actual resident settlers might peaceably
vote. And still further, when Governor Walker
reached Kansas he made a speech to the people,
at Topeka, to persuade them, if the opportunity-
were offered, to participate in the election. In
that speech he said;
"1 ill say, then, to you, gentlemen,-tfiat if they do not
appoint a fair and impartial mode by which the majority,of
the actual bona fide resident settlers of-Kansas shall vote,
throuyh the instrumentality of impartial judges, I will join
you in all lawful opposition to their doings, and the Presi-
dent and Congress will reject the constitution.
Ck I say to you, that unless a full and fair opportunity is
given to the people of Kansas to decide for themselves what
shall be their form of government, including the sectional
question which has so long divided you—unless, I repeat,
they grant you such an oppoiuimty, 1 have one power of
which no man or «et of men can deprive me, and to which I
shall unhesitatingly lesort, and that is to join you in lawful
opposition to their acts."
As late as July last, the Washington Union,
the official Administration organ, contended that
the will of the people of Kansas, in regard to their
constitution, must have "a direct expression at
the polls." It said:
cc A constitution not subjected to that test, no matter what
it contains, will never be acknowledged by its opponents as
containing anything hut fraud."
Mind you, sir, " a constitution," a whole con-
stitution, not a particular provision, to be voted
for or against, yet voting for the instrument all
the time. The " organ" continues:
" A plausible color might be given to this assertion by the
argument that membeis of the convention could have no
motive for refusing to submit their work to their constitu-
ents, except a consciousness that the majority would con-
demn it. We confess that we should find some difficulty
in answering tins. What other motive could ihcy have ?
'  Wc do most devoutly believe that, unless the constitu-
tion of Kansas be submitted to the directvote of the people,
the unhappy controversy which has heretofore raged in that
Territory will be prolonged for an indefinite time to come.
We aie equally well convinced that the will of the majority,
whether it be for or against slavery, will finally triumph,
though it may be after years of strife, disastrous to the best
intere.sts of the countiy, and dangeious, it may be, to the
peace and safety of the whole Union.
" Again : this movement of the territorial authorities to
form a constitution is made, not in the regular way, in pur-
suance of an enabling and authorizing actof Congress, but
in the more motion of the Territorial Legislature itself. Nay,
it has been begun and carried on in the teeth of a refusal
by Congress to pass such an act. This irregularity is not
fatal. There are other cases m which it was overlooked.
But it caw be waived only in consideration of the fact that
the people have evpressed their will in unmistakable lan-
guage. Ifwe dispense with the legal forms of proceedings
we must have the substance.
a We think, /or the*c leasonf, that Governor Walker, in
advocating a submission of the constitution to a vote of the
people, acted with wisdom and justice, and followed the
only line of poliev which promises to settle this vexed Ques-
tion, either rightly 01 satisfactorily. In this respect, atleast,
he has done nothing woi thy of death or bonds."
Even John Calhoun, and his seven confreres,
pro-slavery candidates for delegates to the con-
vention from Douglas county, were obliged to
come out with a card just before the election,
pledging themselves, in the strongest terms, to
submit the constitution of the future State of
Kansas, for adoption or rejection, to every bona
Jule actual citizen of Kansas. In view of events
that have since transpired, I want to call attention
to that card:
To the Democratic voters of Douglas county:
It bavins been stated by that abolition newspaper, the
Ileiald of Freedom, and by some disaffected bogus Demo-
crat-?, who have got up an independent ticket for the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to eubimttimr the constitution to the people, we, the
candidates of the Democratic party, bubmit the following
resolution, which was adopted by the Democratic conven-
'' tion w hich placed us in nomination, and which we fully and
heartily indorse, as a complete reiutation of the slanders
above refei red to.
John Calhoun, a. w. Jones,
w. s. wcli's, II. butcher,
l. s. bomxu, john m. wallace,
w. t. Ri'ierT.v, l. a. Pratiier.
Lfcompton, Kansas Teintoiy, June 13, 1857.
Resolved, That wo will support no man as a delegate to
the con.^ututional convention, wlio^e duties it will be to
frame the cnn'-umnoi) of the future State of Kansas, and to
mold the political ui.-imuion.- undet which w". as a people,
ate to live, unh^s he pledge* limi>elf, tully, freely, and
without .uwn, to u<e every honorable means to sub-
mit the :-amc to eveiv boiucfrh actual citizcn of Kansas, at
the psopei time for the vote being taken upon the adoption
j! bv the people, m oid-5r that the said constitution may be
;! adopted or iejected by the actual settlers of this Territory,
ij as the majouty of voter-s shall decidc.'1
II Having thus shown the pledges of the Admin-
i' istration and its officials, and others, that the peo-
pie of Kansas should have the opportunity fairly
! and freely to pass upon their constitution, I want
i to tiace action on the question, and show how
H shan.cfuJl v ail theae pledges and-o^igaUons hate
been violated; to show how utterly raithless the
