262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1%
allude to Kansas; I might say to this committee
that I was a member of the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, and battled long and faithfully for the pas-
sage of the bill by which Kansas and Nebraska
were organized as Territories. Why did I do so ?
Not because I believed that bill was absolutely
and imperatively necessary at that time. I did
it, sir, because I saw embodied in that bill a prin-
ciple which I had recognized from my boyhood—
the great constitutional doctrine of popular sover-
eignty. Therefore was it that I did not oppose
that bill. I voted for that bill, and advocated it,
not because I thought it was necessary to organ-
ize that country into Territories at that time, but
because it embodied that great principle. And
now, sir, I am prepared to act upon all questions
relating to Kansas, and to act in accordance with
the opinions I then entertained, apd in accordance
•with the great doctrine of popular sovereignty.
I am prepared, sir, to dispose of this Kansas ques-
tion, so far as Congress is concerned, immedi-
ately. Sir, expressing the opinions which I can-
didly entertain, I cannot, for the life of me, say
that I sympathize with the people of " bleeding
Kansas," as they are sometimes called on both
sides of the House. I regret, it is true, the state
of affairs now existing in that Territory, and
which has existed since it was organized; and
yet I do not sympathize with that people, because
they hare not had the nerve, the boldness, the
manliness, to assert and defend their rights as
freemen, and to form their own government, as
they had the right to do. They have been sub-
jected to an outside pressure, brought to bear by
disappointed politicians and ambitious aspirants;
and they have failed to do their duty to them-
selves. They have gotten themselves into a dif-
ficulty from which I do not propose to extricate
them. X propose, further, in carrying out this
doctrine as I understand it to bo embraced in the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, to vote now to admit
the State of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution, and let Kansas fight it out as well as she
can. That is my policy in reference to Kansas.
Well, sir, it may be expected that I have sought
the floor to speak about Utah, one of the great
questions which have excited an interest in this
Congress. I do not propose to do so. I have,
however, one regret to utter: while I indorse the
administration of Mr. Pierce; while I admire that
statesman because he had the nerve, hailing as he
did from the North, not only to announce, but to
carry out, the great constitutional doctrine that
men from the South had constitutional rights as
well as northern man, I regret that he did not, as
soon as he was inaugurated, remove Brigham
Young, then Governor of the Territory of Utah.
Had he done so, I doubt not that the unfortunate
and deluded people of that Territory would have
been at this day loyal and peaceable citizens of
the country,and Brigham Young would have been
assigned to that destiny which I hope to God
awaits him at no distant day. But I care not to
talk upon that subject.
Neither do I propose, at this time, to give my
reasons for having been found, in the earlier part
of this session, acting with a glorious minority
upon this floor. In my own State I have been
froverbial for acting with the majority, although
got gloriously thrashed at one time, but came
out all right afterwards. It might be expected
that I would have excuses to give for having been
found acting with that minority upon that ques-
tion at that particular time, but I hope to God the
exigencies which induced the passage of that bill
will not long exist. I allude, of course, to the
bill which passed at the commencement of the
session to authorize the issue of Treasury notes.
I voted against the bill because I believed it vio-
lated the great constitutional Treasury system,
which provides that all the payments of the Gov-
ernment shall be made in gold and silver, and I
was not willing to convert this great Government
of ours intoagrand banking machine in disguise.
But, sir, I do not propose to talk about that either.
[Laughter.] I hope the time is not far distant
when the necessity for any such measure will
cease.
Mr. COBB. What are you going to talk about,
then ?
Mr. WARREN. I hate to keep the gentleman
from Alabama in suspense,because I shall make
a personal appeal to him before I have done. He
is interested in the measures which I propose to
advocate, and I think I have got him so that he can-
not dodge the question. I propose, as I said, to talk
about a matter in which my constituents are di-
rectly interested. I served, sir, during the Thirty-
Third Congress, although I was repudiated during
that time, and sent back to my constituents, again
to be indorsed by them; and I served here long
enough, then, to learn, that although gentlemen
sometimes talk here of great national interests,
they more frequently talk about home matters for
home consumption; and, therefore, I propose to
talk about home, about Arkansas. Some gentle-
men, I apprehend, will be astonished, that a gen-
tleman should rise in the Capitol of this great
nation, and admit the fact that he is from Arkan-
sas. [Laughter.] I am from Arkansas, sir; and
I propose to tell the American Congress what Ar-
kansas is, who shels; and I propose to assert her
rights, and ask this Congress to enforce them by
the passage of the bills which my colleague and
myself have introduced; but, before I do so, I de-
sire to make an appeal to two distinguished gen-
tlemen upon this floor—the one from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] and the other from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher]—gentlemen for whom I entertain the
highest personal and political regard, and w;ho
have justly acquired a national reputation as being
the guardians of the Treasury of the nation.
I propose now to talk to those gentlemen, and
to show them, if by possibility I can do so, that
by the passage of the bills, to which I shall pres-
ently allude, the Treasury of this nation will not
be impoverished, but will be greatly benefited. If
I do that, I apprehend I shall succecd in obtaining
the support of those gentlemen for those meas-
ures. 1 am particularly anxious to get their sup-
port, for the reason that one of them announced
to us that he had been in Congress since the time
whereof the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary. 1 have not been here long, as you know;
I came here by spells. [Laughter.] It is true that
I was here in the Thirty-Third Congress; and it
is true that before I made the acquaintance of
my distinguished friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,]—though I was seeking to make his ac-
quaintance—and that of the other gentlemen then
upon this floor, the telegraph announced that my
people at home had decided that another man
should take my place. I submitted to it, as all
good Democrats submit to the action of conven-
tions, national, State and county. I went home
and advocated the claims of the gentleman nom-
inated in my stead; and he was sent here, and
ably represented that district of the State of Ar-
kansas, as he was well able to do. While home,
I was callcd on to fight a battle, in which I en-
gaged with more pleasure than in any other po-
litical combat of my life. I found a formidable foe,
such as the Democracy of Arkansas had never
before been called to combat. The American
party in my district were claiming a majority of five
thousand votes, which they had then upon their
books. Though repudiated by my constituents,
I took the field and proclaimed the doctrines of
the Constitution. Ay, sir, I flung to the breeze that
good old bannerupon which was inscribed, "No
proscription—equal rights and equal privileges;"
and now you cannot find a Know Nothing in my
district. [Laughter.] I am here again, only cas-
ually it may be, and I therefore appeal to those
gentlemen who have been here so far back that
we cannot recollect it, and who will be here in
the future, possibly as long as they live, to come
to my support, and to see that Arkansas gets a
little good, at least as long as I am in Congress.
I propose now to speak of Arkansas. [Laugli-
; ter.] Arkansas unfortunately, and I may use
j an Arkansas phrase, when she came into this
! Union, or about that time, " riz off the wrong
j foot." There was a set of men there who in-
! duced the State to engage in a system of banking
| which is calculated to ruin either a State or na-
j tional Government, and to be a curse to any peo-
| pie. By this system she became involved in a debt
] of millions of dollars. It became necessary for her
| to appeal to the national Government, and this
I Government I admit has been generally beneficent
I to Arkansas. The General Government aided
i Arkansas, and as one good turn deserves another,
j 1 am going to ask the Government to be kind
: again. [Laughter.] Arkansas appealed to the
i Government for a loan of several hundred thou-
j sand dollars; now she has not paid a red cent of
it, [great laughter,] although these liabilities were
contracted by citizens, enterprising, honest, and
good citizens, who have since left the State; yet
Arkansas is populated by enterprising, honest,
and virtuous citizens, who, if they cannot pay,
will wind up their affairs, and not repudiate. It
is for the reason that her citizens are honest, that
they are upright, that they are enterprising and
entitled to respect at the hands of tins Union,
that I am going to attempt to pass the measures
about which I propose to speak.
They ought to pass in order that Arkansas
may be lifted up to occupy that position which
the God of nature designed she should occupy
among her sister States.
We have heard a great deal said about the de-
velopment of the resources of Arkansas. You
have been told that northern Arkansas is a great
agricultural country. You have been told that
there are many minerals there. That is true, and
for that reason, a few years ago, the American
Congress were kind enough to make a munificent
donation of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad through that part of the State. But I
want to tell you about another part of the State.
I happen to come from the southern part of Ar-
kansas, and I wish that gentlemen who know
nothing about cotton planting or the management
of African slaves would go there and see how we
do things. The southern part of Arkansas is the
best cotton-planting country within the limits of
the United States. I speak advisedly, when I
speak of southern Arkansas.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the gen-
tleman was going to talk about railroads.
Mr. WARREN. And so I am; you might
have been sure of it. And I hope the gentleman
will vote for the bills which I offer. Arkansas
ought to have an appropriation. When I was in
the Thirty-Third Congress, I proposed bills for
a grant of lands to aid in the construction of the
Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red River railroad,
and a railroad from Napoleon to Little Rock, via
Pine Bluff. I intend to give some reasons why
these bills should pass. I will speak first of the
road immediately in my district, and 1 want to
tell you, Mr. Chairman, its history. It is no new
project, concocted and brought up in an hour.
The bill about which I now speak was mooted in
the Congress of the United States probably before
I had the honorof a position upon this floor. In
the Thirty-Third Congress I took occasion to in-
troduce it. It was reported promptly from the
Committee oil Public Lands, and I had hoped tho
bill would pass. Other States had obtained grants
of the public lands for railroad purposes, and I
hoped that that bill would pass, but itslept among
the unfinished business of the House. My suc-
cessor at the next Congress introduced the same
bill, and it shared the same fate. 1 have again
introduced it at this session, and my colleague
has introduced a similar bill to the one he intro-
duced in the Thirty-Third Congress, and which
shared the same fate as mine.
I want to talk of these bills, sir; not to show
that they will benefit Arkansas so much. It is
true that these roads will benefit Arkansas; but it
is also true that they will benefit the Government,
by granting us the lands which we ask for to aid
m the construction of these roads. Let me lay
down a proposition, which I challenge those who
oppose the bills to controvert. I say that ninety-
nine out of every one hundred acres along ihe line
and within the limits prescribed in my bill, and
belonging to the Government, that ever can or
will be sold, have been entered, unless the road
is completed. If the road be built what will be
the result? Every foot of land that is now owned
by the Government there will be taken up, and
taken up speedily; and not only taken up and
entered, but taken up and entered at the advanced
price proposed by the bill. I apprehend that if I
can convince the gentleman from Tennessee that
this proposition is true he will certainly vote for
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will make one remark just here.
I do not wish this Government to speculate m
lands, nor do I wish this Government to realize
large profits from the sale of the public lands. I
desire that it shall dispose of its lands in limited
parcels to those who wish to cultivate them, and
if for a price at all, at the lowest possible price
which will indemnify the Government in the ac-
quisition of the lands, and the perfection of title
