1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Administration has been in this regard, and how
it is now lending itself to trample down all the
principles it had professed to cherish; and to im-
pose a hated and odious constitution upon a peo-
ple against their will. But let mc say here that
this Lccompton convention had no legal basis at
all. There had been no enabling act passed by
Congress, Though President Pierce had recom-
mended the passage of such an act by the last
Congress, yet Congress did not act on his recom-
mendation. The Legislature of Kansashad, there-
fore, no authority to call any convention to form
a constitution. That is a proposition which, in
principle, cannot be controverted. No Territorial
Legislature, which isu mere creature of Congress,
can abrogate its government, which has been es-
tablished by a law of Congress. However, as
Congress has full power over the subject of the
admission of a new State, it can accept any con-
stitution, republican in form, however it may be
framed; provided, always, it embody the will of
the people seeking admission as a State. During
the administration of General Jackson, the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Arkansas undertook, with-
out any,authority from Congress, to call a con-
vention to adopt a constitution preparatory to
admission of that Territoiy into the Union. A
question as to the power of the Legislature to do
that act was submitted to the Attorney General,
B. F. Butler, and he decided that any law passed
by the. Territorial Legislature of Arkansas call-
ing a convention would be utterly null and void.
"When, subsequently, the subject of the admission
of Michigan was up in the Senate, Mr. Buchanan
then being a member of that body, said:
c< No Senatoi will pretend that their Teuitoiial Le.irMa-
tuie had any light whatevei to pass laws enabling the peo
pie to elect debates to ;i convention for the pinpo^o of
forming a State constitution. It was an act ol' usurpation
on their part."
Hence, we have the authoiily of General Jack-
sou's administration, and of Mr. Buchanan him-
self, that this Lccompton convention was entirely
without foundation of law. This does not imply,
however, that the people would not have the right
peaceably to assemble, without an act of Con-
gress, and form a constitution to be presented to
Congress, as a petition to be admitted into the
TTnion. The Topeka constitution was the act of
the people of Kansas, and undoubtedly embodied
their will, as they ratified it by an almost unan-
imous vote;and it itj to be regretted that Congress
had not conformed to that will, and admitted Kan-
sas as a sovereign State.
In July, 1855, the bogus and usurping Legis-
lature of Kansas, without any authority from
Congress,even had it been a legal Leguslatme in-
xlead of on imported mob, passed an act to take
the sense of the people on the question of calling
convention to form a constitution. The free-
S'ate people, being a vast majority—denying then
and ever, the binding force end validity of the
arts of that Legislaiuie—took no pai t in the elec-
tion, one way or the othei. fcjome others voted,
and the proposition to call a convention was de-
clared carried. Though Congress had expiessly
refused to pass an enabling act for Kansas; yet,
on the IDth day of i'Vbiuary, 1^57, the Legisla-
ture of that Territory passed a law providing for
the call of a convention to frame a constitution
preparatory to her admission into the fJiumi. The
scope of theact was in full and complete harmony
with the entire previous history of the pro-slavery
party in Kansas. It eonfoimed to the general
purpose to which ail theireiforts had bcondireeted;
thatoffastenmgslavery upon the State,regardless
of the popular sentiment, and indeed, against the
vehement protest of the people. The bogus Legis-
lature ictamed in itself the power to yup'Tvtse all
the returns, excluding the United States officers,
iho Governor and Secretary, from any control
o\er them. The whole machinery fur taking the
census,and registering the voters, as provided for
by the act, was placed in the hands of the pro-
siavery pat ty, m order that it might be so arranged
that the principal voting might be done in the pro-
slaveiy districts. Even at that time fearing that
any constitution that might bo made by theircon-
vcntion would be voted down, they purposely
failed to p«ovale in their act for any submission
to the people. For that vital omission, and for
other reasons. Governor Geaiy vtry properly ve-
toed the hill, but it was, however, passed over his
head bythe rpqun.ite two-third vote.
Now, sir, let me proceed to an examination of
this election of delegates, tlrat we may ascertain
how far that election approximated towards an
expression of the will of the people of the Terri-
tory. Setting aside the illegal character of the
Legislature which enacted the law, let us look
for a moment to the practical operation of things
under it. Section eight of this territorial act pro-
vides, that at the election for members of the con-
vention no man shall vote unless his name shall
have been registered. As I have stated, all this
machinery for taking the census and registering
the votes, was in the hands of the pro-slavery
sheriffs and probate judges, and their deputies,
and they performed their duties in their "own
way." And what was done? Was the census
fairly taken? Was a full, fair, and complete re-
gistry of all the voters in the Territory made, so
they might participate in the formation of th^ir
government? The law was not complied with;
the voters were not registered; they could not vote
for members of the convention under the law.
Here is the testimony of Governor Walker and
Secretary Stanton on that subject; and they may
be called the Administiation's own witnesses.
Governor Walker, in his letter to the President,
says:
" That [the Lecompton] convention, had vital, not tech-
nical defects, in the very substance of its organization, under
the torsional law, winch could only be cuied, in my judg-
ment—as set louh in rny i/iati^ural and other addresses—
by the -ubmwsion of the confutation for ratification or le-
jeeuon by the people. On reference to the territorial law
under which the convention was assembled, thirty four reg-
uliuly oigani/,< d counties were named us election districts
for delegates to the convention. In each and all of the^e
counties it was required by law that a ccnsus should be
taken, and the voters lesisteied; and, when this was com-
pleted, thy dtde^ates to the convention should be appor-
tioned accordingly. In nineteen of these counties there was
: no census*} and, therefore, there could he no Mich apportion-
! irient thcie ot delegates based upon such census. And in
ihteen of the^e counties there was no registiy of voteis.
"These fifteen counties, iucludini; ninny of the oldest
oiiramzed routine-, m the Temtoiy, weie cnnrelj disfian-
chwd, and did not give, and (by«no fault of their own)
could not give, a sohtaiy vote tor delegates to the conven-
tion." >-■/>)( " iVor could it be'uiid ilK'v>e
eouinie^ acquiesced-; A>i, wheievct the\ endeavoied b_y a
subsequent eeiisu- or re«wry of their own to supply this
defect, occasioned by the pievious neglect of the teiuloiial
officers, the delegates thus chosen wereiejeeted by ilie con-
vention.
I lepeat, that m nineteen counties out of thirty-four
then1 was no census. In fifteen counties out of tlmtv-four
there wa-= no icsri^try; and not <i sohtaiy vote wa- given,
oi could be Given, for delegate-* to the convention m any
one ot these counties. Surely, then, It cannot be said that
such a convention, chosen by scaicely more than one tenth
of ilio prei-cut voters m Knn-<a- , repiescnted the people of
that Temtoiy, and could risrhttuliv impose a constitution
upon them without their consent."
Mr Secretary Stanton corroborates Governor
Walker, and says:
"The census theiein piovided for was imperfectly ob-
tained ironi an muvilhnir people in nineteen counties of the
Teiiiiorv , while in the iemcuiun£ counties, bein« also nine-
teen in number, from vanou^ cau--c-, no attempt was made
to comply with the law. In some instances people and
officei-i were alike averse ro the proceeding; in others,
the olficei -> neglected or let'u^ed to act; and in some, theie
wa-, but a small population and no efficient organization,
enabling the people to secuie u repie entation in the con-
vention."
Thus, it will be seen that, without any fault of
their own, but m consequence of the prcmedi ated
inflect or refusal of the pro-slavery officers in the
Tet i itoi y to properly take the census and register
the voters in one half of the whole number of
counties, the free-State men were unable to vote
for members of the convention. And yet, in face
of this fact, we hear it alleged everywhere by the
friends of the Lccompton instrument from the
President down to the postmaster of the smallest
degree, that this whole trouble' has grown out of
that " lcfusal to submit to lawful authority, and
vote at the election of delegates." It is made a
grave charge against these free-State men, that
they did not vote, when under the law they were
prohibited from voting; and it is said that they
are now estopped from making any complaint.
In some of the counties, which were in effect
disfranchised in the manner I have stated, the
people undertook to elect delegates to the conven-
tion, in order to have a representation there, but
the elections were declared inegular and the mem-
bers thus elected ousted fiom their seats*.
1 now come to what took place at the election
of members to the convention, which occurred
on the third Monday of .Tune, 1837. As we are
looking to the will of the people in this matter of
forming a government by the people in "their
own way," let us see what proportion of the peo-
ple participated in this election. There were nine
thousand two hundred and fifty-one votes regis-
tered, and there was undoubtedly a large number
of voters who were not registered in the nineteen
omitted counties. Chjt of this whole number of
voters in the Territory, only two thousand two
hundred voted in all; and the average aggregate
vote for the successful candidates was about one
thousand eight hundred. Although there were
large numbers who were excluded from voting,
there were many who did not vote, being satisfied
that the pro-slavery candidates would be " counted
in" with the usual frauds, and others who were
indifferent on the subject, as they had been prom-
ised by the highest authority an opportunity for
a full and fair vote, on the adoption or rejection
of any constitution that might be made.
This convention of sixty delegates, thus elected
by a handful of votes, and which would give an
average of thirty voters, good and bad, to each
delegate, went to work and formed a constitution
in "their own way." The convention was ad-
journed over from September to October. In the
mean time there was an election for members to
the Legislature, and the free-State men carried it
overwhelmingly,notwithsranding the prodigious
frauds that were perpetrated. It was thought thai
when the convention came together again, in Oc-
tober, its action would be palsied by the power
of public opinion. Many of the most reputable
members elected to it, becoming satisfied of its
dishonest and fraudulent purposes, refused to at-
tend. Forty-three out of the sixty was the highest
number participating in the work, and the most
important questions were passed upon without a
quorum. Violence, debauchery, and profanity
characterized its proceedings. The lowest rev-
olutionary club that ever plotted under cover of
darkness in the faubourgs of Pans, during the
reign of terror, could not come up to the standard
of the Lecompton conspirators.
The constitution made was a fitting instrument
to emanate from such a body. The October elec-
tion, and other evidences! had whown that the
free-State men were largely in the ascendant in
the Territory, and that any constitution submit-
ted by the Lecompton convention woujd be over-
whelmingly voted down. Asevery possible com-
mittal had been made that there should be a sub-
mission of the instrument, ingenuity was taxed
to the utmost for some specious pretext of sub-
mission which would accomplish the end of the
conspirators, and yet cheat the public. Itis unne-
cessary for me to dwell long on the scandalous
provisions of the seventh section of the schedule,
in regard to the submission. It is, in fact, no
submission at all, for no man could vote against
the constitution. Itis all pro, and no con. If,ac-
cording to section nine of this same schedule,
the voter would take a test oath to support that
constitution under " the pains and penalties of
perjury," he was graciously permitted by the
supreme law-makers to put in a ballot.for the
"constitution with slavery," or " constitution
with no slavery," which was in fact construed
to be voting for the constitution, and either for or
against the further intioduction of slavery into
Kansas. The whofe thins: was a disgraceful swin-
dle and contrivance, and the farce of voting upon
it was gone through with on the 21st of December
last, and the requisite number of votes were te-
tuvned for the <c constitution with slavery,"—
6,143 being the number deemed necessary and
proper in that election. It was also thought,
under the circumstances, tlmt a few votes should
be returned for the <4 constitution with no sla-
very," and accordingly 569 votes were returned
in that way. The Legislature of Kansas, elected
in October last, appointed a commission of com-
petent and reliable men to examine into the frauds
commuted at the various elections. This com-
mission reports in regard to the election of the 21st
of December, as follows:
_ " The bonid repoit that of the votes returned of the elec-
tion ot the 21>t December, 1H.V7, on the slavery clause of
the constitution framed at Lecompton, held at the precincts
of Kirkaeoo. Delawaie, Oxford, and Shawnee, about the
follow numbers were illegal and fraudulent:
A; Kiekapoo 
A? IMawaie Cuy        ...   345
AtOxfmd   1,200
At Shawnee    675
Total   S^O
