mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm-.
the committee of which X am a member, should
make a few remarks upon the subject. Iam not
surprised at the prejudice which manifests itself
in regard to this railroad. It existed for some
time in the city of New York, after the first in-
troduction of passenger railways*, we have seen
hostility arising wherever railroad enterprises of
this kind have been projected. But completed
and put in operation, we have found them bene-
ficial, and of great public convenience. In the
city of New York, where we have five or six rail-
roads through our avenues, but a small part, if
any, of our citizens would desire to have those
tracks taken up, and the public convenience in-
commoded thereby. I recollect that when the
Harlem railroad was laid down, there was great
opposition to it; and a prejudice existed for a long
time after it was finished and put in operation.
But that prejudice arose from defects in the track
which impeded other public travel. Theimprove-
ments which have since been madeln laying down
tracks, by introducing the open groove raii placed
upon a level with the pavement, has removed (he
impediments to other vehicles. Hostility has been
removed, and there are now railroads in several of
the principal avenues in the city of New York,
and cars are running from the extreme upper to
the lower portions of the city They are of vast
public benefit. They are notonlya benefit as ave-
nues of public travel, but it has been demonstrated
that the city is benefited by bringing distant points
near together, as it were. It has enhanced the
value of property upon their routes. The Sixth
and Eighth avenues, through which lines of rail-
roads run, arc flourishing avenues with business
extending out two or three miles upon them, while
the Seventh avenue adjoining, on which there is no
railroad track, is far less thriving asfaras business
is concerned.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman if the authorities of the
city did not grant to a certain number of individ-
uals the privilege of building a railroad in Broad-
way; and if the property-holders on that avenue
did not apply for an injunction to prevent its being
built; and if the court did not grant an injunction
restraining the building of the road?
Mr WARD. That is true in regard to Broad-
way. The objection in that case was, that Broad-
way was too narrow; though I think that was a
mistaken objection. I will not argue that matter
here. That was the reason of the hostility of some
persons, who supposed the road would interfere
with the travel of Broadway, as it is a great thor-
oughfare, and is constantly filled with carnages
and omnibuses. But there is Chatham street,
only thirty-three feet wide, m which two raih oads
are run, and still they do not incommode the pub-
lic. This matter having been before the commit-
tee, I felt it my duty, being familiar somewhat
with the system of railroads which are now ex-
tending into Brooklyn, Philadelphia, and other
cities, to briefly address the committee.
If there is any improvement in the mode of
travel, I can sec no reason why Washington
should not have the benefit of it as well as other
cities. I am well satisfied that, if Congress should
pass this bill, or any one that,would authorize
the laying down of a track, and the railroad should
be completed, 110 member of this Mouse would be
likely to vote to have the track taken up or to re-
peal the law relative to it. The conveniences and
benefit of such a railroad would be great, and the
evidence in regard to two or three points stated
in the report accompanyingthis bill demonstrates,
I think very clearly, that the ordinary objections
which have been made to lailroads in cities are
done away with; that they are great conveni-
ences, and actually enhance the value of property
in the city.
The railway, as a principle, has every argu-
ment m its favor; and if any valid objections can
be made against them, as they are constructed, it
is against such features as can be readily modi-
fied. The Harlem railway, in New York, was
the first used for the local business of the city, in
the carrying of passengers m small horse cars.
It was not origin ally constructed for this purpose,
and was laid with a rail of the ordinary pattern
in use upon ordinary railways, and with a gauge
of four feet eight and a half inches. The form of
rail did not admit of a smooth surface or perfect
connexion with the pavement, offering serious
obstruction to the passage of ordinary vehicles.
When, subsequently, it was proposed to lay rail-
ways through the Sixth and Eighth avenues, this
objection was most seriously urged. To avoid
the difficulty, a rail of a groove pattern was
adopted. This admitted a pavement laid close
against both sides of the«rail and even with its top,
and removed, to a considerable extent, one very
important objection. The groove is made shal-
low, wide, and flaring, so that the wheels of an
ordinary vehicle will readily enter or leave it. To
make the surface more perfect, square blocks
were laid on each side cf the rails, while the re-
mainder was laid with the ordinary cobble stone.
Successive improvements in the method of paving
and in the form of rail have been made, until rail-
ways have, in that city, become an indispensable
convenience. _ They have been adopted in Boston,
Brooklyn, and Philadelphia: and the construction
of new lines is in progress. It is not, however,
to be said that they have been perfected, or that
all the objections to them have ceased, although
in the city of New York, as the longitudinal av-
enues are extended, the rule which once prevailed
has been reversed, and the extension of the rail-
ways is demanded by the people, instead of being
asked for by the railway companies. There are
those who arc ready to concede their utility to the
fullest extent, and yet who object to them on the
ground that they still offer obstruction to other
travel, in consequence of the faults of their con-
struction, and the width of track, as well as the
cumbersomeness of the carriages. The grooved
railsarelaid upon longitudinal wooden sills, which
in their turn lay upon wooden cross-ties. This
wooden structure is filled up with gravel in which
the pavement is laid. The pavement and railway
are therefore two independent structures, neither
dependent upon the other. In some cases the
rails settle below the paving, and in others the
paving below the rails. The greater the differ-
ence of level between the two, the greater is the
obstruction to ordinary travel. If both couid be
kept upon the same level this objection would
cease.
Another difficulty is, that the perishable nature
of the sills renders a renewal necessary every
few years, and a constant repair is going on.
The width of s;auge adopted upon existing
street railways seems to be entirely an accidental
feature, the other roads in New York adopting
the same gauge as the Harlem road, which was
constructed originally without reference to being
used as a street railway. In other cities the same
gauge has been adopted without any betterreason.
There is certainly 110 good reason why a 1 ail-
way for street purposes, to be used with horse
power and with small light cars, and at a speed
not exceeding five or six miles to the hour, should
require a width of gauge, such as is sufficient for
bearing locomotives and trains at a speed of thirty
or forty miles per hour.
The ordinary street cars in use are seven to
seven and a half feet 111 width, and might with
advantage be reduced to six. Our large passen-
ger cars drawn by locomotives are nine to nine
and a half feet. The same proportion between
the width of car and width of track would give
from three to three and a third feet as sufficient
for a street railway, wuhout making allowance
for the difference of speed.
Tlie objection to the wide pauge and the wide
car does not apply with the same force 111 Penn-
sylvania avenue as m some of the narrower streets
111 New York, Boston, Brooklyn, and Philadel-
phia, through which railways aie laid. But there
are other considerations in favor of the narrow
car and narrow track, which apply equally every-
where The width proposed for this avenue is
three feet six inches to four feet for the track, and
five and a half to six feet for the cars. Then-
height from the pavement will be about twenty-
two inches. They are, in fact, similar to an omni-
bus body, elongated and resting upon car-wheels,
but much lower. Their capacity is for twenty
passengers, and they are designed to be drawn by
one horse only.
These carnages are ornamental 111 form and
design, and will not occupy more than thirteen
feet of the width of the street, from out to out of
carriages on a double track. No conductor is re-
quired, the driver performing the same duties as
tiie omnibus driver. Passengers need not be an-
noyed by persons standing in their front, or by
the constant passing of a conductor through a
crowded passage way, 1 In the use of one horse
only, which is permitted by the lightnefcs^tyf ths
carriages, the travel is in the Genter,' between: the"
two tracks, where a perfect foothold is obtainedv
A more prompt, speedy, and comfortable transit
of passengers is'insured, because of-the gfti&ll
number that it is proposed to carry in each car-
riage. Their stops will be fewer than the large
car; they can stop and startmore readily.- To doa
given amount of traffic the carriages must be run
at more frequent intervals; thus accpmmodating
the public better. The transit will be more reg-
ular and rapid, and their convenience-in every
way enhanced to the public over any heretofore
used. The whole movement in the street will not
be dissimilar to that of only two lines of omni-
buses, but far more safe and convenient because
less elevated from the pavement, occupying lees
width, having no axles, wheels, and nubs pro-
jecting beyond the body of the carriage, and con-
fined to straight lines in the center of the street,
instead of being scattered over its entire width.
While admitting the plausibility of some of the
arguments against railways in thronged thorough-
fares, on account of a few defects in their con-
struction and of the space the ordinary carriages
occupy, and the consequent interruption to other
vehicles, there can be no question but that the
railway affords the most comfortable, and the
most convenient and economical means of traus-
port for passengers from one point of a city to
another. Remedy the few defects in the tracks
referred to, and divest the railway carriage of its
cumbersomeness, and these objections cease. The
same number of passengers may be carried by
railway with half the number of carriages and
one quarter the number of horses that would be
required with omnibuses. The pavements are re-
lieved from immense wear and tear. The noise
and dust is avoided. The ingress and egress is
easier and more convenient. They are safer to
pedestrians, because the route of the car is fixed
and well known. A brake is always under the
hand of the driver, and the impetus of the car is
overcome much more promptly than that of the
omnibuses; and, finally, the rates of fare less than
m omnibuses.
It cannot be believed that conveniences of pub-
lic transport of such a nature, and so divested of
all the re marning objectionable features which it
is alleged pertain to them in cities where they are "
used, can be otherwise than beneficial to the in-
terests of the city, and to the value of property
along their route.
11 is a significant fact that in the city of New
York, where railways are used with all the faults
in their construction which their opponents set
forth against them, property in the longitudinal
avenues through which they run has, since their
construction, increased in value fifty per cent.,
while in similar and parallel avenues which have
no railways, it has not increased ten percent. In
Brooklyn the railway system has developed and
brought into use property to the extent of ten
times the whole cost of the roads, which for years
yet, without such facilities, would have been un-
improved and valueless. The track proposed in
this case is a very narrow one. It is contempla-
ted that the tracks shall be but six feet in width,
and the whole space required will probably not
exceed fourteen feet of the center of the street,
which is one hundred and fifty feet wide. The
cars are to be one-horse cars of a very handsome
model, and very ornamental. So far from disfig-
uring the avenue, I think they would rather im-
piuve its appearance.
It seems to mc that an orderly and systematic
movement of vehicles thus confined to the center
of the street, by small grooves in the pavements,
would not mar the beauty of the avenue to the
same extent as clumsy and noisy omnibuses trav-
eling in every direction over its entire width.
The subject of railways for passengers only, in
many of the principal cities of the country, and
more especially in the city of New York, has at-
tracted great public interest. Much valuable evi-
dence lias been elicited m connection with the
topic, and, as it will hereafter continue to draw
public attention to it until every city 111 the Union
will have railways through the principal thorough-
fares, it may not be inappropriate to give, in this
connection, a portion of some testimony bearing
directly upon the utility of such railways in the
city of New York, given by prominent citizens of
