1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Trippe.
Ho. of Reps.
Delegate is now occupying: his scat, and that
Legislature has been more than once in session.
Mr. Chairman what does all this mean ? How
would the calm and unprejudiced observer be
compelled to read this history? Take it altogether,
and I confess I see no other solution than this:
that that people, either from some outside influ-
ence, or from some unhallowed motives of their
own, did not desire an adjustment of this ques-
tion; that tliey did not desire peace; and that the
whole matter must be kept open for the benefit
of those whose capital was excitement, and whose
aim was to build up party by the aid of that ex-
citement. Sir, I would not unjustly charge any
person or people; but, fearing this, I will say,
that Kansas has been a disturber of the public
peace long enough; and if it can be done, good
bonds to keep that peace ought to be put upon
her. At least, I would so act that when she feels
disposed to get up any further difficulty, she may
not only have the right to settle "her own do-
mestic institutions in her own way," but that that
"difficulty" may become, if she will have it, one
of those " domestic institutions" which she shall
have the same " organic" right to settle in the
same way.
Mr. Chairman, if Kansas is admitted under
this constitution, and there be this great over-
whelming majority of three to one, what great
harm can practically ensue ? More especially is
this question pertinent when that majority has the
whole machinery of the State government. I
know the reply is made to this that the Lccomp-
ton constitution does not provide for any change
until 18G4; and that it is only a revolutionary right ;
which the people have to change that constitution 1
before that time. I will not, Mr. Chairman, as-
sume any formal position now on that question,
as the brief time I have does not allow me either
fully to state it or to fortify it. I cannot concur
in what the President has said on this point; but
practically as applicable to this case, 1 will say
that there is nothing in the Lccompton constitu-
tion that in terms prohibits any change before
1864. And if the majority m Kansas in favor of i
a change is so great, being ten thousand out of
thirteen thousand three hundred, and that major-
ity has now the whole government, no one can
doubt what the result will be. "With all official
power, and that power willing; with such numer-
ical power, and that power anxious; no govern-
ment on earth ever did or could stand six, or five, j
or four years against it. If it be revolutionary it 1
would of course be a peaceable revolution, for one <
government would dimply abdicate in favor of the
other; and that other sustained by three to one
of the people. "What T mean is, that it would, all
this being ti U", obey the great law of human na-
ture, and chaiv:" It'. I .-.penk of what, in all
probability, would he the practical end of this
whole matter, and not of constitutional right; nor
do I believe it to be competent for Congress in
this bill to pass upon that question. I
An amendment has been put on the bill for the i
admission of Kan&as, in ulafion to this point, :
about which I desire to submit a few rcmaiks. 1
It is in these words: j
'•And th u nothiJig tit this actfchall he coiHtrurd to abridge '
or mfunge any light of the people assorted in the constitu- ;
t!'m of Kaiif-n-j at all nines to alter, reform, or abolish their j
term of yovernuiHnt, m such manner as the\ may think i
p:riper, Cnncrip^s hereby(hselattriinir any authority to niter- |
Vv'jn1 oi declare the conduction of the constitution of any i
Kut'\ except to see that it ^ republican in form and not in 1
conflict with the C'on.-ruulion of the United States j
These words, sir, seem fair ami plausible; but ;
1 do not like them. They say '* nothing in this
act shall be construed to abridge or infringe any
j lght of the people," &c. Does this special repu-
d lation of such a construction being put upon this
oct imply that Congress could nnss any act upon
which such a construction could be legally put?
Or that Congress could have put anything m this .
act which should legally admit of such a con- ,
siruction* If that be their moonnm, I repudiate 1
them altogether. Do they mean to set up, as a
special congressional declaration, the wild radical ,
doctrine of Dorrism? If so, I repudiate them. !
Why put all that in this hill at all? Is it a bait '
for gudgeons or a tub for the whale ? Into whose ,
brain did the faintest idea ever enter, that the act
admitting a State into the Union could, bypossi- i
bility, have any control over the meaning of Us [
constitution as to the right of the people to change
that constitution? Where are there any words in
that bill that, by any construction or distortion,
can have any possible connection, directly or in-
directly with the matter of the right of a people to
alter or change their constitution ? Unless, then,
this declaration is utterly impotent and meaning-
less, I fear that there is a " cat under the meal."
If they are intended to have any practical effici-
ency, I here enter my protest. I trust they will
be stricken out, and that we will notagain run the
risk of a double construction of fair-seeming and
high-sounding speeches introduced into the body
of this bill, as we did in the celebrated declaration
in the old Kansas-Nebraska bill.
There is another factm this Kansas history, Mr.
Chairman, to which I wish to refer, as in my opin-
ion it has tended no little to complicate the question,
and 1ms furnished almost the whole capital to the
opponents of the admission of Kansas. The or-
ganic act declared, " the people perfectly free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way, subject to the Constitution of the
United States." Governor Walker, in last May,
went to Kansas, and as the agent of the Admin-
istration in his very first act, to wit, his inau-
gural address demanded that the people of Kan-
sas should " form theirdomcstic institutions," or
frame their constitution after a certain mode speci-
fied by him. Tins he repented in his Topckaand
other speeches, and backed them up by threats of
preventing their admission into the Union unless
they complied; and further declared, that in this
he represented the President of the United States.
One of those modes specified by him,was thatany
constitution that might be made should be sub-
mitted back to a vote for ratification or rejection.
Did the Constitution of the United States require
this as a prerequisite for admission? It would
have been perfectly right and proper for the peo-
ple so to have done had they seen fit; but the
attempt to coerce them was an outrage that has
never been redressed.
I have stated that in this, GovernorWalkersaid
he was representing the President of the United
States. And how turns out the case? The only
difference between the President and Governor
Walker is, that the Piesident says ho meant that
tho slavery question was the question that the
people of Kansas, in framing their constitution,
must submit back to a vote. Walker was for the
whole being submitted, and so was the President,
and says so in his messagc;and further takes the
position again and again that would have com-
pelled him to resist the admission of Kansas had
not the slavery question been so submitted. Ho
says:
" liuhe Kansac-Nebia^k.t act, however, tins requirement
as applicable to rhr whobi con^tmu.on. h;.d not b"cu in-
'untcd, and tho convention wcte not bound bv Us teims to
submit any other poriion of tho instrument to an election
except that which relates to the 'domestic institution of
blavcry.'"
Here the President broadly asserts that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, " by its terms" bound the con-
vention to submit the question of slavery back to
an "election." Of course the inference is not
only legitimate, but iriesistible, that if the conven-
tion had not thus submitted the question of slavery,
he would have redeemed the pledge of Walker,
and opposed the admission.
Sir, with ail due respect to the President, I beg
leave to say, that no man, woman, or child in
all this broad land ever heard of such a construc-
tion to the Kansas-Nebraska act, until they read
it in the message. That act had been read by
everybody, discussed and scrutinized and can-
vassed as no oct of Congress had ever been before.
The very words tho Piesident quotes to sustain
his constiuction, had become as familiar as house-
hold words to everybody. All had them by heart,
and countless inquirers were asking and quar-
reling about their meaning—but no one hinted
or suggested, the idea never found a lodgment in
print, or was whispered on the air, that thet act
meant what the President says it means, and yet,
as to its meaning this, he says he "had never enter-
tained a serious doubt." Very well, sir, 1 will
notdispute what the President's convictions were,
but 1 will say, that he was not only the first who
ever promulgated the idea, but that down to tho
present day 1 have never heard that he has found
a single mdorser.
If the President is right in saying that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act required the constitutional con-
vention to submit the question of slavery back to
an "election," then are Walker, Douglas, and
Stanton right in holding that the whole constitu-
tion was required to be submitted. Buteitherthe
one holding or the other is a forced construction;
and when any Federal agent or authority raised
such a question on that people, a great wrong
was done; and when the demand was made, an
outrage was attempted,
I have said that this demand, or this position on
the part of the President and Governor Walker,
tended no little to complicate the whole Kansas
imbroglio, and has furnished in its results the
groundwork for the most of the arguments of the
enemies of admission. How? The convention,
overawed by these threats, or seduced by the pow-
erful influences brought to bear upon them, did
submit back to an " election" the question as to
the future importation of slaves. From the his-
tory of the preceding election no reasonable man
could believe that but one side would vote, and
we had the spectacle of another " election," with
very few voting but the friends of the measure.
It was not to be cxpectcd that when there was
no opposition the full strength of the friends of
that measure would be exhibited. Moreover, with
the wild construction that had been claimed for this
great doctrine of " popular sovereignty," the free-
State Legislature, which had just come into power,
concluded they would take the strength of their
side, when they knew they would have no oppo-
sition. They appointed another, and a subse-
quent day, to take the vote again. They had seen
the hands of their opponents, and they knew pre-
cisely what they had to overcome. The calf nad
been taught exactly how high he had to jump,
and he jumped it. There were no obstacles in
the way, and clear over everything the leap was
made by thousands, and now comes up the hue
and cry that the plan of the President has been
adopted, and upon the high principle of " popu-
lar sovereignty" the Lecompton constitution must
be rejected. I here put the question: if this de-
mand of u submission back to an " election" had
not been made and enforced, and the convention
had framed the constitution and applied for ad-
mission, where would have been the inch of ground
upon which the opponents of admission could
stand ? None whatever, except that voters were
not registered, who refused to be registered, and
that certain counties were disfranchised, which
refused to comply with the law that would have
secured their rights.
Let then, sir, the responsibility for this distract-
ing state of the question rest upon all who have
aided in bringing it upon us.
Mr. Chairman, I have remarked that this Kan-
sas question has been the instrument with which
paities and factions have worked long enough.
For yearx it has absorbed everything else but the
Democratic party; and it really does seem as if,
at la^t, it was about making its final bait of that
powetful organization. Under the excitement it
has produced, the Republican party had its birth,
and has giown up to colossal proportions, more
terrible than an " army with banners." It has
given that paity its war-cry, and is the life-blood
of its existence. By a sort of e convenv principle,
produced by the same cause, the Democratic party
had pretty nigh taken captive another portion of
the country. Between these two great parties,
thus strengthened, the American party, with its
noble aims, and with its great leading principle,
to-day deeply rooted in the hearts of three fourths
of the American people, has almost fallen, like
the good man overcome by a multitude of sin-
ners.
Where then, sir, is the patriot who does not
wish to relieve his country from this pressure,
and to enable the people to conic up to the con-
sideration of other great principles intimately con-
nected with their present interests and future pros-
perity ? Happy would be the lot of that man who
could remove the Achan's wedge, and bring back
once more the blessings of Heaven upon our po-
litical Israel.
I may be mistaken, Mr. Chairman, in one great
object t hope to aid in securing by my vote. I
am for peace—an honorable and lasting peace^-
lieart and soul; and short of a sacrifice of punci-
