2374.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
that city with whom I am well acquainted, who ||
were examined as witnesses under a commission |
issued in certain legal proceedings had between |
the city of Louisville and the Louisville and Port- j
land Railway Company. _ j
Edwin Smith, for twenty-five years city sur- '
veyor and civil engineer, states that— j
" The avenues in the upper part of the city are about this 1
width, natn<-ly: sixty teei between the curb stones, but, with ]
the exception of Canal street and a partot the Bowery, the i
streets in the lower part of the city 3ie much narrower; •
Ohvei street,through which a railway passes, is but twenty- j
o>ie feet between the curbs. Some of them aie main thor- j
oughl'ares. Fulton street, m Brooklyn, ts the principal street. I
The system of railways m that city all convergeb into this 1
street, and all the cars fiom the various lines run through j
it to the ferry at its foot. The track in South street, New •
York, runs directly along the wharves ot East river, where i
aft immense shipping business l-s transacted, and where 1
heavy draying h required. The cars upon the roads men-
tioned are propelled by horse power, and the roads are es
teemed ot great public utility. In Brooklyn, Fukon street
remains th<' principal street, as it was before railways were
laid in it. The railway gives impoitauce to the btieet and
value to the property. and tends to leuun (or it the charac-
ter of the principal hueei ofthecity. In New Yotk the prop-
erty has been greatly enhanced in value upon the streets
where railways have been constructed. The effect upon
property may be judged by the eilectm the avenues in the
upper pint of the city. Tho avossues in winch lailwaj s have
not been constructed, viz: A, B, C, and L), and Seventh
avenue, are street? m which but little IniMne^ is done:
while Second, Third, Fointh, Sixth, Eighth, &c., have a
large amount of business, and :ire bu^ine^s thorouglilares.
"■In the lower pan of the city, the nio-t e\ten-ive and
costly stores tor wholesale ami lobbing pin poses aie being
conducted upon *-treet3 in which railways .vie laid, oi in
their immediate vieimtv. Tiiat poition of the city upon
and in the unnieiliare vicinity of the lower teiminus ot tfie
Sixth and Eighth avenue i.uhoad-, u- now undergoing
gieater impiovement-. in icbuikhu". tor heavy couimeieial
purposes, than any other. A> compared with omnibuses,
the elements of convenience, not only to the passenger, but
to the other travel ot the ^tioet-s, is decidedly in tavor of the
cats, even with their present wullh of s-oven to seven and
a half feet. They occupy less -pace than omnibuses as
the lattei have their wheel:- p;oj,-< ung tiom and out-idr of
the bodv or the car i lage, occupying ei; ht and a half to nine
loot, while the ibimet have then whet h m-id-'oi the bodv.
Cars ror street put pih-r«, n deemed expedient, might be made
naiimvei ill.in Ilio-c at pi iwd ; and if ( he bodies wete
made of the i-.inie width a> nmnjlm- bo-he-, iianie'v. live
leet three inches, they would oeeupv but L\v< Ive feet Horn
outside to outfide, on a douidc line, allowing toi a ■.pace of
Ane and one and a half feet hetweii them. WVh the^aine
space between any two ommhu.-os, they would occupy
about seventeen and a hall leet.
u 1'iopcriv irued hii'lier, and w mon* valuable as a gen-
era) thing, upon sheets upon whieh ivulvvays are laid, than
upon similar anil paialhsl street^ thion rh wineii ruhwus
have not been laid F.it ui-aane. . in Sixth and tti-jhrh «iv-
cnui'i, since the raiho-uN have been Led, tlie piopei ly along
the hues and on tin: crossing stieets nas been more man
doubled m value,"
Daniel Dodge states, that—
"Chatham street, which is about thirty (luce teet wnt
between th>
caslei n half
on that mtu
street, and oth
ml) stones, is the great thoiough:.
t the < !i\ , the tt.iv. I f mill al! I lie in'iin -iMe
i. namely : Ihnverv V. i-t Ihoadway, 1 h vi-i
'ouvejgtng into it at < 'hath.im .-(ju.
course to Bio.ulw.iy. The eai- o! the 1'n a. Second. hiuI
Third avenue road- pw^thnuigh Chatham srn-ct The
Hacks wete laid in and the pro)ect met with the mo^t
Ptienuoiis opposition, on tin* mound that the stn et u a - - o
nai row as to rendei u unpor-.-ible roi the c.n--1>> pa--s w uliout
mteitenng with and < Imiucting all oilie'- fia\'"i. tl.n , 1111:1 -
ing the business oi ihe ^reet, and lU-pieeiating the value of
real estate. The result has pioved she cutwe ievec-e of
thee'e urmeipaiton*, ami the i ail'\o \ s have been ol gi cat .id-
vantage to the stieet, incieasing i:- Ini-iuc'--. ;iud enhancing
the value or it- psopeity h ^till ietnauis tiie gieat tunnel
for ah the navel oi the e.i-.tem side oi ihe en \, and u h
freely admitted lhar the cai-. do not inconvenient e the other
travel .so much as omrnbu.-es The rwult ol the e.sp'M uncut,
m this.eonchi^ivelydeinnMsttatcs ihatrailwn\s may he laid
ami eai->ruu in -tic-it-j ot ihutv tmee i.M't width, without
embaira-suig die miscellaneous navel, oi miunngthe piop-
city or business oi su<-h .streets . hut,on thecontuuy, piov-
lng po-invch beneticird t'  both. On<; principal reason m
the remit.irion «i\"n to the other tiavel, by the cais being
eontiiM'd Io cet lam line-, m the middle oi the street. The
mi.-eellaiH ou  tiavel naturally divules on < ither Mile as the
Cll|s p-i>and no <•{,.- hmg oi colh-irtn oceuis, because the
couisc ot the cais i-. li\ed and well known. The tiavel u
facilitated by tin-- natural regulation, and the liability to ob-
5-tnietion ot the Mtec! bv a '.pun' ot vehicles, grt atlv lca-
seoed- It i* upon tins deaion^tiat.o'i, tully examined, in-
quired into, and admitted, that the authtnmcs ot Biookljn
relied m adojitmg tlie system of railways now in operation
in that city.
" 5 was a member of the Board of Aldermen of the city
of New York in the years 1S.VJ and 18,>1. when the di«cu-
sjon upon these vaaoits railroad projects came up, and thus
have had my attention drawn particularly to the subject of
the requirements ot a large cit> iti the means of the trms-
portattoi) of passengers through the street*. I wa^alsoa
member of sevcial committees oi me Common Council hav-
ing this {subject under consideration, and heard nearly all
tiic atgnment sand t 'Stunouv pi e-ented foi and asainst these
roads previous then adoption, 'i'hey were opposed be-
fore the conmnttoe in tne n.o-t ^{'"umons /nannei by some
of the tno>t ndiuo'i'-al zons of" the cuv. and by luilueii-
tial property ownei-. in the st'^'t through which the; were
dcsimtd to !>•-- i5:uc:- ne con?-tiiicvi'"'n <-r the i.iads the
nio-'t Utioi ot taecy '/jnoiietiii aaiaitteJ th"ii ucihry.
and that their property has been enhanced in value by the
roads, instead of being depreciated ; and my whole inves-
tigation of the subject at that time, as well as my observa-
tion and knowledge of the result, has satisfied me that the
street railway and car present advantages far beyond any
existing me.ihod for the tians-portation of passengers through
the streets, and that their tendency israthei to equalize the
value of pioperty, not by depreciating that at the center of
business, but by enhancing that more remote."
Edmund Griffin says:
" I was a member of the Board of Aldermen of the city of
New York in the years 18o0 and 1851. It was at this time that
the project of the various eity railroads, since constructed,
was broached, and the discussions, pro and con, before the
city government, drew my attention to that subject. I have
been (amihai with these projects through^heir construction
and operation, and am satisfied that in no other way could
the requirements of a large citv, in the means of the trans-
position of passengers, be fulfilled with so little inconve-
nience to other travel, or with so little hazard of injury to
private interests. The operation of the railway on Chatham
street has been considcied a test, in regard to the question
of inconvenience to other travel and damage to business and
property, as that street is a great thoroughfare for the east-
ern portion of the city, and is but thirty three feet wide be-
tween the cuibs. The operation of that road has been a
conclusive demonstration that street railways are not only
of great public utility, but that they do not mconvemcnce
and obstiuct the othoi tiavel and business of the street to
any extent compatible with omnibuses, and that their in-
fluence upon the value of property along their line is bene-
ficial. The opeiation of the New Yotk street railwajswas
thoroughly examined by the authorities of Brooklyn city
before the adoption of the system which has been con-
structed in the latter eity. When the system was first pro-
po-ed. the entmj city government, with but two or three
exceptions, were totally opposed to its construction ; but,
alter a year's examination of the New Yoik citv mads, the
government of Hiooklvn adopted an entire b>&iem, radiat-
ing i i various directions through the city."
James S. Libhy, also, says:
<£ I was one of the migmal projectors and constructors of
the Sixth avenue railroad, and pie.-identol the compmy.
The project met with great opposition, as it was ^the fiist
stieet ladway designed exclusively for citv uses. The [I:ir-
leni Raiiroad Company had u&ed small cars between the
park and 27th street, but their load was conducted with
the ordinary T rail, and was inconvenient to oidiuary ve-
I hides m ciossing The piojeet was opposed on theground
j oi this inconvenience. It was aigued that it would inter-
, fere with and incommode the oidinaiy tiavel, and thus
! p'ovc defiiniental to the btwne^ of the street-" throng
! u hieh it passed, and consequently depreciate the value of
i the piopeity. The adoption of giooved rail removed the
I one muioUs difficulty. The i ail way has pioved a great pub-
| h< convoorenei—has enhanced tin; value ot property along
. Us enure hire, and the arguments of the opposition have
i been shown to be entirely groundless.
| '-The opeiation of the railroad in Chatham stieet has
' been the tno.-a peifect icfutation of ail the aiguments oftho
: oppo-crs of street laihvays, as that stieet is the thorough-
i tare for a huge portion of the cuv, and is but tlmtv-thice
feel wide. 1 con- id'-r it to b" pei i'eetlv demonstrated bv the
i opeiation of Ihe street larlu i\soi New Yoik as well as
Biooktvn, that, ptopeily cotMmeted, they aie a great public
1 I eonveiih-ii'e, ,)nd that*they enhance the propcityin then
■ vicnm v and along their line, an 1 that the cars inconvenience
i oidinaiv tiavel less than oninrhu -e-
•• I own valuable ieal e-taie Meiug duectly on the line of
1 the Thud and fannin avenue mub, ihmi their terinin i , op
1 polite tne A^ioi llnu^e, and eon-idei il-' value greatly en
hanceii by the joad-f, norwirn^tandrni fi" -tK^-t, -r.uk
low, being the connection betw> > n Cletthain -1 ft t :nni
; Broadway.) is the ihoioii'jhiaie mi all the tiavel of tiie
| ea-tein [joiiim ol 5lie < ity "
Tins (ioritMUTin^; testtmoiiy of persons thor-
ou hlv familiar with this subject, fully sustains
the position assutttt'd, and seems calculated to dis-
pel the doubts of those most opposed to such pro-
jects. The impression that fust strikes the mind
oft'iosi; not familiar with the question, is, thatthe
same inconvenience would result as Irom large
1 and unwieldy cars n^ed with locomotives, whie.h
would undoubtedly injure the line appearance and
effect of theavenue. The objection, m such case,
docs not hold good in the present one. This is
i the a;;e of progression; as the old-fashioned sta^e
' coaches have given way to splendid steamers and
i railroads, so must the omnibuses yield to the im-
1 provementin daily and houtly tiavel by light and
; tasteful cars upon passenger railways. However
' much wo may bo wedded to old customs and
associations, the people are restive under them
when new and important improvements are ori-
ginated and carried to a successful result. The
country is constantly advancing in its great ca-
j reer, not only by the energy of its people, but
! also by its constant progress m the mechanic and
■! useful arts, m which I believe we excel any other
nation. While science, the arts, literature, and
commerce have been gradually advancing and
; performing their share in the movements of the
! age, the mechanical getnus of our countrymen lias
I developed successive improvements in the mode
' and manner of traveling, and thus facilitated the
I extiaordinary growth of the country, invited so-
' cial intercourse, upd drawn the people of distant
. portions of the Union u\ close proximity.
This project seems to me to be one of import-
ance, involving the convenience and interests, of
the citizens of this metropolis, and those who
may visit it for pleasure or upon business. Street
railways have become indispensible means of
communication between distant portions of cities,
and the center of business, and their suburbs.
I think that if the bill is fairly discussed, and that
careful consideration is given to the subject which
it merits, the prejudices of many gentlemen of the
House will be removed, and we may pass this
bill, authorizing the construction of the railroad.
I move that thebill belaid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope that motion will pre-
vail. This is the only bill I have seen here to-
day that does not ask us to do something for the
people of the District that they ought to do for
themselves.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the first
section of the bill by inserting the words, "sub-
ject to such other regulations as to fares, as Con-
gress may from time to time prescribe." As it
now stands, the amount of fares is fixed abso-
lutely at five cents, and it may happen that in the
course of the next five or ten years that amount
may be very exorbitant. I shall propose also,
at the proper time, to amend the sixth section, by
adding the words, " and to the Congress of the
United States is hereby reserved the right to alter,
amend, or annul this act at pleasure."
Mr. WARD. I believe there is no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. The Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia agreed that this bill might be
reported to the House by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ward.] i am opposed to the*
bill, and was opposed to it as a member of the
committee. I think it would be bad legislation*
for us to authorize the construction of a railroad
along Pennsylvania avenue under any circum-
stances. The gentleman has called the attention
of the committee to the railroads in the city of
New York. I yrunt you that, if Washington
was a city like New York, with a population of
seven hundred and fifty thousand, as New York
proper has, with commerce, trade, arid manufac-
tures, and everything that coes to make up a
great commercial city, then there might be some
reason in the passage of a bill authorizing the
constiuction of a railroad here. But you have a
population of only fifty thousand here. You pro-
pose to lay a track along Pennsylvania avenue,
j and to give the corporators the privilege of run-
j mng cars over that track every three minutes.
i Now, Pennsylvania avenue is the most beautiful
! street in the city; it is the great thoroughfare of
! the city; it is the Broadway of the city. This
,i railroad would not oniy obstruct the passage of
, hacks and omnibuses, but it would interfere with
ii and delay travel of every sort across the avenue
li at the various crossings. Moreover, it would
I' destroy the beauty of the street entirely. And
ij for what> For nothing at all. You surrender
ji this fianchise to this corporation, to this monop-
M oly, without deriving a dollar of benefit from it.
'! Let me state another fact to the committee.
!i There is a proposition now pending before the
j j District Committee, and which was referred to the
ji gentleman from New York at our last meeting,
! from the Metropolitan Railroad Company, who
propose to build this track, and to extend it in
connection with the Baltimore and Ohio Raiiroad,
taking the charter of incorporation on the same
terms as this company, for the same length of
time, and with the right to charge the very same
fare; but they agree to carry the Government
stores, munitions of war, and everything of that
sort, and the United States mails, free of charge.
Now, if you intend to grant this privilege to any
corporation, why not take the one that makes
that oiler? Shall we grant a monopoly to this com-
pany without any corresponding benefit at all?
Mr. KELSEY. Is there any corpoiation cre-
ated by this bill ?
Mr. BURNETT. . I donotthink there is. That
is my opinion as a lawyer.
Mr. KELSEY. It is a mere privilege granted
j! to individuals, or rather to a partnership. _ Nor
;i is there any monopoly in it, because a similar
ji privdegecould be grantedatany time toany^other
|! persons to construct a raiiroad on Pennsylvania
ji avenue, or any other street in the city.
II Mr. BURNETT. It is hardly to be supposed
