1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
apparent fairness on his lips, I fear he has con- ]
mvance in his heart. j
There are, Mr. Chairman, a great many other
topics I would ixke to discuss, connected with
Kansas and outside of Kansas, but my limited
time forbids. Many extraordinary things have
been said, during the discussion of this question,
in both Houses of Congress. A distinguished
member of the Senate [Mr. Hammond,,of South
Carolina] has told us, in a late speech, that the
slaveholders of the South have ruled the country
for sixty out of the seventy years of her existence.
This is extraordinary* but it is nevertheless true;
and the North must acknowledge, with humilia-
tion, the fact that she has so long submitted to
the rule^of an oligarchy, comparatively insignifi-
cant in numbers and weak in actual power The
hlscory of this rule of sixty years is a history of
aggression upon the rights of the North, some-
times vigorously resisted, but oftencr feebly op-
posed and then finally acquiesced in, until an-
other still greater outrage should be committed,
to be again submitted to. This continued sub-
mission, this eternal acquiescence, has dulled the
sensibilities of the people of the North to that ex-
tent, that too many of them confound the surren-
der of sacred rights with the dictates of an honest
patriotism. No sooner has one wrong been com-
mitted and acquiesced in than another is attempt-
ed; and it might be aaid of this power, which has
ruled us in the North for sixty years, as was said
of the controlling power in the French Revolu-
tion, that it " marched from crimes to amnesties,
and from amnesties to crimes."
But, sir, there is another portion of the honor-
able Senator's speech to which I beg leave to al-
lude just here. In speaking of the contingency
of separate organizations, and of the territory and
resources which the South would then have, lie
says:
{i Hut in this territory lios the great vuWuy of the Missis-
sippi, now Hie real, ami soon to he the acknowledged.-sept
of the empire of the world. The sway of that valley will
be at groat as ever the Nile knew m the earlier agts of man-
kind. We own the most 01 it. The most valuable p:ut
of it belongs to us now ; and although tlnwe who have .set
tied above us aie now opposed to u^, another cenemtion
will tell a different tale. They are ouih by all the laws of
nature ; slave labor will go over every foot of this jjieat val-
ley where it will be found profitable"to u-o it, and some of
those who may not use it <ne s.0011 to be united witii u-s by
such ties as will make us one and nuepajable."
In one thing the Senator is right. " The great
valley of the Mississippi" will be the u acknowl-
edged seat of the empire of the world," and the
great and glorious and free State, which I have
the honor to represent in part on this floor, will
be the heart and center of that empire. And it
"will never belong to any southern confederacy;
but it will belong to the Union as it exists under
the Constitution, now and forever, and hereafter,
by an awakened and just public sentiment, to be
interpreted and carried out in the .spirit and ac-
cording to tha intent of the fathers who framed
it. But, let me say further, profitable or not, sla-
very will never curse another foot of Che soil of
that great valley. That which is now free must
be protected for the free white men of our own
country, and of other nations who seek an asy-
lum upon our shores. They may be called " hire-
lings," or " slaves," in the language of the Sen-
ator; but they sue <c slaves" that know no mas-
ters on earth, and acknowledge no superiors;
(t slaves" who break up the prairies, hew clown
the forests, cut through the mountains, build up
cities, towns, and villages, and lay the founda-
tions for empires 011 the eternal basis of virtue,
intelligence, and truth.
I have ever felt proud of the State of my adop-
tion; yet the exalted position she occupies to-day
on the great question of forcing a bastard consti-
tution on an unwilling people, makes rny heart
to swell with still more lively emotions of pride.
It is, indeed, a noble spectacle to see the people
of that great and powerful State, and all its rep-
resentatives in both Houses of Congress, stand-
ing up m defense of the great principles upon
which our republican Government was formed.
The people of Illinois, of all parties, rise up in
mutiny against your attempts to fasten slavery
upon Kansas against the expressed and determ-
ined will of her people.
Threats, persuasions, appeals to party spirit,
arc cquc'ly powerless to induce assent to the ad-
mission of Kansas under that hideous deformity,
i the Lecompton constitution. That people stand
like a wall of fire against all yor.r appliances, and
will forever condemn the outrage,
(i Unawed by influence and unbribed by gain."
For thirty thousand of my own constituents I
enter here a solemn protest against the perpetra-
tion of this gigantic wrong.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, on
no occasion in my life have I risen to speak so
reluctantly as on the present. 1 feel the utter
impossibility of advancing anything new by way
of argument or statement of facts respecting the
matter I am to discuss, and yet I am under an ob-
ligation of duty to present my views and defend
my position.
iFrom the time of the introduction oftheKansas-
Nebraska bill in Congress, in 1854, to the present,
it has been the theme of constant discussion, not
only in the national Legislature, but throughout
the length and breadth of the whole country. No
question of public concernment, within my recol-
lection, has been so thoroughly and ably dis-
cussed. This is by no means marvelous when
we consider the magnitude of the principles in-
volved in its solution and settlement; and what-
ever excitement it may have occasioned, the lights
which have been shed upon all aspects of the
question in the course of this discussion have not
been without their beneficial influence.
| You will remember, sir, that I was a member
j of this House when that bill passed and became
the law of the land. You will remember, too, the
long and exciting struggle through which it bore
itself along to its final passage. You will not fail
to remember, also, that it had no truer or more
devoted fnend than myself. In looking back over
my career, as a member of this House, no act
gives me more pleasure, or brings with it fewer
regrets, than my constant and unwavering sup-
port of that great measure. I believed then, I
believe yet, that the principles of popular sover-
| eignty, as then enunciated,arejustand right,and,
I if faithfully carried out, will forever settle, upon
1 an honorable, fair, and equitable basis, not only
j the question of slavery, but every other question
I of domestic policy properly and of right belong-
| mgto the States and Territories. But, on the con-
j trary, if its letter and spirit, its true intent and
| meaning shall not be respected, its high purpose
i will have failed; civil discord, fraternal strife, sec-
tional collisions, and the more fatal evils which
these will occasion, may be the unfortunate con-
sequences. No man on this floor, to whatever
party he may belong, would deplore this more
deeply than myself; but whatever may come,
whatever troubles or difficulties may arise in the
fateful future, consequent upon the admission of
Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton con-
stitution—if, by possibility, it shall be so admit-
ted—must not be ehaiged to the fair and legiti-
mate woi kings of the provisions of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, but only to the violation and per-
version of its principles.
In the examination of this question, it will be-
come necessary for me to refer to the views of
the President as set forth in his annual message
and in his late special message, from certain of
which I am reluctantly compelled to dissent. I
shall do so; and shaH express my dissent with
all proper respect, but firmly and distinctly. I
entertain a high respect for the honesty and integ-
rity of Mr. Buchanan. He was my first choice
for the high position he now occupies. I aided,
to the full extent of my influence, m securing his
nomination. After his nomination, I devoted my
time, and whatever energy and ability I pos-
sessed, in securing for him the suffrage of the
State which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. In that contest, the most exciting through
which it had ever passed, a glorious triumph
crowned the efforts of our Democracy in the State
election, and did much towards securing that still
more signal triumph which soon followed, and by
which Mr. Buchanan was borne into the presi-
dential office. I have no feeling of hostility to-
wards the l^resident; no disappointments to grieve
over, and no resentments to gratify; nothing but
duty to my constituents and to the country to
influence my action here.
Sir, I think the President has committed a great
political mistake, a fundamental error; and, so
believing, I would be unworthy of a seat here,
derelict in duty, and unfaithful to my constitu-
ents, were I to falsify, or fail to avow, my *cnri-
ments.
What is the issue ? In 1854, Congress passed
an act for the organization of the Territories of
Kansas and Nebraska, commonly called theKan-
sas-Nebraska bill, in and by which it is, among
other things, provided:
"That nothing herein contained should be so construed
as to legislate slavery into or out of any State or Territory,
but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and
regulate tlieir domestic institutions in their own way, sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States."
The President contends that the constitution
formed at Lecompton, in the Territory of Kan-
sas, and which he has submitted to Congress for
its sanction, and with an earnest recommendation
that Kansas shall, under it, be admitted into the
Union, has been legally formed; that it is the em-
bodiment of the will of the people, and is in per-
fect accordance with the provisions of the organic
act to which I have alluded.
I,and those with whom I act, dissent from these
views of the President; and it is to the issue, as
thus presented to the country, that I shall direct
my remarks on thisoccasion. I take the ground,
with every confidence that I shall be able tri-
umphantly to maintain it, that the so-called Le-
compton constitution, which the President has
invoked us to stamp with the solemn seal of our
approbation, is a flagrant violation of the letter
and spirit of the Kansas-Nebraska act; in direct
conflict with the doctrine of popular sovereignty
as enunciated by the Democratic party in the plat-
form of principles adopted by the national con-
vention at Cincinnati, in 185G; in the letter of Mr.
Buchanan, accepting the nomination for the Pres-
idency; in his inaugural address; and in his in-
structions to Governor Walker; and further, Mr.
Chairman, that this so-called constitution was
conceived m fraud, and is now, by trick and strat-
agem, attempted to be forced upon an unwilling
people, against the solemn protest of four fifths
of tiie legal voters of that Territory. I have full
confidence that I shall be able, in the course of my
arguments, to show ail this and more.
I know, sir, that the course which I have seen
proper to mark out for myself, on this question,
will subject me—nay, has already subjected me
—to animadversions, and my motives to misrep-
resentation; but I care not for that. It shall not
deter me from following the dictates of my own
conscience and the lights of my own judgment;
and especially when I have abundant assurance
that, in thus conscientiously performing my duty,
I am reflecting, in the national Legislature, the
almost unanimous will of my constituents.
Gentlemen from the South attribute the opposi-
tion of myself and other northern Democrats to
the Lecompton constitution to the fact that it tol-
erates slavery. I take this occasion to say that
my opposition arises from no such cause; I place
it upon other and higher grounds. 1 am a native
of a slaveholding State. I have no prejudices
against the South, nor against the institution of
slavery where it exists. I make no war upon
the rights of the people of the South. I have de-
fended those rights more frequently than south-
ern gentlemen themselves; because my position,
as a public man, and as a national Democrat of
the North, has required it at my hands. I am again
ready to defend the South whenever she is 111 the
right; and, sir, I here, in my place to-day, make
this solemn declaration, that, if Kansas or any
other Territory of the United States were here,
asking admission into the Union, honestly, fair-
ly, and with a fundamental law recognizing the
institution, I would vote for her admission cheer-
fully, and without a moment's hesitation; provid-
ed that fundamental law was republican in form,
emanated from, and embodied the will of the peo-
ple for whose government it was formed. I would
not stop to inquire one word beyond that; and,
with equal solemnity, I declare that no constitu-
tion tainted with fraud, as this is, and which is
known to be condemned by an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people for whom it is made, shall
ever receive my sanction, in any manner what-
ever. These, sir, have ever been my principles.
I have proclaimed them publicly ever since I have
been in public life. After my vote for the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, I returned home, ai.d was de-
feated for the seat I nawfrc&upy upen thes® prm-
