1858,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs of Kansas—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
vided that census takers and judges of elections
should be appointed by certain county officers.
In this way that usurping Legislature, the illegal
creature of violence and fraud, accumulated all
the active powers of the government in its own
hands, and upheld by the President and the Fed-
eial Array, was the imperious master of Kansas.
Without the support of Presidents and Cabinets,
and the United States Army, they could not have
maintained their power a single day.
The next election having1 any bearing on the
formation of the Lecompton constitution was held
October 1,1856. At this election a delegate to Con-
gress, and members of the Territorial House of
Representatives were to be elected, and the Mis-
sourians were asked to express an opinion on the
question of forming a constitution for their colony
of Kansas. This election was held under laws
passed by the bogus Legislature, and were not the
laws of the people of Kansas, but of their oppres-
sors. The people did not regard the doings of
that creature of the great invasion as constitution-
al and legal,and would not,and never did, demean
themselves so much as to respect or obey them.
At tins election the great body of the people of
Kansas did not vote, and why ?
In the first place, no free-State man could vote
without paying a tax under the territorial laws,
and apparently indorsing the usurpation, and
paying the usurpers for the crimes committed
against them.
In the second place, no free-State man could
vote without being habte to have first adminis-
tered to him, at the polls, a test oath, a thing here-
tofore unheard of m a free country, and ought
never to be tolerated by a five people.
In the thud place all the machinery of the elec-
tions was in the hands of their worst enemies,
selected for their peculiar qualifications for the
duties imposed on them. They were not respons-
ible to either people or law. Their duty was al-
ways to see that votes enough were returned to
clect the pio-s!avcrycandidates, and if they were
responsible to any power, it was to a Legislature
forced on the Terrilory by foreign votes and the
Federal Army. These men could administer
oaths, demand the payment of taxes, and then
mnlxC up the return? to suit the irunfs of the tyrants
who controlled the Territory. Could you expect
men who knew their rights, and when there was
no hope of success, to vote under such humiliat-
ing circumstances? Serfs may consent, but free
Hem never.
Hut again, sir, had they humiliated themselves
before their onpressois, taken the ny w'm ve oaths,
ji-v/ardcd then mastus, in the form of taxes, {or
their scourges, and attempted to set up a rivalry
of honest votes against fraudulent returns, they
could have accomplished but little, even if sne-
er ss was possible against such obstacles, for only
one hianch of the Legislature was to be elected;
and if there was any hope of carrying that, they
could right no wrongs. The Conned, or Senate,
was elected for two years, and held over. If
thoy could have earned the lower House at that
time, against the msui m mutable ob.-.tvuetions
placed in their way, it voivl he.v^ been o Oarren
victory. For with the Senate, 'he exeeutive, the
judiciary, all the machinery for eoiiductmg elec-
tions in full operation, end all county and State
olUctrs against them, they conhi have accom-
plished nothing;. Under such a plate of things,
the free-State men show-'d th'-ir wisdom anu man-
hood by withholding their voles.
You will remembei, Mr. Chairman, that a Del-
egate to Congress and n preventative:; to (be Ter-
litorial Legislative, weio to be chosen, and the
sense of the people taken on eaPieg n constitu-
tional convention. At this election 2\I:\ Whit-
field, the Administration candidate,reenvt d four
thousand two hundred and seventy-six votes,
more than twice as many as the pro-slavery party
ever had in the Tenitory; and by a peculiar ge-
nius they have for making up returns, they could
easily have doubled tins number, had as many
been necessary for theirsuccoss. The vote polled,
or leturned, for Whitfield, showed the extent of
their preparations, and that they had determined
to overcome all opposition, even had the free-
State men appeared at the polls m full force. The
tea J moss of the " Blue Lodgcs^of Missouri, and
th< ir own expertness at bringing up any arrear of
votes by long returns, would have proved equal
to any emergency. At the same time, and at the
same polls from which Whitfield had these four
thousand two hundred and seventy-six votes
returned, the constitutional convention was ap-
proved by only two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two returned votes. This falling off, of
nearly one half, showed great negligence, or in-
ditference, in some branch of the vote-manufac-
turing department. Whether the fault is to be
attributed to the carelessness of their Missouri
friends, and their hurry to get home, or to lazi-
ness or negligence in the directory-c.opying oifi.ee,
the result is certainly not very favorable to a pop-
ular expression for a State organization.
But the rulers of Kansas, in and out of her ter-
ritory, determined that she should become a State,
and a slave State, too, while they couid control
her institutions; and therefore the census and con-
vention law was passed. This law was apparently
fair; and, in the hands of honest men, would have
woiked well enough. Yet it was cunningly con-
trived, and a capital law for the dishonest to com-
mit frauds under. Those who were charged with
its execution could, and did, so execute it in the
several districts as to control the elections in the
districts. The execution of the law was under
the direction of county officers selected by the Le-
gislature, and of course were selected with direct
reference to the nature of the delicate duties to be
required of them.
As, under the new policy adopted by the Ad-
ministration paity for the government of the Ter-
ritories, there was to be no " intervention55 by the
Federal (iovermnonf in them, the curious may fed
soii'i1 inti reto learn the origin of this law. 1
will give them what light Governor Geary throws
upon the subject. His private secretary says, in
a book writuu under the sanction and directum
of the Governor:
Tliih \va.«! the niO't inMJiious scheme to in!) thousands
of freemen of then iijjlit of the elective han<iit-t' that iias
ewi been <i'jvm thio ot an) otliei eououy. The lull
\va  cuMteil with much e:u<- and cunning i v certain Uni-
te I Si'itci Senator* ot Wasinn ;too, unit it-uf, to Lecompton,
with Older* for its adoption without alteration ui umewt-
ntont 15
'• I'pon ascei tuning the nature of this act.Qovci nor flcary,
beloie its passage, >ent tor the chairmen of the committee^
of the tw«> hi au<'h<'■> of the Lrzi dutni e, (iener.U C'otlVy of
the (.'enneil, ami Colonel Aiuh'^on of the Uoiw\ and m-
fonre'd them that, it they would consent to a ci ue-e lelcr-
initf the oon-'titution that m^ht lie formed In iheeonven-
teiii to the eili/.onof the 'IVi i i!«uy <er their ■*•: «T*rii n 01 t f-
P'enon, hcfiiv; itL< ' ein<; Mil,>ieUed to Conirre -.he would
waive ail oihei ohjeetio:.s ami eive it ins appioval.''
The reply of these men was most remarkable.
It comes frotn your own witnesses, told by your
own witid'ss, and truthfully illustrates the whole
page of Kansas hiSloi^. Governor Geary con-
tinues:
" Tne n'ply \va> 5hat tleu -,u^if-':-r;on had already been
AiMy eoie.ur;ed ...id di- -u-• ed. and could not he adopted,
a\ itvnvtd d''/r,'t the o'i<><t of the </«•/, wl.uk win to
ecrme. hci/nnd /no/ p;mof failure, the Tcr)itoix/ of
Kanw to th\: S->i'fh a ^Lu'c State. An) alteration in the
b I! would h" fatal to then projects. pA'cn >hntild t'n-y al-
low tlic*-[vi-i'jl nnnmoanoii to t.'kc p.p t in the election, their
plans would he frustrated. Ttn>>, they caid. wa< their Ki-t
hope, and they eouhi not let the oppoi tuinty pa-4- u:um-
pioved. Tney had ahead), in anhcipatiou of the pro-ei^o
of the hill, s'j ajipiirtioii'.'d the Tcriitury, un-1 ,nni!e no 11 otkci
pi chininnri; that the mu e: of thiM .11 and p' o-
jHot \va< pi-e-ed beyond the leach of any contingency tint
might now oeeui."
Comment on such a scheme of villainy, to cheat
and plunder a people of their rights, is unnr-; es-
sary. My leading object is to examine and 1 ecord
ihe manner in which that census law was execu-
ted, and show how the people of Kansas w <<•
plundeicd of their legal and constitutional rights
uiiu r it. Thoy refuse. 1 to submit the constitu-
tion to be formed to the people,because they knew
the people would reject if, And confessed such
submission " would defeat the only object of the
act." The law provided for taking a census of
the population, and for registering the voters of
the whole Temtoi v, under the direction of the
sheriffs of the counties. It formed nineteen dis-
tricts out of th'.rly-three counties, and provided
that sixty del. gates to the constitutional conven-
tion should be apportioned on the census, to be
ntunud by the census-takers. These census-
takers were appointed m each county by the
sheriff of the county, and no doubt suitable care
was taken to select men fit for the work to be
done. All the counties weie not included within
the districts. Those excluded were disfranchised
by the census law itself, and were Washington,
Marion, Arapahoe, Dickerson, and perhaps one
more. Now, sir, let me examine with some care
these notorious census returns, and the manner
m which they were taken; for out of them grew
the Lecompton convention and constitution.
The leading fact to be noticed is, that returns
of the census were made from only fourteen of
the thirty-three counties in which the law imper-
atively required the census to be taken; leaving
nineteen counties of the thirty-three from which
110 census returns were made. These nineteen
counties, with the four not districted, makes twen-
ty-three from which no return of population was
made. Feeling that some excuse for such an out-
rage against the rights of a free people would be
demanded by the country, it was first said that
the people refused to come forward and be regis-
tered. Hut finding they could not stand on such
an impotent apology—that it was the duty of the
officers to £0 among the people, from house to
house, and take the number of the whole popu-
lation, and post up the names of the voters that
each might see that his name was registered, the
ground of defense was changed.
It is now said that the people of the disfran-
chised counties would not permit the census to be
taken in them. On what proof, sir, does a charge
so unnatural and groundless rest? If the officers
had been piovented from perfoiming their duty,
witnesses would have multiplied upon you m
scores. Onlv one witness in all the disfranchised
cou'itiey has been hunted up, and his testimony
does not sustain the charge. This man was a
jud,ge of probate under the usurpers, and only
swears that any attempt to take the census would
be dangerous, it does not appear that any attempt
was made to take it until after the time in which
it was legal to take it had expired. If the sheriff
and his deputies weie prevented fiom peiforming
their duty, why do they not speak? They are
your own witnesses; produce them. But the cen-
sus vas taken in that county, though not within
the time required by law; aud when this bogus
judge undertook to manipulate the returns, he says
the people objected. The objection then was not
to having the census taken, but to having him
correct the returns after the Oxford and McGee
fashion. lie was an old oifender, and the people
knew with whom they were dealing. Does any
one believe that if the sbeiifls had been expelled
and driven out of these nineteen counties, or in
any way prevented from complying with the law,
some one of these exiled gentlemen could not be
found to testify to the fact? If the sheriffs had
reason to apprehend obstructions any where, it was
in the strong free-State county of Douglas, more
especially m the city of Lawrence, the council-
ground of the free-State party. But they were
not obstructed there, nor do I believe they were
anywhere. The whole storyis an afteithought,
invented as an excuse for a designed neglect of
duty. The people wanted to be registered that
they might vote against the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and 111 some case<5> where no census-taker
had hften near them, requested the Governor to
have1 the law executed.
it has been said there are no people in some of
these disfranchised counties, because no vote was
k turned from them on the 4th of January, when
the fiec Siaie men voted down the Lecompton con-
stitution by over ten thousand majonty. True,
ihere was a vote in only a portion of those coun-
ties, but it was owing entirely to the short time
between the passage of the law, and the day the
nouee"- for meetings were required to be lip, and
not to a want of population. The counties were
distant;no mads running,the expense of sending
out me.ssengt rs from one. to two hundred miles,
with notices, was not incurred. The notices were
sent by private hands as oppoi tunny offered, and
many of them were not leceived m time to be
posted according to law, ami 110 meetings were
held. The fact that the^e counties were organ-
ized, county seats designated , and county officers
cippointed, is proof thu they had a population,
and county business to bo done. The vote against
the Lecompton constitution in thirteen of these
disfranchised counties, where no census was taken
under tho pro-slavery census act. was, on the 4th
of January last, three thousand three hundred
