314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March §1,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs of Kansas—Mr. Morse.
Ho. of Reps.
and sixty-one votes; and, for the reasons I have
stated, no vote was polled in the distant coun-
ties.
But, Mr. Chairman, another signmcant fact in
this disreputable history is, that a list of voters
was returned from five counties where no cen-
sus of population was taken or returned. Now,
how were these names procured ? If the census-
takers went through these counties and hunted
up and recorded the name of each voter, how
easy it would have been for them to have taken
a census of the population, as the law required;
or are we to infer that after registering the names
of all the men they were driven out by the women
and children? But, sir, these five counties were
not perambulated by the sheriffs or their depu-
ties, to register the names of voters only. The
object in taking the census was to ascertain the
population of Kansas, preparatory to admission
into the Union; and they would not, without a
tangible object, set aside a portion of their own
law in these five counties, and execute a portion.
The truth is, they disregarded the law entirely,
and executed no portion of it in these counties.
They took the old poll-books or check-lists, that
had been through the border-ruffian wars, and
copied such names as suited their purpose, and
none others. No decent excuse has been attempted
for this clear neglect of duty, and open violation
of their own law. These nineteen countics were
unquestionably disfranchised by design. It was
a part of the plan of the plotters to get control of
the convention. As none could vote except those
whose names were registered under this census
law, they took carc that a majority of the names
registered were of their own party. When Kan-
sas fell short of making out the number, the old
poll-books showed them who were to be called in
from Missouri. They were very choice in their
selection, declining to register thousands of fiee-
State men, and adding a great multitude of non-
residents and strangers to the lists of their own
friends, to place their success beyond a peradven-
ture.
But, sir, this is not all. The capacity of the
oppressors of Kansas for crime seems to he inex-
haustible. The election districts were formed by
the census law, and each was to be represented in
the convention in proportion to the number of
votes returned, so that the usurpers knew precisely
how many voters of their own stripe to throw into
the districts to give them iho convention. An ex-
ample of their skill at this kind of calculation is
shown by the fact that the voters were so registered
ns to give six counties, all stretching along the
Missouri boundary line, thirty-three■> a majority of
su', out of the sixty delegates, These counties
are Doniphan, Atchison, Leavenworth, Johnson,
Lykins, and Linn, and have only about one quar-
ter of the population of the Territory, and yet bad
six majority in the convention th.it adopted this
constitution. This was done that the aid of Mis-
souri could bo easily called in, and in any event
make sure of the convention. These census-takers
did not pay the slightest attention to either law or
justice, but rambled over the country, pickingout
men here and there, or sat in some border shant y,
manufacturing returns just as the wants of their
party required. Else why were the nineteen coun-
ties purposely and deliberately disfranchised, and
allowed no voice or vote m the convention that
was to form the constitution under which they
were to live? Why were more than half the
actual inhabitants of Kansas turned out of the
convention, and treated as strangers and aliens?
Why, in the counties where they pretend to have
gone, was " one taken and another left ?" Why
did they, sitting in some Colonel Boon's store,
across the border, manufacture voters for five
counties from the oid poll-books of the ruffian in-
vasion? Why did they so contrive the registry
and census as to give six border counties, laying
along the Missouri State line, a majority of six in
the convention based on about one quarter of the
population ? There is, there can be, but one an-
swer to these questions. It was done to give a
small minority of not one fifth of the ncfunl popu-
lation, the molding of the institutions of Kansas.
These extraordinary proceedings have not even
the forms of law to stand upon, and taken as a
whole hardly have a parallel for crime m Amer-
ican history.
The free-State men perfectly understood the de-
sign of their oppressors; they knew that but few !
of their names were allowed to go upon the re- '
gisters, and that they could not be entered there in
sufficient numbers to be of the least service to the
cause of freedom. They could not, therefore, with
any manliness and self-respect, participate in a
contest already determined against them. What
could those steadfast, but cheated and oppressed,
men do but stand silent and sad spectators at the
grave of freedom, while their oppressors went
through the forms and mockery of an election?
This mock election for delegates was held, at
which about two thousand two hundred votes
were polled, about one thousand seven hundred
of which, legal and illegal, were for the success-
ful candidates, being about one half the number
thrown in thirteen of the disfranchised counties
against the Lecompton constitution, on the 4th of
January last. With only these one thousand seven
hundred votes to stand upon, these representa-
tives of faction within, and power without the
Territory, met in convention to form a constitu-
tion for a new State, against the known wish
and the determined opposition of the great body
of the people of Kansas. These delegates, the
mere instruments of a relentless power that stood
behind them, metin convention and adopted, with
slight modifications, the constitution prepared for
them in this city, and submitted to the people the
single question of taking it with the external slave
trade open to them, or with the slave trade confined
within the limits of the State. The people could
not vote against the constitution as a whole. The
question of slavery even, was not submitted. It
was only the introduction of slaves from other
States that they weie allowed to prohibit, while
each voter, by an odious test oath, administered
at the polls before voting, could be made to swear
that he would forever protect slavery as it existed
within the limits of that State.
The free-State men, aside from the fact that the
great body of them were disfranchised and ex-
pelled from the pedis, declined to take the oath of
tyranny,and vote /or the Lecompton constitution.
They well knew that if they sanctioned slavery
as it existed, and bound themselves by oath to
support it, the natural increase would be enor-
mous,and extend to all the slave-breeding States
in the Union; and that all who desired it would
find a way to get slaves into Kansas, in spite of
the prohibition on the external slave trade. Such
of them as the usurpers had condescended to ad-
mit to the registers, could not vote under the hate-
ful conditions imposed on them, without disgrace
to themselves—without divesting themselves of
the rights and character of American freemen,
and sinking their manhood into the basest servil-
ity. You ought to know them better by this time
than to expect they would have voted under the
scourge of such a hateful tyranny. You ought
to honor them for their strong, manly chcuacter,
and their steadfastness to the great principles of
American liberty. Yet, confronted by this long
catalogue of wrongs, you continue to ask: why
1 did not thev ? why did not they vote ? and because
i they would not become your tools, obey orders,
and march up with bowed heads and tardy step,
to place the yoke upon their own necks, you de-
nounce them as rebels. Rebels, indeed ! What-
ever may be their fate, or the fate of the Republic
—whether it is preserved, as 1 trust it will be,
as a guiding star to the nations of all time—
whether, like all its predecessors, it shall go down
in blood, or sink into servility, its manhood lost
beneath the tramp of despotism, or a slave-ex-
panding oligarchy, the " lcbels of Kansas" will
have a bright and luminous page in the history
of liberty. Their four long years of patient suf-
fering, of hardy endurance in the cause of freedom,
will be remembered and cherished by patriots,
while the authors of their wrongs, in and out of
Kansas, will be known only as the oppressors of
man and the enemies of liberty.
! Many of the friends of the Lecompton consti-
tution, in and out of Kansas, had a gathering
there on the v21st of December last, to go through
the form of adoption. Many non-residents were
there in person, but more by proxy. They did
their best to poll a large vote, because it was ne-
cessary to show by some means that their pet had
some friends in Kansas as weil as in Washing-
ton; for they could not expect to establish a State
government without people to support it. The
entire pro-slavery force m Kansas was, therefore,
got to the polls, and the powerful aid of their
Missouri friends again invoked to come to their
rescue, in their last great blow at the liberty of
Kansas. The judges of elections at the several vo-
ting places returned six thousand two hundred and
twenty-six votes for the constitution as formed,
and a few hundred against the external slave trade.
A portion of this vote was conclusively proved to
be fraudulent. On the 13th of January last, the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, now for the first
time free-State, appointed a board of commission-
ers to investigate these election frauds. These
commissioners had not time to make investiga-
tions at all the precincts or places of voting, be-
cause they wished to lay the facts brought to light
before Congress, to show, as far as practicable,
the real vote for the Lecompton constitution, be-
fore the vote on the admission of Kansas was here
taken. For this reason they had time to pursue
their investigations at only four precincts, and the
number of illegal votes, shown to have been re-
turned at these places, is as follows:
At Ktokapoo       700
At Delawaie City.   145
At Oxford 1,200
At Shawnee  675
9,720
They had the original returns before them; the
judges of elections, the clerks, and other actors
in these fraudulent transactions as witnesses, and
the proof is strong and overwhelming. By de-
ducting the illegal votes, proved to have been
returned from these four places, the vote for the
constitution is reduced to less than three thousand
five hundred. Had the commission found time
to pursue its investigations at other places, I have
no manner of doubt but that the real vote for this
constitution would have been reduced to less than
two thousand. Now, sir, does the small vote by
which the delegates who formed this constitution
were elected, and the almost equally small vote
by which any portion of it was sanctioned by the
people, form a decentcxcuse for the attempt here
making tp force this obnoxious constitution on
the people of that Territory? No, sir; no apol-
ogy can be found in this small vote, the condition
of the Territory, or her insufficient population.
The reason is purely political, and has no connec-
tion with the wants or prosperity of Kansas.
I have thus attempted—and I think successfully
—to answer the question, " why did not the peo-
ple vote. ?" so often put with an air of triumph on
this floor, and elsewhere; and to show that m no
case connected with this Lecompton constitution
have the people of Kansas been allowed the rights
of suflrage, or the privileges belonging to Amer-
ican citizens; that, in every case of an election
connected with it, they have been either driven
from the polls by multitudes of armed ruffians
from without the Territory, and outvoted by ille-
gal and foreign votes, or completely disfranchised
1 by having their names excluded from the check-
lists; sometimes cheated by long rolls of false re-
turns, made up to order, and at other times kept
away by such hateful test oaths as no American
can submit to without a sense of degradation.
Throughout all these persecutions the General
Government was sovereign m the Territory, and
sanctioned and upheld, with the military power
of the Union, the lawless freebooters who seemed
to be congregated there for the work of oppression
and plunder. I have also attempted to trace down
the history of this Lecompton constitution, and
show that it did not originate with the people of
Kansas, or grow out of the action of any legally-
organized body of men there. The Legislature
1 that passed the law to take the sense of the peo-
I! pie on the question of forming a State government
'! was brought into being by invasion, fraud, and
violence; and did not receive a majority of the
legal votes polled. One branch of this same Le-
gislature (the Senate) was in power, having been
chosen for two years, when the census and con-
vention law was passed; and it will hardly be con-
tended that an illegally-constituted body can make
valid laws: besides, the people were prevented
from electing the lower branch by the facts and
circumstances I have before descnoed. The elec-
