1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
tioned the propriety of such submission, while its wisdom
is too appaient to be doubted, where the will of the people
is the acknowledged source of all power." * * * i
"The Constitutionalist insists that Governor Walker was
wrong in declaring that the constitution, if not submitted to i
the popular vote, would be, and ought to be, rejected by |
Congress; and we are asked to answer whether this is not i
a presumptuous interference. We answer, that it was no
Federal interference with the slavery question for the G ov-
ernor to express the opinion that a constitution not sub-
mitted to a popular vote would be rejected by Congress.
Congress have no power to reject a constitution framed by
the people of a new State for anything that is put into or left
out of it, provided it be republican. But whether it does or
does not express the popular sentiment, is a question of fact,
which Congress must determine on evidence. The best
evidence which the nature of the case admits of, i«? the vote
of the people upon it, after it is framed. If that evidence
should be withheld in the case of Kansas, with all its pecu- |
liar circumstances, the chances are a thousand t& one that 1
Congress will not be satisfied with any other evidence. The j
prediction of Governor Walker was therefore true, in all
human probability, and his warning timely and just."
No complaint was uttered by them as to any
part of his policy, until a change in their own pol-
icy began to be indicated, in the month of Novem-
ber last. Then it was determined that popular
sovereignty was a thing of convenience; well
enough to use as a mere name, in election time,
but not of sufficient moment to amount to an ob-
struction, when a question of expediency was con-
cerned. Instead of the momentous significance
we had all (the President inclusive) professed to
attach to it, it was construed to admit of the in-
terpretation that the pitiful minority who actually
voted for the constitution, by permission of Cal-
houn and his associates, really meant the major-
ity of the people; while the overwhelming major-
ity who voted against the constitution,under the
equally lawful authority of the Territorial Legis-
lature, were not the people, but only a band of
rebels! Popular sovereignty might mean that the
minority in Kansas should rule the majority, in-
asmuch as the majority could not and would not
vote to suit! that, under the rule of this minority,
the Representatives of thirty-one States must be
called upon to force into the Union, as a State, a
Territory, four fifths of whose citizens have pro-
tested, in every possible form, against its admis-
sion upon the terms proposed !
Sir, I have listened with more than ordinary
interest to this discussion, waiting anxiously to
hear some gentleman on the other side explain
away or reconcile this sudden change—this, to
me, strange inconsistency in the President's pres-
ent and past position; but watting in vain. Tiiey
have not attempted the task I am sure they can-
not accomplish it; but steadily keeping this point
out of view, and ever evading the true question,
content themselves with vague legal technicalities,
or still mure vague generalities.
It is true, sir, that it is no crime for men to
change their opinions; but can the Administration
regai d a portion of us as out of the party, because
wo, too, have not changed in this instance, but
stand firmly where we have ever stood, and where
the Administration stood with us so recently?1
It has been stated here, in debate, that we oppose
the constitution because it has not been formed
under the permissory provisions of an enabling
act passed by Congress. J maintain no ssuch
ground. That Congiess has power to pass such
tin act, and has, on many occasions, exercised this
power, Iadmit. I believe that course to be strictly
legal and proper, and pcihaps the most tegular;
and should the Lecompton constitution be de-
feated, I hold myself in readiness to vote for an
enabling act for the Terntoi y of Knnsas. (f my
recollection is not at fault, every Democratic mem-
ber of both branches of Congress voted for the bill
of Senator Toombs, to enable Kansas to foim a
constitution and come into the Union, duung the
first session of the last Congress, and their course
was univei sally approved by the Democratic party
North and South. It was regarded as the olive
branch of peace held out by our party to the Op-
position, and was an element of strength in the
contest of 185fi. If it was then right, I cannot see
why it should be wrong now. But I care not by
what authority the people of a Territory may
form a constitution; it may be under an enabling
act; it may be under an act of the Territorial Le-
gislature; or it may be by the spontaneous act of
the sovereign people themselves, in their primary
assemblies. 1 care not for the mode; all I want
to know is, that i t is republican in form, and em-
bodies the will of the people for whose govern-
ment it is intended: then, sir, it will receive my
hearty approbation, but without'these essential
and life-giving qualities, never!
Again: gentlemen impute our opposition to the
fact that this constitution has not been submitted
to the people for their approval or disapproval.
I do not contend that such submission is legally
essential. This is, certainly, the surest method
of ascertaining the fact that it embodies the will
of the people, and is the safest and most desirable
rule in practice. I know, that in the early his-
tory of this Republic, Statef were admitted with-
out such submission. It might still be done where
the evidences were palpable that there were no
controversies about it; that the peopleapprove it.
But, sir, is this the case with the Lecompion con-
trivance ? No, sir; we have the positive evidence
before us to-day, of its disapproval by four fifths
of the voters of the Territory; a disapproval ex-
pressed with all the needful forms of law, and as
peacefully and decorously expressed as the pre-
vious meager approval. The science of govern-
ment is progressive like everything else in hu-
man affairs; and now, I believe, every State in the
Unionhassubmitted itsconstitution to the people
for ratification, either originally or when subse-
quently amended. '
I maintain that the constitution of Kansas has
\' been submitted to the people and rejected, and I
'i ask why are we here discussing the propriety of
I recognizing it ? It is assumed that the vote taken
j in the manner prescribed by the constitutional
.! convention was final, and that by that vote the
:j constitution became the paramount law of Kan-
I gas; and this assumption is necessary to make the
;i position of the friends of this constitution tenable
I; for a moment. Now we have the authority of Mr.
ji Buchanan himself for the proposition that, witli-
|j out an enabling act, the machinery by which the
ji people of a Territory attempt to gam admission as
ij a State, being m derogation of the territorial au-
I thorities, legislative and executive, has no force
I in law; and the acts of the people m this behalf
j only amount to a petition to Congress; that the
'j modes of application are immaterial, and the forms
, of proceeding are like the scaffolding of a build-
| ing, to be removed when the edifice is complete;
!' and that the sanction of Congress is what gives
.| vitality to the constitution. In the Lecompton
'! constitution it is thrice repeated that the constitu-
| tion is to be submitted to the people for " ratifica-
tion or rejection." If Mr. Buchanan's theory is
true,the authority of the KansasTcmtorial Legis-
lature is not yet abrogated; and as the constitution
itself provides that it must be submitted for rati-
fication or rejection, and the convention which
( framed it did not provide a mode whereby it
] should be submitted for ratification or rejection,
I the act of the Legislature in providing the mode
I is in harmony with the requirements of the Con-
j stitution itself, and has not only such force of
! lawful authority as existed in the Legislature, but
i also whatever legal sanction the vciy essence of
i the Constitution itself could give. The right to
j petition includes the right to remonstrate; and if
; Congress is in duty bound to regard the petition
! of the voters on the 21st of December, under how
j much greater obligation are they placed to regard
! the remonstrance of those who voted on the 4th of
i January? Why,sir, noionlydoesthis very con-
( stitmlon assert the inherent right of the people to
! change their constitutions at will, and whenever
, they please, but many of you echo this doctrine.
| If this right inheies in the people, whether in a
| State or Territory, it includes the right to abrogate;
' and as the people are sovereign, their act is law,
under whatever forms it is done. If, then, I grant
i your proposition, that this constitution became
' the law paramount of Kansas in December last,
' it ceased to be so m January. So much for the
| technical legal sophistries by which the friends
! of this constitution attempt to prop Us rottenness,
I and give consistency to its tottering foundations,
i But the President says in his annual message:
| "The convention were not bound by its terms [theterms
j of the Nebia-ska-Kan-sa?- bill] to submit any other pmtiouof
i that ln-trumenr [flip constitution] to an election, except
j that which 1 elates to the ' domestic institution'ot slavery."
| This is a remarkable assumption. What gave
| rise to the provision in the Kansas-Nebraska act
I (t that the people should be left free to form and
■ regulate their domestic institutions in their own
j way r" Why, Congress had, from time to time,
1 legislated on the subject of domestic slavery, but
had never assumed the authority to legislate upon
any other of the domestic institutions of the States
or Territories. Hence Congress ignored the right
it had before assumed to legislate on that institu-
tion, and left it on the same footing with all other
domestic institutions of the States and Territories,
to be controlled, like them, by the people whum
they directly concerned; and I think it would be
difficult, indeed, to make any well-informed per-
son give it a different construction. Again the
President says:
"5 Domestic institutions' are limited to the family. The
relation between master and slave, and a few others, are
' domestic institutions,' and are entirely distinct from insti-
tutions of a political fhsuaoter. Beside*, there was no ques-
tion then betore Congress, nor indeed has theie since been
anyseuous question'before the people ol Kansas or the
couritrv, except that winch relates to the 1 dome^ic institu-
tion' ofslaveiy."
This assumption is still more novel and remark-
able. If domestic institutions are limited to "the
relation of master and slave, and a few others,"
the "few others" may be as important to the
people as ( i the relation of master and slave," and
they, by the President's own showing, are in-
cluded in the terms of the act, and should have
been submitted to the people; and why, let me
ask, not submit the few others, as well as that
one? Until this ingenious discovery of the Pres-
ident,! venture the assertion thatjnobody dreamed
of giving to the phrase " domestic institutions,"
as used in the Kansas-Nebraska act, a nanowcr
scope than that of embracing all institutions be-
longing to a Territory or a State, as contradistin-
guished from those placed under the control of
Congress by the Federal Constitution.
I must insist that the President is mistaken
when he says there was no question before Con-
gress, when the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed, but
that of slavery. It is true that was the engross-
ing and exciting question; but it will not do to say
that Congress had no other object in view, when
! they said the people should be left free " to form
| and regulate their domestic institutions m their
own way/'and that they intended to concede to
them the power to form and regulate slavery, and
nothing else. Sir, the terms used are too broad
and comprehensive for that. No man can mis-
take what are domestic institutions as applied to
; a State or Territory. Banks, revenue laws,
i courts of judicature, and, in fine, everything
i which is local to the State or Territory, and not
| national, is embraced under the term " domestic
j institutions.5' But suppose the position of the
| President to be true, that" domestic institutions"
j has reference to shivery alone, and that by the
t terms of the Kansas-Nebraska bill the convention
J weie not bound to submit any other portion of
i the constitution but that m lefetence to slavery
! to an election of the people: has even that ques-
| tion been fairly submitted to a vote of the people
j of Kansas? This is an important inquiry. The
! Pies f'ient says it was " clearly and distinctly pre-
sented to the people at the election held on the
21st of December last, by virtue of the schedule
to the Lecompton constitution." I think it was
not. This schedule, in defining the mode of sub-
mission, says, " the ballots cast at said election
shall be indorsed 4 constitution with slavery,' or
' constitution withoutslavery.' " Hence, for the
privilege of voting on this single question, the
voter was compelled to vote for the constitution,
i whether he approved it or not. Yes, sir, he wds
| bound to swallow it oil, whether it was good or
I bad, just o;- unjust, in his estimation, or be ex-
cluded from the privilege of taking any port m
the settlement of the question of slavery. Tins
is the " clear and distinct" manner in which, as
the President assures us, the question of slavery
has been presented to the people of Kansas. This
is the President's mode of "leaving the people
perfectly fee to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way." Is this carrying
out in good faith the pledge of the President
" that when such a constitution shall be submit-
ted to the people, they must be protected m the
exercise of their right to vote for or against that
instrument, and the fair expression of thc popular
will must not be interrupted by fiaud or violence ?"
I think not. It may come tip to the Presi-
dent's present views of justice and fairness, but
will, I opine, fall far short of satisfying independ-
ent freemen. The President was doubly pledged
to maintain, in letter and spirit, the Kansas-Ne-
braskaact; pledged voluntarily to the Democratic
party, and the whole American people, by his ex-
