906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB,
there are existing, some cases which demand this
species of action on the part of the President, I
can see no danger on account of the delay which
may thus be interposed. It is perfectly clear that
the President must necessarily take much time in
order to satisfy himself where those cases are, and
which they are. During that time, vacancies may
occur; at all events the proper cases for liis action
may be ascertained, and he may place his opin-
ions upon record so that they shall appear to his
successor, whoever he may be, and he may ex-
amine them—the law is permanent-—and when-
ever a vacancy occurs in the active service, then
the effect of the law will remain.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me as if
there was an effort to enlist the mere sympathy
of Congress against its better and maturer judg-
ment. Feeling that, and, as I said, having heard
nothingfrom reports of committees, or otherwise,
to satisfy me of the imperious necessity of this
action, I have not been able to bring myself to
the conclusion that I ous;ht to vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to make any remarks on this subject.
I know the embarrassment under which I should
labor in doing so; I am laboring under severe
hoarseness; but it seems to me that the Senator
from Michigan lias misapprehended the object
of this resolution, and misconceived the effect it
will have, if the course which those who favor a
reconsideration have in view be adopted. If I un-
derstood one remark which he made, he appears
to believe that it would operate in such a way as
to defeatthe more mature judgment that has been
expressed in relation to these men. Do I under-
stand the Senator aright ?
Mr. STUART. 1 stated that it seemed to me
to be an effort to enlist the sympathy, instead of
the maturer judgment, of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is the design of others,
it has never been mine, as one of the members of
this body, to enlist the sympathy of the Senate,
or to endeavor to excite its indignation. I think
the injustice done by the retiring board was such
as to appeal to the national sympathy, and to excite
the most indignant feelingfor the wrongs inflicted
by that board on individuals; and the partiality,
the pandering to the inducements of ambition, the
selfishness, which were palpable, ought to have
appealed to the whole nation. But, sir, I desire
nothing but the deliberate judgment of the Senate
to be exercised on this occasion; nor would I, if I
were capable, invoke any other agent than the
mature judgment of the Senate. Why, sir, we
are told that the President has it not in his power
to examine into these cases. It is said that after
the most elaborate and searching examination by
the courts, the result has been reported to the
President, and, if we believe the newspapers, he
has lent his sanction to it, and sent that sanction
to the Senate for their action in most of the cases
presented to the courts.
But, sir, there may be cases where prejudice,
where perjury, where contrivances of a mischiev-
ous character have been employed to prejudice in-
dividuals; and, in such extraordinary instances,
when an appeal is made to the Executive, he ought
to have an opportunity of examining the matter.
This resolution will not impose on him the neces-
sity of examining all the records in all the cases;
but only in such cases as are of peculiar hard-
ship. We ask that the Executive-may, when he
has leisure, be allowed to examine thoroughly,
and see upon what evidence these officers have
been degraded, or upon what testimony justice
has been denied to them. Sir, it only gives the
President the privilege of examining, in extraor-
dinary cases, and making restorations of officers
to the situations from which they were wrongfully
driven. That is the objectof the joint resolution,
if I understand it. Nothing else is sought to be
attained in a reversal of the former vote of the
Senate. Itisnotdisrespectful to the bodyto pro-
pose that it should reconsider its action, if that
action has been premature, or if the subject has
not been fairly presented, or if its action was taken
hastily, as is the case with many matters in this
body, when measures are presented by the chair-
man of a committee—they are taken upon faith.
_ I shall not now carefully animadvert upon the
circumstances attending this measure from its
inception to its terrific consummation, because I
have an occasion in reserve when I will lay open
to the public eye matters which, when examined,
will invoke the indignation of the whole commu-
nity; but this is not the occasion on which to do
it. The joint resolution merely proposes to ex-
tend to tlie Executive the right to restore officers
who have been wrongfully driven from the service,
where the President is satisfied that great wrong
and injustice have been done to them, and that
their restoration will be an act of justice and a
reward of merit. That is all it contemplates. It
is all that is desired by its friends—that justice
should be awarded to such as have suffered injus-
tice, and that right should be done where wrong
has been inflicted. There is no other object, so
far as I am interested in this matter, than to have
sheer justice accorded to individuals in cases where
the Executive is satisfied that wrong has been com-
mitted. It is the highest duty of the national rep-
resentatives, in their collective wisdom, to make
reparation to individuals who have been wronged.
If an insult were offered to the national flag, the
nation would then rise in its majesty; but, here,
the complaints of an individual who has been
stricken down unjustly while in the service of his
country, are to be disregarded because of his want
of friends, of patronage, or of influential connec-
tions! No matter how audibly the appeal may
be made in behalf of justice, it is not regarded,
because he can be thrown aside unheeded. Influ-
ence, power, patronage, contrivance, corruption,
and perjury, have ail been invoked for his de-
struction; and yet there is no remedy for the
wrong. Are we to submit to such wrongs when
it is only necessary to say that the Executive shall
have the right, where he is satisfied that injustice
has been done, to make reparation and to restore
the individual to a position which he has merited,
either by long service or by gallant deeds; or, per-
chance, purchased with his blood in the hour of
peril?
Unless you adopt the motion to reconsider, and
pass the resolution without the proviso of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter]—unless you
accord this privilege to the President, all these
wrongs may be inflicted upon individuals without
the hope of redress; irreparable injury may be
committed, affecting not only them but their fam-
ilies who are dependent on the pittance which they
receive from the Government. I sincerely hope,
sir, that Senators, considering the importance of
this matter to individuals, to the national honor,
and to the glory of its flag, will all vote to extend
that justice which is asked. We simply propose
that where the Executive is satisfied that wrong
has been done, and that it is right to repair that
wrong, he shall have the power to remedy it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I hoped when I
attempted to explain this resolution on Monday,
and to make my objections to the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia, that I had answered
some of those points which have been again pre-
sented to-day. I stated then, as nearly as I can
now recollect, what I am sure is the fact, that the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia deprives
those persons contemplated by the resolution of
the whole of the remedy which it is proposed to
give, for it must be apparent that the operation
of this proviso is to leave, not only immediately,
but for a long time to come, any one who shall
receive the benefit of the resolution, upon the re-
served list. I hardly supposed it to be necessary
to argue to the Senate, after having so fully con-
sidered this whole question, that officers retired
as disabled or incompetent to command were not
afterwards in the line of promotion. The prop-
osition is so self-evident, so startlingly true, that
I was utterly at a loss when the Senator from
Michigan took up the thread this morning as
though it had never been broken.
Why, sir, we have been laboring to very little
purpose indeed, if all this examination has re-
sulted in discovering here and there men who were
unfit to command, and placing them on a reserved
list where they are to stand for promotion—not
retired from active service, as was the contem-
plation of the law—but put aside for promotion.
What will be the effect of it ? Merely to provide
by law that the officer shall hold the place which,
if there had been no law, he would have held. An
officer waiting orders on shore, applying to com-
mand a vessel, but receiving no command, is in
the exact condition of an officer on the reserved
list with leave pay, except that he has the right
of promotion. He has the right to succeed to
vacancies in a higher grade when they occur; but
whilst on shore waiting orders on leave, or on
furlough, he is in the exact condition in which
gentlemen seem to contemplate an officer on the
retired list. I am sure the very intelligent chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs would
never have struggled from day to day, and week
to week, to get a retired list, if that was all the
effect of it.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator understood me
as advocating that doctrine, he is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you not hold that position ?
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad I misunderstood the
Senator, and I am happy to be corrected. Then
I proceed to the next branch of the argument—that
if officers of the Navy on the retired list are to be
promoted at all, they should be promoted when
vacancies occur. Why, sir, that is adding insult
to injury. Are you to say that you are to put
him on the reserved list, that you are to promote
his subordinates over his head, and there to let
him stand, though you admit the justice of his
claim, until vacancies shall occur, in order that
he may slip beneath those whom he formerly out-
ranked ? The man who would accept such pro-
motion would not be fit to command in your ser-
vice. I would not trust him with the honor of
the country.
This must be done at the present time, and it
must be done in the form of'restoration; and in
that way alone can you save the honorable pride
of the service. To postpone it in order that he
may succeed to a vacancy beneath some young
gentleman whom he trained when a midshipman,
would be to offer the highest indignity that any
man worthy to wear the military uniform of his
country could receive. Therefore I say the pro-
viso of the Senator from Virginia takes from the
resolution all that is valuable in it, saving here
and there some individual cases where an officer
has been dropped entirely from the Navy, and
may come back to the furlough or the leave list,
and there receive the poor pittance that the Gov-
ernment may be willing to dole out to him.
As I said on Monday, my sympathy was ex-
cited for these men—I plead guilty to the charge
which the Senator from Michigan makes that I
have sympathy; and I thought, as I listened to
him, in his remarks this morning, that however
his ears might have been belabored, his judgment
was secure. I am n<jt without sympathy, and I
trust I shall never live long enough to be without
it. I have not been harassed by the importunity
of gentlemen who have suffered. I admit, sir,
that when I have met those whom I believed to
be worthy of better treatment, and deserving of
the gratitude of the country, and seeing the pul-
sations of a heart crushed by a sense of injustice
andingratitude,Ihavefeltwounded, and regretted
that I had not the power to redress the wrong.
But, sir, the propriety of the law in its beginning
is a question which I think it is unnecessary now
todiscuss. I thoughtsome provision which would
place on an honorable list those officers who were
no longer fit to command was desirable. I thought
a list, which should contain those men who had
been distinguished in their country's service, who,
from wounds and from old age, had become un-
fitted for active service longer, and which should
there leave them in comfort the balance of their
days, was what the country owed, what the good
of the country demanded, what the interests of
the Navy absolutely required. As to the execu-
tion of the law, I do not concur with the Senator
from Michigan that a great fault was committed
in not examining a record which the law did not
require to be made. I think it might have been
as well to reject the whole action of the board,
because there was not a record; but I cannot con-
ceive how either the Secretary of the Navy or the
President could have laid his finger on this or
that case, and said this is approved and that is
disapproved. It came to them in gross; it came
to them without a record and without evidence.
The only regret I have, is that they did not re-
ject it in gross as it came, and require in each
case a separate record.
Then came the remedial action of Congress.
That remedial action provided for an inquiry and
a record which had not been provided in the first
instance. Under that remedial action you have
agreed to increase the numerical strength of the
different grades as far as men should be found fit
