1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man is taking advantage of my imperfect phrase-
ology. I meant to say that he had a large amount
of money invested.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "Vested" is one
thing, and " invested" is another; arid there is a
material difference between them in common par-
lance. Now, the interest that this gentleman pos-
sesses is the interest that his capital has given
him, and his successful rivalry, for he has run
down all opposition heretofore; and so they grace-
fully submitted to his coming into the scheme.
But let all that pass.
I have not yet seen or heard any sufficient rea-
son why we should give this franchise to these
gentlemen. Let this bill be so amended as to let
the persons who will take it on the best terms
for the city get it. Put it up, if you choosc, at
auction. Devise some means for disposing of this
franchise. As it is, it is a violation of every fair
principle of legislation, m my judgment. /
Mr. AVERY. I desire to offer the following
amendment as a proviso to the bill:
Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That an election shall be held
of the qualified voteis ot the city of YVa-hmgton under the
lawn regulating elections in s-aul cuy, on the fi --t Monday
of August, 1K>8, at which the question of laihoad'' or
" no tailroad" shall be submitted to them, and if a rnajouty
of the said voters vote against said laihoad, then tins grant
shall be, and i? hereby, declaie^ u"d void
The CHAIRMAN.' The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order at present, until
the other amendments are disposed of.
Mr. AVERY. I just wish to say that until
this bill was reported I had never heard of this
proposition to run a railroad through Pennsylva-
nia avenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Tennessee that the pending
question is the amendment offeied by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mi. Smith.]
Mr. GROW. I do not propose to tiespass cm
the patience of the committee, I know that gen-
tlemen are already very anxious to dispose of
this business, and adjourn. Therefore I have but
a word to say; and that is in reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Smith] in his notions of
legislation. If there be a franchise to be granted,
may it not just as well be granted to individuals
as to a corporation ? A legislative body, I take
it, is bound in all cases to act on this principle,
and this alone: is their act for the public benefit?
If so, they should pass it; if not, they should not.
If it be an act of a general character, beneficial in
its results, what consequence is it what amount
of money citizens may make out of it ?
No railroad would be built anywhere on the
principle laid down by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, for the reason that no men would invest their
money to buiid a railroad, unless they thought
they would make money out of it; and if they
were to, on the principle advocated by thegentlc-
maii from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] theyought not
to have a charter. It is for the Legislature to de-
termine whether a railroad is to be for the advant-
age of the public. If it is, then it is no matter
what amount of money may be made out of it by
the persons who engage in it. In this case the
question is, whether a railroad through Pennsyl-
vania avenue will be of benefit to the. city. If it
would be, are we to stop and ask how much
money the men who build the laihoad an; to make
out of it, especially when the conditions proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letchcr]
are thrown around the bill, enabling Congress to
niter, change, or abolish the charter at pleasure.
But why not grant this franchise to a citizen, as
well as to a municipal corporation? It a public
inpiry, it should be granted to neither; it a gen-
eral benefit, what objection to granting to one any
more than the other'
I am not sure in my own mind whether the bill
ousrht to pass. I only lose to protest against the
doctune that a legislative body ought, in any case,
to be aovorned m its action by the consideration
of whether a citizen is to make money out of
the franchises it grants, instead of considering
whether those franchises are for the public good
or not. 1 would as soon give thechaner to three
citizens as to a corporation. The oojection lies
as much against giving 1: to the corporation as to
any pitvue ceizeu ef the Republic.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman from Vii-
gima [Mr. Smith] asks for some reason why this
charter should be granted in this manner. I did
not care to interrupt him at the time, but T will
tell him now. I understood him to profess to be
friendly to the measure.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the railroad.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman is in favor
of the railroad along the avenue, which is one
hundred and sixty feet wide. The width of the
track is to be only twelve or fourteen feet. Now,
I will tell him why the charter should be given
to individuals, not to the corporation. It is to
secure its being built at all. If authority to build it
were given to the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, it by no means follows that it would be
built at all; 'but when authority is given to indi-
viduals to build it, it will be built. We know
they will build it, for they have offered to do so.
This bill gives the right to the city of Washing-
ton, whenever she may chose to reimburse to
these individuals the money they may have ex-
pended, to strike out the presentfranchise. There
can be but one opinion as to the fact that the way
to have a railroad well built; with the apparatus
in running order, in the best manner and in the
cheapest style, is to give the charter to individ-
uals, because individuals can certainly do public
work at a cheaper price than corporations can.
That I understand to be one reason why the bill
was put in this shape.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to make a brief state-
ment of the facts of the case. At an early day of
the'session, Mr. Chairman, application was made
by these persons on the part of a company in Ne w
York, for permission to construct this road, in
connection with a pavement from the Capitol to
Georgetown, along Pennsylvania avenue, at a
cost of from three quarters of a million to a mil-
lion dollars. Pending the investigation before
the committee, another company made applica-
tion to construct a railroad on the present pave-
ment. 1 had supposed that the present applicants
I were the agents of the New York company, whose
j name and style were notdeveloped before thecom-
1 mittee.
I Well, sir, it soon came to pass that the parties
I to the second application disappeared from the
j city, and these gentlemen, who are now applying,
j are the sole applicants. At first, Mr. Vander-
werken was decidedly and violently opposed to
the whole scheme. The second application was
I withdrawn. I know not what became of it since.
I These parties then came forward with Mr. Van-
1 derwerken as the frontispiece of their proceed-
! ings, and asked for this charter to be given to
| them.
There can be no question, sir, that any capi-
talists will be willing to take this franchise whom
| the House may invest with it. I cannot sit by
! and hear it stated that this woik cannot be done
| unless it be given to these men. There are others
! besides them who would be willing to do it. A
! New York company was the fiist petitioner for it.
! Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man has very much misunderstood me if he sup-
posed that I objected to these particular individ-
uals. I did not. I would prefer that it should be
, given to individuals rather than to corporations
of any description. I do not know who these in-
• dividuals are. I do not know one of them; but I
would prefer giving it to them, whoever they are,
than to the city of Washington.
The city of Washington has the power, under
this bill, at any time, to take the property by pay-
ing its fjir value; and if it is to come into the
hands of the city corporation, they would get it
i more economically in this way, because it would
I be better built and cheaper built by individuals
., than it would be by the corporation. I am m fa-
, , vor of the bill. One of these railroads passes my
i' own office in Philadelphia, and I find itnomcon-
, venience. 1 think a railroad through Pennsylva-
nia avenue would be decidedly a convenience;
j1 and I am in favor of having the road built.
; Mr. FLORENCE. I am "opposed to the amend-
! lment of the gentleman from Virginia, but I do not
want to take up the time of the committee. I rise
merely for the purpose of making a single remark
in this connection. The gentleman from "Vir-
ginia asked tc/io these men were. Before answer-
|| fug the question of the gentleman, I vsill state that
there are a number of these railways which have
1 been built m Philadelphia, and that the law au-
I tlioiizing the construct.on of passenger railways
1, in that city has provided in evety instance that the
]' omnibuses upon the routes should be purchased
ii of the proprietors, with the horses and other prop-
erty, by the corporation. I£ ow of npfestaTi^e
where authority has been given by,tfievfcegis!a-
ture of any State, authorizing the construction of
passenger railways, where their restrictions have
not been made. Asl said at the commencement'ef
this debate, I am in favor of establishing this
thing on the principles of economy and useful-
ness '
Mr. LETTER. I rise to a question of order.
When I made a motion to strike out the enactipg
clause, I thought it was the understanding tq vQtg
upon these amendments without any further "tie-
bate. It was upon that understanding that I with-
drew the motion. I submit whether, after that
understanding, this debate is in order ? .
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
withdrew his motion unconditionally, as the Chair
understood it, and the gentleman from-Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor. " /
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I do not wish to
detain the committee; and as gentlemen all around
seem disposed to debate this matter, I move that
the committee rise for the purpose of going into
the House and terminating debate.
Mr. STANTON. If it be the general under-
standing of the committee that the amendments
proposed by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] may be offered in the House, we can
get rid of the debate by striking out the enacting
clause easier than in any other way.
Mr. FLORENCE. There are other amend-
ments which gentlemen desire to offer. I will,
however, withdraw my motion that the commit-
tee rise.
The amendment offered by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia, was not agreed to.
I Mr. COX. I move to amend the section under
j consideration by requiring that the fare shall not
I exceed three cents instead of five cents. I do not
! wish to detain the committee this evening; but I
have a few words to say in favor of that amend-
ment before the question is taken on laying aside
the bill. The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Wright,] to whom I am indebted for the sugges-
tion of this amendment—though he, perhaps, did
not intend it—spoke of bringing down these va-
rious conveniences to a price which poor people
could afford to pay, so that all might enjoy these
advantages alike. The gentleman comes fresh
from the city of New York, where, he told me,
he had never been before, and coming here full
of illustrations of northern enterprise—I will not
say pregnant [laugh ter] with illustrations of north-
ern enterprises—and comes into this House, and
gives, as a reason why this thing ought to be
adopted, that we ought to let the poor people
have a chance of riding in quick conveyances;
that the omnibuses in which we have beeji trav-
i cling for the last twenty years do not go fast
enough. Now, if this bill is to be adopted, I
propose to carry out the gentleman's idea, and to
bring it down to a point which shall do justice to
poor people.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. As the gentleman
seems to be serious in his amendment, I would
suggest that, if the company find they can afford
it,"they will no doubt reduce the fare to three
cents; but, as it may be found that three cents
will not pay their expenses, 1 do not think they
; ought to be restricted to that rate of fare.
| Mr. COX. It is said that a large fortune is in
, this thing. Here are three corporators—if it
'! is a corporation—Gilbert Vanderwerken, Bayard
o Clarke, and Asa P. Robinson. We know noth-
;j ing about them. I have some confidence, how-
j1 ever, in the Committee for the District of Colum-
|l bia. They, perhaps, know who these gentlemen
! are. They ought to^give us full information.
' Who is Vanderwerken ? It is said that he is the
ji owner of the omnibus line, and has a large
1 amount of money invested ill it; that he is a man
of large fortune already, and thegentleman from
Georgia wishes to increase his fortune to bung
him down to a level with the poorer class.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I have not
said that he was a man of fortune. He is the
omnibus proprietor, with §100,000 invested in that
business. I do not know whether it is remuner-
ative or not.
Mr COX. It is a proper and pertinent ques-
tion who these parties ore. Who is this Bayard
Clarke? We do not know anything about him
or his associates. In a matter where special
privileges are asked for individuals, it is well to
