1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
lion of the delegates that formed this constitution
X have shown to be a most pitiful farce and mock-
ery, and the convention itself a band of vile con-
spirators, brought together at the bidding of their
masteis,to gothiough the ceremony of adopting
a constitution they had received orders from head-
quarters to indorse.
But, Mr. Chairman,the ruffians collected from
South Carolina,Georgia, Alabama,Missouri, and
other States, were not the most powerful enemies
of Kansas. They could burn, rob, murder, and
leave desolation and mourning along their Vandal
march. But these alone patience and bravery
would soon conquer, time restore their desolate
fields, and industry build anew what the torch of
the incendiary had destroyed. The strong and
lelentless enemy of freedom in Kansas has been
the executive department of this Government,
pushed on by the ever-watchful and never-yield-
ing power that stands behind and controls it.
From the very hour of the inauguration of the
territorial government there, she has been the vic-
tim of oppression by this Government; its power
and influence have been exercised to sustain the
oppressors and violators of her rights. Instead
of protecting her weakness, and encouraging her
to build cities and make fertile fields in the wilder-
ness, you have let loose upon her bands of high-
waymen to rob, destroy, and lay waste. You
have held her citizens m chains and loathsome
dungeons by scores, guarded by your troops, for
imaginary offenses. You sent your Governors,
judges, and secretaries there, not to administer
wise and impartial laws justly, but, like i\.*rhian
satraps, to lulo a conquered province. If a Gov-
ernor, a judge, a secretary, or a marshal, faltered
in the work marked out for him; if he would not
disregard law, cover up ftaud, peimit nuuderers,
incendiaries, thieves, and robbers to walk abroad
undisturbed, or perhaps take them into favorand
confidence, they weie immediately discarded at
the White House, and dismissed fromollice. Such
was the fate of lleeder, Geai y, Walker, and Stan-
ton. These noble men scorned to be yourinstru-
nients of evil. When they saw the infamy of the
work required at their hands, they shrank back
in disgust, and preferred your frowns and ven-
geance, with honor unstained, to your smiles and
patronage, with troubled consciences and tai-
nished reputations. These four Democratic Gov-
ernors arc now living and terrible witnesses
against the oppressors of Kansas.
Of the five judges appointed there, Lecompte,
who has so justly acquired the title of the Amer- !
lean Jeffries, and Cato, his worthy compeer, are
alone considered worthy of the smiles and confi-
dence of the appointing power. Many agents of
the General Government, employed in the land
department, weie active leaders in the bandit war
on Kansas, and made themselves special favorites,
it would seem, by their active partisanship and
eru'dl i's. Some of these men h;u e been promoted
to offices of more responsibility m the Territory,
more than one of whom has the stam of Mood
upon Ins soul. The people of Kansas have had
the constant and persistent " intervention " of the
General Government to contend against from the
start. It has sent cold-hearted and unjust num,
who had no sympathy with them or their institu-
tions, to rule them. It has sanctioned invasions,
disfranchisements, destruction of their property :
and lives, and almost every species of crime that
bad men can commit against society. It has kept
up a woise than Austrian espionage on the coi-
lesnondeiice not only of the people, but of all
Governors not of the blue lod^e school. Gov- :
ernor Geary made formal complaint to the Presi- .
dent that his own conespondenee, as well as the :
citizens, geperaiI_Y,J was usually inspected by the
agents of tlie Government befote leaving the post. '
office, and declared it unsafe to send anything of
value, or information of importance, thiouirh the
mails. But the complaint was unheeded, and
the spy system continued. It rudely stripped
Governor Geary of all control and influence over
the army in Kansas, because he would not use
it against "free-State men" alone. And when
plots were formed against him, and assassina-
tion threatened, he was not allowed a guard to
secure his own safety or to quell open not. It
has sent secret spies among them to dog their
footsteps, and l'epoit their words of confidence,
and the Army of the Republic to force obedienco
to Draconian laws; and is now exercising ail its
imperial power to fasten upon them, against their
earnest protest, a constitution, chaigcd by the
public press, and as yet uncontradicted, to have
been carefully prepared in this city under the very
eye of the national Executive. And yet, with this
black catalogue of aggressions against the liber-
ties of Kansas, and many more that time will not
permit me to enumerate, standing out boldly upon
11 every page of her painful history, the authors of
'i her wrongs have the hardened audacity to talk
about u non-intervention,''and letting the people
" form their own institutions in their own way."'
And now, sir, we are told that we must hurry
, through this measure that her troubles maybe
j! ended and forgotten. This system of final subju-
■ j gation, then, is your only offer of conciliation—
p the ohve branch you hold out for hei acceptance.
!! It is an offer to atone for along catalogue of inju-
ries and crimes by another so much more mon-
strous than ail its predecessors that it throws them
into partial shadow. Does any one here serious-
ly expect peace m Kansas as the result of an out-
rage like this? The cause of all the troubles
there was the oppression and cruelties done and
permitted to be done by this Government, to di-
lutee upon her laws and institutions against the
will of her people; and you propose to euro these
troubles by doubling the oppression. Your war-
riors have looked calmly on and permitted brig-
ands, with naked swords and flaming torches, to
run riot over that most unfortunate Termory, and
piotccted them m their fiendish work. And now,
sir, when she implores you to take your stefl-
clad hand from her aching brow, that she may
enjoy a season of repose, you call for more steel
and more war-horses, that you may tamo hoi spun,
bend her to ijour will, and force upon her institu-
tions and laws she detests. Humane and just
master, surely ! Do your four years of experience
in trying to conquer that brave people teach you
t hat you will find them such base suppliants, such
willing slaves, as to come quietly beneath your
ji yoke and lash? No, sir, no! There will be no
peace m Kansas as long as a fragment of this Le-
! j compton constitution is sustained there against the
ji popular will. It will be a living and ever-present
|j memorial of the mtoleiable oppressions thiough
|j which they have passed—asymbol of the \ictory
!i of their oppressors; and they will ne\orendiue
j: its presence while the power of resistance lasts.
You hope not only for peace but for forgetfulness
|| —an equally fallacious hope, for the memory of
j monstrous wrongs will never fade away. They
will live m the oral tale and on the historic page.
The sad but heroic story of the war for libeity in
Kansas will become household narratives for its
people and their descendants to the latest gcneui-
tions. That story has become historical, it, is a
pai t of our history—a foul blot upon its records,
and there it will stand as long as the memory of
the Republic itself shall endure.
ADM ISSIO.V OP K '\,WAS.
SPEECH OF HON. I. T. HATCH,
OF rs'KW YORK,
In tiik House of Ukpkeslntatives,
.March 31, 3858.
The Uou^e Ikmiii: m the roimuittce of the Whole on the
s-tate of the T'nion—
Mr. PATCH said:
Mr. Cur \iiiman: I come into this discussion late,
because I had intended to avoid it. 1 was willing
to rest the vindication of the vote I intended to
give upon the two messages of the President; but
] lind my silence is mistunstrued. The various
expositions in relation to the question now under
consideration on this side of the House, to which
I cannot subscribe, and the misrepresentations on
the other, winch I feel bound to repel, must fur-
nish my apology.
In the first place, sir, I have a word to pay to
that portion of the northern Democracy who so
flatteringly notice us who are steadfast in sup-
port of this Administration, i regict to find that
they are so much disturbed at being read out of
the Demoeratie partv, as thev s<iy they aie, nl-
though u* yet, I bch-. \ e, tu y luiv-. not named one
Democratic obituary reader. None knew so well
as they did that the only way they had to prevent
their being read out was to remain in the party.
Again, sir, whilst we are willing to accord to
their motives all the conscientiousness and pa-
triotism that their modestpretensions claim, they
certainly have no right to be offended if we deny
that, when theyleave the party,iheydonotcarry
out with them all the public virtue and patriotism
of the Democracy of this Union. And we, sir,
think wo have a right further to say to them,
when they form new political associations—enter
into new partnerships—their first duty is to puU
down the old Democratic Tammany sign. They
are mistaken if they suppose they can carry De-
mocracy into the camp of its enemies; it would
be as fatal to the Republicans as the ark of God's
covenant was to the Philistines in their camp.
The question now before Congress is the re-
ception or rejection of Kansas, as a State, with
the Lecompton constitution. I shall only briefly
refer to the circumstances preceding the applica-
tion of Kansas to be admitted as a State, the pol-
icy and constitutional right of that admission, and
the wisdom of the act at this time.
I believe, sir, thiough all the territorial stages
of this Kansas application the forms of law have
been comphcd with, and abundant evidence has
been given of successive recognitions of the au-
thoritative action of the territoiial governments by
j the free-State party. But few dispute the rcgu-
: Iarity of the convention that formed the constitu-
i lion, and none can dispute the recognition of the
| constitution by the free-State men in their action
j on the 4th of January in voting for State officers,
i None doubt but that the constitution is rcpub-
, he un in form, and that, in the main, it is a good
! constitution. None allege but that the slavery
1 elnuso was submitted. None charge that the free-
: State party were intimidated from the polls. None
j charge that the alleged frauds in the ballots on the
! 2ist December could have changed the result.
| All, then, there is of this question is, that the
j free-State party, being m the numerical ascend-
j ency, did not vote, and the slavery clause was
i inserted in the constitution. Who, then, is re-
! sponsible for the slavery clause in the constitu-
tion'' Governor Walker said those who did not
vote were responsible for those who did vote1 The
fieo-Stnte party, to-day, is responsible for the Le-
compton constitution.
Let us see what the Senator from Illinois said:
c* K.m-a^ i > about to >p"ak foi liei>elf, thioutrh her dele-
gate a--cinb!ed its convention lo form a constitution pre-
p umIoi \ to lift adnir- inn mto the Union on an equal foot,,
lie* with the oii tnal State-:. Peace and pio^peiity now
p'ew.tl t'lieii'jhoui ten boidei<. The law nuclei which her
delegate's aie about e> he elected is believed n> he ju^t and
fan jit al! it- otijin i: and p'ovj-ions There isPvety reason
to hope aiid believe that she law will bo fanJy mterpietcd
and inipamalij executed, -o as to injure to eveiy l-ona Jide
inhabitant the heo and quiet eKeici.-o of the elective it jii-
Hiim1. It' any poition of the inhabitants actum under the
advice of political leaden m distant states, shall choose to
alnent themselves uoin the polls, .aid withhold then vot<"s
with a view of leaving the lice-State Dfinoeiats in a no
lionty, and thus seeming a pro-sj jvet constitution m oppo-
sition to the wMie* of a maiontvot the prople living under
it, let the r'"-po'i-ibiiity ir-t upon ih->-e who, tor pam-au
pinpuses, will sacuhee the piineiplesthey piofe^tocherish
and piomote. I'pon them and upon the political puity for
who-e henelit,and u'cie< the ditecuon ot who-..* leader.- they
act. let the blame be vi<it"d of fasten m</ upon the people of a
r new State ; u-11 tu t ions iepn<rii am to their feeling* and in vio-
I] lation ofilu'ir wishes. The oiy.mic ucts'Tiires lothe people
j, of Kansas the sole and < xehi-ave n^ht ol fosimng and regis-
;! latino; their domesi i<« m-t mil ions to suit themselves, subject
I' to no otliei limitation than that which the Constitution of
| the t'nif'd States imposes. The Oeniociane patty is de-
e 1- rnnncd to <ee tie- iaeut fundamental puneiple of the oi-
i' ff.inie act e.uaed out in <rood faith. The piesent election
law m Kansas is acknowledged to be fair and just The
: j ii-rhtsoi the votei-5 an'Lleaii\ defined, and the excrete of
th 's'Mi^hts will li" efficiently and scrupulously p>otected.
, i Jience, if the ma|o>ify of the peopled Kansas rle.-ire to have
!j it n fieo Stare, (and weaie told by the Republican paify
i I that nine tenths of the people of thatTeintory aie fn e-State.
men.') them j< no obstacle m the wav of bunyms Kansas
into the Union a* a ftee Stare by the votes and voire of her
own people, and m coi fori<iitv to the gteat pi maples of the
! Kan-a—JVebiaska act. provided all the fiee-State men will
j co to the poll-: ;md vote their pnncipies m accordance with
j then prof<*hsion<. It sucn i.^ not the le^-ult, let the con^e-
I ijucri' es bo visited upon the heads of thot-o whose policy it
J is to produce stnfe. anaichv, and bloodshed in Kansas, that
i then pain niav piotit by slaveiy ayitation in tlie noithem
1 States of the t'Dion.'1
The free-State party, being in a large majority,
did not vote. Why did they not vote? Why
have th-'V not voted, when successive opportuni-
ties ibi voting have been presented to them, w hero
