THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for active service, who had been put on the re-
served list. Von suspend promotion until that
excess has been absorbed. Now I only ask that
where the court has not recommended restoration,
but the record proves the individual to be worthy
of restoration, the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate—both of them
having access to the record—shall put the indi-
vidual on the footing on which he would have
stood if the court had recommended his restora-
tion. I say nothing: against the courts, and I
have no charge to make against them of a want
of judgment, or want of integrity, or a want of
interest in the Navy; but, sir, it is proceeding
very far when such a court is at once invested
with infallibility, and the President and Senate
denied the power to revise their proceedings,
except so far as it may be the hard measure of
rejecting nominations. I think it much more
probable that that court, having its sympathies
with the constituent elements cf the board, fol-
lowed the error of the board, and failed to ren-
der justice to some individual against whom a
prejudice might have been excited, than that the
President, in reviewing the record, would commit
the other error, and bring from the obscurity into
which they had shrunk, unworthy officers of the
Navy, ana placc them on the active list.
Then, sir, it has been stated that the President
has examined none of these records, and it has
been argued therefrom that he will examine none
of them. Though I should not have said it
otherwise, I deem it due to that high officer to say
—and it is honorable to him when I say it—that
before I piesented the resolution to the Senate, I
showed it to him, as involving labor on his part;
and with the feelings of a man, and the sense of
duty of an officer, he said he was willing to incur
the labor and meet the responsibility which it
would impose. He cannot, under the resolution,
nominate, unless his action is based upon the facts
contained in the record, and he must examine
the case that he submits, under the authonty con-
ferred by the resolution. Again, the Senate have
access to the record; the Committee on Naval
Affairs will first sift it, and it, will then come to
the Senate for a further examination. I cannot
see the danger of inflicting any great injury on
any one by opening the door thus far. How many
it will add to the grades I do not propose to in-
quire. I believe they will be very few. They
will be added to the excess which has already been
provided, and they will have to be absorbed be-
fore further promotion occurs; but it would be
cruel in the last degree to ask them to stand aside
until their subordinates, favorably reported on by
the board, had been absorbed by the occurrence
of vacancies, and then, and then only, to let them
come in to take a place inferior to some one, whom,
perhaps, they had instructed in the very first ele-
ments of his profession.
As to the fchange in the point of attack, of which
the Senator from Michigan has spoken, I will only
say that by the law, as it stands, the President
has the power to revise, to approve, or to disap-
prove, the action of these courts, though, whilst
you have conferred that authority on the Presi-
dent, you have stripped him of all remedial power.
If he disapproves in a case which may be as clear
as light, still he cannot nominate to the Senate,
though it be palpably presented in the record evi-
dence that that individual is worthy of such nom-
ination.
1 will say, further, that I think the law was
wrong in allowing the board, or in recognizing
in the court, power to drop any one from the list
of the Navy who had attained the first grade. I
hold that if an individual has served his country
from the grade of midshipman up to that of a post
captain—the highest grade in the Navy—nothing
but a court-martial, with all the due forms of law,
should strip him of his place. Whatever may
be his incapacity to command, whatever maybe
his bad habits at the time, I say he cannot have
reached that grade without rendering service to
the country which entitles him to its gratitude.
After many years exposed to battle and to storm,
crushed by wounds, or by time spent honorably
in the service of his country, it is a paltry meting
out of a very hard measure of justice to turn him
out upon the wide common of the world, there to
call all eyes to look upon an age of rum. Inca-
pacitated for command, he ought to have been
placed upon some honorable retired list, which
would have given him at the same time a sup-
port, and have saved his feelings from the wounds
which are inflicted by that species of inquisition
which marks every man placed upon the list as
having done some act which disgraced the uni-
form he wore—a moral inquisition which leaves
the man who has been crushed by age and wounds
received in battle, upon the same footing with him
whose vices have rendered him unfit to command.
For those vicious habits, for those irregularities,
for those crimes, courts-martial were instituted;
and to them resort should have been had, and not
to a board which, if it intended more, never should
have intended more than to ask, " where islie who
has been worn out in the service, and for whom
we shall provide some safe asylum, where he may
rest in quiet during his declining years That
was the whole scope and intent of that bill which
provided a retired list for the Army; and I here
take occasion to say, that if that bill had passed,
no man should have been retired unless he was
confronted with the board; unless he made the
application; and unless, in every case, there had
been a record of all the testimony.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I think there
is a misunderstanding among Senators as to the
effect of the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. Its effect is to deprive a large class of the
officers of the Navy of the United States of those
legal securities ana guarantees which have been
regarded from the beginning of the Government,
during the Revolution, and the war of 1812—in-
deed, in pcacc and m war, from the foundation of
the Government—as essential to their protection.
It deprives them of those legal securities which
are now accorded to every person in the naval
and military service of the United States except
themselves. If that be true—and I think I can
very readily show it to any one who will look at
the matter for an instant—there ought to be some
special reasons why this class of persons, now
in the service, should be deprived of those legal
guarantees now given to every officer inside of that
service except themselves, and which have been
accorded by the law from the foundation of the
Government to this time.
The amendment of the Senator from Virginia
defeats the operation of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to this extent: the resolu-
tion proposes that where the President disapproves
of the finding of the court, on examination, and
thinks an officer is entitled to be restored to the
active list, he shall have the right of sending his
name, with the record, to this body; and if they
approve it, he shall be restored. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia says this shall
not be done until vacancies happen, and shall not
be done to the enlargement of the present active
list of the service. Therefore, I say, it entirely
defeats a security to which I will now advert.
When this naval board was established, the Pres-
ident was required to approve its action; but, as
you have just heard stated by the Senator from
Mississippi, be was required to approve without
any evidence before hirn on which to approve or
disapprove. He had to approve or disapprove
the whole, because there was no record of each
particular case, and he could make no judgment.
They were, therefore, effectually deprived in that
case of this legal security, which has been given
both to Army and Navy officers.
"When this proceeding was scrutinized, and the
opinion and calm judgment of the Senate and
House of Representatives were brought to bear
upon it, it was nearly unanimously condemned.
To these officers was awarded an open trial, and
the record there was subjected to the approval
or disapproval of the President, but in such a
mode as not only to take away this security, but
to absolutely do the greatest injustice. I will
state a case for the Senator from Michigan, who
is the only person I have heard harp on sympa-
thy. We have argued this subject—certainly I
have—for eighteen months on the great question
of constitutional rights, without reference to any
man, or how he might be treated, in the Navy.
Nobody, I believe, but those who have sought
to defeat just and legitimate action on this subject,
has talked of sympathy. They wish to get out
an impression that those of us who are tempted
to vindicate the laws, and to protect these great
guarantees of individual rights, were operated on
by sympathy for the officers. I happened to know
very few of them when this proceeding took place;
not half a dozen in the naval service. I was not
on terms of personal intimacy with a human beings
among them, and I was on social terms with only
three of them. But I saw a great principle of
Eublic right, of constitutional law, stricken down
y a proceeding which I am happy to know has
been condemned by the judgment of the country,
as expressed through its representatives in both
branches of Congress.
If thePresidcntdisapprovestheaction of a court
of inquiry in some cases, under the law of last
year, he must do additional injury, or else he must
approve the action against his judgment. I will
take acase of which I happen to know,from look-
ing at the records. A commander or captain in
the Navy was, by the secret board, put on the
furlough list. That implied personal fault. Upon
an investigation of his case by an open tribunal,
a court of inquiry, that sentence was disapproved^
and it is recommended that he be placed on the
leave-of-absence list—an honorable list—with full-
leave pay, as though he were in active service,
on leave of absence. The President may believe
not only that the first finding was wrong, butthat
the measure of justice proposed by the court of
inquiry is inadequate; that, instead of beingplaced
on the leave-of-absence list, he ought to be put on
the active-service list. It will not cost the Gov-
ernment a cent to put him on the active list, be-
cause, if he were ordered from the leave list into
active service, he would get full pay; and, if he
were not ordered into active service, though on
the active list, he would only get leave-of-absence
pay. If, in the case to which I refer, the Presi-
dent disapproves the finding of the court, the offi-
cer is put back on the furlough list; and yet the
disapproval is because the President believes the
measure of justice proposed to be inadequate*
The court have found that the original sentence
was unjust, and that the officer ought to be placed
on the leave-of-abscnce roll, the most honorable
of the retired list; the President may believe he
ought to be placed on the active list, and it will
not cost a cent to place him there; therefore the
President must, put his official approval to what
he thinks is not a proper measure of justice, ora
valuable officer is lost to the public service. Why
should this be ?
The law of last year gave the President a right
to approve or disapprove the findings of these
courts. And yet if he disapproves, the effect is
to leave the officer remediless, to keep him under
a sentence unjustly pronounced upon him by a
secret tribunal. If every member of the Senate
believes, on an examination of the record, that
the court of inquiry acted from wrong informa-
tion, from perjury, or any other bad motive, and
the President thinks an officer against whom they
have reported ought to be restored, he is remedi-
less; whereas twelve hundred officers, his com-
rades in the active service, cannot be deprived of
life, of commission, of pay, or be censured, or in
any other manner injured, without the coopera-
tion of a court of inquiry, or court-martial, and
the President. These are the guards which the
existing military laws of the United States throw
around your officers, but these persons are de-
prived of them. Why should an individual on the
leave-of-absence list be cut off from this guarantee ?
Take the gentleman at the head of your Navy.
Suppose a court of inquiry had determined not to
restore him to the active list, contrary to the evi-
dence, and the President and Senate were satisfiedi
that he ought to be restored: why should he who
has stood on your quarter decks, in battle and in
storm, for fifty years, be deprived of those rights
which the laws of his country give to the hum-
blest man who bears your commission in the
military or naval service? The commission of a
lieutenant in the Army or Navy cannot be taken
from him except by the judgment of his peers,
sanctioned by the commander-in-chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States; but men
who have lost their places by the proceedings of
a secret tribunal, the judgment of which is con-
firmed by a court of inquiry by a vote of two to
one. are to be deprived of these rights, and are to
be kept back, although the President and Senate
may be unanimously for restoring them to their
old places.
But, sir, the Senator from Virginia tells us that
he does not wish to enlarge the active-service list.
That point was settled at the last session. It was
admitted by me; admitted by the whole Senate*
