1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
for their ratification, with the fall belief that such
submission was the just ami proper mode of sub-
duing this spirit of rebellion, and restoring peace
to the country; but he now informs us that the ad-
mission of Kansas without a submission of the
constitution to (he people for their ratification or
rejection .would "restore peace and quiet to the
whole country." I confess my inability to rec-
oncile and harmonize these views of the Presi-
dent. If a submission of the whole constitution to
the people in June last would have subdued this
rebellion, why is it that the admission of Kansas
now, without such submission, will restore peace
and quiet, I cannot comprehend; and would be
thankful to some friend of the Lecompton con-
stitution on this floor to inform me.
Again, sir, if it be true that a large portion of
the people of Kansas are in a state of rebellion
against the government, are they fit subjects to be
trusted with the high and responsible privileges
of State sovereignty ? Is it not a powerful argu-
ment against their admission until they shall be-
come good and loyal citizens, and can truly appre-
ciate their obligations to the constitution and the
laws ? And,Sir, is it not a novel and unsafe mode
of quelling this rebellious spirit on the part of any
portion of our people? The people of Utah are
known to be in open rebellion against the author-
ity and laws of the United States. Would it not,
sir, be a dangerous expedient, to say the least of
it, to admit Utah into the Union for The purpose
of quelling that rebellion ? The President does not
recommend this remedy in that case; then why
should it be adopted in the case of Kansas ?
Sir, I cannot pursue this argument further; the
whole of this transaction against which I protest
has fraud ! fraud ! written upon it from the be-
ginning to the present time. Here, sir, isJohnCal-
houn, the immaculate president of the Lecompton
convention, in this city, a fugitive from justice,
with the returns nf the election for State officers
and Senators and Respresentative of Kansas in
his pocket, a sealed book—the result unknown—
until within a few days past; held back, in case
of necessity, to " sugar-coat" the Lecompton con-
trivance that it may be the more readily swal-
lowed by some fastidious gentlemen on this floor;
or, perhaps, until further returns should be ex-
humed from his prolific " candle-box" under the
wood-pile.
Sir, the corpse of the Topeka constitution has
been exhumed, and made to stand before us in its
most hideous and ghastly form; for what pur-
pose, I cannot conceive, unless it be to frighten
us into the support of the Lecompton fraud. What
connection can it have with the present question ?
The Democracy of the North opposed the Topeka
constitution as one man, because it was irregular
and revolutionary—because it was the work of a
faction, and not of the people, and because it did
not embody their will. These were the causes
which made that instrument so odious that the
Democratic Senate would not dignify it with a
reading ill that body. Sir, these same reasons
apply with remarkable force against the Lecomp-
ton constitution. Topeka is dead; its friends and
originators are dead; no sane man, even in Kan-
sas, dreams of galvanizing the corpse; let it sleep
in an unhonored grave; and let us hope that the
Lecompton fraifd may soon follow its predecessor
to the same tomb of infamy and disgrace, where it
shall know no waking.
Yes, sir, the northern Democracy opposed To-
peka from its incipiency, for the reasons I have
already assigned, notwithstanding it forever pro-
hibited slavery ; and I ask southern gentlemen if
this is not a complete vindication of northern Dem-
ocrats against the charge so often made against
them of opposition to Lecompton, solely on ac-
count of the slavery clause ?
My colleague, [Mr. English,] in his remarks
the other day, expressed a hope that some com-
promise might be agreed upon, so as to make this
proposition of admitting Kansas acceptable to
us all, and thereby restore harmony in our party,
and protect its honor and integrity. I know not
what was the character of the compromise my
colleague had in his mind when he spoke; I know
of no form which the Lecompton contrivance can
assume, 111 which it will be acceptable to me, un-
less it shall be returned to the people of Kansas
and approved by a majority of their votes at a fair
election, or evidence of a conclusive character pro-
duced to me that it embodies their will.
In this opposition I have the support of a vast j
majority of my own constituents; and I have not i
so far lost sight of the true doctrine of popular
sovereignty a3 to do, or contemplate doing, aught
contrary to their will. The Democratic conven-
tion that assembled at Indianapolis on the 8th of
January last have declared against it. The Dem-
ocratic mass convention that assembled at the
same place on the 23d of February repudiated it;
and last of all, my own soul and conscience repel
this flagitious outrage against all I have ever
learned to regard as most sacred and indefeasible
in the great principles that lie at the foundation
of human rights and political prosperity.
And now, sir, let me turn to my Democratic
friends of the South—for I will still call you Dem-
ocrats, notwithstanding your threatened repudi-
ation of that nationality which has been ourbond
of union, and the chief element of our strength—
and let me ask what you expect to gain, if you
should succeed in forcing upon the people of Kan-
sas, in the face of the solemn protest of four fifths
of their number, this monstrous abortion of a
constitution, polluted with fraud from its incep-
tion to the last syllable of its disgraceful history?
Some of you admit that slavery cannot be per-
manently planted there. You say that although
this constitution recognizes slavery, the people
have the right to change it and prohibit slavery,
and that they will so change it. If, then, you
are sincere, and your declarations are true, I ask
what do you win ? Nothing but an empty victory,
a gratification for the hour. Have you coolly cal-
culated the cost of that victory? If not, let me
implore you, in the name of the Democratic party
of the North, to pause; to weigh well the conse-
quences that may result from the step. You will
" crush out," for the time being, at least, the na-
tional Democracy of the North, your stay and
dependence in every hour of trial. You will
" crush out" your friends who have stood by you
with armor on in the darkest periods of your
troubles, breasting and beating back the repre-
sentatives of northern fanaticism that have as-
sailed your institutions, to the end that you might,
under the Constitution and laws, enjoy in peace
and unmolested your rights of property. Yes,
sir, you will do more. V"ou will strike down a
great principle, the principle which underlies the
whole system of free government, and which has
hitherto been your shield against all aggressors—
the right of the people of every State and section,
by a majority of their own number, to govern
themselves; to make their own laws and mold
their own domestic institutions without congres-
sional intervention. You will fill this Hall with
Republicans, your common enemy, to whose ten-
der mercies you are about so willingly to consign
yourselves. If such shall be the result, as I sin-
cerely believe it will, your momentary boast of
victory will turn to bitterness on your lips. When
that hour shall come, as come it must, if you per-
sist in your suicidal policy, you cannot, and must
not, reproach your true and tried friends of the
North with bringing this calamity upon you. You
must not say that you were not forewarned of the
result inevitably consequent upon your own act.
Let me implore you to look beyond the hour of
barren and temporary triumph, before you take
the irretrievable step you contemplate.
A great portion of the speechesof gentlemen who
have advocated the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution consists of denuncia-
tion of the Republican party. I have as little re-
gard for the principles advocated, m the main, by
that party, as any gentleman on this floor. I have
fought that party as long, if not as ably, and have
encountered as full a measure of their opposition,
as any gentleman here. But let me warn gentle-
men that they cannot answer before the country
for the commission of a great wrong, for the viola-
tion of a great principle—a principle dearer to the
hearts of the Democracy of the country than all
others—by indulgence in the abuse and denuncia-
tion of the Republican party, the Know Nothing
party, or any other party. The discriminating
mind of the people will well understand the at-
tempted evasion. They will well understand that
denunciation of another party for their many
wrongs and sins can constitute no valid justifica-
tion for the violation of a great principle of our
own party. Do not deceive yourselves, gentle-
men, with such delusions.
But, Mr. Chairman, those of us who differ with
the President on this single measure of his Ad-
ministration are charged with acting with the Re-
publican party, in fact, that we have gone over to
that party, and are no longer to be regarded as
within the pale of the Democratic organization.
Such charges are of daily occurrence, and are
sometimes fulminated by gentlemen recently con-
verted to the faith they presume to expound, and
whose minds the pure light of Democracy has
hardly had time to purge of their former errors.
Yes, sir, «o paper can publish an article, no cit-
izen can'talk, no member here from the North
can speak against this attempted fraud, without
being charged from certain quarters with having
gone over to the Republican party, and branded
as being, to all intents, a " Black Republican."
What sanction does truth afford to this bold and
shameless assumption? What, sir, were the prin-
ciples advocated by the two parties in the contest
of 1856 on the slavery' question ? There is no
way of determining this question so accurately as
by a reference to their respective platforms. The .
platform established by the Democratic party at
Cincinnati, in June, 1856, in the convention which
nominated Mr. Buchanan, on the subject of sla-
very and the Kansas issue, is in these words:
" Resolved, Tliat we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly expressed will of a majouty
of actual residents, and, whenever the number of then in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or with-
out domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upoa
terms of perfect equality with the other States."
This expresses, in its fullest and broadest sense,
the doctrine of the right of the people of Kansas,
" acting through the legally and fairly expressed
will of the majority of actual residents" to form a
constitution, and be admitted into the fraternity
of States, and negatives the right of congressional
intervention. Now, sir, let us turn to the plat-
form of principles adopted by the Republican
party in the convention which assembled at Phil-
adelphia, on the question of slavery. Here it is:
i( Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States
roi their government; and that, in the exercise of this power,
it is both the right and duty of Congress to prohibit in the
Territories those twin rehes of barbarism, polygamy and
slavery."
Thus the issue was fairly made up between
the parties, the Democratic party taking the high
conservative ground of non-intervention by Con-
gress with the subject of slavery in the States and
Territories, and leaving the same to be settled by
the people for themselves, through the fairly and
legally expressed will of a majority of the actual
residents; and that, as they should settle it, so thus
should they be admitted into the Union. The
platform was not only freely accepted by Mr.
Buchanan, as our standard-bearer, but, in his let-
ter of acceptance, he says:
" The recent legislation by Congress respecting domestic
slavery, derived, as it has been, from the original and pure
fountain of legislative political power, the will of the major-
ity, promises, ere long, to allay the dangerous excitement."
Not only did Mr. Buchanan, but the Demo-
cratic party, North, South, East, and "VVest, ac-
cept and indorse that platform as the main plank
in their party creed. We fought the Republicans,
and conquered, on the principles thus enunciated
and thus acccpted, and on the issue thus pre-
sented; and because we still fight under the same
banner, sustained m our course of rectitude by the
same principle, are we to be stigmatized as rene-
gades, Black Republicans, and deserters from the
Democratic faith ?
The platform of the Republican party, which
I have presented, is in palpable conflict with that
of the Democratic party. It justifies and coun-
sels direct intervention of Congress with the in-
stitution of slavery: and, to-day, it meets my un-
qualified disapprobation and hostility, as it ever
did. I condemn it in theory, in principle, and in
practice. I should regard its enforcement as un-
wise, inexpedient, and dangerous to the peace of
the country, and to the integrity of the Union of
these States. Then, sir, if I stand where I have
always stood, in an attitude of open hostility to
the avowed principles of the Republican party,
who shall dare accuse me of deserting the Dem-
ocratic for the Republican faith ? Does the accu-
sation come with a good grace from those who
have so far conceded to the Republican doctrine
as to attempt to stifle the voice of the majority,
and who are intervening to force upon them a
constitution against their "legally and fairly ex-
