270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
happen in number twenty, or forty, or sixty; and
perhaps he may have to wait until there is a va-
cancy in number eight; and if so, he may never
get there; or if a vacancy should happen in num-
ber eight, or above that, he could not be nomin-
ated to that vacancy until the supernumeraries
beyond the number now authorized by law had
all died off. At last his time comes; where will
you put him? You should make him number
fiight, in order to restore him to his old place, and
if you do that you supersede all those who came
upon the list after his displacement. It seems to
me that this will necessarily produce a greatdcal
of disarrangement in the order of precedence in
the Navy, and that, therefore, it is not desirable
to wait until that period. If this justice be done
J think it should be done now. When injustice
is discovered, it should be corrected as soon as
practicable.
I am further induced to this belieffrom the con-
sideration that the course proposed by the res-
•olution, without the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, will not add to the expense at all,
especially in relation to those officers who are now
upon the leave-of-absence list; because, if they be
put on the active list, they will not receive full pay
until they be placed in active service; and if they
be in active service, they displace some one be-
low them on the list who then gets but leave pay.
Thus it is evident that this does not involve any
increased expense to the Government. For these
reasons, I entertain theopinion that the limitation,
moved by the Senator from Virginia, had better
not bo inserted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have but little knowledge
of military trials; but, from some experience in
trials in courts of law, and some experience also
in the administration of justice between man and
man during the last twenty years, I feel satisfied
that there is something in this proposition which
does injustice or may do injustice to parties con-
cerned. It must be borne in mind, Mr. President,
that in these trials by naval courts of inquiry, or
courts-martial, there is no provision for a new
trial by the court itself; there is 110 writ of error;
there is 110 appeal, except the appeal which is to
be made to the Commander-in-Chief for his ap-
proval or disapproval of the findings of the court.
And, sir, I place my vote here on the ground that
in those cases where the court of inquiry has
found in favor of an individual, there an appeal
is given, because the President has the power to
nominate that person to the Senate, and it may
come before llic Senate for consideration, and if
the court has erred in restoring the individual to
the active list that error may be correctcd on ex-
amination by the Senate in executive session.
But, sir, if an error has been committed for any
causc by this court of inquiry by which the indi-
vidual concerned is deprived of his rank, and, to
a certain extent, deprived of his reputation, which
may be dearer to him than life, there is noappeal.
Is it not an anomaly 111 the history of the adminis-
tration of justice between man and man, when, by
the Constitution oftheUnitedStates, if an indivul-
ual be charged with an offense in a couit of law it
must be presented by a grand jury, he must be
tried by a jury, he must have a fair tiial by the
court, and a court which is always empowered to
grant a new trial; but here, when he is tried before
a military or a naval court of inquiry, which has
no power to grant a new trial after its finding is
once made; and, if the court of inquiry decide
against him, it is out of the power of the Presi-
dent to correct the error? Shall he have no mode
of redress? It seems to me that it appeals strongly
to the common sense, the common judgment, the
common conscience of every man.
I shall not take up the time of the Senate; I
have simply desired to state the ground 011 which
I shall base my vote: that those persons who, for
insufficient evidence, or for any other reason,
whatever the influences maybe or may have been,
who may have been deprived of their rank, and to
a certain extent deprived of the reputation which
they may have earned in the service of their coun-
try, aie without remedy, unless the resolution
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi shall
pass the Senate, and pass without the amendment
which is proposed to it by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I know the Senator from Michigan says,
that if this resolution shall pass without this
amendment, the President may nominate, these
persons to the Senate, and they may be restored
to their places upon the list, and in the regular
line of promotion, just in precisely the same posi-
tion in which they would have been if they had
never been displaced. Is there any injustice in
this? If, for any reason, they have been im-
properly displaced, is there any injustice in re-
storing them to the position which belongs to
them, to the grade ana rank, and the opportunity
for promotion, which is their right? There is no
injustice in that.
But, in replying to a remark of the Senator from
Mississippi, the Senator from Michigan puts this
question: "Will not these men who hold the places
which they once held, and from which they have
been displaced, ever die ?" Is it an argument to
be addressed to this body, that these men, who
have been wrongfully deprived of their rank and
position, must wait for other men to die before
justice is done them—that they must wait for their
juniors to die who have been put into their posi-
tions? There is, it seems to me, no justice in an
appeal like this to the consideration of the Senate.
I shall vote against the amendment introduced
by the Senator from Virginia, and shall desire to
record my vote for the original resolution as it
stood when introduced, in the hope and in the
belief that justice may be done in cases where it
is urged, and where, from the statements made by
honorable Senators on this floor, the most mani-
fest injustice has been done to individuals who
have been retired from the Navy.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to say a word on this subject, nor to do more
than by a silent vote to endeavor to do justice to
these people who, I think, have been wronged;
but I cannot help rising for the purpose of thank-
ing the Senator from New Hampshire for the just
tribute he has paid to that great man—a native
and a citizen of my own State—who is justly the
head of the Navy. Sir, without11 old Stewart"
you would have no naval history at all. He has
done more for the renown of the Navy than all
the men who lived before him, or in his lifetime;
and yet that man has been stricken down and dis-
graced in his old age. Instead of thus disgracing
him we ought to have paid him some such honor
as we paid General Scott for his great services in
the Army. If we have it not, we ought to have
created the rank of Admiral, and conferred it on
Commodore Stewart. But, instead, that old man
has been disgraced in his old age.
[ shall vote for the motion of the Senator from
Virginia to reconsider the amendment of his col-
league for the purpose, as I hope, of doing justice
to all these people; for, when you have once con-
fided this discietion to the hands of the President,
there will be no prejudice, and ultimately every
man will be restored to his proper place. When
these gentlemen entered into the service of then-
country, we made a contract with them, an im-
plied contract, that so long as they behaved them-
selves well they should be continued in the ser-
vice, and be promoted as often as opportunities
offered. In place of that, after many of them had
spent almost the whole useful part of their lives
in the service of the country, we turned them out
to pick up their living as best they can. We have
treated them as a parcel of old stage-horses; we
have turned them out to starve after we have used
their manhood.
Mr. WILSON. I intend, Mr. President, to
change the vote I gave the other day in favor of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr.Hunter.] I gavethatvote because
I did not wish to increase the number of officers
in the Navy. We have already too many. I ap-
prehend that that is our chief trouble. When the
original bill was brought up in 185o, I did not
vote for it, although I was present. I believed
that we needed reform in the Navy, but I was in
doubt in regard to that measure. I have no doubt
that mistakes have been committed under that
act. Yet I have no doubt that reforms, needed
reforms, have been brought about by its execu-
tion.
This matter has been before the Senate day after
day during the last two or three years. I think
the Senate and the country are heartily sick of it.
We have been importuned from every quarter.
We have passed an act to remedy the action of
the old board. Officers have been before these
new courts, and they have pronounced upon their
cases; but they are not content with this, for they
come here and ask for the adoption of the resolu-
tion which is now pending. I thought it was rea-
sonable to adopt the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Virginia, to give these persons an
opportunity to be restored, if the President should
sodecide,only when vacancies occurred; but, after
listening to the statement of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, whose position and whose experience in
regard to the Army and the Navy empower him
to speak with some degree of force, 1 have con-
cluded to change the vote I gave the day before
yesterday, and to place the whole matter at the
discretion of the President.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the question
before the Senate to be on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was carried.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays, and
thoy were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to allow the increase of the number of officers on
the active-service list as now authouzed by law.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] being called from the Senate by import-
ant public business,! agreed to pair off with him
and not to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Brown,Fessenden, Foster, Ham-
lin, Hunter, Johnson of AtUnusas, Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Mallory, Smart, Trumbull, Wa<le; and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messis. Crodcuck, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas,
Purkee, Fitch, Filzpatrick, Foot, Green, Gvnn, Hale, liar-
Ian, Houston, Ivei^on, Jones, Kennedy, Peurce, Polk,
Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Toombs, Wilson, and Wright—
30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mi\ COLLAMER. I have an amendment to
offer, to add at the end of line twelve the words,
within six months from the passage of this res-
olution;" so that it will read:
He shall have authority, any existing law to the contrary
notwithstanding, within six months from the passage of this
resolution, to nominate, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. FITCH. If there is nothing before the
Senate I desire to make an explanation, in part
political, in part personal to myself. It is known
that at, and immediately subsequent to, the period
of the presentation of the President's annual mes-
sage to this body, an eminent Senator took issue
with the President on certain matters contained in
that message. It is further known that that issue
has excited considerable feeling discussion
throughout the country. On the 8th of this month
a State convention of the party to which I belong:
assembled at the seat of government of my own
State—the first State convention, at least in any
northern State, of that political party since the
delivery of the message. It is known, I presume,
that the result of the deliberations of that conven-
tion was looked for with no little interest, not only
by the immediate representatives of thatState, but
by others, as the first expression of public opinion
which would reach here relative to the menu of
the case involved in the issue to which I have
alluded. While we were looking with no little
anxiety for the result of its action, a general tele-
graphic dispatch was published by the news-
papers, I believe of the East, stating that it had
emphatically indorsed the Administration. Be-
fore, however, any authentic detail of its pro-
ceedings reached here, a special dispatch was pub-
lished in the Intelligencer and Globe of this city,
in the form of a resolution, purportygg to have
been adopted by that body, published under such
circumstances as to induce the belief, indeed un-
der such circumstances as showed a design to con-
vey the impression, that it was the only resolution
passed by the convention on the subject-matter of
the issue to which I have referred. A construc-
tion, furthermore, has been put on that resolution
which has been industriously circulated by the
letter-writers for the Republican press ia several
