1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
to be tlie great principles which underlie our sys-
tem of government. Tiie people of my State, sir,
hold those views to-day. Taught them by their
revolutionary sires, and by that written history
of the country with which almost every youth
arnon  us is as familiar as is any gentleman upon
this floor, they cherish them, and will abide by
them. Anti-slavery they are; anti-slavery they
glory in being:; unbought by the offers of polit-
ical sycophants; unsullied by the seductions of
cotton and commerce, and the wealth which they
impart; uninfluenced by the crazy threats of frat-
ricidal fanatics who proclaim disunion, or unsub-
dued by any fear.
Sir, my constituents and the State which I
have the pride of representing in part, ask noth-
ing more of their sister sovereignties than that
they abide by the terms of the original compact.
Their history is a life-long pledge of their fealty
to it. But with the crazy scheme of the slavery-
extenders of this day they have no sympathy,
and to the doctrine they will grant no quarter.
They have from time to time acquiesced in those
compromise measures which have been adopted,
with the expectation thai each one was to be the
last. When the black tide ofslavery has throv n
another, and still another surge far up upon the
free shore of our confederated dominion, they have
protested against the sacrilege in language be-
coming to freemen, and demanded a cessation of
these atiacks. But when the leading spirits ofthe
nation have, through expediency, proposed a
mutual yielding, m order to give a common re-
pose, the citizens of my State have been the first
to acquiesce, while atthe same time they changed
not, in a single iota, their views of the nature of
this evil, or its true municipal position in this
countiy No single step has been taken in this
aggressive march of slavery towards a national
existence, or the founding of an empire whose
base should be the bowed necks and crushed
souls of men whom God made a portion of the
human brotherhood, which has not met the stern,
opposing judgment and conscience of my constit-
uents. Loving freedom at the first, they broka
eveiy manacle within the S ate. Before you can
force them into an acknowledgment of its exist-
ence there, you must turn the army of a Xerxes
upon them, and crush the wall of living hearts,
which, flying from the cottages and palaces within
its borders, w>!l close up in solid column for the
defense of their sovereign rights. Sir, man-
stealing is a crime of magnitude in our State.
Even the making of a claim to the possession of
another human body, containing a living soul,
subjects the claimant to arrest and trial under
our statute. Such is the love of liberty and the
sense uf equal justice in the bosoms of our peo-
ple. 1 esteem it one of the pioudest acts of my
life, that by the suffrages of my own townsman
I was enabled, by my vote in the Legislature, to
give that spirit vitality in a statute law; and that,
too, because, in common with my feilow-citizens,
I believe that the rights of all men are the gift of
God, and the claims of property are not to be
mentioned in the same breath.
Sir, when the convention which framed our
Federal Constitution had under advisement that
portion of the report of the committee of detail
winch recommended a tax upon the importation
of certain persons, (meaning slaves,) one of the
brightest lights of our State—whose legal power
was second to none in the country—of whose name
and fame every son of Connecticut is proud, arose
in ins place in opposition to the measure, simply
upon the ground il that 'll implied they icere prop-
ertyNot that it was asserted in the provision,
but simply that it might thereafter be implied.
Who, sir, rises up to convict the pure-heaited,
clear-headed Roger Sherman, in these utterances
of the sentiments of the people of our State, so
long ago as 1787? When, m the furtherance of
the mad schemes of slavery propagandists, m
2814, the broad.acres of the Louisiana purchase
were devoted to chattel servitude, and when, in
1819, the peninsula of Florida was added as a \lave
Stale to our confederation, the people of Connec-
ticut stood in opposition. And m the exciting
scenes which convulsed the country, over the ad-
rpission of Missouri as a slave State, and which
finally culminated in what was supposed to be a
permanent bairier to the extension of slavery
northward, the citizens of my State, were not sec-
ond m their hostility to this scheme for the exten-
sion of the slave system, even though a hunker
portion of their Representatives upon this floor
betrayed their principles. When slavery rested
temporarily from " its goings to and fro" in the
country, seeking an avenue for extension, and
assailed the sacred right of petition in these Halls,
from 1835 to 1838, my constituents were no in-
different spectators of that great struggle. And
when the same power, under the "gag resolu-
tions" brought " the venerable sage of Q,umcy"
to the bar of this House for the presentation of a
petition, the slumbering spirit of even our staid
conservatives was aroused.
In 1844 you opened up the propagandist scheme
afresh; and expended millions of the money of
the people to take "The Lone Star Republic "
into the bosom of the Confederacy; providing that
from this prolific political womb should be born,
at times suitable for the future emergencies which
might arise in the slavery extending scheme, four
slavehold ing sovereignties. Did Connecticut tame-
ly and silently acquiesce in this wholesale barter
of those principles enunciated by Roger Sherman
and his compeers of the constitutional convention?
She has a history upon that transaction, and it is
written.
In 1850 you cnacted a man-hunting, heaven-
defying law, which abrogated the Divine precept
" to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, and shel-
ter the oppressed;" turned every acre of our land
into a Federal hunting-ground for men; made our
citizens blood hounds by law to reclaim captives
under the pains and penalties of a forfeiture of
our hard-earned property and imprisonment in a
felon's cell. Did we bow and cringe and swear
allegiance in the loss of our principles and man-
hood ? Sir, you cannot get a corporal's guard in
the whole State to enforce the edict, not even of
that so-called Democratic conservative portion of
our citizens, who swear by James Buchanan and
the Lecompton constitution, the Federal patron-
age of course included. You but stirred up our
yt omanry to the contemplation of how they could
best pieserve their sovereignty as a State, and
their rights asindividuals, against the aggr< ssions
of that slavery propagandism winch then, as it
has since, held complete control over the general
Administration. The action of the two great na-
tional conventions, ignoring all discussion of a
question which involved our dearest rights, and
promising, by all the force of paity machinery,
" to crush out" discussion, buried in a sepulcher
too deep for the ghost of a chance of resurrec-
tion, the old Whig party in the State, and passed
the Democratic party, its opponent, through the
damp vaults leading to its final sepulcher—hang-
ing a dark and murky pall over its prospects of
ever becoming a victorious political organization
there, unless tfy a division of the anti-slaveiy
forces upon local questions The repeal of the
Missoun restriction—the prolific dam of this
whole brood of villainies against the people of
Kansas, from Atchison }s invasion to the consum-
mation of the scheme in the presentation of the
pro-slavery Lecompton instrument—has decimat-
ed the already broken ranks ofthe Administration
party in the State. The Dred Scott decision of the
supreme judicial bench of the country has shown
them that even the sanctity of our highest judi-
cial seats has been invaded by this rabid spirit of
slaveiy extension, and that the robe of the judge
is no proof against the partisan madness of the
day.
Sir, the people of Connecticut are not slaves,
nor the sons of slaves. They are not vassals of
the South, nor the children of vassals. They are
as a body, legitimate m descent from the pilgrims
of Plymouth, and glory in their puritanic char-
acter and ancestry. Their early laws recognized,
and were based upon, those Divine precepts which
they believed and piacticed. Then code of stat-
utory obligations, from the founding of their
first colony down to the present time, will gather
fresh luster by a comparison with ihe cotempora-
neous code of any other colony or country. She
will blush for the weakness of a son of hers who,
in the presence of the nation's Representatives,
asserts as fact what has no foundation in her
legal history, but was the jeer of the infidel in con-
sequence of her puritan character. I allude, sir,
to that remarkable feature in the speech of my
colleague from the fourth district, [Mr. Bishop,]
asserting the former existence of a fabulous law,
and passing m review the statutes of our State,
against the violations of the moral law, to excite
the jeers and laughter of Representatives whom
it would not injure to be brought under their re-
straining influence. Sir, we have a "Sabbath
law," a " gambling law," a law against "pro-
fanity," and a Connecticut " liquor law," with
their pains and penalties. The atmosphere of
this corrupt Federal city would be much purer
if those laws were a portion of the code of this
District, and had Connecticut men to enforce
them. We have also a law against" bearing
false witness," or slander; and I much mistake
the spirit of the citizens of my colleague's dis-
trict, if they do not enter up the judgment of an
overwhelming majority against him in the elec-
tion which is to come.
Sir, a majority of the citizens of my State oc-
cupy that happy social position which is a me-
dium between a wealthy aristocracy on the one
hand, and a poverty, which is generally wedded
to ignorance, upon the other. Our farmers culti-
vate their limited acres; our artisans and mechan-
ics, by their intelligence and skill, always find
employment at a remunerative compensation, un-
less the fountain of labor dries up; our merchants
are second to none in the commerce chambers of
the country; and our " school-masters are always
abroad. " There are but few who do not acquire
a sufficiency of wealth to educate their sons and
daughters for any walk of life which they select,
and to grant them sufficient assistance with which
to commence their career. The result is, they are
virtuous; for, as a general rule, the idlers are the
vicious ones of a community. They are intelli-
gent, and thoroughly posted in all the principles,
history, and present operations of our Govern-
ment. They are political thinkers from their
youth. What passes in these Halls, what is
spoken in debate here, is read in their daily papers,
and commented upon at their evening firesides.
With such a people for a constituency—acknowl-
edging the dignity and rights of labor, scorning
the coarse taunts uttered against them, and loath-
ing the system which holds a fellow-laborer in the
most abject vassalage, as a chattel, a tinng, hurl-
ing back in your teeth the pronunciamiento which
seeks to debase and degrade them—I do not
wonder that the small remnant of your slave-
extending party in Connecticut lifts up its prayer
that you cease the utterance of such companions
and such slanders, for its very existence sake.
I counsel no such silence. pflrty good, no
party existence, shall ever humiliate me enough
to ask the South, or any section or party, to play
the hypocrite in order to suhiain my political life.
If the spirit of aristocracy is in the South; if', in
its narrow judgment, the great laboring class of
the Noith is yoked with the abject servitude of
the slaves of the South, to form " the mud-sills"
of our political edifice, out with it, then, with ail
that openness of character with which you are
accredited ! You will soon find these despised
" mud-sills"of the North rising up your peers, and
towering above you in the future history of this
Government, even now being regenerated by their
awakening.
Sir, my colleague may speak for the party when
he beseeches his southern allies to believe what
they please, but to keep their counsel from the
northern public ear. I speak for Ike people when
1 ask you to make a clean breast of your views and
designs. As reasoners, if they cannot answer
your sophistries; as politicians, if they cannot go
as deep as the profoundest of you in the science
of government; as readers of our own history, if
they cannot rebut and overthrow your assump-
tions concerning the nature and extent of the
powers of our federative Government; then, sir,
they will, in the spirit of a true manhood, take
their seats at your feet as pupils. But, sir, you
can never blot out their hatred to slavery 5 or se-
duce them into crediting its morality and benefi-
oence as a system. Born upon free soil; inhaling
a free air; educated in free schools, and taught a
free gospel, it is beyond any earthly power to
make them love the system of a forced servitude,
much more submit to the dictum of its masters.
If the working-men of Connecticut were the only
slaves in this Confederacy, it would be annihi-
lated in a few short hours by a revolution which
would be decisive and final.
Sir, it is true that we have a term of political
reproach in use among us which is significant,
and utters its own meaning when pronounced. A
