1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
tended Section for a constitutional convention;
the creation of a peripatetic recent and supreme dic-
rsror, who holds the unannounced certificates of
the kit'- cifction'for Smte officers in his breeches
pork'-': his absence from theTemtory for month?,
and his hanging around the Federal city, and the
reading- of the author of the popular sovereignty ;
do- rrine out of the pale of the party, because he
cannot shut his eyes aeainst this outrageous swin-
dle—all, all, sir, make the grand design of the party
and this Administration perfectly apparent. They '
me«n a " nigger" in Kansas,or no Kansas in the
Union. Popular sovereignty is well enough as a
text upon which to predicate speeches to please
the northern Democratic ear; but wlv-n it rears a
barrier against the extension of slavery, it is to ,
the Smith a bird of different plumage. It, will he
di-'rwu't for the people of the North to harmonize
the pitiful pettifogging of the friends of Leromp-
ton to carry this measure, with the stern popular
vet diet of ten thousand majority of the sovereigns
against it.
Still another reason for my opposition is found
in the fact that it is not for the interest of my State
to depart from the first inaugurated policy of our
Government under the Constitution, to which I
have so briefly adverted in my opening remaiks.
The danger to this Government lies in its strong
tendency to centralization, federation, or too much
central power. The Federal Government is of
limited powers; and I will go as far as the fur-
thest to give the sacrcd instrument of its exist-
ence a strict construction. Far beyond the most '
extensive speculations of our fathers has execu- 1
live patronage even now reached, in its rapidly-
augmenting course. It is conceded by the coun-
try that an Administration in power has the odds
of almost two to one in a popular election. Theie
is not even a village of our broad country m the
which the President has not an active political
agent; a local manager of the political affairs of
his Administration, either for his own reelection ,
or the candidate nominated by his party to suc-
ceed him. And this agent musthave an unsullied
party record, or the ax of the executive guillotine
removes his official head without even saying " by
your leave," or consulting in the least degree the
will of the people. But, sir, when the centralGov-
ernmcnt takes the system of chattel-slavery under 1
its especial protection; when it deckues that every
rood of land in our broad territories, .stretching
away to ilif* Pacific ocean, is, by the Constitu-
tion, the legal abode of the chattel-system, and
that the central Government will enforce that sys-
tem at the point of Federal bayonets, it is time '
that the increasing millions of northern freemen
should investigate and decide for ihemselves this
new interpretation. It, at one blow, nationalizes
the chattel system, hovers it under ihe wine, of
our emblematic bird, shielding and defending it
wilh us angry beak. At the same ume, it anni-
hilates all that makes the property valuable to
northern laborers.
If a corrupt, partisan Administration usurps to
itself the power of treading upon new ground, no
parrot is far-sighted enough to discover the final
results of that first misguided step. Already an
alarmed North feeis about the pillars and strong
columns which support its independent State sov-
ereignties, to discover the solidity of their foun- '
dations. Steadily increasing in strength as a cen-
tral power, you are also as steadily trenching
upon State rights, and you will yet claim the ? ight
to drive your coffied slaves through the very tem-
ples of fn-odom by the decision and with the aid
of the central Government. This prophecy may
be esteemed a madness; but there are chikhen
now born m the North who wilt iive to witness
the attempt. When that tune comes, your Re-
public Wiii b. eome an Emnne, your centra! Gov-
ernment oj- Pans i>s to France, otid your elected
Pi eyidt'iif an tCinp"ror. It cannot U; reached hnt
by ievolution <uid blood; but both may be h verted
by nipntng in the bud this tendency to centraliza-
tion -fijis encroachment upon the rights of the
free Stiit.■«.' of this Union.
If is not lor the interests of the North to extend
the ciiet  of slavery, for another reason. Your
ch.iitei svs:em conflicts with the true interests of
oor northern laborer in almost all respects. We
h t\" u !t tne sdavory power nressnm like an m-
c.i!<"- ;,..on us. "You dictate the tariff policy of
the nation, and oy owning your own laboiers,do
not hesitate to attempt to enforce a frce-trad'e pol-5
icy which places the labor of our free mechanics
upon a level with the pauper labor of Europe. At
your wilt the governmental screws are unloosed,
or turned iwuii the cry of reduction of wages rings
through all the manufactories and aitisans' shops
of the North, or else close their doors and stop the
hum of industry.
No hired pauper of Europe, even though his
remuneration for daily labor is but a scanty pit-
tance, can compete with the owners of the human-
labor machine in the South. You can restrict his
daily allowance to the stand-point of actual neces-
sity. You can compel him under the lash to
I labor for a number of hours per day, which, if
{ forced upon the paupers of Europe, would revo-
I lutiomze <-very nauon upon the face of that con-
; tment. You do not need protection for such labor,
and self interest alone leads you to the formation
of a tariff that will, with the least possible addition
: essential to the carrying on of our Government,
i place.in your hands the product of their indus-
I try at the lowest possible price. But, sir, the
[ free labor of the North will never consent to take
; rank either with the paupers of Europe, or the
slaves of the South. It seeks at the hands of a
paternal Government protection from both. Just
so fast as this slave system expands itself, in the
ratio with which it fills your congressional Halls,
u diminishes the chances for that protection which
American industry and capital demand. I do not
wonder, sir, that Connecticut Democracy, cheek
by jowl with the South in her slave propagand-
ism, and in striking down the dignity and rights
of free labor, stands up in this Hall and begs of
its southern coadjutors to stifle the utterance of
their " mud-sill" sentiments, because such utter-
ances ring the death-knell of the party.
But theie is another and higher reason than all,
which will control my vote upon this question,
because it has been, is now, and, I trust, always
will be, a cardinal principle of my political life.
I do not, cannot, will not, acknowledge man's
right of properly in man. Bom and educated
amid the free institutions of the old Common-
wealth of Connecticut, I was tnu°ht their justice
and sanctity. The study of my later years has
but strengthened and established my early con-
victions. No doctrine is so abhorrent to me, sir,
as that so often proclaimed m this Hall, that one
mail has a social, political, moid!, nav, sir, a Di-
vine right, to hold as property the living body
of his fellow-man. It saps the foundation of all
rights invested in man by a high Creator. It stands
between an eternal Ruler and the accountable
subject. It claims the power, and exercises it, of
making nugatory Divine commands. This it does
by holding the marnoge covenant subject to the
capi ices offortune and the dictiu Mof another's will,
when the Divine Authority has declared it perma-
nent. It claims the power, and exercises it, of
shutting up the immot tal mind in the prison-house
ofignorance,and forbids the application ofits God-
given powers in fitting itself for the study of that
| Hook by whose laws it must finally be judged, and
| through whose pages alone it can" discover the
> moral beauties of the world's great Redeemer. It
claims and exercises the rigfft of selling in the
public shambles the child of another's loins, scat-
tering families, without their consent, to the ex-
tremes of its spreading dominions. It abrogates
nature's first law of self-defense. In a word, it
lays its iron hand upon " the image of God'' in
man, and by one fell legal blow makes him a
chattel, a thing, a beast of burden, an article of
merchandise in the markets of the country.
Sir, I cannot acknowledge the existence of that
right thus to transform a fellow-man—anywhere
on this vast globe of ours, much less in my own
native country, the boasted "land of the free,
and the home of the brave." For that reason,
also, I shall vote against this Lecompton con-
stitution. I do not hold any party in my own
State or elsewhere responsible for the doctrine set
fortii in this last reason for my vote against Le-
compton. II will be my highest pleasure to co-
opciate with any man differing with me on this
fundamental question in any effort to strangle this
fraudulent attempt to impose a constitution upon
an unwilling people in Kansas. Whatever may
be the result of this local struggle, for myself and
my constituents I pledge you that there will be no
cessation of effort until tins Government is bn night :
back to its eaily practice, and a practical infidelity
shall give place to tire bruad principles of a gen-
uine Christian morality, which was the glory of
its noble founders.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Chairman, the sectional
agitation is upon us again. In vain we seek to
get rid of it, in vain we endeavor to banish it from
these Halls, and transfer it, under the Constitu-
tion, to the people of the Territories, or to the
judiciary. It still returns upon us. It has taken
various forms in the different stages of our his-
tory. At one time it is the acquisition of Louis-
iana, then the Missouri question; at another, the
right of petition: again, it is the annexation of
Texas; then it reappears after a brief space, as
the Wilmot proviso; changing its form, it now
comes before us as Kansas. But in all its different
aspects it is the same principle of sectional antag-
onism. It flows on through the different periods
of our history, a dark and gloomy current, draw-
ing its sources from the fountains of bitterness,
and threatening in its accumulating floods ulti-
mately to submerge the Republic.
The admission of Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution has been so elaborately discussed
that I do not propose to go over this ground in
detail. I shall content myself with alluding to
some of the questions raised in the discussion,
and a consideration of the sectional controversy
in its more general bearings. A good deal has
been said as to the necessity of a submission of
the Lecompton constitution to a popular vote.
As to the expediency of a submission of the
constitution to a popular vote in the case of the
Lecompton constitution, I have nothing to say;
that was a question for the convention alone to
determine. The only question, in this connec-
tion, 1 propose to consider, is the necessity of
such submission. Is it necessary to submit a
| constitution to a popular vote to give it validity ?
: I think not. I admit that no constitution can have
| vitality but from the assent of the people; and if
! a submission to popular vote were the only mode
by which the people could express their assent,
then such submission would be indispensable
1 But is this the case > Certainly not. The people
' may express their assent in advance, by confer-
ring upon their delegates the power to make the
constitution. Empowering others to make the
constitution for them, is agreeing in advance to
i be bound by the action of those others, and thus
in advance giving their assent to the constitution.
There are several modes by which the people
might give their assent to a constitution. They
I might meet in mass meeting, and make their con-
I stitution, clause by clause. This would come
1 nearest, perhaps, to actually making their own
'! constitution; but there are so many practical ob-
jections to this mode, that it will find, perhaps,
b few advocates; though, in the progress of the
I' democratic mania, even this mode may come to
: be insisted on eventually as the only legitimate
j! mode having due regard to popular sovereignty.
|j Again: the people might authorize their delegates
h to form and establish their constitution for them;
and this, perhaps, is the best mode of accom-
plishing the purpose, if the delegates are judi-
ciously chosen; for it is most likely that in this
mode the constitution will be the embodiment of
the highest wisdom of the community, acting in-
dependent of popular errors or prejudices.
Yet further, the people might confer upon their
delegates the power of forming the constitution,
but deny them the power of giving it vitality, but
reserve to themselves this sovereign right. At first
view this mode may appear desirable; but when
wc consider that the mere power to say yes or
no upon an entire constitution in the lump, not
m permitting an expression of opinion upon every
I j clause, but only upon the aggregate, amounts to
i! very little. If every man were allowed to vote
!i upon every clause, it is likely that no constitution
'■ that could be devised would obtain a majority of
:j votes for all its clauses, yet if the same constitu-
!. tion were suomitted to a popular vote it would in
!. all probability, as a general rule, obtain a major-
■ lty of votes. When a constitution is submitted
[i to popular vote, the question is not whether the
- majority favor all the provisions, the question is
really-whether it is better to have that constitu-
tion or no constitution. You may submit a sin-
glo question to popular vote as a means of really
- ascertaining the public will. as for instance, "con-
i vention or no convention," or "bank or no bank,"
! or "slavery or n® slavery;" but the submission
I of a constitution, or framfe of gov^r'nnreilt, to a
