2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
4
and that is so infinitesimal as not to be ascertain-
able. You take money out of the pockets of the
laboring- millions to pay for the lights that show
the pathway leading into port for the ships of
France and England, and our own country. It is
part of the same system, and it is unjust.
The principle for which I contend is a sound
one, and it ought to be adopted; and I say it is
practicable even in regard to the Mississippi river,
that "inland sea" which led astray even the
great, bright intellect of South Carolina, on an
idea of public necessity to devise some scheme
by which that great work could be done. The
pressure was immense; the population concerned
amounted to millions; the interest was terrific; and
he sought to find some mode by which he could
detach that great interest from the thousand
schemes of peculation in the United States; but
they all stand on the same great principle. There
is no power in this Government to do it. Con-
gress can give them the power to pay the expenses
of their own improvements, and that is the only
rightful and legitimate mode on which these great
improvements should be carried on.
Mr. DURKEE. Will the honorable gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TOOMBS. With great pleasure.
Mr. DURKEE. Admit that the ship-owner
pays the tonnage duty, does it not enter into the
price of the goods, and therefore necessarily fall
on the consumer?
Mr. TOOMBS. That is one element of price,
but very often it is the least, and the ship-owner
knows it; for he would rather you should pay it
than he himself. It is one element of price, and
will enter into it ceteris paribus.
Mr. DA.VLS. I have listened to the Senator
from Georgia, with attention and interest. He
has sustained his construction of the particular
clause in relation to vessels clearing from one port
to another with his usual ability, and with an ar-
ray of authority which I will not gainsay. So far,
then, from continuing the argument with him on
that point, I admit that he has sustained his con-
struction of that clause of the Constitution. I
think, however, when he assumes that the clause
admits of no other construction, is capable of no
extension,applicable to no other case, ire assumes
more than the authority he has read authorizes.
Every remark he road in the discussion of this
clause of the Constitution clearly referred to other
than domestic tonnage; and if he will follow his
examinations snll further, to the first discussion
which arose in Congress, m 17D0 1 think, he will
there find (hat Mr. Madison, in introducing a
proposition, attempted to establish a scale of ton-
nage duties, and that that scale of tonnage duties
looked to the purpose of building up American
shipping by relieving it of th<- burden which for-
eign ships should bear; and that, even when nav-
igating the ocean, coming from a foreign port to
a port of the United Elates, the purpose was de-
clared to be to disci iminate in favor of American
ships, or ships owned wholly or in part by Ameri-
can citizens, and against those which were termed
foreign bottoms.
But, whether 1 be correct in that or not, I think
the other clause of the Constitution to which he
passes to sustain his position, is one on which I
can make a satisfactory answer. He says it is ne-
cessary to icsort to that clause of the Constitution
which declares that the States shall not, without
the consent of Congress, lay tonnage duties; and
he infers from the language there employed that
the States were to lay tonnage duties on whatso-
ever they pleased. 1 think, spread broadcast over
the whole Constitution, is the great principle of
free trade between the States. As 1 recollect the
language of Mr. Fiankhn, he said the trade be-
tween the States should be as free as that between
the counties of England. It was the spirit which
moved the convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, and entered into the State conventions by
whom it was ratified. In the same section, and
m the paragraph next preceding, my friend from
Georgia will find in the Constitution lying before
him, it is provided that no State, without the con-
sent of Congress, shall lay any duty upon imports
or exports, except so far as to execute their in-
spection laws; and that, if the consent is given, the
net proceeds shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United states. Then follows the provision that no
State shall enter into any contract or alliance, or
shall keep armies, or shall lay duties on tonnage
except with the consent of Congress, the differ-
ence between the two clauses being only that, in
the first, the excess of duty is to be paid into the
Tieasuuy; and in the second, no provision is made
f%- any excess whatever; and under the very ob-
vious understanding which the Senator has pre-
sented, that it was the interest of every port to lay
the tonnage duties as low as possible, and no ex-
cess was to be anticipated. The power, however,
is the same. Now, would it be contended by any
one—surely not by afree-trader, not by one whose
principles are those of free trade, like the Senator
from Georgia—that the first clause gives to a
State, with the consent of Congress, the power to
lay duties upon imports and exports from another
State of the Union? *And yet the power is as
broad, and is conferred in language almost ex-
actly the same with that which gives them the
right to lay duties on tonnage.
It would; be unfair to the argument if I omitted
to say that the discussion to which I referred to
sustain my opinion, was on a bill which did im-
pose some duties on the coastwise trade. My
memory does not serve me, and I am not able at
this time to pursue the investigation so far as to
learn whether the word "coastwise," in that
connection, was used as we use it now, to refer
to the navigation pursued from one port of the
United States to another. I will grant thatit did;
and if so, then they departed from what 1 think
was the principle that appeared to prevail in all
the debates preceding it, by establishing a very
small amount of duty upon Amcncan tonnage—so
small as to sustain the argument under which it
was made—to pay the light tax to which the Sen-
ator from Georgia referred. In all the discussion,
I think the tonnage duty which was in the mind
of the convention, and of the Congress which
succeeded it, referred to tonnage engaged in for-
eign trade; and so strongly was this presented
by Mr. Jackson, of Georgia, the cotemporary of
Mr. Madison, that m counting the amount which
Wjfs to be received from Georgia from tonnage
dnties, he excluded Ameucaii tonnage altogether.
•l^If, then, I am coriect, that the power to lay
Iron n age duties, and the power to lay duties on
imports and exports, be exactly the same, so far as
a State can exercise it, 1 think I am sustained m
my first proposition, that it was a power not to be
exercised against ships belonging to our fellow-
countrymen m the United States. Before the
Union was formed, tonnage duties were imposed
| for the purpose of improving harbors, and espe-
j cially for the establishment oflights. It was con-
j tinned afterwaids for a long time. I do not find
| anywheie conclusive evidence that it was the m-
; tent that they should be imposed, even for that
! purpose, upon our own shipping; but if I grant
I all this, (and 1 do not wish to enter into an argu-
ment on a collateral question which really has
little or no connection with that befoie us,) then
1 ask you how will the tonnage duties be levied on
boats navigating rivers; and how will they be col-
lected on those vessels ? Tonnage duties, as un-
j derstood by the framers of the Constitution, and
| the men who executed it for a long time after,
[ meant duties laid on vessels coming into ports,
i They were local duties; duties for the improve-
| ment of the port, and for the convenience of the
| vessel which entered the port. Now, sir, when a
i vessel arrives at New Oilcans, will you levy a
! duty for coming into the port of New Oileans—
' constructively a port, but in fact a landing made
i by tlie hand of nature, and but slightly improved
' by art? Cleaily, that is not the- tax you want.
; That you already impose under the municipal
j amhoiity, in wharfage tax. You want a tax for
; the improvement of the river itself; a toll tax, such
i as we pay on a highway. That is the only tax
which would avail anyihing. The Senator prop-
j erly describes the vast commerce of that river,
j and the very light burden which would necessa-
: nly be imposed; but 1 ask again if you are going
to impose a duty or tax in any form, for the im-
provement of the ri ver, how will you collect it in
the form of a tonnage duty at a port, as the Sen-
ator proposesr
' Air. TOOMBS. There is no sort of difficulty
! in levying the duty at the poi t of departure or the
, port of entry. If the power to levy tonnage duties
I were giant* d by Congress to all the States on the
i line of that commerce to tax on tonnage a quarter
! of a dollar a ton, if you please, as was done in
j the State of Georgia, the fund might go into the
hands of commissioners for improvement. It is one
of the simplest operations m the world. Wheie
the river is all in one State, grant it to the State.
Where it is in different States, the act ought to
specify the different ports at which they would
stop. I see not the least difficulty in it at all; no
more than in regard to the foreign trade.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator perhaps finds no
difficulty in the comparison he makes. But the ^
Mississippi, as a physical and political problem,
presents a vast difficulty, and one which might
very well confuse the great intellect of South Car-
olina. A boat starting from St. Louis, and bound
for New Orleans, has a long line of river, the im-
provement of which is essential to her benefit.
Every improvement made upon that whole line
of river inures to her advantage in navigating. A
tonnage duty collected at New Orleans is the same
on that vessel as on one that runs from some land-
ing fifty miles above Would this be equitable
or reasonable ? For many miles above, more
than fifty, you want nothing for the river; nature
has dug it out wide and deep, and there are no
snags and no bars to interfere with the naviga-
tion. Then you would impose by your tonnage
duty the same tax upon this vessel running fifty
miles over a river where art could do nothing, that
you would impose on another vessel tunning the
extreme distance of the whole navigation of that
long river. Upon the theory of the equal distri-
bution of taxation which the Senator hasaigued,
he must see that this would be entirely unjust.
Vessels that plow the ocean, when they come into
a port and pay port charges, may pay alike, be-
cause all the advantage they derive from any arti-
ficial improvement is in the port. Here the ad-
vantages are not in the port; they are along the
whole line of travel. You would have to erect
something corresponding to toll-gates if you as-
similated it to a road; you would have to collect
your taxes from point to point, according to the
distance over which the boat had passed—not to
lay a tonnage duty in a port to which the boat
might be bound, remote or near, as the case might
be.
That rivalry of ports to which I referred, was a
rivalry growing out of some ill feeling, some jeal-
ousy between two places. I selected two in the
Section to which the Senator and myself belong,
because there it would be merely commercial ri-
valry. He will not fail to perceive—it is not ne-
cessary for me to state a case—that rivalry of a
much more bitter kind might exist between ports
in different sections of the Union, and duties might
be imposed for vexatious purposes. I took two
ports where I would avoid that question. I did
it intentionally; and it is only necessary to sug-
gest it to the Senator's mmd, and he will see to
what consequences it might run.
The light-house system, as pursued by the Uni-
ted States, is certainly a very liberal one. We
make our lights free to foreign and domestic com-
merce. It imposes a tax, as has been very well
described, upon all the people of the United States,
because these light-houses aie builtand supported
out of the Treasury of the United States. To
change that immediately to a local tax is a ques-
tion involving so many points tor consideration,
so many difficulties, that I am not willing to touch
it so rudely and hastily as to decide at once that
the whole system should be changed. Modifica-
tions of it, 1 think, might well be made. Perhaps
it may be possible progressively to reach the point
to which the Senator"would have us go; but it
would be quite unequal to the State ot (Jeoiffia,
; to take the case of his own State, after the hght-
. house system is almost perfected in another quar-
ter of the Union, to say that light-houses should
now be built on the coast of Georgia, at her own
ji expense. Something of modification may be 111-
jj trodueed, something finally to correct what I ad-
I! mit to be an error.
;! Mr, TOOMBS, Allow me a moment. What
,j is the difficulty m the way of the Government
j I charging those who use the lights? I have no
doubt they ought to be under private superintend-
ence; but now, to-day, why should not a duty be
levied, as m all other counti ies in the world, upon
the vessels using the lights, to reimburse the cost
ot keeping them up, as is done in France and Eng-
land, and all along the MeditericUiea.i? It the
Government does build them, why not compel the
owners of ships to pay the expense, and thereby
throw the burden off poverty on wealth?
