APPENDIX TO THE CONCiiE&51GKAL GLOBE.
321
'35th Cong...J Se>js.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Marshall.
ilo. of Reps.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Well, I hope
the gentleman will enjoy his situation. Bui I must
aak pardon of the committee for indulging in this
badinage. I have been led into it unexpectedly.
Let it stop here. I have no unkind feelings to-
wards the gentleman from Indiana, and I hope he
wi'l so consider it. If he is satisfied now, I am
very sure that I am. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, the presentation of this Le-
compton constitution to Congress offered the peo-
ple of the South the bust opportunity they have
ever had of building up a great national and con-
servative party, which would have been a bul-
wark to the constitutional rights of the South m
all time to come. And-why? What was our diffi-
culty throughout the Noun during the last pres-
idential canvas, in maintaining the doctrine of
the Kansas-Neboi.ska bill and the Cincinnati plat-
form—the doctrine of leaving the people five to
form and regulate their own domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitu-
tion of the United States? What was the diffi-
culty? It was not that there was anything in the
doctrine hostile to the sentiments of the great body
of the northern people. Our opponents changed
that the Democratic parly were not acting in good
faith, and did not mean what they said, or intend
to carry out the pnnciples ihey piofess<d; that
the D'-mociatic was a pi o-slave i y m ^ai i i/atiun;
that we, the men of the North, who were sup-
porting it, wore doughfaces, hirelings, doing the
bidding of the slavcociacy; and that when ilie
Democrats got into power, they would not Ic.ue
u to the people of I\ansus to settle ;)ie matter at
the polls, but would foice slavery upon them;
lhatthe Kansas-Nebraska lull was passed foi that
\eiy purpose. We denied this charge every-
where, and insisted that the Democratic pirty
was honest in its professions, and that the pi'npV
would be permitted to fiame their constitution
and regulate their domestic affairs according to
th'\ir own will. And I tell you, if wo could have
.satisfied the people of the NY>rlh that such would
be tho practical effect of the doctrines of the Dem-
ocratic, party, and of tie* Kaunas-Nebraska bill,
the Republican party would have been reduced not
only thousands, but hundreds of thousands, and
the Democratic representation from !h" North
upon this iloor would have been doubled.
Well, sir, here comes tip, aftet tin* election, this
fenious Calhoun convention in Kansas; and they
i'tauie a com-tituiion which everybody knows—
there is no use discussing it—and whir It the mem-
bers of that convention know—to be a f,-aud and a
misrepresentation oft!;'1 will of tiie people of Kan-
i a They knew, at the time they assemble!, that
' he people of Kansas expected—for f- uch was the
smpi>'ss on everywhere, and many of the dele-
g u<~s were pledged to u beforehand—that when
i'ie constitution should be formed it should be
submitted to the people, that they mi^hi decide
v hmher it embodied then* sovereign wdl <>i- not.
When tins was done, and when this pio-"-I'u< ry
rotKfi to I jo) i was formed; when 1 here was not h ■' i 'g
to be gained by urgnrj tins tiling, and when evi y-
ihtng was to !•" gained by a contiary cou.se, if
tht4 South bad come up in a. body and spurned ai.d
repudiated tins fiaud; if they hud said, "as \\<-
wi II not submit to, so we will not insist upon, any
advantage- obtained by wrong or fiasid;"' ir they
ha.) dedaied now, when their motives could not
ho \ e hem qui'-aioned for so doing, that they wt-ic
dert-rraiiied to leave the people free to fiame tlvir
eon^titu'ion for themselves, and have slavery or
not, as t bey pleased : that :f there was any doubt
about there bavin:; been a fair expression of the
popular will they would have nothing to do wi'h
it: th.if they would hold their hands off until the
p"0ple should settle it for themselves;; if you bad
(i.me that, you would have given tin- pubhe con-
fidence in the honesty of your profe; s-ions, and
hi 3k._ n . [own ^eetiona'ism and fanaticism forever.
Oh, but tJ• iwould be intervention ! Study, sir,
the meaning of words, as well u.« the principle* of
]),'•! ties, muM be undergoinga rapid chaoge. Mr.
Ctlhoun brings a paper here winch he calls the
constitution of Kansas, but which the p oph- of
Kansas, m ever}'mode in which they can speak,
declare is not tin ir constitution. Their Delegate
vnoa tl is floor says it is not their constitution;
their Tenuoml Legislatuie, the only legal legis-
lative body existing in that Ttrntoi say it is
New Series—No, 91.
not their constitution, and that they are not ask-
ing admission under it. And not only that, the
people are invited and encouraged by the Gov-
ernor and Secretary of State, and by the Pres-
ident, to go to thu polls on the 4th of January;
and they go to the polls,and say, by ten thousand
majority, that itis not their constitution, and that
they do not ask admission under it; and I, and
those who are acting with me, say we are not sat-
isfied that Kauris is asking admission into the
Union at this time, under that or any other con-
stitution. There is a dispute about it; and gen-
tlemen pretend that to say we v/ill keep our hands
off; that we will let the people settle it; that when
wo have become satisfied that the people have set-
tled the question, and have organized a govern-
ment, then we will consider whether they have
sufficient population, whether they ate the light
kind of a people to be admitted into the Union;
but until they have done that, we will have noth-
]mc to do with the matter; 1 say gentlemen pre-
tend that this is intervent'on in the nllbus of the
people of a Territoiy, and that to force a consti-
tution upon them which tin y utterly repudiate,
and force it, if need be, at the point of flu1 bayo-
net, is non-interc?}}tion. We!!, sir, according to
my view, it would be non-intericntion with a ven-
geance.
Let me make another lemaik oi two in regard
to this thing of proscription. In ]-*04,tbe issues
upon which the Whig party had stood, passed
away. Their great leader had gone down to his
giave. After the dissolution and dnmi gam/.at ion
of that paity, there sprang tip in the country two
profit parties; and the rapidity v-itb which they
spread and ganitd strength appalled the henit of
e\uy national and conservative man thioughout
this great country.
Tlie Democialic party seemed to be inciting
away like snow before them. On one side was
the Know Nothing party, and on the other the
Republican party, which sremed to spring into
existence spontaneously after the passage of the
Kansas-Nebiaska bill. The Democrats were /ly-
ing before tbem, both on the right hand and on the
left, and the spaniei-hke time-servers of the party
were running howling back to their kennels to
evade the co-n^st, and there lurked to await the
result of the ffvco battle that was approaching.
T< iror spi< ad lluoughout the whole country.
Not only the defect, but the de-Uinetmn of im:
Demociatic party se< nmd to beahuo.-i inevitable.
Ar that time, when coward ; fb d and shrunk in
terror; when the w< ak and vaeiliasmg were skulk-
ing into hiding pi ic.;, and when men, now loud
!n denunciations of those who do not. act with
them on this quesiiO'o v.er" hesitating to know
vbeie they .should t-o, ami doubling what should
be tmircour.e for no purpose of sa\ them-
selves; at that time m duikness and terroi and
dtead, tbete came on the aicna two watitoir>
v, ho otti.xUed the at ten* urn and eyes of t bi^ whole
nan<«u. Without he«i!'ation, wit bout doubt, they
plunged into th" conteM: and whoser t lie clouds
loweo d dai kest. and tin- 1)a111 e was li« lvesi, their
stalw ai I forms woe seen oi ivuitc anion/ the thick-
est ranks of their enemies, both lb pn I .bean and '
Know Nothing. ri'iiejr v.-ai-tnyand the words j
of fire wiucn they bre.uia d foith v/ere caught up J
and repeated fi om e\ ei y stump and m every paper |
throughout 'h<- land. Tho<:e who had fanned !
to>>k c. uraL'' ; jImi.jc who bad lied turin d back and
begin to think th tl l h< re wn ; still some hojie and
some chanc o-' s'- v 'og the Demwci-atio tcrty from ,
de->li'U( i;"u ;md ds ^.^jjuii'.n. Ti:e exuhant enemy
bc^an to qa?al bnoio their blows. The strong-
he,;rtr d iJi'iuo-aats r.dbed u-oa:nl tlu'S" gallant
Mild victorious captains, lly degrt"-.< they began
to rei'Mii ilie ueUi.s they had b/ t. The cn nay,
Noith and r- c,ttli, w< re at Lmgth b-^aU n down, ;
and the bj,niiei > oi' t>": /:eat Demoeiati^ party !
w-u-e a^mn unfuih.;' in tuumoh bcfoic the eyes
of the. nation.
And wh.o weie th-.'.o b-aders who canv^ forward
at tins opportune t.me.and saved tin- jDen.o^rajic |
Dtirtj* v om destruction:1 One was a noithrrn man, ■
tb" aattbor of the ITaoc.as-Nebr'tslr'i bill; the oliier
the
.<n. in-
!
■at < lovi-r'iox* <
v,<.vS a so..iui'.'io a
much-honored tJOid Dommam.3J 'i'wo years
have hardly pass al awi-.y, and now tha-se man,
who made t■ i1' i 'voes on win. li .Jr. Dueiianan v/as
brought mlo pow*r—these men who tinned the
| tide and saved the party from destruction—are
' now proscribed and hunted down, as if they were
i in fact felons and traitors; and miserable time-
servers are endeavoring to blacken and befoul
their characters with their slime. My God, Mr.
Chairman, was such ingratitude ever heard of in
any country? [Several voices: "Never!"] And
why are they read out of the party ? One, the au-
thor of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and who ought
to know something of what that bill means, and
of whose fidelity to the Constitution and to the
rights of the South there ought to be no question,
says he is not satisfied that the people of Kansas
were left to settle and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way. He is not satisfied
that this constitution is a fair and legal embodi-
ment of their will; there is a doubt about it; and
he would rather wait, keep hands off, and let the
matter be settled by themselves, before he was
called to act upon it. For that, and that alone,
the hue and cry was raised that he has abandoned
the doctrine of non-intervention, and he must be
read out of the Democratic party; and that, too,
by the authors of the Buffalo platform, and others
of that kidne}'. And the great organ for the pur-
pose of doing that is the celebrated New York
ileruld, the leading organ of John C. Fremont in
the last presidential contest.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am as warm a friend of Mr.
Buchanan as he has on this floor. I expended a
considerable sum out of my scanty fortune, and a
great deal of time and labor, for the purpose of help-
ing to hrmg him into the presidential chair. From
the time 1 left this [louse after the memorable ses-
sion of iSoG, until the polls were closed and the
votes counted m my district and State, I scarcely
laid my head one night on my own pillow at home.
N ight and day, amid storms and sunshine, where
over there Yv7as a blow to he struck and a battle to
be fought, my weak arm was found attempting to
strike that blow, and to assist in thatxontest. I
am as devoted to the principles of the party, and
as anxious for the success of this Administration,
as any man can be. But let me tell you, Mr. Chair-
man,that throughout this country there are more
than half a million of men who supported Mr.
Buchanan withal! their hearts, and who are his best
fi lends, who never will sanction this Lecompton
movement under any circumstances. Let mo tell
you that they are men who owe Presidents ami
Cabinets nothing, and who expect nothing at their
hands. They will think for themselves. And,
if the President wants to maintain the integrity of
the party; if he wants to have the respect of those
who brought lnm into power, and who love and
venerate bun; if he expects to leave a bright rec-
ord, which those who love the party and those
who love his name may look upon with respect
and love and regard hereafter, he must call oi] ha
hounds. JTe. must d)ive Ills spanicte that aie balk-
ing at the herds of better men than themselves,
hack to th> ir kennel?; and the dirty puppies who
ar" spewing forth their filth through their dirty
sheets here and through the country, must be muz-
zled. [Laught' r.]
This courseeannotbe followed through all tinu .
If the integrity of the Democratic party is to be
maintained, tin* linn?; must stop. Blows will not
be always struck on one sid'"*. Itis not m human
nature to tolerate this thing forever. If you keep
hammc] mg a man over the head—i care not how
iiood a friend he may be—he will atlength resent
the indignity, and return blow for blow. There
i-i no doubt that <mch must be the result. If the
Ptesith nr consults his own inteiests, the inter-
ests of the Administration, and of the party of
which he is the guardian, I repeat, he must slop this
thing.
Mr. KUNKEI^, of Maryland. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say that the President of the Uni-
ted State* has inched what the gentleman thinks
proper to denominate the kttle petty puppies of
newspapers to make this war on any man or set
of men ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I w?d say this
to the gentleman. 1 would be glad to behove other-
wise; but 1 am sorry to s.ty that the evidence
foices me to the conclusion that the President
favors this thing. The special organ of the Ad-
ministration here, supposed to be in the confi-
dence of the President* has been most bitter and
vituperative. The Pennsylvania!!, ulso supposed
