1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
in delivering his opinion in the Dred Scott case,
says:
'•'The attcmptconpiFtedofaproposal to exclude Missouu
from a place m the Union unless her people would adopt a
constitution containing a prohibition upon the subject of
fchiverv, according to a prescription of Congress. The sen-
timent k now general,if not universal, that Congress had no
constitutional •power to impose the restriction. This was
frankly admitted at the bar, in the course of this argument."
The case was argued for Dred Scott by Mr.
Blair and Mr. G. F. Curtis, who cannot be sus-
pected of any bias for the southern view of the
question. In Groves vs. Slaughter, Mr. Justice
McLean, who was strongly spoken of for the
presidential nomination which Fremont received,
says:
" The Constitution of the United States operates alike in
all the States, and one State has the s .me power over sla-
very as every other Slate."—Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan,
3 How., 212.
The Supreme Court of the United States say:
" The United States have no constitutional capacity to
exercise municipal jurisdiction, sovereignty, or eminent do-
main, Within the limits of a State, except >n cased where
it is delegated, and the court denies the faculty of the Fed-
eral Government to add to its powers by treaty or compact."
Mr. Justice Campbell, in the Dred Scott case,
further says:
"This claim to impose a reduction upon the people of
Mi^oun involved a denial ot the constitutional relations
between the people of the States and Congress, and affiitned
a concurrent light for the latter with their people to consti-
tute the social and political system of the new States. A
Micce^sful maintenance of thi> claim would have altered the
basis of the Con-ntnnnn ; the new States would have be-
come members of a Union defined in part by the Constitu-
tion, and in part hy Co gress; they would not have been
admitted to 'Mis' Union; their sovereignty would have
been restricted by Confess as well as the Constitution "
Clearly upon this first question raised upon the
admission iif Missouri, the Smith were m the right,
and the northern sectional party in the wrong.
As regards the second question, the power of
Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories:
tins power is pertinaciously adhered to by the
northern sectional party; they refuse to be con-
vinced, though the argument against it is over-
whelming. Thevdeiive this power from that
clausc of the Constitution which authoiizes Con-
fess " to dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." From
this they assume a governmental power over the
territory. But this clause does not confer a gov-
ernmental power; it only confers a proprietary
power. This is obvious from the very terms
of the clause, ts territory or other property" evi-
dently showing that the power conferred, in ref-
erence to the territory,is as property. Again: the
power conferred by tins clause is opeiative within
a State where public land may be situated; thus
showing that it is a proprietary power only.
Again: if this power to make rules and regula-
tions for the territory of the United Suites con-
fers a governmental power, what was the use of
the Constitution conferring upon Congress, in ex-
press terms, governmental powers over the Dis-
trict of Columbia, as th is am pie power would have
resulted without express provision ? The tact that
the Constitution does confer expressly govern-
mental powers on Congress, in leference to the
District of Columbia, is conclusive that such pow-
ers wjre not conferred as to the territory by the
clause, authorizing " rules and regulations."
A^.un: if the Constitution had intended to confer
upon Congress governmental power over the ter-
ritory, it would, as it did in the case of the District
of Columbia, have done so by apt words. Not
having done so, the argument is stiong that they
did not intend to do so. Hut even if a govern-
mental power could be deduced from this clause
of the Constitution, itwould nor, authorize the pro-
hibition of slavery m the territories by the Fed-
eral Government, because such legislation would
be inconsistent with the equality which exists be-
tween the States. The power to govern the Ter-
ritories is most properly dedueible from the power
to admit new States. Congress having the power
to admit new States, has, as an incident to that
power, tiie right to prepare a State for admission
by establishing a territorial government; and m
ex-'cunng this derivative power, Congress has no
i Ji> lit to disci iinitiate in the Territories between i he
d liferent forms of ptoperty, but must respect all
prop" r?y recognized as propeity by the Constitu-
tion, which slave propei ty is. But without going
any further into the argument of tins question.
it is sufficient to say that it has recently come
for decision before the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in the Dred Scott case, and the question
has been decided adversely to the claim of the
prohibitionists. The position taken at all times j
m our history by all parties at the North, until
within a recent period, was that the Supreme Court
was the final arbiter of the Constitution, and its
decision was authoritative and binding. It would
be supposed, therefore, that the claim of power
to prohibit slavery would be abandoned after this
decision. Without myself claiming such force in
the decisions of the" Supreme Court, I may say
I rely on its decision in the Dred Scott case as a
powerful indorsement of the rightfulness of the
position taken by the South upon this question.
The third question raised in the Missouri con-
troversy was as to the power of Missouri to pro-
hibit the entrance of free negroes. This was re-
sisted by the northern sectional party as viola-
tive of the Federal Constitution, on the ground
that free negroes were citizens of the United States.
Never was a more unfounded pretension put for-
ward by any party. The best argument on this
point is a reference to the status of the free negroes
in the northern States. We find, on examination,
conclusive evidence that the free negro has always
been regarded and treated in the free States as of a
degraded class, and not admitted to citizenship,
as will appear from the following summary of
their legislation on the subject:
Massachusetts, in 1786, passed a law prohibit-
ing the marriage of white persons with any negro
or mulatto—declaring ail such marriages unlawful,
and the issue bastards. And in the revised code
of 1836, the same law is substantially reenacted,
except that the penalty is increased from fine to
fine and imprisonment on the person joining the
white and colored in marriage. Thus strongly
did Massachusetts, as late even as 1^36, manifest
her sense of the inferiority of the African race.
Again, by a lawof Massachusetts, passed March
6, 1788, revised in 1798 and in 1802, it is enacted:
"That no person b<;m? an Afiic.m, or negro. other than
a subject of the Emperor of Morocco, or a citizen of the
United States, to be evidenced by a certitieate, &c.. shall
tany within this Commonwealth for a longer time than two
months; if he does, the justices have power to order such
persons to depart, &c. And if such person shall not de-
part within ten days, &c., such person ->hall be committed
to the prison, or house of correction. And tor this otfense,
&c., he shall be whipped. &c., and ordered again to depart
in ten da>s ; and if he does not, the same process and pun •
ishment to he inflicted, and so toties quotiev."
This looks like a very strong demonstration of
the opinion of Massachusetts as to the inferiority
of the African race, and their consequent non-cit-
izenship, and her power and her determination to
keep them from her soil.
The constitution with which Indiana come into
the Union recognizes the inferior status of the free
negro.
Shortly after Indiana became a State, she passed
the following law: j;
No free negro, mulatto, or Indian, shall be a witness,
exeept in pleas of the State asainst negroes, mulattocs, or
Indian^, or in civil cases where negroes, mulattoes, or In-
dians alone shall be paities."
They say, m the same law, that
" Every person, other than a negro,of whose grandfathers
or giandmotheis any one is, or shall have been, a negro,
although all Ins other pingenitoi*, except that descending
from a negro, >ha!l have been white persons, shall be deemed
a mulatto"; and so every person who shall'have one foimh
part or moir ofnegro blood, shall, in like manner, be deemed
a mulatto."
This looks very much as if the people of Indi-
ana did not think the African race as worthy of
equality with themselves.
In Connecticut we find similar legislation, rec-
ognizing the inferiority of the African race, and
their want of the status of citizenship. By an act
of 1784, it is provided, that if any free negro
shall travel without a pass, and shall be stopped,
seized, or taken up, he shall pay all charges aris-
ing thereby. Again: in 1833 Connecticut passed
another law, which made it penal to set up any
school in the State for the instruction of persons
of the African race not inhabitants of the State,
or to instruct or teach in any such school, or
board any such peison forsuch purpose, without
the previous consent of the civil authorities.
The constitutionality of this law was attacked
in the courts of Connecticut, m the case of Pru-
dence Crandali, on the ground that the persons in-
structed, though of the Africa1"! race, were never-
theless citizens of the United States.and therefore
entitled to all the rights and privileges of citizens.
Chief Justice Clagget overruled this defense, on
the ground that free negroes were not citizens of
a State within the meaning of,thc Constitution
of the United States. The constitution of Con-
necticut of 1818, it should also be observed, pro-
vided " that every whitp. male citizen shall be
an elector." So much for Connecticut.
By the New Hampshire code, passed in 1815,
no person was permitted to be enrolled in the mil-
itia but free white citizens; and the same provision
is reenacted in 1855. The negro is not thought
worthy to stop a bullet in battle. The defense of
the country is left to the citizens; the free negro is
not considered in that class.
In Rhode Island, by act of 1822, renewed in
1844, marriage is prohibited between whites and
mulattoes. By another act it is provided that, if
a free negro keep a disorderly house, or entertain
persons at unseasonable hours, his house may be
broken open, and he bound out to service for two
years; that is, made a slave of for two years.
Again, it is provided that no white person or mu-
latto keeping house, shall entertain any mulatto
or slave. Again, any Indian, mulatto, or negro
servant or slave, absent at night after nine o'clock
to be lodged in jail until morning, then taken
before a magistrate, who may cause them to be
whipped. This is very inconsistent with the idea
of full citizenship.
Vermont, by law of 1797, enacted that " every
free, able-bodied, white male citizen, above the
age of twenty-one shall be enrolled in the militia."
This looks very much like counting the free ne-
groes out of the class of citizens.
In New York, Ohio, and Illinois, legislation
may likewise be found establishing the inferior
status of the free negro.
The distinction between the Afiican race and
the white race has been frequently recognized by
the legislative departments of the Federal Govern-
ment from the earliest periods, of our history, as
by restricting the right of naturalizing aliens to
the white race, by enrolling only white citizens in
the militia. A very pointed act upon the subject
was passed by Congress in 1813, as follows:
That ft om and after the termination of the war in which
the United State* arc now engaged with Great Britain, it
shall not be lawful to employ on board of any public or pri-
vate vessels of the Untied States, any person or persons ex-
cept citizens ot the United States, or persons of color, na-
tives of the United States."
Congress by this act expressly negativing the
idea that persons of color were citizens.
Mr. Wirt, as Attorney General, in 1821, also
gave an opinion denying the citizenship of free
negroes.
This question of thcs/afwsof the free negro came
before the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case;
and it was decided that free negroes were not cit-
izens of the United States.
The next subject of agitation by this northern
sectional party was the right of petition; this was
made the pretext for a wide spread agitation.
The next question was the admission of Texas.
This great measure of general good was violently
opposed by the same northern sectional party. I
shall not enlarge upon the advantages to the whole
country, North as well as South, by this acquisi-
tion.
The next agitation was produced by the efforts
of this persistent northern sectional party to
apply the Wilmot proviso to the territory ac-
quired from Mexico. The discussions upon this
subject, and their repugnance to enforcing the
provisions of the Constitution in reference to fu-
gitive slaves, and their desire to interfere with
; slavery in the District of Columbia, are so recent
j that it is not necessary to do more than to allude
I to them.
I The agitation temporarily allayed by the legis-
; lation of 1850, was revived with increased intcn-
! sity by the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
; bill, repealing the Missouri restriction. And we
1 aie now in the closing chapter of this agitation.
From the summary I have taken of the various
phases of the northern sectional agitation, several
, reflections will readily suggest themselves.
1 1. That in the various forms this agitation has
1 taken, the South has uniformly contended for
nothing more than justice, equality, and consti-
tutional right, and that her policy in regard to the
great questions involved has been wise, and in
every sense unexceptionable.
2. That northern sectional agitation is unjust,
