274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
-which they passed is covered with the rounded
earthy monuments that mark the path of death
and desolation at almost every step of this favorite
way. Such is the character of the Panama route;
and take any of these-proposed lines, and you
will find the same obstruction and the same for-
bidding aspect to deter the world from preferring
the isthmus when other more congenial countries
have lines constructed through. 1 say, further,
that the length of line which you attempt to hold
power over is a serious objection to adopting this
country as a dominion for us to maintain or pro-
tect. l submit, therefore, that it is an error to
suppose that Central America is the key of this
country, and if it were you have not the power
to hold, maintain, and protect it. A thousand
miles on either side gives two thousand miles of
sea-coast to protect. The President suggests,in
his recent message to the Senate:
" We desire, as the lending Power on this continent, to
open, and. if need be, to protect every transit route acioss
the isthmus, not only for our own benefit, but that of the
world, and thus open a fiee access to Central America, and
through Jt to our Pacific possessions."
Then he is for opening every route through the
isthmus, and then he also proposes " if need be
to protect" them. Do you not see that you are
undertaking too much? What are you attempt-
ing to do? How many routes do you suppose
are proposed to be made as transit routes through
that isthmus? Commence at Tehuantcpec and
go down through Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa
Rica, and Guatemala, and through all distant ter-
ritories of that thousand miles of isthmus coun-
try, and you will find ten or fifteen routes pro-
posed to oe made great highways. Each one of
these routes would require a Navy to protect it.
How do you protect the Panama route? You
have a treaty,which calls upon the President, as
you perceive in ins annual message, which re-
quires him to keep a squadron of our Navy at each
end of that route, " to guaranty the neutrality of
the isthmus of Panama, through which the Pan-
ama railroad passes, as well as the rights of sov-
ereignty and property which New Granada has
possession over the said territory." You recol-
lect the events which have already occurred. You
have attempted by treaty and by the presence of
your Navy, to take possession and hold this line,
and it is now costing you millions every year to
sustain that power. If you goon and undertake
to possess yourself of these ten or fifteen pro-
posed routes through the isthmus, what kind of
an army and navy will you require?
At one time, Commodore Mervin had upon the
Pacific shore seven hundred sailors and marines,
and at the same time he had three vessels armed
with ninety or one hundred guns. Three or four
vessels have thus been standing sentry there to
guard the shores of a foreign country. And upon
this side Commodore Paulding has been required
to keep under command a similar force, and that,
too, while the country is at peace with all the
world. What, then, would be the force required
to defend " all the routes" which the President
wishes to " open," and, " if need be, to protect?"
Not four regiments, or seven vessels; but ten
times this force will not guard all the entrances
for all these lines. You are undertaking more than
This nation can or will perform. Instead of going
directly west to find your way to India, or to
San Francisco, you start, according to our present
isthmus route of tiavel, directly south, and you
go by the ocean instead of by land. If the rail-
road connection is carried through our continent,
you can go to California in live or six days. It
will be in a straight line, while you now take a
circuitous route—two long sides of a triangle, in-
stead of the short line across the continent. And,
should this Government embroil itself in a thou-
sand difficulties and controversies for the purpose
of holding this part of the continent, which in
reality cannot be possessed and cannot be held?
What, then, have we gained? Not the short or
natural or safe route for commerce; but an ever-
lasting tax on the people of this country to u pro-
tect and control." I say it cannot be held, because
the country is too long, too remote, and too sickly; :
and it is too convenient for other nations to send I
in their navies, and too poor and mountainous to
sustain a sufficient standing army.
There never can be a key to this great conti-
nent. There are too many open doors. There
are too many passes through our own interior;
there are too many through Mexico; too many
through Central America; and too many through
South America, for any one Power to control the
destinies of this great continent, or the free pas-
sage from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores.
The argument which I wish to deduce from
these enunciations is, that it is wrong in principle,
as well as inexpedient and ruinous, for the Gov-
ernment of this country to set up a fillibustering
operation to secure the dominion of that country—
for such, I aver, has been the policy of this Gov-
ernment for years past. It is no use to blink the
action of the late Administration. Time after time
have enunciations gone forth to our officers simi-
lar to those which went forth from General Cass,
calling upon the police of the high-seas to check
the adventurers which are going thereon. Yet
many expeditions have been got up, in broad day,
many times have they announced the calling of
the roll and the embarkation of troops from our
shores, and they have been permitted to go on
without let or hindrance, although our Govern-
ment could not have been ignorant of their re-
peated departures.
But, if we had been in doubt as to the indiffer-
ence or acquiescence of the officers of our Govern-
ment, the proof has been disclosed in a correspond-
ence between General Wool and the Secretary of
War. It appears that when that officer, then in
command upon the Pacific coast, expressed a de-
termination to check such an expedition, he was
informed, by the Secretary of War, that such an
act on his part was deemed unnecessary, and that
he had better attend to matters more pertinent to
military affairs, and leave the civil authorities to
control the fillibustering operations of the coun-
try. If we add to this act of the Secretary of
War the fact that expedition after expedition has
escaped the official vigilance, it is clear that it has
been the policy of the Government, for years past,
to blink or connive at the fillibustering operations
that have been going on in the country; and I
therefore charge this, our present difficulty, as
the legitimate result of the policy of a former Ad-
ministration , which seems to conflict, in some
respects, with the conduct of the present. It has
been supposed by a former Administration, and
by a new party, which now appears in this coun-
try, that the operations of private enterprise in the
way of fillibustering, and a general system byway
of national treaty, national mail contracts, and
other national expenditures by the public author-
ities of the country, all tending to the same end—
the acquisition of southern dominion-—mighthar-
monize and operate successfully together. But
now, as you perceive by the President's late
message, and also by the argument of gentlemen
upon this floor, it is found that the two kinds of
fillibustering conflict; that the attempt to get do-
minion by the Government in its action, and the
attempt upon the part of Walker, are either in-
consistent, or some one has made a mistake in
playing the game. However this may be, the
plain, blunt manners of Commodore Paulding
have brought upon the Administration the neces-
sity of silencing, for the present, the cooperation
or interruption of the fillibuster Walker.
Is not this the argument you find m the Pres-
ident's late message, and in liis annual message
for this year? Does not he, over and over again,
reiterate the idea that it is nccessary for this Gov-
ernment to occupy, to protect, and to maintain
by power the various transit routes of that Central
American country? And when he says he will
take all those routes, comprising the long distance
of one thousand miles; and when he speaks of fur-
ther treaties which are being made between us
and the Central American States, am I not right
in presuming this Administration is engaged also
in a different but efficient way to carry on a na-
tional instead of a private species of acquisition,
which may properly be defined as national filli-
bustering? I ask you what remains to the do-
minion of those Central American States ? If we
can go on and take that protection and guarantee
of neutrality upon ourselves, I ask you how much
power remains to the feeble States of Central
America, when we have control of their lines of
travel, and the requisite force which the President
thinks should be at his command to sustain their
"perfect neutrality?" We then become really the
power of Central America; control of their transit
lines includes all their lines of industry; for it is
upon these lines that all the wealth and settlements
in that country will inevitably congregate. I de-
precate the policy of this Government going a
thousand miles away from its own soil for the pur-
pose ofenga^ingin this kind of entanglement with
other countries. It is against the wise counsels pro-
mulgated in the Farewell Address of Washing-
ton , against the principles taught by Jefferson, and
all the patriots of this country, who have spoken
of the policy to be observed towards other nations
with whom we have intercourse. Let us there-
fore leave these Central American States to build
their own railroads, open their own ways, take
care of their own neutrality; and let us abstain
from both national and private fillibustering, and
turn our attention to the development of our own
vast interior, where our enterprise and energies
will find ample field, and where the* capital ex-
pended will remain among our own people. Such
a policy will give employment to our people, ac-
tivity to our industrial pursuits, and tend to pre-
serve the continuance of peace and prosperity
among the independent States of this continent.
But, Mr. Chairman, I wish to return to the
position of Walker and the conduct of Commodore
Paulding, for the purpose of presenting my views
j on their relative merits, since they seem to be
: foiccd into comparison or conflict by members of
this House. I am not disposed to denounce
Walker while he stands, or should stand, as a
criminal at the bar of our courts. Neither do the
high-sounding titles with which he is disposed to
encircle his preposterous pretensions add any-
thing to his consideration. Such titles have always
been assumed by those who have determined to
usurp the power which the titles imply. It was
done by the patriots who marched to Canada.
They were all generals-in-chief. That was done
by McGreggor when he made a descent upon the
Florida coast. And such has been the course of
Walker in all his expeditions. When he went to
Sonora he assumed the title of commander-in-chief,
and assumed the functions of supreme power. All
this is only proof of a particular purpose rather
than any right entailed by such a claim.
The question has been raised here, what are the
rights of Walker in reference to his position in
Central America3 What right had he there ? If
in former expeditions he had acquired rights of
property, they had been wrested from him, and
he therefore had no rights, I contend, but those
which proceed from mere assumption. His rights
there were afiction of law, too transparent to stand
before this or any other audience; too faint and
flimsy for officers of the Navy or of the Army to
be deceived by. They could not conceive that he
had any; and the accredited authorities of Nicara-
gua would hardly accord to him on their soil a
fraction of domain equal to six feet by three.
What is the attitude of the Government of Nic-
aragua? That Government had implored you to
restrain your citizens fiom lawless acts against
| her territory; and that, too, in view of the expedi-
I tion of Walker himself, which he was then getting
j up against this unoffending State. Having thus
a representation of the Government de facto, we
are estopped from excusing the acts of Walker on
the ground of any rights of sovereignty. If he
ever did have rights to domain, they were given
for purposes of colonization, like those acquired
by Austin in Texas. But any one acquainted with
Spanish customs knows that all such grants are
dependent on the peaceable settlement and culti-
vation of the soil, all of which Walker forfeited
by his assumptions of power and subsequent re-
pulse by force of war. He must therefore pro-
ceed upon fictions; and we are informed that as
soon as he landed, he assumed that everything
necessary to his convenience belonged to the Gov-
ernment of Nicaragua, and that he was the Gov-
ernment. It is said of some of the blue laws of
Connecticut, that the council voted that "the earth
and the fullness thereof belong to the saints;"
and secondly, " resolved, that we are the saints."
Tins, it is said, eased the consciences of those
who were in great need of Indian lands; I sug-
gest a resort of this kind to my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Tiiayer,] who informs us that
" the Puritan descendants are m a tight place."
i do not deny that Walker went there boldly
and bravely, and usurped a position which he
held for a short time. But that position was lost
by the efforts of the citizens of Central Amer-
ica, and he has no longer any right there, for he
lost what he Had by the fortune of war. How,
