1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
then, is it that it can be maintained, or held here
that he had rights, or that he is entitled to a higher
position than that of the officer, who, on being
called upon by his Government, arrested and
brought him back to these shores, to be punished
/or offenses against our laws? But I have said
more than I intended on the subject of Walker.
I desire to say one word in regara to Commodore
Paulding. It is not necessary for me to vindicate
the Navy of this country. It is the province of
other members of this House to do so. The Navy
has vindicated its own character in many glorious
achievements, and it is hardly necessary for any
one to shield them from some reflections which
have fallen againstthem. This Commodore Pauld-
ing has borne our flag for forty-five years glori-
ously on every sea. He comes before the world
with honor unimpeached and unimpeachable.
And yet, without a hearing, and without a trial,
an attempt is made in this House to strip the
epaulets from his shoulders, denounce, disgrace,
and dismiss him from the service. These are ter-
rible charges to bring against one who has long
borne your standard, and now stands sentinel
over your honor on a far-off sultry, sickly shore.
What has this officer done to bring down such
threats upon him ? If gentlemen will examine the
orders under which he acted, and consider the
position which he occupied, they will find abun-
dant cause to justify the act of a true and honest
sailor.
It has been argued by gentlemen on this floor
that the power of this Government docs not extend
beyond a marine league from our shores. Admit
that. As there are some doubts on that subject,
how did Commodore Paulding construe that law? j
It is admitted by all that the neutrality laws may '
be regarded as, in some respects, ambiguous. It
was the province uf this officer to obey orders,
and not to cavil about the proper construction of
laws. In matters of doubt, his orders should di-
rect his coursc.
What were his orders ? In the first place, they
were transmitted to him beyond the reach of the
marine league. Why were they sent beyond the
league if they were not in operation there? If
it be true that the whole power of the Govern-
ment should have been confined to the marine
league, why were these orders sent to him while
he was stationed on the shores of Central Amer-
ica, a thousand miles beyond the marine league?
The fact of their being sent to him there, shows
conclusively that the Government had already
construed the law to apply beyond the marine
league. What, then, becomes of the aigumont
as to Paulding's exercise of power beyond the
marine league? He had the order, then, to apply i
them; how could he refrain ? Instead, therefore,
of this argument being applied to Commodore
Paulding, let it be applied to the President; for to
him, or to his Secretary, belongs the fault, if any
exists, for having caused the exercisc of that law
beyond a marine league. Apply your censures
Nto the principal, not to the agent. Stand by the
dictum of law—facit per alium, facit per se.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question is not
whether Commodore Paulding had a right to act
as he did on the high seas, but whether he had a
right to do so on the territory of another nation.
Mr. CURTIS. I will speak to that point now.
I am glad that the gentleman reminded me of it.
I have 'cut you off from the position as to the
marine league, eo far as Paulding is concerned,
and have thrown the responsibility upon the Ad-
ministration of the country, because the orders
were sent to Commodore Paulding beyond the
marine league. The argument that came from the
member from Georgia, [Mr, Stephens,] that he
should not have acted beyond the maune league,
should now be taken back, at least his censures
of Commodore Paulding. But the question pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith,] now is, should he have acted within the
marine league of Nicaragua? I fully concur in the
principle that the dominion of Nicaragua and of
all other nations extends to the headlands and
bays and to a marine league from their shores.
But, under treaty stipulations, our vessels are per-
mitted to moor in the harbors of Central America.
Why are our vessels there? Why do they hang
around the shores and within a marine league of
Central America? For the purpose of protecting
those avenues of trade, to interpose for the pro-
tection of our citizens in the transit over the isth-
mus. For what else are they kept there ? They
are there by the consent of Nicaragua and at the
suggestion of her minister here, for the purpose
of protecting the rights of our citizens and main-
taining the peace of the country.
I go still further. I hold that Commodore Pauld-
ing acted in obedience to his instructions, within
the dominion of Nicaragua; and I appeal to the
orders under which he acted, and to the position
which he occupied. He had first received the
orders of General Cass, which amount to nothing
more than this: " Be on the alert. Look out for
military expeditions. See that the neutrality laws
are not violated." Lieutenant Almy, however,
was not satisfied with this kind of order, and,
being here m the city of Washington when he
received them, he applied to the Secretary of the
Navy for more explicit instructions. He said, in
substance, to the Secretary of the Navy, that the
orders of the Secretary of State seemed to apply
only to the high seas, and asked what he was to
do in port. Look at the response which he re-
ceived from the Secretary of the Navy!
I do not agree with the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Moore,] who spoke yesterday, who
said the orders of the Secretary of the Navy did
not authorize Commodore Paulding to take the
steps taken by him. I agree with him that the
answer of the Secretary of the Navy was ambig-
uous. It was such as left it an open question to
approve or disapprove the conduct of that officer,
whatever he might do. I am sorry there was not
the courage and boldness displayed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy to take the responsibility of his
own act. Yet, sir, if you will read the order and
take into consideration the contiguity of the ques-
tion and answer, I think you will see that the man
exercising power under it had the right to strike
or not to strike, at his own discretion, or as he
might understand this order. He inquired of the
Secretary of the Navy what he should do. The
answer was, " you have the power, use it." Now,
sir, I maintain that an officer of the Army or the
Navy, when he receives instructions, unless they
are clearly and unquestionably in contradiction
to law or reason, cannot go beyond them. Sir,
Lieutenant Almy left Washington and went to
Mobile. He told the people there that this Ad •
ministration was determined to execute the law,
and to stop these expeditions, and upon that in-
formation the United States officers there took
active measures to prevent the departure of the
expedition.
But, sir, was Commodore Paulding himself to
act under the orders given to Lieutenant Almy ?
Most certainly he was, because Lieutenant Almy
was required to report to Commodore Paulding,
and the orders given to him by the Secretary of
the Navy must then govern the conduct of Com-
modore Paulding. Now, if any man will read
those orders, I do not think he can come to any
other conclusion than that, under them, it was his
duty to exercise a reasonable discretion; and, if oc-
casion required, act within the port of Nicaragua.
I have read the orders carefully, and I think that,
for myself, if I had received the orders under
which Commodore Paulding was acting, I could
not have done otherwise than to have followed
the course which he pursued, relying, as the com-
modore does, on the Secretary of War to bear me
out, as it seemed to be his order to act.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire, with the
consent of the gentleman from Iowa, that he should
answer this interrogatory. I wish to ask him
whether there is anythingm the instructions given
to Commodore Paulding which justified him in
capturing Walker on the shores of Nicaragua?
I am willing to concede that the President did give
him orders under which he was justified in going
outside the marine league to capture Walker.
That is the act of the President, and upon him
will rest the responsibility. But I think that, for
Commodore Paulding to go within the jurisdic-
tion of Nicaragua for that purpose, was an act of
war, and that Commodore Paulding is responsi-
ble for that act of war.
Mr. CURTIS. The answer of the Secretary
of the Navy to the inquiries of Lieutenant Almy,
in my opinion, did give that authority to his dis-
cretion, because, what was the order? It was not
to take the vessel, but it was to stop the expedi-
tion. I think any man who will read the order
carefully will come to the conclusion that the act
of Commodore Paulding in capturing Walker was
only the exercise of a reasonable discretion in the
execution of his orders. His orders were to act,
and wfcen the emergency came he was not £b stop
to cavil about nice distinctions. His orders were
to strike. He did strike, and I demf^d that jus-
tice shall be done him. If he exceeded his orders,
the responsibility rests upon the President of the
United States for not defining his duties more dis-
tinctly.
Yes, sir, Commodore Paulding stands before
this House charged with a grave offense—in the
language of the President, a "grave error." I
ask gentlemen to look at the surrounding circum-
stances, and see whether he was guilty of ^any
error. We have seen that Commander Ch&tard
has been removed, and that the order had gone
out for his removal when Walker was taken by
Commodore Paulding. It will be remembered
that he was removed for not detaining Walker
when within the marine league of Nicaragua.
The United States officers at Mobile have also
been censured by the President. Three of the
naval officers of the United States under the-com-
mand of Commodore Paulding had been insulted^
and when in full uniform were prevented from
passing the lines of Walker's sentinels, and they
demanded justice for their offended honor, which
had been thus assailed. It is true that Walker
says they were not in uniform, but they havtf
certified that they were fully under arms—thus
meaningthedistinction which permits them to pass
the lines of sentinels of all the countries, except
those with which we are at war. This was a
special indignity, which must have been pressed
upon the commodore, as it seemed to defy the
power of self-protection against indignities shown
our Navy.
But, sir, there was further inducement for im-
mediate action. There was tne voice of woe and
lamentation, which came up from the inhabitants
of the country; the men, women, and children,
saw their friends slain, their houses burned, aiad
their villages left desolate. Murder and arson and
robbery, he reports, had been committed, and the
country was left to havoc and desolation. There
was the cry for justice upon the part of the offi-
cers, and there was the cry for mercy from the
people on shore. I say that under these circum-
stances, with the instincts of a man, the heart
of a sailor, and the defender of our honor, Com*
modore Paulding could not have done less than
what he did. He is a stranger to me; but it is
enough for me to know he is one of our standard-
bearers to induce me to render him this tribute of
justice.
But, sir, Commodore Paulding needs no de-
fense. If he were here himself he would vindicate'
his own character. I am merely calling the atten-
tion of this House to the circumstances under
which lie acted. He has been treated roughly
and harshly for conduct which should have called
for praise,not condemnation; honor,not disgrace;
from the representatives of his country.
" Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to argue that
it is not the policy of this country to intermeddle
in the affairs of foreign nations. The less we
have to do with their responsibilities the better.
I congratulate the people of this country on the
general tone of the President's late message, ©a
the subject of filibustering, except so much of it
as implies a willingness that the Government itself
may proceed by some such means to acquire do-
minion and power.
I am willing to see our nation grow internally
and externally, but I desire to make acquisitions
only by fair and honorable means. I wish to see
surrounding States attracted by our wisdom $rj.d.
virtue, and not forced in by stratagems or fraud.
I desire, for this purpose, that our deportment
towards contiguous countries should be especially
conciliatory and generous. I have no doubt of
our ultimate extension to the limits of this conti-
nent, but I leave that to the destiny of nations
and the natural affinities thatdrawJess to greater
bodies. I wish to see the rights of the feeblest
nation respected and maintained, and I subscribe
most heartily to the sentiment quoted by the
President, as a rule of national as well as Divine
law, that " whatsoever ye would that men should
do to you, do ye even so unto them."
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman,in arising forthe
first time in all my life to address any legislative
assembly whatever, I confess that 1 do so with
all that diffidence and embarrassment that might
