THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 27,1858.
New Series....No. 150.
is an clement of price, but only an element of
price, and there are so many other elements that
it may be entirely lost. If it were true, the mer-
chant would be very willing to have you put any
duties you pleased on him. Why do foreign coun-
tries desire you to throw open your ports for free
trade? Are all the world fools but you? England,
by her tracts, by her speeches, by her writings,
asks you to throw open your ports. Is it on ac-
count of the tenderness of England for our fieo-
ple ? Do they want the men of Vermont or the
men of Georgia to get their fabrics cheaper? They
know, for they understand these principles well,
that when the duty is levied on imports, it is al-
ways levied on them, if they are the importers,
and it may forever stand there. It is the same
with the houses. If you levy a tax on houses in
New York, it is possible that that tax is an cle-
ment of price, and the tenant may pay it, or he
may never pay a dime of it. The cost of building
a house is an element of the price of the rent; but
who does not know that in half the places in the
United States, though the brick and mortar and
labor are the true and natural elements of puce,
yon can never get the interest on them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator to pause. The hour has arrived
for the special order, which is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday—the loan bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not.
Mr. SEWAR,D. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
Mr. HUNTER,. I thought it was understood
that we should take up the loan bill at one o'clock.
1 made no opposition to taking up the other bill
in the morning hour.
Mr. SEWARD. I stated to the honorable Sen-
ator—perhaps he did not understand me—that he
would have an opportunity to make a motion to
take up the loan bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia if the amendment I offered 1
yesteiday is punted? j
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the vote. i
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the honorable i
Senator from New York, for his consideration, J
whether it would not be better.to let us dispose j
of the loan bill to-day? j
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. I am admonished j
that the honorable Senator from Rhode island has 1
the floor to-day on that bill. _ |
Mr. SIMMONS. If the amendment is here j
which was ordered to be printed last night, we j
may go on now; but if it is not here, we had bet- ;
ter let it go over. # j
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is here; it j
has been returned from the printing office in order j
that we might go on with the bill. _ j
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my motion. !
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN. L I
The Senate resumed the consideration of the !
hill (S. No. 396) to authorize a loan not exceed- j
ing the sum of $15,000,000. !
Mr. HUNTER. Before the Senator from 1
Rhode Island takes the floor, 1 ask peimissinn,
for a moment or two, to correct an error into j
which I fell yesterday. In stating the means for
this year, I stated the probable receipts from pub- •
lie lauds at §7,000,000. 1 find that I have mis- j
taken the estimate of the Department in that ,
regard, it being less by over two million dollars, j
I find, however, that I made an underestimate ;
of the receipts from customs and miscellaneous .
sources, so that, although the whole estimate was j
somewhat in excess, it is probable, not much in j
excess of what was received last year. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I do notiind this amendment ■
printed, which th'e Senator sa'd was printed. j
Mr.HUNTELl. Theamendmentisnotprmled; j
but if we have todi-Uiy our business for the print- |
eis, we shall ceitamfy not adjourn by the time '
fixed, oud shall never get through; but the amend- |
ment is here. 1 sent to the printers to return it, j
in order thatwe might go on with the bill to-day. i
150
I do not think that it will do to delay the public
business for the printers.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec.—. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the provisions
of the sixteenth and seventeenth sections of the act of 30th
August, 1840, the eighth section of the act of 30th July, 1846,
nnd the first section of the act of 3d of March, 1851, so far
as the same relate to and direct the manner of'ascei taming
and deteunimng the value of merchandise imported into
the United States,at the pimcipal lnaikotsofihe countiies
from which the same aie imported, shall remain and con-
tinue m foice, and m all ca^e*., when the same is piaetiea-
ble, the invoices ofall good*, ware*, and merchandise at the
place or port of expoitation shall be verified by the certifi-
cate of the consul of the United States at such poit; and in
no ease chilli the duties upon good.? be levied in any poit
of the United States upon an amount le&s than the value
stated in Mich invoice*, as teipitied m the pioviao to the
eighth hecuoii oi said act of30th July, 18-lfi.unlessthequan-
tit\ of the suticle«  ifiipoi ted shall be lessened,or the quality
tnjuicd upon the voyage of nnpoitation. ;j
S>rcc. —. Jlnd be it fail her ena-ted, That, in order to ij
prevent the contmuancc of fiaud upon the revenue l>y the j>
undei valuations of foreign imporK and to piovide for the
valuation ot imports in the same cunenej in which duties jj
are paid, to wit: the legal currency of tne United States, it i1
i-hereby piovided that, m addition to the exiting piovi-- ,j
ions of law for the entry and appiaisement, or valuation of ■ j
any goods, waie-, or meiehandise imported into the United j:
State-., it shall he the duty of the ownei, Importer, eon- j;
signee, oi agent of any goods, waiPS or Merchandise nn- 11
ported into auv pott of the United State*, to exhibit to the ;
collector ot othei proper oflicei ot theeu-tmnsot such poit, 5:
si true invoice of the good*, wuios, and nieich.ui di^e eutet ed ['
by such per-on 01 pewms at *ueh poit, embiaennr a state- ji
ment of the quantity, deseupiion, nature, qualm . and the 1
true \\ hohjsiilu nun ket pi i<-e 01 \alue of the s.iuv oi nmlar 11
articles tn the principal nnuketot the United St ate«., to wit: j;
the city of New Y01 k, at the time of such entiv 01 unpoi- !'
tation, 01 at the time neaie^ttheiero wlnelu* practicable, ji
and t-ucli invoice shall he venfied and p'ovtd by the oath j1
ot the said owner, impoiter, eoiMsncc, 01 agent, who, on 1
conviction of lalso sweating thei eon, irhal) be subject to the ^
forfeiture and penalties piovid< d In theln\v> ofthoUni-
ted States m like c;i-e-, and puweuted as for willful and J
coriupt perjuiy ; and, upon sueh wholesale market pneeor ;
value, to include the loienrn eo^t, all charge*, duties and I,
profits, or so much theicof a* may entei mto and b"Come a ,
part ot such wholesale niaiket pi ice ot vilue. the rate* of 1
duty imposed by the e\t-tmg law s ot the United State*, at I
the time of usury of such jinpoiutiou, upoti each aitiele j
onuineiated ui Mich luvoice, shall be a^ew.'d and paid: !
Provided, That it any collector or othei ptoper oflicet ot the j
customs shall have doubt* a* to the eoneet ivns of tne val- ■
nation as above described, 01 should coinplamtor tnfoima- j
tion he made 01 given by any person or pei^oii-^ of the iticoi- j
lectness ot any such valuation, it --hall be the duty of the j
collector or othei pioper officer of the cu?toms tocau-ethe ■
ti ue and actual wholesale market pi ice 01 value of the same !
or snmlai articles in the citv of New iToik, at the tune ot j
entiyatthe poitot entiv, to be a^cei tamed and appraised m 1
the same mode and manner as the wholesale rnaiket price j
01 value 1* now ascci tamed and apptaiscd in the principal ,
maiketsof the countries fiom which the same i?impoited; ,
and it shall in even. ca*e be the duty of the ;ippiaisers oi :
the United States, and every of them, and eveiy person who
shall act a* such appraiser, oi ot the colleotoi and naval ,
othcer, as the ca*e may be, by all leasonable wajs and .
mean* in his or their pov. ei, to ,i>cei taiu, Cr-mnate, and ap- ;
praise the mie actual market value; or wholesale puce of ,
such goods, w.nes, and ineichandise, m the city of New j
Yoik, at the time of cutiy of ^ucli good*, ware-?, and mei- |
chandisc, at the poi t of nnpoitation, withorn regard to any 1
othei invoice, valuation, orappiaicenicm, or verification of
the same by oath 01 othei wi-e. or the difference ot an\ Mich
invoice 01 valuation to the contrary not witls-tanding. And
it such la-t iij<"Mtionedappiajsal 01 valuation ^hnil exceed by ,
ten pei centum 01 moie the value so declared oa the eutrv,
llien, m addition to the duties imposed bv law on the -atne,
llietc-hall be levied, collected, and paid a dim <>t twentv
pei centum valorem on stieh appraised value.a* piovided
m the eighth section of the act of the &Ku July, ISi'o. enti- ,
tied -An aet leduemg the duties on impure and ioi othei
purpO'Ci-i." And the seveial collectoi.-. 01 other propei oin-
eer , under such iesrulatioiis as ma.\ be prc-ertbed by the
Beeietaiy of the Treasuty, whenever they shall deem it
nece--*aiy to secure the piopn pavmentof the revenue due
to the ("mted State* upon the nnpoitation of any goods,
waies, or merchandise, may, and they horebv aie icquiied.
whenever the same is practicable, to take the amount ot ,
duties ehaigcable on anj' article beaung an ad valorem rate |
of duty on the article it=e!f, accouhns to the piopouionor |
late percentum of the duty on said articles; aml>uchgoods, ■
so taken, the collector01 other pioper otficei shall cau?e to .
be sold, at public auction, wtthin twenty tiny 1 nun tiie tune
of taking the same, in the manner prescrilVd by law, and
! place the proceeds auMny Iroin such s.ile m thf Treasuty of
| the United State. And the said collector or other proper
; otficei of the custom* is luither authorized and tequned.
j when he shall deem it neeessaty to seeuie the proper pay-
• ment of the dutie* accruing to tiie Gov crniiiPiit of the U.u-
i ted States, to ptoeeed in tne mannd prescribed m the eejh-
! teenth section of the said act, appioved lite iit>th da\ of
! August, 1843. even thougu no fiaud or mteniional undei-
1 valuation shall be imputed ; and, as compensation to the
: collector and appraisers tor their services in such proceed-
I ing, thev shall be entitled to a commission of one per centum,
to be shared by them, upon the amount of duties thus se-
cured and paid, m addition to such other compensation as
they are, by law, entitled to
Sec. —. And be U further enacted, That should any per-
son or persons complain or give information to the collector
or other proper officer of the customs that any false or under
valuation of any goods, wares, or merchandise has been
made by any owner, importer, consignee,or agent, as afore-
said, under the preceding section of this act, or of any ex-
isting law of the United States, with a view to defraud the
Government of the duty legally due upon the same, the
proper officer shall proceed to ascertain and apptaise the
true market value, as provided for in the preceding section
and accoidtng to law; and if any forfeiture or penalty «-hall
he incurred by any such owner, importer, consignee, or
agent, one half the amount or value ot such foifeiture shall
acciue to the benefit ot the poison or persons complaining:
or giving information which may have led to the detection
of such fiaud oi under valuation.
See.—. JlndbeUfuithei cnaited, That all acts and parts
of nets inconsistent with the provisions of tins act, he, and
the same aie hereby, icpealed.
Mr. SIMMONS proceeded to address the Sen-
ate on 1ns amendment, and the debate -was con-
tinued by other Senators to a late hour, when,
without takinganyquestion, the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 25, 1858.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Piayer
bv Rev. Septimus Tustin.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEETING OF THE NEXT CONGRESS.
Mr. GROW asked the unanimous consent of
the House to oiler the following joint resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate coneimmg,) That when the Presi-
dent o! the Senate and the Speaker of the Hou.se adjouui
then (elective Houses foi tlmse^ion of Congress, il shall
be to meei again at twelve o'clock on Thuisday, the 4th (lay
ot Novembei nevt.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected,and called
for the regular order of business.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BILLS.
The SPEAKER,. The regular order of busi-
ness is the ordemig the main question upon ail
the bills reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union yesterday, upon
I which the previous question was ordered last
1 evening.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the main
question had better be ordered upon each bill
separately.
The SPEAKER. Thfc Chair thinks that the
main question must be ordered upon all the bills
together, inasmuch as the previous question was
ordered by unanimous consent upon all.
The main question was then ordered to be put
upon all the bills.
The following b'lN, relating to the District of
Columbia, reported yesterday from the Commit-
tee of the Whole oit the state of the Union, were
then taken up in their order, and disposed of as
indicated below:
A bill (H. R No. 540) to provide for lighting;
with gas certain streets across the A'lall, leported
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
the third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed
, Air. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote hy
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the tabic.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
; LAMP-POSTS IN GEORGETOWN.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 97) relating to the
! erection of lamp-posts m Georgetown, Dist.net of
Columbia, was ordered to be engrossed, and iead
a third time; and beinff engrossed, it was accoru-
ina!y read the third time.
M r. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
' previous question on the passage of the joint, irs-
1 olution. , .
. Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. GOODE. A piovisionfor the accompli^-
' ment of this woik has been put in one of the ap-
propriation bills; aiid I, thci etoi e j move to lay tn^
} joint resolution upon the table.
i The motion was ugreed to.
