2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2*5,
ROADS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
" A bill (H. R. No. 530) making an appropri-
ation for the repair of certain roads in the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRO W mo ved to lay the bill u pon the table.
Mr. PEYTON demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Grow was agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS IN WASHINGTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 248) regulating municipal
elections in the city of Washington, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a recommendation that the enacting
clause be stricken out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Biayton, Buffinton, BurhngamcJCa-.e, ft/.ra
Clark, dawson, Cockerill, Colfav, Comins, Covode, Cia-
gm, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, JJawes,
Dick, Dodd, Dinf'oe, I'^irnsworth, Fenton, Oilman, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Grow, Ilailari, Hill, Horion, Howard,
Jewett,George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kel.-ey, Kilgoie, Knapp,
John C. Kunke), Lawrence, Leiter, Lovrjoy, iiumphicy
Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Miller, Million, Morgan,
Morn II, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Parker, Pettit, Phillip*, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Purviance, Ricaud, liitchie, lloblnns, Roberts, Uojeo, John
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer,Thom)>son,Toinpkms,Tnppe, Underwood,Wade,
Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwabulrr C. Wa^hlmrn, !
Ellihu B. VVashburno, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and Zol- ,
licoffer—83. |
NAYS— Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins. Avery, |
Bniksdale, Blair, Boeock, Bowie, Bovoc, Bianeh, lUirnetl, '
Burns, Cavanaua;b, John Li. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
John Cochrane,Corning, Cinwlord,Cuny, Davidson, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean, Dowdell, Kdimind- j
eon, Elliott, English, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Gillis, '
Goode,Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawienee W. Hall, ]
Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, lloaid, Hopkins, i
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, J.Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, |
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lanmr, Landv, Lctcher, Maelay, j
McQueen,Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Mile*., Moore,Isaac i
N. Morris, Nibfack, Peyton, John S. Piielps, William W. !
Phelps, Powell,Uuitman, Itullin, Sandidgc, Savage, .Seab-s, i
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert ,
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallwmth, Ste- I
phen*, Stevenson, James A. ritewait, Talbot, George 'Pay- 1
lor, Ward, Watkins, White. Window, Woodson, Woiten- ;
dyke, and Augustus U. Wright—S)l.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the ;
table. |
During the call of the roll, I
Mr, WALBRIDGE stated that the health of
his colleague, Mr. Leach, continuing bad, he had
left the city, and had paired off for thin week with
Mr. Okaigk, of North Carolina, and for the rent
of the session with Mr. Greenwood, on all po-
litical questions.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, .stated that his
colleague, Mr. Craige, had been called homo by
important business, and had paiied off for this i
week with Mr. Lracii. |
Mr. MILLSON stated that he voted in the af- <
firmative because of the very harsh and unneces- 1
sarily severe penalties contained in the third and 1
fourth sections of the bill. i
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he voted in the ■
negative, protesting against the tax-paying qual- ,
ification. j
Mr. ARNOLD not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked unanimous consent
to vote.
Objection was made. j
Mr. RUSSELL made a similar request. I
Objection was made.
The question then recurred on striking out the
enacting clause; and, being taken, it was decided i
in the negative. i
So the enacting clause was not stricken out. 1
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed, and read a third time. !
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill by
striking from it that clause which requires the
payment of a school tax and tax on personal prop- ;
erty.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is op- j
eraungupon the bill, and the amendment can come
in only by unanimous consent- ^
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I supposed the
previous question only operated upon striking out
the enacting clause. The question was stated on
striking out the enacting clause, and 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in lines twelve and thirteen, the following
words:
—"and shall have paid,and the taxes on peisonal prop-
erty due from him."
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is another
amendment which met the very general approba-
tion of the committee yesterday, and I hope the
gentleman from Kentucky will also allow it to
come in. It is to add at the end of the section the
words, " not exercising or claiming to exercise
the right of suffrage elsewhere."
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I do not give way
to allow that amendment to be offered. 1 demand
the previous question on the engrossment of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 135, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale. Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie, Noyce, Burnett,
Burns, Bunough.s, Case, Cavanaugh, Clefhen*. (Job!), Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfav, Coming,
Covode, Cox, James Craig, Curry, Curtns, Davidson. Davis
of Indiana, Davis ot' Mississippi, Dodd, Dowdell, Elliott,
English, Eiwtis, Farnswoith, Faulkner, Fenton, Ploienee,
Foley, Fo«-ter, Gartrell, Gillie, Goodwin,Greenwood, Gregg,
(Jroesbeek, Grow, Lawienee W. llall, Harlan, Hawkins,
Hoard, Hopkins, II turbos. Jackson, Jenkins, Jeweu, Geotge
W. Jon< - , Kellogg, Kelly, Kolsev, Kilgore,'Jacob M. Kun-
kel, John C Kunkel, Lamai, Landv, Lawrence, Heiter,
Letehri, l,ovc)<>\, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S Mar-hull, Ma-on, Ma.vnaid, Allies, Miller, MilNon,
Mooie, Moigan, Kdwaid Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morn*', Fiee
man H. Motse, Mott, Mutiay, Nitilack, NielioK, Palmer,
Parker, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W Phelps, Pot-
ter, Pottle, Powell. Quitman, Iteilly, I'uifin, Russell, San-
didge, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, John Shciman,
Shoitor, Smgleiou, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Spio-
nei, Stallwoith, Stanton, SteveuMm, Jauu^ A. Stewait,
Talbot, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Undciwood,
Waldron, Waul, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburue, Irtrael Washburn, Wilson, Woods>on,WoriPn-
dyke, and John V. Wright—UJ3.
NAYSMcsms. Biayton, Butfinton, Burhngame, Cas-
kie, CliaiVee, Ema Olaik, John B. Clark, Clav, Comins,
Cragiu, Crawford, Davis of Ma-saclm-cus. Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Diufco, Hdmuttdson, Garnett, Gilman,
(iilmei, Goocli, Goode, j. Morn-ion llairi-, Tbimia-i ii.
llanis, Hill, Hoi ton, Howard, Owen Jones, Knapp, Mori ill,
Oliver A. Moi-c, Pike, Purviance, Kieaud, Ritchie, bob-
bins, Rolint-, lloyee, Anion Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Wil-
liam Smith, Stephens,William Stewait, Thompson,Wade,
Walbridge, Walton, White, Wood, and Augustus 11.
Wnght—fr>.
So the amendment was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Damreix, had paired off with Mr. Carutiiers.
The bill, as amended, was then ordeicd to be
engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. DEAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 94; as follows:
YFiAS—Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Bnrksdale, Bishop, Bian, Bocov k, Bowie, Boyce, Burnett,
Burns, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clav, (.Mem-
ens, Cobb. John Codnrine, Coekctiil,Coming, Coy, James
Craig, Crawford, Curiy, DavnHon, Davis ot'lndiana, Davis
of Mississippi, Devvait, Dunmick, Dowdell, Edinundson,
Klliott, English, Famsworth, Faulkner, Floience, Foley,
Camel!, Giilis, Goode, Gregg, Gioc^beck, Lawrence W.
Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Iloaul, Hopkins, liujlcr, Jackson,
Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Jjamar, inanely, Lawrence,
Letcher, Maelay, McQueen, Samuel S. Maishall, Mason,
Miles, Miller, Niblack, Peyton, Jonn S. Phelps, William
W. Phelps, Plulhps, Powell, Quitman, Reilly, lluflin, Rus-
sell, Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Seaung, Sewaid, Aaron
Shaw, HeruyM. Shaw, Shortei, Singleton, Robert Smith, f
Samuel A. Smith, Spmner, Stallworth, Stephens, Steven- '
son, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Ward, Watkms, Winslow, Augustus R. Wright, and
John V. Wright—103.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Bliss, Branch, Brayton, Butfinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaf-
fee, Ezia Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Coltax,
Comins. Covode, Crajin, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfcc, Eustis,
Fenton, Fostet, Garnett, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh,Goodwin,
Granger, Grow, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Iiorton,
Howard, Kellogg, Iielsey, Ivilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Leiter,Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynaid,
Millson, Moore, Morgan, Mori ill, Edward Joy Morris, Free-
man H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Munay. Nichols,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, William Smith, Stanton, William
Stewart, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn.Ellihu B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn,Wil-
son, Wood, Woodson, and Zollicoffer—94.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Olin.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
A bill (H. R. No. 274) to reimburse the cor-
poration of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, a sum of money advanced towards* the
construction of the Little Falls bridge, was next
taken up for consideration.
Mr. KELSEY moved to lay the bill on the
table, and demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. KELSEY called for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelsey,and
Wright of Georgia were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 62.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GOODE asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins
and Durfee were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the House
hear me give one word of explanation ?
Several Members objected.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty-five; noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
FIRF. DEPARTMENT OP WASHINGTON.
Senate bill (No. 227) authorizing the organiza-
tion of a fire department in the JDistiict of Co-
lumbia, reported back by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to—only twenty-
six having voted therefor.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
' Mr. GOODE moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL MONUMENT SOCIETY.
An act (No. 152) to incorporate the Washing-
ton National Monument Society, reported back
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. MORGAN moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA. AVENUE RAILROAD.
House bill (No. 541) in relation to a railway
along Pennsylvania avenue, in Washington city,
in the District of Columbia, reported back from
