1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
slavery into any Territory or State, norto exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions m their own way,
fcubjeet only to the Constitution of the United States."
We all remember that this clause was inserted
in consequence of the disputes in regard to this
doctrine of popular sovereignty. General Cass
and his northern friends contended that slavery-
is a local institution, and that it exists nowhere
except under the sanction of positive law; while
the southern ultraists contend that slavery ex-
ists as a matter of right in all the Territories. In
3854, the Democratic party determined not to be
embarrassed by this question, and accordingly
inserted the above declaratory clause in the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill.
It will be seen that the Democracy has been
steadily gravitating southwardly for nine or ten
years past, until it at length stands squarely upon
the South Carolina platform.
In 3847, the northern wing of the party voted
for the Wilmot proviso. In 1848, they wheeled
about and denied the right of Congress to abolish
slavery in the Territories; but declared it to be
the inalienable right of the people inhabiting them
to admit or exclude slavery at their pleasure,
either by their Territorial Legislatures, or in the
formation of their State constitutions. In 1850
to 1854, tliis right was fiercely contested by the
South, and the party was induced to take a neu-
tral, or doubtful, position; in 1855-6-7, the re-
pugnance of the slave interest to "squatter sov-
ereignty "grew intense, and the party yielded still
further; in 1853, they throw off all disguise, and
openly avow that the Constitution carriesslavcry
into all the Territories of the Union, and that no
man can be a Democrat who denies this proposi-
tion.
I can conceive of but two further steps in this
downward progress. The first of these is, to de-
clare in favor of reopening the African slave trade;
and the second is, to get up another Dred Scott
decision in favor of the right to carry slavery into
the free States.
We know that the revival of the slave trade is
earnestly demanded by the more active spirits of
the South. The Governor of South Carolina had
recommended it to the attention of the Legisla-
ture; and m Louisiana the Legislature, or at
least one branch of it—the other, however, has
rejected it by two votes—has, within a few
weeks, passed an evasive act for the revival of
the traffic in slaves, under the name of appren-
tices, or hired laborers. Indeed, it is stated in
the newspapers that the trade has been actually
revived, on the coast of Mississippi, in defiance
of the United States laws, which brand it as
piracy. I have little doubt that the trade might
be successfully carried on without the formality
of a repeal of the laws prohibiting it, for we all
know the alacrity o'f the President in efforts to
conciliate the South. In Kansas we have seen
him trample on law and justice; violate his pledges;
and give countenance to the most infamous frauds,
bv turning out of office Governors and Secretaries
who would not connive at them. How prepos-
terous, then, the idea that the President would
higgle at the allowance of the slave trade, or put
himself to inconvenience in the enforcement of an
unpopular statute of fifty years' standing ! The
slave trade may therefore be regarded as practi-
cally reestablished; but there is reason to believe
that the South will demand its le^al recognition,
and the experience of the last few years would
lead to the expectation that the Democratic party
will adopt the African slave trade as a plank in its
platform. The next national convention of the
party is to meet at Charleston, South Carolina, in
1SG0, for the purpose of nominating a candidate for
the Presidency, and the time and place will be
eminently fitting for the insertion of the ebony
plank.
The doctrine that the Constitution carries sla-
very into the free Stues has also found favor
with the leading members of the party. There
are those who insist that the Dred Scott decision
covers this ground; and among this number is the
official organ of the Government, the Washington
Union. That paper, on the 17th of November
last, distinctly asserted the light of the slavehold-
ers to carry their slaves into the free States, and
to remain with them as long as they think proper,
any law of those Stains to the contrary notwith-
standing. The South will ere long insist upon
this right, and we may expect to see the Demo-
cratic party adopt it into its creed.
I have said that the Democracy have but two
more steps to take in their downward career; but
there is still another demand which the South will
hold in reserve: the right to reduce the poor whites
of the country, and the laboring classes generally,
including mechanics, to slavery. This proposi-
tion has been boldly advanced in the South. Lead-
ing editois, politicians, and preachers have es-
poused it; and the other day it was proclaimed in
the Senate Chamber. The time may come when
they may attempt to reduce it to practice. Why
should they hesitate? They pronounce free society
a failure—an unsuccessful experiment made in
western Europe and northern America in com-
paratively modern times—while the whole expe-
rience and practice of mankind, from the earliest
ages, attest the utility and necessity of slavery.
It has become a cardinal dogma with the leaders
of southern opinion, that slavery is the natural
and proper condition of the laboringclasses, with-
out reference to the color of the skin or the nature
of their employment. The northern Democracy
are now the faithful allies of this white-slavery
party of the South, and stand ready to assist them
in carrying out every practical measure. I can
conceive that the leadeis of the party in the free
States will be greatly embarrassed by this ques-
tion, when they shall be called upon to make an
explicit avowal of the doctrine; but it must be
remembered that numbers of them have already
indirectly taken ground in favor of white slavery;
for whoever quotes the Bible in favor of slavery,
is the advocate of white slavery. The slavery
instituted and regulated by the Mosaic laws was
white slavery; the nations surrounding the land
of Canaan, whom the Israelites were authorized
to enslave, were white men, Caucasians; and, in
a later age, the servants whom Paul commanded
to obey their masters were white servants. Who-
ever, therefore, resorts to the Bible for arguments
in support of slavery, stands committed in favor
of tlie right to enslave his white fellow-citizens.
In tracing the downward career of the Democ-
racy in the pursuit of " popular sovereignty" it
is but just that I should admit, as 1 do with pleas-
ure, that a considerable wing of the party has at
length awakened to a consciousness of the " base
uses" to which their energies have been applied.
They begin to see, at tlie eleventh hour, that they
have done worse'than stand all the day idle. The
honest Democracy of the North really supposed
that the propagandists of slavery were in earnest
when they avowed themselves ready to " leave
the people perfectly free to form their institutions
in their own way." But the history of the strug-
gle in Kansas has at length opened their eyes, it
ought to have had that effect sooner, and would
have done so but for the infatuation of prejudice
and the pride of partisanship.
Sir, 1 will not fatigue the committee by going
into a minute recital of the events of the Kansas
history. A brief reference to them will be suffi-
cient for my purpose.
The first territorial election took place in March,
1855. We all know how u was conducted. About
five thousand men, in military array, marched
over the line from the State of Missouri, " with
drums beating and banners flying," dispersed
themselves through the several counties or elec-
tion districts; drove the peaceableinhabitants from
the polls, and cast an overwhelming vote for men
j of their own party—many of them, like their cott-
le stituents, citizens of Missouri. In a few instances
j protests were made by actual residents against
i these violent proceedings* and the Governor,
Reeder, reiected the returns, and gave the certifi-
cates of election to free-State men. Bat, m most
cases, the reign of terror established by the ruffian
invaders was so complete that no one dared to
make a protest; and, as a consequence—though
not alegitimateconsequence—the ruffian intruders
secured a large majority of the Legislature.
The4' Legislature "thus thrust upon the people
of Kansas by violence and fraud, assembled in
July. They adopted, at one fell 3woop, the whole
body of laws of the State of Missouri, contained
in a large volume of several hundred pages, with
such indecent haste, and with so little legaid to
what the book contained, that they neglected to
prase " State of Missouri," where it occurred in
the titles of the several acts, and insert Terri-
tory of Kansas" in its place. The consequence
was, that they were compelled to the ridiculous
expedient of passing a supplementary act declar-
ing that where the term " State of Missouri" oc-
curs, " Territory of Kansas" must be understood.
Among the laws passed by this model Legisla-
ture, were the following. Iam not aware whether
they were partly borrowed from the State of Mis-
souri, or whether they originated entirely with the
ruffian Legislature. They appear, however, to
be, at least in part, original:
{i Sec. IL If any person print, write, introduce into, pub-
lish, or circulate, or cause to be brought into, printed, writ-
ten, published, or circulated, or shall knowingly aid or assist
in bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, within
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine,hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, arguments,
opinions, sentiments, doctrines, advice, or innuendo, calcu-
lated to promote a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious dis-
affection among the slaves in this Territory, or to induce
such slaves to escapefiom the service of their masters or to
resist their authority, he shall be guilty of a felony, and be
punished bv imprisonment and hard labor for a term not
less than five years.
" Sec. 10. If any free person, l>y speaking or by writing,
assert or maintain that persons have not the light to hold
slaves in this Territory, or shall introduce into this Terri-
tory, print, publish, wnie, circulate, or cause to be intro-
duced into this Territoiy, written, printed, published, or
circulated in this Territory, any book, papei, magazine,
pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of the right of
persons to hold slaves in this Teiritory, such per=on shall be
deemed guilty of a felony,and punished by impiisonment at
haid labor for a term of not less than two years. And fur-
ther providing, that no person 4 conscientiously opposed to
holding slaves' shall sit aa a juror in the trial of any cause
founded on a breach of the foregoing law. They further
provided, that all officers and attorneys should be sworn,
not only to support the Constitution of the United Stales,
but also to «npport and sustain the organic Law of the Tcr-
ntory, and the fugitive slave laws; arid that any person
offeringtovote shall be presumed to be entitled to vote until
the contrary is shown ; and if any one, when requited, shall
refuse to take an oath to sustain the fugitive slave law«?, he
shall not he permitted to vote."
They removed all obstacles to voting at future
elections on the partof non-residents, by provid-
ing that whoever should pay a poll-tax and claim
resid ence for the time being, should be'a qualified
elector. JNo length of time was made a necessary
part of the qualification, and the consequence
was, that any Missourian who could afford the
expense of a ride acioss the line, and the pay-
ment of a small poll-tax, was legally qualified to
make laws and institutions for Kansas. It was
known that the citizens of the free States could
not avail themselves of this privilege, in conse-
quence of the great distance intervening. No one
would dream of traveling five to fifteen hundred
miles for the purpose of casting a vote. Even
Iowa could afford no aid to the free-State cause,
under this convenient electoral law, since the
western portion of it is, or was at that time, al-
most uninhabited.
Such was the" perfect freedom, "and "popular
sovereignty" enjoyed by the people of Kansas
at their first election.
Their second election, in 1856, took place un-
derthe " laws"passed by this Legislature, which
make it a felony to discuss the very questions at
issue between the parties; and disfranchise all
who would not take an oath to support laws
which they held in abhorrence. It is the height
of tyranny to compel a man to swear to support
a paiticular statute as a condition upon which he
13 to exercise the elective franchise. Have citi-
zens no right to doubt and deny the constitution-
ality of laws? And must American freemen stul-
tify themselves, or be disfranchised ? The idea
is abhorrent to every man who is not a tyrant or
a slave at heart. It is the essence of tyranny.
What would South Carolina think of such a
test-oath in regard to a protective tariff? She once
i declared such a tariff unconstitutional and void.
! Suppose the Congress of that day, at the recom-
j mendation of General Jackson, had passed an act
j prescribing a test-oath, and declaring that no man
| who refused to support the tariff act should be
| allowed to vote, what would South Carolina have
said to it? I ask her Representatives here now,
what they would have thoughtof such a test-oath?
I know what their answer must be; not one of
them but will feel his blood mantle in his cheek
with indignation at the thought. Then how can
j they countenance for one moment, directly or in-
, directly, this infamous test-oath in Kansas? Their
i candor will not permit them to deny that the cases
. aie perfectly parallel. It is as legitimate to re-
quire a test-oath for one law of Congress as for
another.
But, Mr. Chairman, is it not too plain to need
