1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
35tii Cong....1st Sess.
zen; and standing: by the decision that whiles the
Territory remains hi a territorial condition u is
slave territory, and that southern men may e.M-ry
their slaves there, are not the friends of freedom
emphatically those who desire to hasten this Ter-
ritory into the sisterhood of States, and to clothe
its people with all the power of sovereignty, so
that they may regulate and form their domestic
institutions m their own way? In other words,
if Kansas is to lemain a Territory, it is a slave
Territory; and its coming in as a State under the
Lecompton or any other constitution is the short-
est and only method by which it can be made a free
State, if it is the pleasure of the people there that
it should be a free State. The best enabling* act
for Kansas is to admit her into this Union. I do
not stand on free State or slave State, but I am
only answering the logic of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. He says that to remand this
question to the people, to throw it all again into
chaos and confusion, to reopen agitation and strife,
and to array the emigrant-aid-society man against
the border ruffian, is the shortest and easiest way
of making Kansas a free State.
Sir, 1 deny it. 1 can imagine another motive
and another ground for this facile change of front
amongst those who, of late, rang out throughout
the country, "the times demand, and we must
have, an anti-slavery Constitution, an anti-sla-
very Bible, and an anti-slavery God.'' I can ac-
count for this sudden change. It is, perhaps,
the shoitest road to the defeat of the Democratic
party. It is, perhaps, the shortest road to the
dissolution of this Union, for which those who
hum the Bible and the Constitution once a year
in Massachusetts have infamously prayed for,
" lo these many years.1"
I would say to that gentleman, in reply to his
argument, that, instead of standing by him this
day m favor of an anti-slavery Bible and an anti-
slavery Constitution, I stand with the late Sena-
tor from the State of Indiana, [Mr. Petti r,j who
well and conclusively replied to that declaration
when he said he was in favor of the old Consti-
tution and the old Bible.
The gentleman read the law of the party to
the new converts. The Crittenden amendment!
That is the shibboleth of Republicanism in these
days. Singular coincidence ! I have been in no
caucus of late, and betray no confidences. 1 was
not one of those deluded men who attempted to
make a pile of straw to Jay sick Democrats upon.
[Lau^httn.] Smgulai coincidence' that while
the Black Republican party, with the ^ray-headed
gentleman from Ohio, who has received the eu-
logy of the gentleman from Massachusetts her >
to-day, were dragooning their men into a unani-
mous support of the Crittenden amendment, the
northern Democracy, opposing i1k  Adnnmstta-
tion, werealsoattemptingto bring tho Democratic
party into unanimity upon it. Why, sir, wo
would have a perfect unanimity in the House—
a kind of political millennium, orgeneral fusion of
parties, with the gray-headed old lile-le„nf"i from
Ohio, whose constituents, some tinv oto, peti-
t.oned the Legislature of tliat State in favor of dis-
solving the Union,at its head. And all this, says
the gentleman from Massachusetts, is to resultln
a glorious Republican victory in ]8<j0 ! Let the
Douglas Democrats" take notice of the predic-
tion, and consider within themselves what share
they arc to have in the feast.
My colleague from the Now Albany district
[Mi. English] said that when lie was aeked if
he was going to vote with the Republicans, he
retorted, " arc you going to vote with the Know
Nothings Now, sir, I have an answer to make
to that, and what I say goes before my constit-
uents. In the platforms of 1856, their was no ma-
terial difference on the slavery question between
the Fillmore Know-Nothingpaity and the Dem-
ocratic party; and throughout my district I ad-
dressed the members of the Know-Nothing party
m this w -iy: I said to them, *' I repudiate your
Americanism; I lepudiate your seeict organiza-
tion; but that is not m issue in this contest; sla-
very is the question; and if you are true to your
platform on that question, you and I agree." I
spoke m my colleague's district and preached the
same doctrine m the city of New Albany, and,
bitter as I had been against the peculiar tenets of
the American party, as to foreigners and Catho-
Slavery Agitation, c.tc.—Mr. Tappan.
lies,when the slavery question came up, I received \
the votes of a good many of that party, for which :
. I am duly grateful. And I say to my colleague I
; here, I am notashamed to avow in this Hall, what i
: I avowed before my constituents, that I was will- j
ing, and am willing now, to stand side by side :
| with the Fillmore or national American party ,
[ upon the slavery question, while I shall ever re- !
! pudiate and abhor their war upon religions and 1
! races. .
! Hut let me ask my colleague if he did not speak 1
| without his host? Is this^Know-Nothing party
. in Congress a unit upon this question > How do
:thoys fand in this House J Divided. How do they;
1 stand in the other branch of Congress : The pros- j
| idential aspirants, the leaders, the high priests I
' and prophets of the party, including the author of i
this newamendment,arearrayedagainst the Dem- \
i ocratic party. Let the gentleman go to his con- j
. stituents and tell them that, in attempting to de- j
feat this Lecompton constitution, he stood side by j,
oide, and shoulder to shoulder, with the Repre- j
tentative from Louisville; and every Democrat |
in his district, and especially in the principal city j
of it, who recollects the burning dwellings and !
bloody deeds of the first Monday of August, 1855, I
will hear him with sorrow and disappointment. 1
Talk to me, sir, about standing side by side with ''
the Know-Nothing party upon this question ! I '
care not m what company 1 fight, so long as the !
flag of the Constitution waves over me. I followed '
that ting through the contest of 1S5C. I knew that !
the Democratic party of this Union had not only !
inscribed upon it their principles, but that they |
had intrusted it to the hands of Junius Buchanan j
m preference to Stephen A Dm.^ias I am fol- i
lowing that flag now m the hands of that same '
leader: and, sir, I intend to follow it even if it be |
to that political grave which the late member fiom
Illinois [Mr. Morris] intimated was awaiting the
discharge of my duty heie.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Burling ami;] went out of his way
to pronounce a eulogy upon the senior member
from Ohio, [Mr. Gmnrsras.] IIo said that that
gentleman had a very warm heart as well as a
gray head; and that, if the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] knew him as well as he did,
he would think so. Yes, if; the if stands very
much in the way. I have heard of this celebrated
traveler from Massachusetts before—not altogeth-
er so celebrated as Captain Cook, who circum-
navigated the adobe—but the traveler who went
ail over the country making stump speeches for
Fremont, and of whom newspaper account* were
published describing him minutely, and informing
the world whether he wore a check neckcloth ami
striped breeches or not, and reaped the full meas-
ure of fame after the Republican manner. [Laugh-
ter.] I recollect very well that he made a speech at
the capital of Indiana, and pronounced his eulogy
upon Giddings there. His memory tailed him
here this afternoon. In sporting phrase, lie let
dow n. He was anxious to bustani his ch<ua< t"i
as an extempore speaker, but his mcmoiy failed
him and ho broke down. I did not hea r hiu speech
at the capital of my State; but 1 recollect hearing
and seeing in the newspapers that he told the peo-
ple to "rally round the mighty Gtddi\tgs;5' but
the people could not swallow it, for even the Re-
publicans of Indiana have not sunk quite so low
as that yet. [Laughter.]
The gentleman repeated the old eulogy to-duy.
Yes, sir, a man is known by the company he
keeps. This now defender of ihe Constitution,
this Union-lover, this man who objects to south-
ern men talking about a dissolution.of the Union,
js at his old game, eulogizing the gentleman from
Ohio, who, m the convention which nominated
Hale and Julian, gave utterance to the following
burst of constitutional and Union-loving patriot-
ism :
c- mi gnmncr< did not h^'ve there was one man pre
to he a Fii;e-rioiier;i!i this city, who had any ah a of
even back to tins ra.i.-s of'eonuption to be foutid tn
the oi(i juru<'<-. He believed <md a^i-eitod that thoM'who
Mew (inr-ueh were ihe mo-t efficient protectors of out
stilutioii now living. He would i t such dnctnne e\ r i v-
where, hut ho wai not ready to phice such doctrine in the
platform. He demanded the repeal of the law, [fugitive
slave law.j but luend Smith is opposed to asking foi its le-
pra!. i have helped otf as many Jerrys as he has ; and j
have told a fugitive, when puisued hy the slave catcher, to
shoot him down , and have put the putolin Ins hand. i j
Ho. of Reps.
then told the slavo-catchcr to take him, but, he did not wish
to run any risk on that point, for I believe the fugitive would
have shot him.55
We have here, as the eulogist of this member
from Ohio, a member from Massachusetts, a State
where Kalloch preaches, and where a man is
elected Governor who goes into the canvass of
State affairs gravely declaring that he is in favor
" of the admission of Kansas with her own char-
ter of freedom." This is the defender of the
Constitution, from Massachusetts. Ho is going
to exterminate dough-faces. I tell both him and
the gentleman from Illinois, who expected to see
me shot down at the outposts in this contest,
that when this race of dough-faces is extermin-
ated, the Constitution of this country and the
Union of these States are at an end. 'Then the
gentleman from Massachusetts will have an op-
portunity of being confronted with these south-
ern men, and I hope that he will behave himself
better than he did on a certain memorable occa-
sion that has passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must un-
derstand that it is not in order to indulge in per-
sonalities.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I will not do it. The
gentleman lias assumed to himselfakindof leader-
, ship hereto-day. He announces to us, ex cathedra,
that the Republican party has squared itself upon
Crittenden's amendment. He patted the Doug-
las men on the back : "yes, you are patriotic men,
that you are; come up and vote for Crittenden's
amendment, along with the venerable and warm-
hearted member from Ohio. Then perhaps we
will have some of these days an anti-slavery con-
stitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-
slavery God."
Something has been said here to-night about
, reading out of the party. The gentleman from
Illinois dodged that question. We have heard
a good deal said about reading out of the party,
and the establishment of tests. I admit that no
man or no set of men have the power to establish
a test. I admit that no Administration and no
number of men can read men out of the party so
long as they are sound upon principle. I will tell
you what I do say; tests are matters 
[Here the hammer fell.]
slavery agitation—nullification—this
leoompton constitution.
SPEECH OF HON. M. W. TAPPAN,
of new hampshire,
In tjii: House of Representatives,
March, 31, 1858.
The Hou^e hem? in the Committed of the Whole on the
btate of the Union-
Mr. TAPPAN said:
Mr. Chairman': 1 rise to-day to put upon record
the protest of New Hampshire against what 1
conceive to be the most stupendous political fraud
that was ever before attempted to be perpetrated
upon any people.
Not that it is necessary, in order that her posi-
tion should be fully known, for New Hampshire,
here and now, to utter her voice against the Le-
compton iniquity, for in her recent State election
she has already spoken in language more signifi-
cant and potent than any words which lean utter
on this occasion.
The State which but a few years ago was
known as the very Gibraltar of northern Democ-
racy, has just been carried against the Adminis-
tration by a majority of five thousand; and, if the
so-railed ii Democratic" party there had not en-
tirely ignored this issue, or, as was the case to
some extent, token anti-Lecompton ground, in-
stead of live thousand, the majority against it
would have been ten thousand—sweeping the
party into oblivion.
Mr. Chairman,it is not my purpose to discuss,
wholly or mainly, ihe Kansas question, or to go
into a detailed examination of the Lecompton
constitution, as I might perhaps have done at an
earlier stage of the debate. This has already
been done by others, until the subject is well nigh
exhausted. Hut while I intend to refer, in the
course of my lemarks, to some of the more prom-
inent features of the great question which is so
soon to be dccided, I intend also to vindicate the
