1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
05tii Comg....1st Sess.
Slavery Agitation, etc—Mr. Tappan.
Ho. of Reps.
" F-ntlemen," and do ail the thinking and gov- |
eruinr; while o' heru are mere nvuhals—'* hev/ers ,
oi' wood and drawers of wntPr! "
Sn ,<ts I have said, these are the deliberate opin- I
ions of leading <{ Democrats," touching the great
question of free labor, and it is but, just to hold
the Democratic party responsible for the senti-
'ments of its leading men.
But, to return from this digression. Mr. Chair-
wan, this design against the integrity of the Union
was foreseen, and we have been warned against it
by some of the best and most prominent men of
ih" earlier and better days of the Republic. In
1833, Mr. Madison, in the last year of his life,
wrote to his friend, Edward Coles, Esq., as fol-
lows:
What more dangerous than nullification, or more evi-
dent than the process it continues to make, either in its
t i1filial shape, or in the disunite it. assumes 7 Nullification ]
!<;>o the otfc'ct of putting powder under the Constitution and i
the Union, and a match in Uie hand ofevery patty to blow j
liioin up atpleasU'C." * * "* * " A siisccp- !
tibiiuy of ihe contagion in the southern States is viable; j
and the danger, not to be concealed, that the empathy ;
an->102 fioiu known causes,and the inculcated impiessionof j
a permunent incompatibility of interests betueen the South
<  id the North, rn'iy put it in the power of popular Ievicts, ;
u-pmng to the highest scions, to unite the South, on some •
critical occasion* in a cause that uill end in a eating a new ;
thcuterof great though mfci tor interest. T.i p-t)sui>t<* t/ti<! \
co n} sc. the first anil most obvious step is nullification, the nest i
secession, and the last a farewell separation!
Thus wrote I\Tr. Madison, m the stormy times |
of nullification; and what were then merely the i
predictions of a fur-seeing and patriotic states- j
man, would seem at this time to be in the process j
of fulfillment. Nullification to-day seems to lie 1
acting under its " disguises,'' to use the language
of Mr. Madison; but occasionally the cloven-foot 1
will protrude itself, and the secret discontent,
growing out of the supposed incompatibility of
interests to which I have referred, is made to ap-
pear! Thus, in thf late remarkable speech of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Governor Ham- :
mond,] to which I have just referred, he exclaim.-::
" What guaiantee have we, when you have thisCoveiis-
mcnt m youi possession, in ail its derailment-*, rv^u >t we
submit quietly to what the Senator evlmitv u - to -uh'rnt to ■
—the limitation of slave) y to its potent terntoi v, and even '
to the reconstruction of the Supreme Couit—thai you will .
not plunder Uj with tariffs; that you will not bankinprus :
With internal lnipiovenionts and bounties on your expot fa ; ]
that you will not ciamp us with navigation ja«vs, and other j
laws impeding the facilities of tran-poi ta'ion to hOtuhern •
produce? What guarantee that you will not create* <i new ]
i>unk,and concentrate nil the finances of tins counti v at
the Noith, wheie alreadv, foi the want of ditcet tiaile and '
a propei <-v-temof banking at the South,theyaieiumou-iy 'j
concentrated ?"
Tins allusion to the tariff and the United States
Bank is, to say the least, extremely unfortunate,
when we consider the fact that both of tin so
measures have, at one time or another, received
the sanction of Mr. Calhoun and other prominent
southern statesmen.
Rut 1 do not refer to this matter of nullification
and secession as a cause of any very sei ions alarm,
but only to show one motive, and, as I think, the
great motive, which impels all this clamor about
disunion. I have no doubt that it is used by many
as a mere scare-crow, to frighten men from their
political propriety, and, by virtue of it, to fasten
upon the country the extreme measures of the
rlave power. In 1833, however, when it assumed
its largest proportions, it was " crushedout" by
the heroic firmness of the brave and patriotic man
who then occupied the executive choir of tiie
nation. It raised its hideous front again in 1S50;
but when, in the elections of that year, the intel-
ligence and patriotism of the masses of the south-
ern people weie appealed to, it miseiably failed,
even in Georgia and Mississippi. And so it will
be a^ain.
And here, again, Mr. Chairman, it may be re-
maiked that the leading aisumonists of the coun-
try are also the leading Democrats of the coun-
try ! Examine the speeches, both of the present
and last Congresses, where disunion sentiments
have been promulgated, and you will find them
the speeches of Democrats. Look at the presses
of the country which openly " calculate the value
of the Union,5' and you will find them Demo-
cratic presses. Look at the men who figure at
southern disunion conventions, and you will find
them all Democrats! Let the Democratic party,
then, repudiate these disunion sentiments, and
shake oif the leaders who advocate them, or be
content to rest under the load of ndmm and in-
famy which the American people always have
and always will visit upon those who plot against
the welfare of the Urpu'oli'*!
Sir, I wish the present Executive had .some of
the same spirit, and a little, of that Roman firm-
ness winch characterized the great man who oc-
cupied the presidential chair at the time of which
I speak! There was no timidity, no wavering,
then I General Jackson took his stand; and al-
though the tempest howled about his ears, and a
sovereign State was arrayed in arms against the
XTnion, yet he quailed or faltered not! Not so in
the present emergency did James Buchanan, lie
sent his own favorite Governor to Kansas, and
gave him instructions that the constitution to be
framed should be submitted to the vote of the peo-
ple. Governor Wallou- promised over and over
again, in the most solemn and emnhatic manner,
that it should be so submitted. These promises
and pledges were brought home to the knowledge
of the President, and tacitiy approved by him.
But this cause disaffected the pro-slavery party
in Kansas, and the extreme slavery party in the
South; and when Governor Walker, like an hon-
est man, rejected the Oxford and. MoGee frauds,
the fire, that before was partially smothered, now
broke out with violence, and from that moment
Governor Walker, from whom so much had been
expected, was a doomed man! And the Presi-
dent, instead of sustaining Jus Governor, who was
clearly in the right, instead of proudly maintain-
ing the position ho at lit st assumed, repudiated
lus own instructions, turned bis buck upon Gov-
ernor Walker, and left him to be sacnfieed !
The Georgia and Alabama resolutions and the
^reat outcry that rang thiough the South against
Governor Walker, were too much for the weak
and shattered neives of our President! 1 trust
m God that there is yet virtue and intelligence
enough i"ft in the A men-,-an people to enable
them, at no v*ry distant dry, to choose a Presi-
dent, either from the Noun or from the South,
(1 hardly care which,) wh > will not be frightened
to de\uh every time curiam hot-headed gentle-
man threaten to '' break tilings" by dissolving
the Union !
Sir, I desire to trace, very briefly, some of the
causes of this slavery agitation, and see who are
the real aggiessors. Who and what cieated the
distut banco at the tune of the Texas annexation ?
Sir, instead of allowing events to t, ke their nat-
ural e-oui■■>e, leaving Texas at S'uoo time to come
into the Union (if ihe imerits of both parties re-
quited it) m a constitutional way, that measure
was precipitated upon the country m hot haste,
in defiance of the treaty-nuking power, and, as
was believed by many of our ablest statesmen,
against the plain provisions of the Const^unon!
There, must be no delay. Nothing but <k imme-
diate annexation" would answer, and all for the
ope iihj-avoxved purpose of sire n '^Lhenui^ andpc i pduat-
i the bijstcm of h umaii sluvt i if. Itisnotto be won-
dered at, under these circunistancew, that the peo-
ple of the free States should rotnonytivte ' They
di^hk'-d to stand in the inconsistent attitude, be-
fore the civilized woikl, of a great and powerful
Republic, boasting of its pri.ldom, and founded
upon the rights of man, rusiung headlong into o
foreign war lor tlie purpose of extending slavery !
And yet this was l he whole of the Texas question.
Slavery was offensivfly daunted into tiie veiv
flees of' our people, for the purpose, as it would
seem, of <iga in " Au ( nu!, i h"issue u pon the North!"
A nd because some of the p .-op I" of th" fi < e States,
true to the principles of liberty a,id equal rights,
for which their fathers fought and bled, objected
to this movement for thi-"< purpose, the nulbfiers
of the South £ot up meetmv^ and held conven-
tions, arid a^ain " breathed out threatening:; and
slaughter'' ogamstthe Unem, unless Texas should
be annexed ! Texas ?'•«<; a':n-:xed War with
Mexico followed, hringin" in i h nam large ac-
quisitions of ten Uory and numerous e\ n«, the end
of which is not yet ! And now, mi-, I uneerstand
that Tex^s too, after all the blood mm! treasure
that have been expended in her oeiiaif, threatens
to retire from the Union unless the American Con-
gress sanctions thts Lecompton fraud ! Sir, I feel
nothing but kindness toward1* the State of Texas,
her people, or her tleprer enuti:vcs on tins floor;
but if, on such an issue, Texas thinks best to dis-
solve the bands which bind us together, and to
t! step out'' of the Union, 1 say let her go ! We
managed, after a fashion, to get along before she
came m, and 1 think we can live when she shall
go out!
Mr. Chairman, there is one remarkable fact
connected with this matter of Texas annexation
which, in passing, I must not omit to notice; and
that is, the prohibition of slavery in a portion of the
new State of Texas. Tiiat part of the joint resolu-
tion of annexation, touching this matter, is in the
following words:
(i And in ?uch Stat#  or States as shall be formed nut of
said tenitoiv north of said Missouri compromise line, sla-
very or involuntary seivitude (except for crime) shall be
pi&hibitod "
Among those who voted for this clause I find
the names of the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia, [nfi. Stlpuens ,] of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. IJ ouston;] ofthcgentleman fromTen-
hes-see. [.sir. G . W . J ones ;] of Howell Cobb, now
Secretary of the Treasury; of Jacob Thompson,
Secretary of the Interior; of Aaron V. Brown,
Postmaster General; of Andrew Johnson, now
Senator from Tennessee; of John Slldell, Sen-
ator from Louisiana; and a great many other
prominent Democrats, both from the North and
South. And yet the same gentlemen who then,
and in the application afterwards of the same prin-
ciple to OtegoUj directly " intervened'' to prohibit
slavery in b<>( h of those Tern toi ies, now hold that
it is unconstitut tonal for Congress to interfere with
slavery m the Territories, and make " non-inter-
vention" a test of Democratic, faith.
This only shows the rapid strides which the
so-called Democratic paityba-? made in behalf
of slavery within the last lew years, until to-day
it stands before the < ountry and the world having
for its tat measure: a bill which puis the " right in
bluvc propeihj higher than any lonstitctionat sanc-
tion !}>
Growing nut of the Mexican war was the ac-
quisition of C'lhfot tun, and her subsequent Appli-
cation for admission as a Stale into this Union,
with a free constitution. Mr. Chairman, tins was
the c< unkmdest cut of all." The Texas annex-
ation scheme had been «rot up to strengthen sla-
very; but, owing to the discovery of gold, and the
<;reat rush to California from the free States, the
oi lgni.d slavery de.Myji (it would seem almost by
the liueM interposition of Piovidencc) was lrus-
11 ate J .and ourgalden sister of the Pacific knocked
at the door of the Union with a constitution un-
conrammated by slavery!
Mr. Chairman, we all remember the terrible
agitation winch shook the land in 1850; how the
stoutest heaits appeared lo tiemble and quake
with fear at the " wieek of matter and crasn of
worlds" wlncii seemed impending! Southern
conventions were held; disunion speeches were
made: and the Union itself, which had stood so
many hard shocks, seemed at last to be going to
piec, fi.
Sir, what was the occasion of this great outcry ?
what tii • cause of the new agitation which once
more seemed to threaten the permanency of the
Union? It was simply because the southern nul-
lifiers w'ic determined that California, the fruit
of their own scheme of slavery extension, should
not come inio the Union as a free Suite. Sir^the
whole agitation, at that time, and now, shows
that the contc at going on in this country is a con-
test for nohuejl pow-u*. It i.s a question whether
a few thousand slaveholders shall, in all tune to
come, rule and 'rovem this country, as they have,
according to Senator Hammond, for the last44 sixty
years;" and whether, as a consequence, all the
Territon* s of the n.iuon shall be cursed by the
bhghtu>;i mildew of slavery, or become the abode
of freena-n, v/uh free institutions and free labor.
Such was the question in icference to California,
and such is the Kansas question to-day. Dy the
admission of California, the South, nominally at
least, lost the balance of power in the United
States Senate; and so, to compensate for this loss,
it is necessary to secure Kansas, at any expense
of fraud, outrage, and wrong.
Sir, it is curious, as well as instructive, to con-
sider where prominent southern gentlemen—the
same who are, now urging the forcible admission
of Kansas U'>der the Lecompton constitution—
stood, v\ hen California sought admission under a
