1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
. Mr. LAMAR. It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss the various questions involved in our Central
American relations. Should I avail myself of a
future occasion to do so, I may be forced reluc-
tantly to dissent from some of the views so ably
presented by my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Quitman.] However painful this may be to my-
self, I nevertheless feel confident of his generous
indulgence, especially when he sees in my course
only the reflex of his own spirit of independence;
a spirit which runs like a stream of fire through
all his acts and writings, which enabled him a
few years since to light up the ardor of a thousand
patriots, to fire his countrymen to the assertion of
their rights, and enshrines him in the hearts and
affections of the people of his State without dis-
tinction of party. Mr. Chairman, any proposi-
tion which has for its object the advancement and
progress of southern institutions, by equitable
means, will always commend itself to my cordial
approval. Others may boast of their widely-ex-
tended patriotism, and their enlarged and compre-
hensive love of this Union.
With me , I confess that the promotion of south-
ern institutions is second in. importance only to
the preservation of southern honor. In reading
her history and studying her character, I delight
to linger in the contemplation of that stern and
unbroken confidence with which she has always
clung to the integrity of her principles and the
purity of her honor. In that unfortunate division
which has separated our country into sections,
natural causes beyond our control have assigned
to her the weaker section. A numerical minority I
finds safety and protection alone in the power of |
truth and the invincibility of right. The South, j
standing upon this high ground, has ever com-
manded the respect of her friends and defied the
assaults of her enemies. When ruthless major-
ities have threatened wrong and injustice, their
hands have been stayed only by the deference
which the worst spirits unconsciously pay to the
cause of justice. In the long and bitter contests
which, have marked our internal struggles, the
South has made but one demand—the Constitu-
tion of our common country, the claims of jus-
tice, and the obligations of States; and it is our
boast to-day, that we can present a record un-
stained with a single evidence of violated faith or
attempted wrong. The same regard for truth,
justice, and honor, which characterizes our inter-
course with the various sections of our own coun-
try, furnishes the safest rules for our dealings
with other countries. As the Constitution is the
law of our conduct at home, so let good faith be
the rule of our conduct abroad. If I could do
so consistently with the honor of my country, I
would plant American liberty with southern insti-
tutions upon every inch of American soil. I be-
lieve that they give to us the highest type of civil-
ization known to modern times, except in those
particulars dwelt upon so elaborately and com-
placently by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thayer.]
In that particular form of civilization which
causes the population of a country to emigrate to
other lands for the means of subsistence, I concede
to the North great superiority over our section.
[Laughter.] There can be no doubt that New
England, and especially Massachusetts, is a splen-
did country to emigrate from, and, in this respect,
stands unrivaled, with perhaps the single excep-
tion of Ireland. [Laughter.] And right here I de-
sire to express my acknowledgments to the gen-
tleman for the very apt and classttal comparison
which he instituted between his section and the
officinagentium. It never occurred to me before,
but since he has mentioned it, 1 must confess to
the resemblance in many respects between the
recent emigration from New England and the ir-
ruption of the Goths and Vandals. [Laughter.]
It is also due to candor that I should say that the
gentleman's vindication of the emigrant aid so-
cieties places the.objects and motives of that en-
terprise upon more defensible grounds than we
of the South supposed to exist. For one, I am
perfectly satisfied that the thing was demanded
by necessity, and has resulted in benefit to all the
parties concerned; that the country was benefited
lay getting rid of the population, and the popu-
lation greatly benefited by leaving the country.
[Laughter.]
To return from this digression; while I am a
southern man, thoroughly imbued with the spirit
of my section, I will never consent to submit the
fate of our noble institutions to the hands of ma-
rauding bands, or violate their sanctity by ident-
ifying their progress with the success of unlaw-
ful expeditions. Andmostespecially, whenlsee
them receiving the countenance and sanction of a
distinguished Senator, whose course on the Kan-
sas question is so fresh in our recollection.
Before I consent to any new schemes of terri-
torial acquisition, to be effected, as usual, by the
prowess of southern arms, and the contribution
of southern blood and treasure, I desire the ques-
tion of the south's right to extend her institutions
into territory already within the Union, practically
and satisfactorily settled by the legislation of this
Congress. These territorial acquisitions, so far,
have been to the South like the far-famed fruit
which grows upon the shores of the accursed sea,
beautiful to sight but dust and ashes to the lips.
We learn from the President's message that the
people of Kansas having reachcd the number that
would justify her admission into the Union as a
State, she has, by her duly constituted authorities,
taken all the steps necessary to the attainment
of this object, and will, m a short time, demand
the redemption of the pledge of the Government,
that she " shall be admitted, with or without
slavery, as her constitution may prescribe, at the
time of such admission." But in advance of
her application, we are informed by the distin-
guished author of the Kansas bill, and gentlemen
upon this floor, that her case has been prejudged,
and her claims rejected. This presents a question
before whose colossal magnitude the wrongs of
Walker, and the criminality of Paulding, sink
into insignificance.
I propose to examine into the grounds upon
which this violation of plighted faith is attempted
to be justified. The ground principally relied
upon is, that the constitution which she presents
was framed by a convention not called in pursu-
ance of an enabling or authorizing act of Congress,
but on the mere motion of the Territorial Legis-
lature. Now, sir, apart from the practice of the
Government, which has not been uniform on this
subject, I, for one, admit, to the fullest extent, the
propriety and importance of such an act of Con-
gress. I have always held that the sovereignty
over these Territories was vested in the people of
these United States; that the power of legislation
in reference to them belonged to Congress, and
that this power was limited only by the Consti-
tution and the nature of the trust, and that before
the inhabitants of the Territory are competent to
form a constitution and a State government, it is
necessary that Congress should first withdraw its
authority over the Territories. The necessity of
an enabling net, I conccdc to the fullest extent.
Whenever individuals in a Territory undertake to
form a State government, without the previous
assent of Congress, they are, in my opinion,
guilty of gross usurpation and flagrant disregard
of the rights of the United States and the author-
ity of Congress. Under such circumstances, it
becomes a question purely of discretion with Con-
gress, whether to remand them to their territorial
condition, or to waive the want of authority, and
to ratify the proceedings as legular and lawful.
The question now presents itself, do the cir-
cumstances attending the application of Kansas
for admission into the Union present such a case ?
Was the convention at Lecompton an unauthor-
ized and revolutionary assemblage, usurping the
sovereignty of the State,and throwing off unlaw-
fully the authority of the United States? I hold
that it was a convention of the people, called
by the regularly constituted authority, and with
the previous assent of Congress. I hold that the
Kansas bill was an enabling act, vesting the
Territorial Legislature with power to call such a
convention. In analyzing the provisions of that
noble law, we find that it looks to higher objects
and more enduring results than the mere organi-
zation of temporary territorial governments for
Kansas and Nebraska. It looks beyond the ter-
ritorial status; it provides for its admission as a
State; and in express terms pledges the faith of
Government that it shall be received into the
Union " with or without slavery, as its constitu-
tion may prescribe at the time of such ad mission.'5
It also declares the " intent and meaning of this
act" to be, " not to legislate slavery into any Ter-
ritory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom; but
to leave the people thereof perfectly free io form
and regulate their institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States and the provisions of this act."
Now, had the bill stopped here—had it gone no
further—there might be some ground for the ob-
jection that additional legislation by. Congress is
necessary. For the bill might- guaranty to the
people admission as a State, and the right of form-
ing theirconstitution,and yet reserve to Congress
the all-important power of determining when the
people had attained a sufficient maturity and
growth to fit them for the enjoyment and exercise
of this highest and most glorious right of self-
government. It might reserve to itself the power
of determining who should constitute such a peo-
ple—who should be the qualified voters—and in
short, of prescribing all the steps preliminary to a
call of the convention of the people. I say Con-
gress might -tfell have reserved all these high and
delicate d iscretionary powers to herself, and there
might be some ground for claiming them in behalf
of Congress, had the bill stopped with the clause
which I have quoted.
But, unfortunately for the enemies of Kansas,
the bill does not stop here. It goes on to confer
j the most ample powers on the Territorial Legis-
lature. In section twenty-two, after providing
for the first election, it says:
" But thereafter the times, place®, and manner of holding
and conducting all elections by the people, shall be pre-
scribed by law."
Again, after providing for qualifications of
voters for the first election, it says:
" 15ut the qualification of voters, and of holding office,
at all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall be pre-
scribed by the Territorial Legislature."
In section twenty-four, it is further enacted that
the legislative power of the Territory shall ex-
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent
with the Constitution.
These clauses, taken together, embrace the en-
tire subject in dispute, and vesj, all powers con-
nected therewith m the Territorial Legislature.
What can be a more clear and rightful subject of
legislation than to determine the time when a
people shall emerge from their condition of terri-
torial pupilage into that of State sovereignty, of
calling a convention of the people, prescribing the
qualification of voters, and arranging the usual
details preparatory to the application for admis-
sion as a State. Indeed, sir, according to the
well settled maxims of civil law, no people can
undertake to form or abolish a constitution, ex- -
cept in obedience to the summonsor invitation of
the existing legislative authority. It was in this
view that Congress has delegated these high and
important matters of legislative discretion to the
territorial government. You may take up any
enabling act passed by Congress, and you cannot
find a provision in it which is not involved either
in the specific grants or general delegation of
powers contained in the Kansas bill.
The conclusion which the language of the bill
authorizes, is strengthened and sustained by its
history. When this bill was first reported, it
contained the usual power, which you find in all
territorial bills, of congressional veto, revocation,
or repeal of the territorial laws; but it was stricken
out, and the bill became a law, with no reserva-
tion of power to Congress touching this point,
limiting the broad grant of jurisdiction to the Ter-
ritorial Legislature over " all rightful subjects of
legislation." If the language of the bill audits
history could leave any doubt as to the correct-
ness of this construction, it would at once be re-
moved by a recurrence to the debates when the
bill was pending in Congress. The speeches of
both friends and foes are replete with the proof
of what I say. I could quote from the author of
the bill, and from its supporters in this House, to
show that their object was to transfer to the people
of Kansas the entire control over her internal
affairs, including slavery, untrammeled by any
congressional legislation. But, sir, it is not ne-
cessary.
It may be said that, if this construction be true,
the bill embraced two entirely distinct and dis-
similar subjects: one organizing aTerritory, and
the other providing for the admission of a State.
Well, sir, if I am not mistaken, this very objec-
tion was made, to wit: that the bill was against
all regular parliamentary procedure. And a dis-
tinguished gentleman from Missouri, after ex-
hausting his powers of invective, like a man in
