1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ll&>5
which any one can verify by a reference to the
census, that the northern and western portions
of the latter, like southwestern Missouri, are
nearly destitute of slaves. In fact, slavery has no
great hold upon Arkansas. In the northern half
of the State, with more than a hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, there were in 1850 less than ten
thousand slaves. That State is, therefore, more
likely to receive a friendly invasion ofFree-Soilers
from the North than to send outa pro-slavery in-
vasion into the adjacent Territory.
The cotton region of Arkansas lies in its south-
ern and southeastern portions, and the slave pop-
ulation is chiefly confined to these sections. If
cotton and slavery will not flourish in the north-
ern and western parts of this State, how unlikely
that they will succced better in the higher and
colder regions west of it, to which the Indians
have been assigned !
Mr. Chairman, the South owed its rapid devel-
opment, or I should more properly say, its diffu-
sion and consequent increase m the number of
States, in the commencement of our national ca-
reer, to the ruinous effects of slavery upon the soil.
Slave labor is fitted only for agriculture. Slaves
are kept in ignorance as a necessary police regu-
lation; and,as a nccessary consequence, they are
only qualified for the coarsest common labor. They
will not excel in even the rudest species of me-
chanical or manufacturing labor: and are utterly
unfitted, by ignorance, by the absence of motives
of interest, and by want of integrity of character,
for the more ingenious opeiations of art, for trade,
commerce, and business. The community, thcic-
fore, which holds a half, a third, or two thirds of
the population in slavery, can never compete with
a free community. It is as if a man should at-
tempt to run a race with one of his logs splintered,
or to wrestle with his right arm bound. It is for
this reason that we see but few towns and villages
in the slave States, compared with what we find
north of Mason and Dixon's line; that the cities,
except on the northern border, where slavery
has nearly disappeaied, are few in number, and
dwarfed in appearance. Even agriculture itself,
because it is the almost on'y occupation of soci-
ety, wears a languid and thriftless aspect.
Towns and cities are csscn!ml to agricultural
prosperity. They furnish a domestic market for
whatever the earth produces; for gram and vege-
tables, for beef, mutton, poultry, and eggs, and
for a thousand things which would otherwise
be useless. Slavery starves out the towns and
cities, wears out the soil, and leaves nothing to
improve or recuperate it, except at a very heavy
expense and inconveniencc. The consequence is,
that the slaveholder, after a dozen or twenty years,
finds it necessary to abandon his worn-out plan-
tation, and move further, in seaich of new lands;
and hence it is that slavery has heretofore ad-
vanced so rapidly. Its weakness and worthless-
ness, as a system of labor, have been the cause
of its temporary increase of political power m the
Confederacy.
But, sir, the spirit of progress and improvement
has invaded even the slave region; and within fif-
teen years, but more especially within ten years,
the South has greatly improved its condition by
the construction of railroads, and other facilities
of transportation and travel The effect has been
to bring the farmer nearer the market, to diversi-
fy employment, and to give unwonted activity to
town and country. But the legitimate develop-
ment of the South has tended to hinder its ex-
pansion. The augmented demand for labor in the
old States has checked emigration, and we see
Virginia, Maryland, and the Carolinas improving
as fast, or nearly as fast, as the newer States of
the Southwest. Texas, which has an immense
fertile territory, with five times as much soil
adapted to slavery as Virginia, has disappointed
the hopes of the South; and apprehensions begin
to be felt that the western half of it will be ap-
propriated by the Free-Soilers. Should this take
place it may be attributed as much to the internal
development ofthe old slave States as to the enter-
prise of the Free-Soilers.
The most feasible remedy which the South has,
therefore, against the encroaching tide of white
labor, is the return to her ancient lethargy and
indifference to the value ofinternal improvements.
Let her abandon her railroads, and cease to build
more, let her burn down her factories and work-
shops, and lynch or destroy every steam-engine,
and she will soon see revived'that great element
of her political power, the compulsory dispersion
of her population over the plains of Texas, and
the formation of new slave States. A return to
this policy may secure to her the Indian Terri-
tory, if not Kansas itself.
A different law has controlled the destiny of
northern population. The free States were ori-
ginally poor. The imports of the South, as well
as the exports, prior to the Revolution, were
greater than those of the North. The South,
then, as now, produced the rich staples of com-
merce; the North produced nothing which was
not grown equally cheap in Europe, except, per-
haps, lumber and fish, which were exchanged for
such British manufactures or colonial products as
they could afford to purchase. The South, it is
true, had no commerce, because that was in the
handsof the merchants of England. English ships
brought their cargoes to the very doors of the
planters, without the intervention of an American
merchant, in many cases; a fact which illustrates
the utter absence of commerce in the American
colonies. General Washington was in the habit
of thus dealing directly with the London importer.
The planters had, however, much more to ex-
change for the luxuries and comforts of Europe
than the poor farmers of the North. The South
exported every thing valuable which she produced,
and imported everything which she consumed,
except necessary food. Nearly everything worn,
and every article of furniture was imported. Even
biicks to build houses were imported from Eng-
land.
The friends of slavery are in the habit of point-
ing to the large exports of the South—they can
no longer point to its large imports—as evidence
of the superior wealth of that section. They ex-
port everything valuable which they produce,and
import, either from Europe or from the North,
everything except necessaries which they con-
sume; and this, sir, is the ground of their boasted
wealth, independence, and civilization ! I am
amazed, sir, fhat a moment's reflection has not
taught them the contrary. Is it not clear that a
country which produces only the raw materials
of commerce, which only cultivates the ground,
is in m condition of colonial dependence? Such,
sir, is the condition ofthe South. She produces
the bulk of our exports, and yet she has never,
at any period of her history, exported them. Even
when a majority of the exports was made from
southern ports,"the trade was carried on by north-
ern or European ships and seamen. But for some
years past the South has fallt-n behind the North
in the amount of exports. The imports have al-
ways been in northern hands. The North sends
its ships to New Orleans and Charleston, trans-
ports thfircotton, tobacco, sugar, and rice, to Eu-
rope, and brings back return-cargoes of merchan-
dise to New York, Boston,and Philadelphia; and
from these points the South is supplied with for-
eign or northern manufactures. Sir, the condi-
tion of the South is strictly one of colonial de-
pendence. She produces the very staples of
comtiieice; she has fine harbors, fine timber for
ship-building; in a word, every material element
of commerce; but they arc of no avail. The ig-
norance and barbarism of slavery have doomed
her to an inferior and dependent condition.
The colonial history of New England and other
northern States is a histpry of severe and heroic
struggles with primeval nature. They had none
of the advantages which the South enjoyed. They
produced nothing which was not grown to equal
advantage in Europe, with the exceptions of lum-
ber and fish. The people had little to export,and
therefore little to buy with. They were compelled
-to resort to their own ingenuity for the supply of
their wants; and hence arose those diversified
employments of agriculture, commerce, and the
mechanic arts, which have conferred wealth and
independence upon the free States. Even their
superior education and literature may be traced
to this humble origin—to the necessity of minis-
tering to their own wants. The wealthy slave
proprietors were able to educate their sons at Ox-
ford or Cambridge, and therefore neglected, in a
great measure, the establishment of schools and
colleges at home. The northern people, too poor
to imitate the example of their southern neigh-
bors, but being imbued with the love of knowl- I
edge, set about building institutions of learning j
on this side of the Atlantic, and the establishment i
of common schools for all classes. The result has
been to foster a universal love of learning among
the people, to found institutions of learning which
command the respect of the civilized world, and
a literature which, in little more than two centu-
ries from the date of the first settlement at' Piy-
moth Rock, begins to take rank by the side of
that of the mother country.
Sir, this diversity of employments, which is an
essential element of civilization and progress, had
its germ in the poverty of the northern colonies,
and it is now the glory and strength of the em-
pire. It has kept population more at homeland
caused the accumulation of large masses in cities
and towns. Since the Revolution,\he incidental,
and sometimes direct, protection, extended by
the Federal Government to manufactures, has
i tended to promote this diversity of employment
! and concentration of population. Thepropagand-
S ists of slavery should, above all other people,
. advocate the protective policy; since its effect is
| to prevent the emigrating tendency of northern
\ population, which has thwarted their efforts to
carry slavery into Kansas.
But it is a singular fact that the policy of the
South has tended more to the spread of free in-
stitutions than our own northern policy has done.
Sir, what has that southern policy been? It has
j been to break down, or keep down, our manu-
| factoring system, by withholding the protection
! which is essential to its existence. Free trade
| has never been literally adopted in this country;
i and we have therefore to conjecture its full effects
! upon our mechanical and manufacturing interests.
| But I think the free-trade theorists will agree
i with me that it would produce a general disper-
| sion of the northern town population. It would
I augment the tide of western and southern emi-
! gration, and fill up the Territories with free white
. laborers. The present revenue tariff has been in
' operation a dozen years. We have seen its effects.
They have been only less potent than free trade.
It has crippled our manufactures, prevented the
growth of manufacturing towns in the old States,
and sent our people out in search of new homes
in the Far West. California, in the latitude of
Virginia and the Carolinas, has been made a free
State. Kansas, m the same latitude, has been
rescued from the jaws of slavery. We have at
the same time found a surplus for the peopling
of Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, and Ne-
braska, and are now proposing to oust slavery
from Missouri.
But, sir, another southern measurehas removed
an obstacle to the ascendency of free labor and
free institutions in this Republic. I allude to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. While that
compromise existed, there was a tacit understand-
ing that the line of 36° 30' was to be the bound-
ary line between slavery and freedom. But, sir,
the line has been effaced; and the friends of free-
dom, after an arduous struggle, have succeeded in
placing their right to all territory north of that line
on a foundation more enduring than the isothermal
theories of Governor Walker, or the plighted faith
of the slave power. By its free-trade policy, the
South has imposed upon the North the necessity
of emigration, and, by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise line, they invite us into their terri-
torial heritage. We have lost nothing by your
bad faith; and, in the name of the free people of
the country, of all parties and sections, 1 thank
you for the act, though not for the motive which
prompted it. We will take you at your word
We will go into your goodly land and possess it,
once yours by compromise, but now as much
ours as yours by your bad faith.
I am the advocate of a protective* tariff, and I
think the present tariff ruinously low; but if you
think it too high, reduce it, and establish free
trade. The effect will be to injure us of the older
States, of Pennsylvania, of 3$ew England, New
York, New Jersey, and Ohio; but what we lose
in wealth and prosperty the North will gain in
political power. Break up our factories and work-
shops, and our population will emigrate to the
western Territories, crowd out slavery, and make
free States of them. Our population will invade
Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, and
Virginia, and transform them into free States.
Commerce, too, will be unduly stimulated, thus
affording additional facilities to European emi-
gration to this country; and we may expect to see
an influx of five or six hundred thousand per an-
