328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•M,
35th Cong,...1st Sess.
free constitution. Do we find them contending
then that no enabling act was necessary? that it
made no difference whether a legal census had
been taken or not? that she should be admitted,
though her constitution reeked with fraud, and
the rights of her people had been trampled under
foot by armed invaders? No! But, upon the
passage of the bill admitting California as a State,
a protest was entered upon the Journal of the
Senate, protesting against its passage, for these,
among other reasons:
"First. That it gave tho sanction of law, and thus im-
parted validity to an unauthorized action by a portion of
the inhabitants of California.
" Second. Without any legal census, or other evidence
of their possessing the number of citizens necessary toau-
thoiizc the representation they may claim.
" Third. Without any of those safe^uaids about the bal-
lot-box, which can only be provided by law, and which are
necessary to ascertain the true sense of a people.
" Fourth. As 1 not having t uiTiciont evidence of its (the
constitution) having tho assent ot a majority of the people
for whom it was signed.' "
The protest was signed by J. M. Mason and
R. M. T. Hunter, of Virginia; A. P. Butler and
R. W. Barnwell, of South Carolina; II. L.Tur-
ney, of Tennessee; Pierre Soule, of Louisiana,
Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi; D. R. Atchison,
of Missouri; Jackson Morton and D. L. Yulee,
of Florida. All Democrats.
Here was a case attempted to be made against
the admission of California, which actually ex- '•
ists in regard to Kansas, only a thousand times
stronger than was even pretended then. Then it !
was objected, against the admission of California, !
that there was <{ no sufficient evidence that tho !
constitution had the absent of a majority of the peo-
ple for whom it was signed." If there was no such ,
evidence, this was a reason, and a good reason, |
for its rejection. i
But how is it in the case of Kansas? What say
Senators Mason and II untkk and Jefferson Da- !
\ is to the Leeompton constitution in that respect?
There is not only no pretense thnf it is sanctioned '
by a majority of the people of Kansas, but, on 1
the other hand, although not su'mufted to tho ,
people by the convention that framed it, as the ,
President pledged himself that it should be, at a ,
submission of it by the legally-constituted Leg id- '
lature of the Territory, it was voted down by a ;
large majority of her people. And the evidence |
of this is not disputed orgamsayed. And yet, :
where are the solemn protests of Senators against :
the consummation of this gross outrage upon tho ;
rights of the people? Ay, more than thif, these
same Senators are attempting to drag Kansas into :
the Union now against the earnestremonstrane.es ■
of her people, and over the ruins of the Demo- !
eratic doctrine of popular sovereignty, which j
brought the present Administration into power! '
But, sir, to return to tins charge of slavery agi- j
tauon against the Noith. Tin1 intense excitement;
in 1850, growing out of the admission of Cahfor- '
nia, was allayed by tho passage of the compto- '
mine measures, and the country once more settled I
down into a state of repose. The Democratic, ;
party, in convention st Baltimore, when General '
Pierce was nominated for thePresidency, resolved j
that the compromise measures were a finality, and 1
that henceforth there should be no further agita-
tion of the slavery question, " whether in or out
of Congress." The Whig and Democratic parties ■
both were pledged in the same way; and General ;
Pierce, in his first message, after congratulating ,
the country on the happy state of quiet which ■
then existed on thU vexed question, used these !
remarkable words: j
" Thai Ihn •n'potc is not to be disturbed my o^h'ial
teun, \i in my po'ocr to prevent il. those who placed here
may icU assured.'3
Mr. Chairman, how was that repose disturbed?
And who is responsible for the icopemng of this
fearful agitation of the slavery question ? Sir, let
those who were instrumental in repealing that
time-honored compact, which had stood for over
thirty years, made between your fathers and mine [
in 1820, answer. '
The repeal of the Missouri compromise was tho
cause of the agitation that exists to-day in refer- :
ence to Kansas and the Leeompton constitution,
and every intelligent person in the countiy knows !
it. It was sprung upon the country, as this Le- !
compton swindle m, at the advent of a new Ad-
ministration, in the h"'in that quiet would be re- '
Slavery Agitation, etc.—Mr. Tappan.
stored before another presidential election should
come round. The hope was vain. That imqui-
: tous measure crushed the late Administration,and
came well nigh crushing the Democratic party
; with it! The consummation of the scheme, by
■ the passage of Leeompton—and I believe it will
I be so, whether it passes or not—will, in my judg-
ment, not only rum the Administration, but n
will sink the party so deep that no bubble will
rise to mark the spot where it went down.
But, sir, although the real object of repealing
; the Missouri compromise was perfectly apparent,
, which object was to make Kansas into a slave
1 State or State3, still the repeal was carried under
| pretense of inaugurating the great idea of" pop-
: ular sovereignty;" and the whole design of the
Nebraska bill, as it was said, was to let the peo-
ple "/om their own institutions in their otcmcatj
That this was a mere pretext, subsequent events,
and, more than anything else, this Leeompton
constitution, have fully shown. As long as it was
supposed that slavery would be tho gainer, " pop-
1 ular sovereignly" was good enough Demociatie
doctrine; but now, when it is known that if the
matter is fairly left to the people of Kansas, the
result will be favorable to liberty, the doctrine of
popular sovereignty is abandoned; and, in face
of promises and pledges and platforms, the con-
stitution is not submitted to the people, ami they
aio denied the right to " form their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way."
Sir, this bill for tho admission of Karnes under
the Leeompton constitution, m tho lace of frauds
the most glaring nnd palpable, when it is not even
pretended that it has received the assent of a ma-
jority of the people, is a vital blow at the greot
fundamental principle winch underlies all repub-
lican governments, to wit: the right of t ho people
to make the constitution under which ihoyare to
live. It strikes at the very existence of popular
rights, and, if enacted into a pieced< tit, will be-
come a landmark from whence we may di'e the
overtlnow of democratic institution;?, nnd the es-
tablishment of despotic power in their st-val.
So sacred and essential is this ri^bf of the peo-
ple to pass upon their fundamental law reloaded,
that m my irjtate not only has the constitution
always been nibmitfed to the people for ratiiica-
tion, but. by its provisions no revision or alteia- ;
lion of that instrument can be mud-* unless the i
same.shall belaid before the peop'e, and approved !
by two ihiuis of the qualified voiei^ pietfent and [
voting on the subject. Let the pr ople uf thatand '
other S-ato3 of this Union, who h ue so zealously j
gunided their own rights, see whither this coun- !
tiy is tending under the mie of a false and spu- [
rious Democracy. |
Mr. Chairman, it has id ways been contended by ;
the Democratic leaders and presses at the Noith,
that Kansas would be a bee Suite, and that H i
never could, in any event, come mio the Union a? !
a slave .State. To show bow thiN was understood ,
m m v own State, I quote «in editin ml a. tide fi oin ■
the j\rew ilampshtie I'utriot, of October J .-h 1854:
" The Win? ami Abolition mrit it or-"" .no eon-.iaiuh dee] ir- ■
nig that slave* aio being carued into Kan^a? and .Wlua.-ka ;
by liundmN. Thi-> h undoubtedly fatae. lor tillable ne-
couuts eoneur in stating that few, if any, M,i\cs lta\ e been '
canted these; and this is hkelj to be'the oa-se, fioi.i the
tact tiiat ere j  / slave cart led thei e hccomes in lew <t ft cuian \
the moment he sets his foot upon the mhI ot e.thei oftho*e
'i'ei t norie^. Tin- !•- the l;i\v ; and Jt i* not ve v piohable
tli.it the on nets of ^-hve^ will t tin the meat i i-k involved in
c.urjni? them whero they will be now nee, m the hope th'U !
Mili-icquuii le i^!iUion will jnve them the po\\e< to hold !
them a< slaves /\1! adhnt tn<it theie j; no law t^leiaunj* i
slavery in these Teintoiic^; and, in the absence of vueli
law, rdavery is illegal. 'J'lic doctune i.> well c-tab!i-hed I
that slaveiy can e.\i-t only b\* po-iuve law; tnat, without a '
pOMtn (x law pel mittius it, - >!<i\ ety ran no mors: exi^t tjian i
a man can bnaithe u uhout air.5 Tiiejeioie, vlnvery cannot
ex^t, not a f>!ave ean bt; lewdly held in Kaii>;)s or Nebni^ka,
until the liejji^laturo of fheTenitoiy enacts a law e-tab- '
JMnn? shivery. Tliat tins is the law. we have both the 1
deei-oon* of the highest courts and judges in the land, and
{he opinionr' of the iiKHt eminent >tatec.men. We will quote
a lew of tlu-i^e decmon«, since Abolition and Win? editors
aie l.iboimy ho z^alou-lv to make the people believe that
tin* s-3 not llie sealed deemae.''
The Patriot, then quotes a long list of judicial
decisions m support of this position.
But, sir, as I have said, this old doctrine that 1
slavery is local—the creature of positive law, and
of no validity beyond the range of that law—and 1
which had been so decided by a long series of
judicial decisions, from that of the famous Som-
mcrsett case in England, down to that of the case
Ho. of Reps.
I of Pr'igg vs. The Stale of Pennsylvania, decided by
the Supreme Court of tho United States m this
, country, has now been repudiated and overturned,
i and the dogma of Mr. Calhoun, that slavery can
I go anywhere by virtue of the Constitution, has
| been set up in its place. When this doctrine was
j first broached in the Senate, it was scouted by
| Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, and other leading minds
] of the nation; but to-day it is the test question
; in the Democratic creed of this country! In 1854,
j Mr. Toombs contended, in a speech in the Sen-
| ate, that slavery was a national institution; and
1 so far as the President can go in declarations to
! that effect, so far as the Democratic party can go
in its leading measure—the admission of Kansas
under the Leeompton constitution—slavery is to-
day as completely nationalized as are the great
fundamental principles of liberty and republic-
i umsm, which have so long been our pride and
boast!
In the last presidential campaign, it was said
everywhere at the North that Kansas would be a
free State, and the Democratic war-cry then was,
{< Huchanan, .Breckinridge, and fiee Kansas!5*
! How these pledges have been redeemed, let
i the President himself answer by the extract from
| his message in which he says that " Kansas is as
\ much a slave Slate to-day as Geo.gia or South Caro-
! lina."
i Again, in his celebrated New Haven letter, he
! says;
' " S/nvcrv called at that peri )d, and still exists in Kansas,
1 under the C)n^ht utivn of the United Stales. This point has
, been at last finulh/ decided by ihe highest tribunal Known lo
■ our la'ri. How it could have ever been seriously doubted, is
| a mystciy.**
■ In his annual mess&ge he says:
1 " Should the constitution without slaveiy be adopted by
, the xotosofthe majoiitv, the mjhn- of pioperty in slaves
now in the Tcnitoiy are. received. The numbm of tinmen*
■ veiyMiiall; but if it weie i;ieatei, the piovi-ion would be
I etpi illy ju*t and reasonable. These slaves v.eie biom;i>t
! iMio the Temtoiy undei the Core-titutmn of the United
St'ite^, rtnd ate now the piopeitv of their master-;. Tins
point ha- at lemnh hern hnaliy decided by the Inchef-t m-
dieuil tiilnniul of the country—and thid upon the plain
I piineiple, that when a confederate' of s-oveieign States ac-
' qune a new teiutoiv at their joint cxnen-c, both equality
and pKstieo demand that the citizens oi one and all oi them
j .-'i«dl have the n^bt io take info it whatever is recognized
1 propeiiy by the common Constitution. To have summa-
i ily eoiili-'Mted the propeiiy m slaves aheady m the Tctii-
toi j, w ould have been an net oi'^ross injustice, and eontiarv
U  the practice oi tne older StaLe^ of the Union which ha\a
ahohslmd blaver}'."
JN"omotterif the number of slaves in Kansas
wore much greater than it really is, the President
fc-ays^tho principle would slid be the same. And
tho right claimed is, that the slaveholder may take
his slaves m tho *ume way that a man may fake
b's horse or his on, go into nny Territory which
the United States may now have, or may hereafter
ncquii e, and theie hold them n-: pi operty under the
Constitution; nnd, further, that v. hen the people
of the Toi 111oi y conio to form n Suite constitution,
they have no power to touch the existing relation
of master and sla\e ! Tins is the legitimate de-
duction from the doctrine of the message. Sir,
if this be so, the question is aheady settled, nnd
there can never be another free State added to this
Union! And this doctrine loaches its eulmma-
img point in the seventh article of this Leeomp-
ton contrivance, which provides as follows:
" Sfc. 1. The light of piopeitv i* before and higher than
any eou-utiuional function ; and the t i^ht ol the 'owner of
a sla\ e to puc h flave and its nicrcasc the i.ime, and as
inviolable, as the right of the owner of any piopeity what-
And this, sir, is the doctrine which the Demo-
cratic partv to-day put foith as a test of patty
fidelity. We shall see what the people of the
free Sutes, when they come to pass upon it, will
have to say m reference to this doctrine, and of
the Administration which sustains it.
Sir, on the 26th day of July, 1856, in a speech
which [ had the honor to make on this floor, I
endeavored to prove that the evident tendency of
the Democratic party was to the abandonment
of the doctrine of " popular sovereignty;" and I
ventured to predict that if the doctrines put forth
by ccrtain southern leaders were indorsed by the
American people in the election of Air. Buchanan,
there would be a decision of the Supreme Court,
sanctioning the Calhoun doctrine that slavery,
under the Constitution, could, ipso facto, go into
any of the Territories, find be protected there;
