280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
fight reserving his most potent weapon for the last
blow, threw at the bill an immense word, which
sent our venerable Secretary of State stunned and
reeling to the dictionaries. He said it was " am-
phibological." But the framers of that bill were
not after parliamentary symmetry or harmony of
outline. Their object was to settle great questions
of strife which threatened the integrity of the
Union; to bind in one compactand durable struc-
ture the equality of the States, the authority of
Congress, and the glorious right of self-govern-
ment; to build a platform on which the rights of
every section in the Union might rise above the
turbulent waters of sectional strife, and proudly
defy all the attacks of fanaticism. In confirma-
tion of the view I have taken, I desire to invoke
the authority of the distinguished publicist and
jurist who is now lending his influence to the en-
emies of the South and of Kansas. Mr. Robert
J. Walker, in his inaugural address as Governor
of Kansas, spealpng of the Lecompton conven-
tion, says:
"That convention is now about to be elected by you,
under the call of the Territorial Legislature ereated, arid
stili recognized by the authority of Con^re&s, and clothed
J)y it, in the comprehensive language ot the organic law,
with full power to make &ilch an enactment. The Terri-
torial Legislative, then,in a-^pinbhngthis convention, were
fully sustained by the act of Congress."
Again, lie says:
" The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
authority knoicn to the Constihihon to paiticipate, fieely
and faiily, m the election of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion and State government. The law has peifoiined its
entire function when it e.ueuds to the people the ngbt of
suffrage: but it cannot compel the peiformanee of that
fluty. Throughout our whole Union, and wherever free
government prevails, those who abstain fioin the exercise
of voting authorize tho^e who do vote to act foi them m
that contingency; and the absentees aie as much bound,
Under the law and Constitution, where theie is no fraud or
violence, by the act of the majority of those who do vote,
as though all had participated in the election."
It is true that the distinguished author of the
bill denies that it.confers any such power. And
yet the very ground upon which lie rests his op-
position to the admission of Kansas seems to
break the moral force of this denial. His position
is, that the Kansas bill intended that the consti-
tution, when adopted, should be submitted to a
direct vote of the people; that this was its intent
and meaning. Now, sir, if the bill went so far as
to prescribe the mode of adopting the constitution,
it certainly contemplated the framing of it. A
constitution cannot be submitted to the people until
it is formed.
Having demonstrated that this convention, as-
sembled to form the constitution, possessed every
attribute heretofore regarded requisite to complete
the work effectually, it is objected that before it
can present a valid title to this Congress, it should
be first submitted, foradoption or rejection, to the
people; not to the peoplewimse delegates framed
it, but to them and such settlers as may have come
into the Territory during its progress to comple-
tion ! In order to show how empty and ridiculous
are the pretexts for rejecting Kansas, 1 propose to
give this argument in the language of its'author.
Speaking of what the President says of the con-
vention at Lecompton, the distinguished gentle-
man to whom I refer, [Mr. Dougj.as,] says:
u The President does not say, he do^s not mean that this
convention had ovei been iceognized by the Congress of
the (/titled States as legal or valid. On the contiary, he
know*, ;i^ we here know, Hint during the last Cong>c*h I
reported a bill fiom the Committee on Temtones to author-
ize the people of Kansas to assemble and loi in a constitution
lor themselves. Subsequently, the Senator from Ueoigia
fxVIr. Toombs-] brought torwaid a sub-Muto for my bdl,
which, alter having been moihiied by imn and nn^elf in
consultation, was pa^ed by the Sennte. It is known m the
country as (the Toombs bill.' It authorized the people of
Kansas Territory to a^sembl" in convention and form a con-
stitution preparatory to their admission into the Union as a
State. That bill, u is well known, was defeated in the
JIou=.<? ofRopjesentativcs. It mutteis not, foi the puipo^e of
tins argument, what wa> the rea. on of its defeat. Whether
the icasoi! wa.s a political one; whether it had refeienee to
the then existing content for the Piesidency: whether it was
to keep open tho slaveiy question ; whether it was a eon-
,fhe$ioh that the bill would not be faniy carried out; whether
ft was because there weie not people enough m Kansas to
justify the formation of a State , no mattoi what the i ea^ou
*yas, the House of Representatives iefu«ed to pa<s that bdl,
-find thus denied to the people of Kansas the turbt to fmm a
constitution and State government at tins time.5'
Proceeding then to discuss the power of the
Territorial Legislature to call a convention, he
concludes as follows:
" 11these principles to the Kansas convention,
you xmd thru u bad no power to do any actas a convention
forming a government; you find that the act calling it was :
null and void from the beginning; you find that tlie "Legis-
lature could confer no power whatever on the convention.3'
Upon a subsequent occasion, defendinghis posi-
tion, he says, as follows:
u In other words, I contended that a convention, consti-
tuted in obedience to an enablingact of Congress previously
giving assent, is a constitutional body of men, with power
and authority to institute government; but that a conven-
tion assembled under an act of the Territorial Legislature,
without the assent of Congress previously given, has no
authority to institute government." * * * *
" Tins was my position in regard to the effect of an en-
abling act. I then went on to show that, there having
been 110 enabling act passed for Kansas, the Lecompton
convention was irregular."
It is rather late in the day for this gentleman to
begin to rectify such irregularities. We need go
110 further back than California. She was be-
gotten by a military general, and forced into the
family of States by the Cesarean operation of an
executive accoucheur. [Laughter.] Yes, s^r, with-
out any previous assent of Congress, without
even the authority of a Territorial Legislature;
without any census; aland of roaming adventur-
ers was lugged into the Union over all law and
precedent, as the coequal of the oldest State of
this Union, because it happened to be a free State.
What then said this stickler for enabling acts and
ratified constitutions? How spoke the putative
father of these latter-day doctrines? Mr. Doug-
las said,in 1850:
" I come now to consider California ;i- a State. The
question is now presented, whcthei we will leceive her as
one of the States of this Union; and. sn, why should we, not
do it? The pioceedings, it is said, in the foimation of hei
constitution «iud State government have been 11 regulai. If
this he so? whose lault is it? Not the people of California,
for you have refused, for the period of two years, to pass a
law m pursuance of which the proceedings would have
been icgular. Surely, j*ou will not punish the people of
California for youi own sins—sins of omission as well as of
conmn>sion.
" It will he recollected by every Senator present—I ttust
the fact will hot be forgotten—that more than one year ago,
1 brought in a bill to authorize the people ol California to
form a State constitution, and to come into the Union. Had
that lull pa^ed, the pioccedings would have been regular.
c; Well, the bill was defeated, and the people of Califor-
nia, achng upon these suggestions and relying upon the
precedents cited, have formed a constitution and presented
themselves lot admission. Now they aie to be told that
they cannot be loeeived, because Congiess faded to pass a
law, and the proceeding are iricgtilar without it. I do not
pieeiM'iy undcisUnd what is meant by the uregularity of
these pioeeedmgs. I have examined the precedents in all
the cases m which new States have been admitted into the
I <rnio i. Horn Yeimont to Wisconsm. 1 will not go ovei them
m detail," See '• Tho*e precedents show that thete i> no
established mle upon the subject. There arc several cases
in which there have been no previous assent of Congiess,
no census taken, no qualifications for voters prescribed.
TJiei e is no rule, and consequently can be no irregularity."
' * * ^ ,k I hold that the people of California
had a right to do what they have done—yea, they had a
moial, political, and legal right to do all they have done."
How different is his language to Kansas ! The
very refusal of Congress to pass an enabling act
for California is urged as a justification of her
monstrous proceedings, and is presented as her
strongest title to admission. But when Kansas
applies, tlie same action by Congress is relied i
upon as an insurmountable obstacle to her admis- 1
sion. The California convention had the perfect |
right, moral, legal, and political, to do what they j
have done. But the Kansas convention, although 1
acti-ng under an act of Congress which pledged
the faith of the nation to her admission as a State,
acting under a regular and legal call of her people,
every safeguard provided, is held to have no power
to do any aet as a convention forming a govern-
ment; that the act calling it was null and void
from the beginning, and that Congress, m refusing
to pass an enablingact, (no matter what the mo-
tive,) denied to the people the right to form a con-
stitution and State government.
Sir, how are we to reconcilc such glaring incon-
sistency ? There is but one solution, and every
day is riveting it in the southern mind; and that
is, where a State applies for ad mission with a con-
stitution excluding slavery, no irregularity can
be too enormous, no violation of precedent too
marked, no disregard of constitutional procedure ,
too palpable, no outrage can be too enormous for :
its admission asaStateinto the Union; but when j
a State applies for admission with slavery in its !
constitution, no excuse can be too trivial, no pre- \
tense too paltry and ignoble, to keep her out. Sir,'
the direct tendency, and with some the avowed j
object, of all this opposition, is to delay the ad- j
mission of Kansas until she becomes a free State, j
Why do they pursue this course? It is but an f
ofishoot of that damnable policy which has been j
preying upon the vitals oi the South for the last 1
forty years—that of buying peace for the turbu-
lent and fanatical at the expense of the quiet and
orderly. When Missouri applies for admission,
Abolitionism gets up an excitement about slave
territory. For peace sake Congress overleaps
the Constitution, and marks out a line beyond
which slavery shall not go. Abolitionism raves
to be heard in Congress about slavery generally,
and for the sake of peace Congress allows it to
fill the Capitol with Abolition petitions which it
has no power on earth to grant. Abolitionism
hires armed bands to go and drive slaveholders
out of Kansas, and Robert J. Walker, for peace
sake, would hand it over to them. To pacify
a band of rebels, reeking with the blood of south-
ern men, women, and children, to whom he is
indebted for all he is, he turns against his bene-
factors, he violates his pledge, abuses his trust,
disgraces his office, truckles to the vile, tramples
on the just, and scatters the firebrand of discord
throughout Kansas, the Union, and the Capitol.
And Stephen A. Douglas, who was for lassoing
California and dragging her into the Union over
all law and precedent, and the violated rights
of fifteen of the sovereign States of this Union,
would now subject Kansas to all the rigors of the
Inquisition to keep her out of the Union.
But we are told that it is a contempt of the au-
thority of the people of Kansas—that it is-an in-
road upon popular sovereignty to withhold from
them a revision of their constitution. Sir, the au-
thority of the people is fully recognized; popular
sovereignty, as a principle, is fully enforced when
an opportunity'is afforded to the legal voters to
deposit their votes for delegates to a convention.
Are not those delegates the people's representa-
tives ? Is there a lawyer present who would teach
his client that the acts of an authorized agent are
invalid if not submitted for ratification to the prin-
cipal ? Would he toll them that such acts unsub-
mitted would be insulting to the principal's dig-
nity, or intrusive upon his prerogatives ? Would
you say that no respect should be paid to the acts,
or to the principal himself, if he suffered them to
go forth as his own, unratified ? The truth lies just
in the opposite direction. 4'The right of electing
delegates to a convention, "in the language of the
profoundest writer on the philosophy of govern-
ment, " places the powers of the Government as
fully in the mass of the community, as they would
be had they assembled, made, and executed the
laws themselves without the intervention of agents
or representatives."
The people act in their sovereign capacity when
they elect delegates; and the delegates thus elect-
ed, and convened, are, for all practical purposes,
identical with the people. Sir, I take higher
grounds. I hold that the highest embodiment of
sovereignty, the most imposing political assem-
blage known to our constitution and laws, is a
convention of the people legally assembled, not
en masse, for such an assemblage is unknown in
our representative system, but by their delegates,
legally elected. When such a body, with no de-
clared limitation upon their powers, are depu ted to
form a constitution, and they execute their trust,
the constitution, ipso facto, becomes the supreme
law of the land, unquestionable and unchangeable
by any power on earth, save that which ordained
it. This is no novel doctrine. It has the sanction
of the wisest and greatest men known to Ameri-
can histoiy. Mr. Calhoun, speaking of a con-
vention of the people, says it implied "a meeting
of the people, either by themselves or by dele-
gates chosen fc?r the purpose in their high sover-
eign character. It is, in a word, a meeting of the
people in the majesty of their power—in that in
winch they may rightfully make or abolish con-
stitutions, and put up and down governments, at
their pleasure." (Calhoun's "Works, vol. 2, page
G12.) Our piesent Chief Magistrate, in standing
by the action of the Lecompton constitution, is
only acting m accordance with his opinions long
since recorded. In the debate on the veto power,
he Raid:
" The Senator [Mr. Clay] asks, why hag not the veto
been given to the President on acts of conventions held for
the purpose of amending our constitutions ?. It it be neces-
sary to rcstiam Congress, it is equally accessary to restrain
conventions. Tho answer to this argumcntis equally easy.
It would be absurd to grant an appeal through the interven-
tion of the veto to the people themselves against their own
acts They create conventions by virtue of their own
undelegated and inalienable sovereignty; and when they
speak, their servants, whether legislative, judicial, or exec-
utive, mu&t be silent."'
