1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
Such was the convention of Lecompton, and
the constitution it presents was established under
laws, Federal and territorial, to which every man
in Kansas (except rebels) has given his consent.
These laws direct the election, prescribe the order
of it, the qualification of voters, and the times of
holding the meeting, and the duties and qualifica-
tions of the presiding officer. In this way the dele-
gates were elected. They met; and upon mature
deliberation framed a constitution—a constitution
republican in form, and securing to the people of
Kansas all those great institutions of freedom
which have ever been regarded as the only and
surest bulwarks of civil liberty. "Violating no law,
inconsistent with no principle of the Federal Con-
stitution, it preserves and guaranties to the peo-
ple of Kansas all the great agencies of freedom,
the right of habeas corpus, trial by jury, freedom
of the press and speech, and liberty of conscience,
as inviolate and pure as when they were first
given to us, baptized in the blood of our revolu-
tionary fathers. Now, sir, can a greater insult be
offered to the understanding of the American peo-
ple than to say that a constitution thus established
would gain anything of credit or sanctity by a
ratification like that contended for ? I grant that
the people, through the legislature, may reserve
to themselves the right of ratification, or the del-
egates may recognize it in the constitution itself;
and in either case a ratification would become
necessary to tho validity of the instrument; hut
without those terms it would become absolute as
soon as sanctioned by the delegates.
I go further. I boldly maintain that wisdom,
prudence, and policy demand that the delegates
should be entirely untrammeled in framing the
fundamental law. The people in mass cannot
deliberate upon a constitution, adopt what is good,
and amend what is faulty in it. They must adopt
or reject it, in tho entire; and thus, on account of
objections to a single clause, they might reject the
most admirable constitution ever devised by the
wisdom of man. The radical error which under-
lies the whole argument of these gentlemen is
this: they assume that there is a general agree-
ment of opinion, a collective sentiment of the peo-
ple, as a unit, as to what shall be the principles
and provisions of their fundamental law, and that
this common sentiment is to be ascertained only
by a direct vote of the people. And yet, sir, such
a course might result in a grave and capital delu-
sion. If a method could be devised forcollecting
the opinion of each citizen upon each clause of
a constitution, the diversities of sentiment would
be equal to the number of voters, and, perhaps,
greater. The theory of ratification, however, does
not allow to the people the right of framing a
constitution, or even offering amendments and
modifications. They can only, like a witness on
cross-examination, answer "yea" or "nay."
And I repeat, a constitution which might stand
an imperishable monument of human wisdom,
could be voted down by an immense majority, of
which each individual member.might be in an
actual minority on the particular subject-matter
of his dissent. Such a process, so far from evok-
ing the general pervading sentiment of a people
as to what shall be their fundamental law, may
signally fail in eliciting the true view of a single
individual.
A distinguished Senator has laid down the
proposition that, under the power to admit new
States Congress is forced by a paramount duty
to see that the constitution of a State asking ad-
mission into the Union embodies the will of the
majority of the people. Sir, I hold that a consti-
tution presented by the regular and legally con-
stituted authority is conclusive upon Congress as
to the will of a people. We will not allow any
such issue to be presented. We assert the right
of the people to form their Government; but we
hold, and I think 1 have already shown, that the
highest and purest exhibition of their sovereign
will is a people acting by their own chosen dele-
gates in convention assembled. The Federal Gov-
ernment, and half of the States of this Union,
were formed in this way, and they need no im-
provement from the constitutional tinkering of
this day.
To object that the convention may have abused
its powers, and that the constitution should be
submitted to a direct popular vote, in order thatit
may be ascertained whether it accords with the
will of the people, is to beg the question, and to
strike at the very root of all constitutional and
legal authority. It is an objection not to the con-
stitution of Kansas alone, but to the very genius
and framework of all representative government.
Upon the same ground that a constitution framed
by delegates should be submitted to the people, it
may also be demonstrated that every law enacted
by Congress, or by a legislature, and that every
verdict by a jury, or decision of a court, should
likewise be submitted for the approval of the
people. Sir, a delegate may misrepresent the
people, a Senator or Representative may misrep-
resent bis constituents, out the remedy does not
lie here in this central power of the Republic,
(more liable to abuse than any other,) it lies in
the hands of the local constituency, to whom the
representatives are immediately responsible. And
here lies the efficacy and power of our form of
Government. The direct responsibility of our
rulers to their constituents, the right of suffrage
among the people, aided by that great moral en-
gine of freedom, the liberty of the press, are
the vis inedlcatrix naturae of our political system,
sufficient to remedy every disorder and throw off
every impurity, without resorting to violent irreg-
ularity and revolutionary action.
Wnen a State applies for admission, Congress
is bound to subject her to no restrictions except
such as Congress may constitutionally impose
upon the States already composing the Union.
There is hut one limitation which you are bound
to impose, and that is, that her form of govern-
mentshould be republican. But,under the power
to guaranty a republican form of government,
you have not the right to range with unlimited
discretion through every provision of her consti-
tution, interfere with her internal and local distri-
bution of political power, adjust questions of ma-
jority and minority, lay down arbitrary rules of
your own as to what constitutes republican gov-
ernment, and, by compelling her to conform to
them, substitute the will of Congress for hers as
to what shall be her fundamental law. Are not
the constitutions of the original thirteen States
pretty fair tests as to what constitutes republican
government? Can any one say that the Kansas
constitution, tried by this test, the only one which
you can rightfully apply, is not a republican form
of government? Where is the feature in it con-
trary to our republican institutions, or repugnant
to the paramount Constitution of the Union ?
We are told by a distinguished gentleman that
he would " pass over forms, ceremonies, and
organizations, to get down deep to the will of the
people." Sir, the will of the people can only be
obtained through these forms, ceremonies, and
organizations; and the structure of our Govern-
ment is intended to provide these forms and or-
ganizations, through which the people can speak
authentically and authoritatively. What can he
mean by passing over and disregarding these
forms? Tbe Constitution of the United States is
a form. Times, places, and manner of holding
elections, and qualifications of franchise, are but
forms, through which the people exercise their
power. This matchless Government, springing
from the Constitution and the division of power
between the Federal and State Governments, is
but an organization. Would he passoverall these
to get down to what he sees proper to consider
the will of the people? The doctrine is mon-
strous, dangerous, and disorganizing. It gives to
the action of regular government no more author-
ity than belongs to an ordinary, voluntary assem-
blage of citizens, outside of the Constitution and
law. If these views be correct, we had better, at
once, tear down this splendid fabric of American
architecture, and discard conventions, Legisla-
tures, and Congresses, as inconvenient, cumbrous
superfluities, and resort at once to the demociatic
absolutism of Athena. The doctrine has been in
Europe omnipotent for pulling down forms, cere-
monies, and organizations, but powerless for re-
construction; like those serpents in the East,
which,while they inflict adeath-blow,breathe out
their own life m the wound of their dying victim.
We were told by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] that the constitution is not republican in
form, because it prohibitsamendment, alteration,
or change, until after 1864, and then hampers the
perfectly free action of the people by requiring a
majority of two thirds of the Legislature to con-
cur before they will allow the majority to call for
amendment. But the climax of anti-republican-
ism is the provision that " no alteration shall be
made to affect the rights of property in the owner-
ship of slaves:" a doctrine that would tumble into
irretrievable ruin the Federal Constitution, and
the constitutions of half the States in the Union,
including that of the gentleman's own State; for
there is not one of these which does not Contain
as stringent and dilatory limitations as are found
in this Kansas constitution. The argument by
which he supports this view is, that the " Democ-
racy, as taught in Ohio, believes in the-repeat-
ability of everything by the popular voice." Da
the Democracy of Ohio consiaer the clauses off
the Constitution securing all those great rights,
such as freedom of speech, freedom of the press,
liberty of conscience, inviolability of property,
repealable by the popular will? Do the Democracy
of Ohio believe in the repealability of that clause
guarantying the right of a State to equality of
representation in the Senate of the United States?
This may be Democracy in Ohio; but I hope it
is a Democracy confined to Ohio alone. It may
be Republicanism,but it is not the constitutional
republicanism of America; it is the red republi-
canism of France. The very tenure by which
the gentleman exercises the privilege of uttering
these objections against the Kansas constitution,
is an oath to support a Constitution liable to theiii
all; a Constitution imposing the heaviest restric-
tions on the power of amendment; a Constitutioa
whose framers intended it, not as an instrument of
power, but as an instrument of protection agairfst
power.
It would be well for these gentlemen to consider
when, and by whom, this particular mode of
adopting a constitution, which they insist is the
only true mode, was first established. It was not
by the fathers of this Republic—the men of 1776.
The Federal Constitution was not submitted for
adoption to a direct vote of the people, nor were
the constitutions of the Old Thirteen. The first in-
stance in modern times, so far as my researches
go, was the constitution of 1799, which was sub-
mitted to the people of France, and accepted by
a vote of three million to fifteen hundred. This
was in accordance with the teachings of Rous-
seau—the doctrine of unlimited, indivisible, un-
delegated power of the people—a doctrine almost
identical in terms to that upon which the opposi-
tion to the admission of Kansas rests. What was
the result? The sovereignty of the people was
established and recognized, the King was be-
headed, the nobility were banished, the religion^
abolished, property confiscated, and France con-
verted into one moral and political volcano, from
the conflict of whose discordant elements arose
the demon of centralization and military despot-
ism, the rod of whose power smote down u-H the
valuable rights of the people, and the cherished
interests of humanity. It was during the prog-
ress of this fanatical and bloody drama, that one
of its most conspicuous and sanguinary actors,
appalled by the magnitude of the power which
he had invoked, exclaimed: " Do you not see the
project of appeal to the people tends but to destroy
the representative body? It is sporting with the
sovereign majesty of the people, to return to it a
work which it charges you to terminate prompt-
ly."
The next constitution submitted to the people
was tho consulate constitution, confirming- upon
Napoleon Bonaparte [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Chairman, I rise
not for the purpose of indulging in declamation,
but simply to discuss, in a legal manner, the points
which have been in controversy before this com-
mittee. The venerable gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Q,uitman,] distinguished alike for his
military glory and his ability as a statesman, has
assumed the position upon this floor, that the law
of nations does not prevent our citizens from
banding themselves together to invade the terri-
tories of other nations with which we are at peace.
Prom that position I entirely dissent._ He also
contends that the Constitution of the United'States
does not grant to Congress any power whatever
to pass a law to prevent our citizens from these
aggressions. From this I also dissent. I enter
my protest-against both these positions. They
are not correct. It is a strange doctrine for a
statesman to advocate, that when wo have con-
cluded a treaty of peace with another nation, that
treaty is binding only on our Government, and not
upon our people; that the treaty of peace amounts
