THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
information in ?ny one State in less than four
months, even if lie devoted the whole force of his
office to it.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it at present,
the committee are considering questions in connec-
tion with public lands in Kansas and Nebraska,
which these map clerks have never reached as yet.
if the Committee on Public Lands, with the gen-
tleman from Michigan, can consider these ques-
tions in an enlightened way at present, when there
is not a map to indicate the land which has been
sold or reserved, why, then, is there a necessity
for keeping up these clerks, and entailing expense
upon the country?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I will answer the gen-
tleman right here. We are now acting in the
Committee on Public Lands in reference to land
grants in Kansas and Nebraska. "VVe are utterly
in the dark. We have no means of knowing any-
thing about the quantity of land which will be
taken under the proposed grants. And heie I
wish to say that the resolution of 1848, under
which these clerks were appointed,confines their
action to the States in which there are public
lands. They are not authorized to make these
maps for the Territories; and before this session
terminates, I propose to offer a resolution to ex-
tend that work to the Territories, as well as the
States.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand it, they
have had nine clerks for a long series of years;
and if these clerks have not made headway enough
to keep up with .the progressive spirit of legisla-
tion in granting lands for railroad purposes, why
does not the gentleman propose to wait until they
do set up with them ?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I have said that they
were not authorized to make maps for the Terri-
tories. They have made and finished their maps
of the States up to this time.
Mr. LETCHER. IT they were not authorised
to make maps for the Territories, 1 take it that, if
the gentleman cannot legislate in an intelligent
way without these maps, he is not doingjusticc to
himself or to the House when be is undertaking
to legislate on the public lands in Kansas and Ne-
braska.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The question of whether
I am domgjustice to the country or to this House,
in my action on the Committee on Public Lands,
with the lights 1 have, is not to be answered here,
and it does not come into this controversy. It
has nothing to do with this controversy.
Mr. LETCIIER. When tin: gentleman un-
dertakes to lay down a pioposuion, I have the
rigiit to use that proposition in the way of argu-
ment, and show that the conclusion at which he
arrives is not warranted by the facts in the case.
That is all I have to do. The gentleman started
outwiththo proposition that without these cletks
they could not get along intelligently in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I ask him, then, how
they arc getting along now, when these clerks
have not reached that point where their informa-
tion can be used ?
Then, the gentleman says that his course is not
a subject of criticism. 1 am not subjecting his
course to criticism, but I atri taking his own po-
sition, for the purpose of showing that that very
argument upon which he rehos proves clearly
and conclusively that these clerks are of precious
little use.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman persists
in misunderstanding or misrepresenting me. I
say that the labor of these clerks has been of im-
portant service to the Committee on Public Lands.
The maps upon which they have bestowed their
labor arc of service to me daily, and whether the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. McQueen]
derives advantage from them or not, is not for me
to say. We are called to act on land questions
every day, and frequently, without these maps,
we are compelled to act entirely in the dark, so
far as knowing the quantity of land we are grant-
ing. In no instance have we the means of know-
ing- the -amount of land the Government holds,
through which roads areproposed to be run, with-
out these maps.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand that mat-
ter, so far as these railroad grants are concerned
in the States, they undertook to equalize them in
the last Congress, and* to designate the quantity
of lund that was to ke appropriated for railroad
purposes; and if there has been an equality pro-
duced in this way, it seems to me that these land
clerks cannot be of the least service, unless it is
intended to give the remainder of the land besides.
If that is to be done, it appears to me that it
should be done with as little expense as possible.
I hope the Senate amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am opposed to
the amendment proposed by the Senate, and I
thought that, after the discussion we had on the
subject in committee, the deliberate opinion of this
House was expressed on this question on the bill
as it passed this House.
11 will be recollected that upon the report of the
Committee on Public Lands, the number of clerks
to be employed upon these land maps was re-
duced from nine, to one draughtsman and four
clerks. 1 have, myself, in examinations concern-
ing land matters m the State of Missouri, derived
great benefit from aconsultation of the maps which
were being prepared for that State. I know that
not long since important information was derived
from draughtsmen having in charge these maps,
in relation to the question of the discontinuance
of some land offices in the State of Missouri; and
that information caused a change in the action of
the land department.
Mr. MeGUJEEN. I would ask the gentleman
if the same information could not have been ob-
tained at the public land office?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 will state this
fact in reply to the gentleman; that information
was obtained fiom the General Land Office, and
upon that information it was thought proper that
certain land offices in the State of Missouri should
be discontinued, because it was supposed that the
amount of public land undisposed' of in that dis-
trict was below the limit fixed by law. But upon
subsequent information obtained from Mr. Park-
er, who is the draughtsman having the maps in
charge, and also from suggestions from the local
land offices, the Co rnmissioner of the General Land
Office was satisfied that a mistake had been made,
and thcrefoie he recommended a continuance of
the land offices 1 have referred to. The same in-
formation could have been obtained from the Gen-
eral Land Oflice, but would have required more
tune to obtain it.
I am, therefore, opposed to the adoption of the
amendment of the Senate, and in favor of the con-
tinuance of these land-map clerks for at least one
year longer.
1 deanc to see the maps perfected which are
now nearly completed. We know that the very
large entry of lands, by cash and land warrants
for a few years past, must have rendered it very
difficult for these clerks to keep up the land maps
without the employment of additional force by
the Clerk of this Ilouse to bring those maps up
to the present state of the land business.
Mr. COBB. The Clerk of this House has not
employed any additional clerks.
Mr. PH i£LlJS, of Missouri. I referred to the
predecessor of the present Clerk.
The question recurring on cuiicuning in the
Senate amendment,
Mr. RUFFIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ci.f.mens,
and Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 39, noes 79.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MASON. 1 move to amend this section,
in reference to these land-map clerks, by adding
to it the following proviso:
Provided, That the clerks shall not be compelled to re-
mam m Washington
The CHAIRMAN. The Clmir would suggest
that the motion which the gentleman made to
amend, by adding at the end of the section, would
not be in order.
Thirteenth amendment:
Inseitthe following:
For procuring manute, tool?, fuel, repairs, purchasing
trees and shiubs foi botanic garden, to be expended under
the direction of the Libraiy Committee of<Jongiess, $2,1300.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in that amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question at this point.
Here are three amendments in reference to the
green-houses. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that the first and second
amendments be non-concurred in, and that the
third amendment, which provides for reglazing
the green-houses, be agreed to. Now, if the first
two amendments are rejected, there will be noth-
ing with which to pay the salaries of the horti-
culturist and his assistants, or to procure manure
or tools and. fuel to keep the plants alive. I de-
sire to know what is the use of glazing the green-
houses if you do not provide means to keep the
plants alive and have them taken care of? For
myself, I have shown by my votes here that I am
as much opposed to unnecessary expenditures as
any member of the House; but I think these
green-houses a fair and legitimate portion of the
ornaments of our Capitol grounds, and in much
better taste than many ornaments which wc have
voted money to pay for. I think that if we re-
glaze the green-houses we ought to vote some-
thing to pay the persons who attend to them, and
to keep the plants alive. I, therefore, hope the
House will concur in these amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The reason why
the committee recommended a concurrence in the
third of these amendments is, that the glass m
these green-houses was destroyed by the great
hail-storm last summer.
Mr. PETTIT. I have but a word to say upon
this subject, and shall not detain the committee
long. It was by an omission on the part of the
Committee on the Library, the estimate not being
then complete, that these provisions were not in-
serted in the bill when it was pending in the
House. I had supposed that it was the purpose
of the Committee of Ways and Means to make
provisions for all those expenditures that areleg-
ularly prescribed by law. My impression has
been, both from the steady course of legislation
upon this subject, and from the manner in which
the estimates have been made, that there could be
no doubt that these provisions come within that
rule.
To show that these subjects are provided for
by law, with deference to the opinion of that com-
mittee, I refer to the following clause of the appro-
priation act of June 17, 1S44, for civil and diplo-
matic expenses:
'• To defray the expenses-of taking cme of and preserving
the botanical and ho«tuwJnuj| hpecmienri btousin home bv
the exploring expedition, and 101 the salary of the keeper of,
and enlarging, the green-house, under the dneetion .md con-
trol of tin; Joint Committee on the Library, $2,-200 "
This clause not only makes an appropriation,
but is original and permanent legislation; for it
makes an officer, prescribes his duties, and sub-
jects him to control; and subsequent appropria-
tions, and the estimates of the present year, have
been made accordingly.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I may, perhaps,
save time by saying to my friend from Indiana
that no issue is made about the legality of these
provisions. The committee did not report against
them on that, ground.
Mr. PETTIT, With this understanding, then,
I have nothing further to say, and hope the amend-
ment of the Senate will be concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment unless some gentleman can show me that it
has something or other to do with one of the de-
partments of the Government provided for in this
bill. I am not aware that the legislative depart-
ment of the Government has to be manured,
[laughter,] or the executive or the judicial depart-
ment, or that they want tools. These botanic
gardens might be made useful; but they are now
a sort of pet concern in the hands of the flower-
pot committee of the Senate. [Laughter.] I think
the flowers must be sold to those men who sell
bouquets about the city. I know I never can get
a solitary flower there. I am told I must get'an
order from a Senator. The whole thing is got up
here for the purpose of giving out flowers to par-
ticular favoi ites; and I do not want to have to go
to .my Senator or anybody else for an order when
I want a flower. I hope the amendment will be
disagreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire merely to no-
tice a passing remark made by the gentleman from
Georgia. I think he does the superintendent of
the green-houses grcatmjustice when he supposes
for a moment that he has sold bouquets to the
bouquet venders of the city of Washington. I
am acquainted with that individual; I have fre-
quently met him, and had pleasant and agreeable
associations with him; and I should do injustice to
my own feelings if I were to hear an imputation
