282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
only to a compact which binds the powers of this
Government, but not the powers of the people. I
maintain that the true doctrine is, that when our
Government is at peacc with a nation, every citi-
zen is also at peace with that nation; that what
the nation cannot do, no citizen can do.
The Government of the United States cannot
invade the territories of that nation, nor can any
citizen of this Government invade them. The
treaty of peace is as broad as the nation, and em-
braces every individual in it; and not only every
citizen, but every resident of the country is bound
by that treaty of peace. Nobody has any more
right to violate it than the nation itself.
The gentleman says that the Government has
no right to interfere in the case of individuals
who go from one country to attack another na-
tion. I deny it. I say that this nation is bound
for every individual in it who attempts acts of
hostility against a nation with which we are at
peace. If a man in Canada should arm himself,
and pass into our border with the intention of
attacking our countrymen and violating the peace
of the land, it would be as much the duty of the
authorities of Canada to interfere as if that man
had arrayed around him a thousand men, armed
like himself. We are bound for the act of every .
citizen within our limits. Every individual within |
our limits is bound by our treaties of peace; and j
when we arc at pcace with a nation, every indi- j
vidual under the Government is also at peace i
with it. No one has rights as an individual which |
we have not as a nation; and we have none as i
a nation which do not belong to each one as an j
individual. J
It would be a monstrous and dangerous doc- j
trine, indeed, to promulgate in this Union, that j
when we are at peace with another nation,our citi- :
zens can band themselves together to attack that
nation notwithstanding (he treaty of peace. It
would be a monstrous doctrine to teach that one
man, or twenty men, or ten thousand men, or the
vast millions who people our extended domains,
can arm themselves, with the gemleman as their
leader,if you please,and march in a body to attack
a neighboring nation with which we have a treaty
of peacc. I care not, however, whether there is
a treaty o( pcace existing between us and that nation
or not; it matters nothing in the argument. Peace
is the natural condition of a nation; it is the natural
relation which one nation hears to another, and
war is the unnatural condition. And whether
thue is a treaty or not, still our citizens have not
the right, unless theie is a declaration of war, to
march armed bands into another country to violate
its law.s and inak<> war upon its citizens.
Mi. CiUlTAl AN. Will the gt.iuleman from
Pennsylvania pnmit 1110 for a moment to state
that I took no such position. I contend simply
for this position: that it is no violation, where
there is peace between two nations, for an indi-
vidual, or for a number of individuals, to commit
hostility against the individuals of the other na-
tion—not against the nation itself. And 1 ask the
gentleman li he recognizes the authority of Vattel,
one of the ablest wiiteis on the law of nations?!
He says, book 3, chap. 7, sec. 110:
" The quaru'lf of another cannot depuve ino of the fice
disposition of my lights in the pui-uit of measures winch I
jmljje advantageous to my country. ThereiCMC, when it i-=
a custom in a nation, m order for ernplo\ nig and exercising
it* subject**, to permit levies of tioops m lavor of a Power
in whom it is pleased to confide, the enemy of this Power
cannot call thes-e pel missions ho-tiliuc^'' * * *
<• Uc cannot even claim, with any light, that the like should
he granted him,11 &c. #• * > * The Switxers
grant levies or troops to whom they please, and nobody has
thought ptoper to quauei with them on tins head."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. In reply to the gentle-
man from Mississippi, I beg leave to read further
from the same book. The only difference be-
tween us is, that the gentleman did not read fat-
enough upon the page. If he had read far enough
he would have found the doctrine I was contend-
ing for, and that the law of nations does not sus-
tain the position he assumes. He says:
" See. 72 But, 011 the other hand, the nation or the sov-
ereign ought not to -suffer the citizens to do an injury to the
subjects of another State, much less to offend that State
useil; and this, not osil} because 110 sovctcign ought to per-
mit those who are undei his command to violate the precepts
of the law of nature, winch forbids all injuries,—but ai o
because nations ought mutually to ie«pect each othei, to
abstain from all offense, from ail injury, fiom all wiong,—
in a word, from everything that may be of prejudice to
others. If a sovereign, who"might keep his subjects within
the ru Ics of ju?uce and peaco, j ufl'ei s them to injure a foi eien
nauon, either in its body or its members, he does no less
injuiy to that nation than if he injured it himself. In shoit,
the safety of the State, and that of human societv, requites
this attention from every sovereign. If you let loose the
lcins to your subjects against foreign nations, these will
behave in the same manner to you; and, instead ot that
friendly intercourse which natuie has established between
all men, we shall see nothing but one va«t and dreadful
scene of plunder between nation and nation.''
I adopt the language of the learned writer of
the law of nations as my reply to the gentleman
from Mississippi. Now, sir, we have the law of
nations upon the subject. That being the posi-
tion we occupy towards Nicaragua, the question
arises, what rights and powers have other nations
which are not guarantied to us by our Constitu-
tion? Is it possible, as is contended for, that this
mighty nation is an exception to all other nations
on the globe, and has not the constitutional power
to enforce the law of nations? Is it possible that
American citizens can stand upon the floor of
Congress, and maintain that we are notcompelled
to sustain the law of nations, the obligations of
good faith, and to enforce our treaty stipulations
with other nations ? Is that the position which is
assumed here; and is that the position occupied by
the gentleman from Mississippi? I do not think
that is exactly it. 1 do not think he would go that
far. Having established what the law of nations
provides for, and guards against, then the ques-
tion arises, what rights wo have, and what obli-
gations we arc under. What power have these
United States to guard against the infraction of
the law of nations? It is hardly worth while to
refer members to the Constitution of the United
States; but as it was denied that we had any con-
stitutional power upon the subject, perhaps it is
best to read from that instrument. One of the
provisions of the eighth section of the Constitu-
tion of the United States is:
" Congiess <hall have power to define and punish piracies
and felonies committed upon the high seas, and offenses
against the law of nations
Everything that is an offense against the law of
nations can be provided for and guarded against
by a law of Congress. The power given to Con-
giess is as broad as the law of nations; the whole
subject is under theircontrol. Did they exercisc
it by the passage of the act of 1818 ? The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] contended
that they did not. He contended that no act had
been passed by the Congress of the United States
that would authorize us to make an arrest beyond
a marine league from our own shores. Mark the
extent of it. The law of nations requires that we
shall restrain our citizens from committing ag-
gressions againstotherStates. The Constitution
of the United States provides that we shall have all
the power to enforce the law of nations, and that
Congress can enact a law for that purpose. Con-
gress, in obedience to these requirements of the
Constitution, and to carry out and enforce the law
of nations, passed the act of 1818. One of the
pla.ine.st rub's of interpreting a statute, is to know
the object of the law-making power in enacting a
particular law. If we know the motives which
piompted the legislation, we can easily interpret
the law.
The object which the Congress of the United
States hail in view when they enacted the statute
of 1818, was to carry out the law of nations; and
yet, according to the argument of the other side,
they did not do it. They did not do what they
intended. I say that such an interpretation is
an unfair and an unnatural one. It would not be
the interpretation given by the Congress which
passed that law. They intended to guard against
every infraction of the law of nations by our cit-
izens; they intended to guard against expeditions
being fitted out in the United States for the pur-
pose of carrying war into countries with which
we were at peace. I maintain that the interpre-
tations given to these two sections of the law are
forced and unnatural. It is not the legitimate con-
struction which should be given to them. The law
is divisible into two parts. The first section pro-
vides against expeditions being fitted out within
our own boundaries. Section six reads:
"That if any person shall, within the territory or jurisdic-
tion of the United States, begin or set 011 toot or piovide or
prepare the means for any military expedition or enterprise,
to bo earned on from thence against the teuitory or domin-
ions of any foreign prince or State, or of any colony, dis-
trict, or people, with whom the United States are [at]
peace, every person, so offending, shall be deemed guilty
of a high misdemeanor, and shall be fined not exceeding
§o,000,vand imprisoned not more than three years."
That was intended by Congress to guard against
expeditions being fitted out within our own coun-
try. It was intended to guard against the banding
together of a body of men for the purpose of in-
vading the territories of, and waging war against,
nations with which we were at peace.
There is a further section. If Congress had
stopped at the sixth section there might be some
doubt about the matter. I here beg leave, how-
ever, to explain what is meant by the marine
league about which so much has been said in this
debate. In every civilized nation the sea, within
a marine league of shore, is recognized in law as
land. OfTenscs committed within a marine league
of shore are regarded as offenses, in every sense
of the word, committed upon land. If a man
commits murder within a marine league, he is
tried as though it had been committed upon the
shore. An offense committed anywhere, within
the marine league, is committed on land, and the
offender can be tried according to the provisions
of the sixth section of the act of 1818.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman this question: If the doctrine which he
now maintains be correct, what was the neces-
sity for the sixth section ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I did not hear the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You state that the
jurisdiction of the United States extends to one
marine league, and that offenses committed within
that marine league are the same as offenses com-
mitted on the land.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, what was
the necessity for this Sixth section of the act of
1818?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Itis a mere affirmance
of the common law—a mere affirmance of what
is acknowledged everywhere; inserted, doubtless,
to prevent any doubt as to the jurisdiction of our
courts
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to remind him that, according to the
principles of statutory construction, the law-maker
is never to be presumed as doing an idle or vain
thing?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. This was not a vain
thing. Here is a provision enacted for the
purpose of fixing the jurisdiction of courts, and
of punishing certain offenses committed within
that jurisdiction. But the jurisdiction itself is
another matter. To prevent doubt as to the ex-
tent of jurisdiction possessed by the court, the
common law is affirmed by the statute. To what
offenses does this sixth section of the act extend ?
Why, it extends to all offenses committed within
the limits of our country, or within a marine
league of the shore. This was the common law;
and this section of the act is but in affirmance of
that. It provides, " if any person shall, within
the territonj or jurisdiction of the United State.?,''
&c. Then the question of jurisdiction over of-
fenses arises. This section of the statute settles
the question; for the section of the law clearly
embiaces every offense committed within a ma-
rine league of shore. But the next section was
made for the specific purpose of going beyond the
mere limits of this land jurisdiction—of going
somewhere else, and of doing something else. It
provides thatin every case in which a vessel shall
be fitted out and armed, &c., then the President
of the United States shall have power to do so and
so. In the former case the jurisdiction was in the
court, but this eighth section vests the power in
the President. It provides, after specifying the
offenses embraced in it, as follows:
" In every such case it shall be lawful for the President
of the TTniterl Str/tec, nr ivrh other person as In? shall have
empowered for that purpose, to employ such part of the
land or naval forces 01 the United States, or of the militia
thereof, for the purpose of detaining any such ship or ves-
sel, with its prize or prizes. And aho, for the purpose of
preventing the cariying on of any such expedition or enter-
prise fiom the tern tones or jurisdiction of the United States
against the territories or dominion of any foreign prince or
State, or of any colony, district, or people, with which the
United States aie at peace."
" Carrying on!" The one is to prevent such
an expedition from being equipped, armed, and
oigariized, and the other is for the purpose of
preventing it from being " carried on." What is
the meaning of the phrase " carried on Is its
application confined to within the marine league?
Or does it extend from our shores to the place
where the conflict of war is taking place ? I ask
you whether such an expedition is not being "car-
