APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Revolution in the Law of the Land—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
of the power of the States to admit or reject im-
ported slaves,and the power of' Congress to pro-
hibit, after 1808. How? Through sovereignty,
both in the States and nation—not by special
grant; through that Federal sovereignty which
simply resumed to the Federal Government, when
State sovereignty, in 1808, should be surrendered.
What was this buta recognition of that common-
law maxim, which leaves the sovereignty to pro-
hibit or permit, by positive law? Turn to the
clause in respect to fugitives from service, and
tell me, how is it? Redolent of the common law;
redolent, all over it and ail through it, in the be-
ginning, in the middle, and in the end. Peisons
arc " held to service or labor in one State under
the laws thereofthat is the beginning. Fugitives
in any State are not to be discharged 4t in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein;*' that is
the middle. And service is c* due," by virtue of
the laws of the State from which the persons es-
cape; that is the end.
Sir, hejc is Lord Mansfield's common-law doc-
trine, couched in equivalent woids—in words em-
bracing the entire uoctiine; uud it is incorporated
into the organic and supreme law of the hind.
I come to the Supreme Coin t of the ITniud
States, and here I give you the word* of Judge
Story himself, uttered as the oigan of the rmii!.
)t was^imprudent, u> say the least, to quote the
authority of his great name against Lord Mans-
field's. Judge Story said:
<% Tite stun1 of hlaveiv is deemed tft he a more municipal
regulation, founded upon and hunted to the inie' eoi the
lenuottai laws."—10 Peters, page fill, Pri^a's e(t'e
In respect to this point, a member of the court
(Judge McLean) who sat upon the case, ha1? de-
clared:
"Theic was some eontraiietv of opinion arnon« the judges
on eoitam points ruled in Pnggs's p,w>, but tlieie was none
in iegard to the inc.it pniiciple, that \ ts linuied io me
Miige <))' laws tjnd-'i which it i->„inefioned Pumuhlcl
Report of (he I)\ cil Sroll c-ne, pam- 110.
Among the judges, who thus are compromised
by their assoein te, was the present < Ihief Just ice.
So much for the law of the land ns u wnx.fiom
the Revolution to the Constitution, and from the
Constitution, and under the Con-'iihition, down
to the opinion of' a mnjoi i: / of* (he Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott en.*. , delivered by the Chief
Justice, in March, 1857.
In the second place, a-i to the powers of Gov-
ernment, both Fedei.il and Stale, over slavery.
As to thejudicinl powei: (he fundamental law rec-
ognized in the States and in the nation being Unit
slavery can have no lv ol rjustrncc except by the
authority of the Government having jurisdiction,
the courts e ma neipa ted slaves whenever and where
ever they had been brought from the bonds of local
lew into t he It Ik i t y of the common law. That was
toe legal and logical conclusion fiom the funda-
mental principle, and 1 give you two judicial de-
cisions as the type of hundreds, fiom every sec-
tion of the Union—slav<* Stales and fi< -*
••The takinjj of a M.ivt1 to any tomm s\ In the ownoi.
\vh(H(- -1nv< ry is not tolerated, op-rile-: on the eondMnn nf
the -lave and pioduec?, immediate emancipation."— X,,i(h
LouUniiat) cpui'l\s 475
As Into as 1S">1, tho court of upppals of South
fmolina declared thai a slur e, heuig taken to a free
tUalc, it-free. (Commonwealth ds\ Pleasants', ](>
Lri«h Uenorts, ]ia^e 6117.)
Such was the judicial authority recognized and
( xerciHrd,.;veil in .slave States,and in States where
tiiecnil law oriirinfilly prevailed; mid such au-
tliorify, I lake it, would have been recognized in
< very courtm the land, J-Vdeial orState, down to
the opinion of the Supreme Court in (lit; case of
Dred Scott. It was a judicial recognition of Lord
.Mansfield's maxim of the common law.
As to the political power: the logical conclusion
from tlie fundamental commun-l.iv/ maxim was,
that ail governments have exclusive political con-
trol over slavery, each within its own jurisdic-
tion. No other authority can giw legality to sla-
very; no other can regulate it, define the lights of
master and servant, and give, the remedies appro-
priate to those rights. Such was the theory'; and
the facts correspond. On this g-iound many of
the o'd Stales abolished slavery; and "Vermont,
from her very birth, excluded it. Or thisground
the slave States tolerated slavery, previously es-
tablished through iVitish " posiiive law." and
iiave tvei'.smce dU'emied it i.j.u.ist ail assaults
! from without. " Touch me not!" "mind your
j own business!" such were their maxims, and
I these \v< re their shield and defense.
j On the same solid ground rests the power of the
| Federal Government, within its own exclusive
jurisdiction—that is, outside of the States. We
| di/If r widely, in these latter days, as to the source
; and the extent of Federal power over Federal
Territory. Never was there a doubt that it was
in Federal sovereignty, and exclusive and perfect,
unlil these latter days; never did the fathers and
founders of the Union doubt it. Never, indeed,
was there a political power which rested on a more
solid foundation, and rarely was there one sus-
tained by so many "pillais of strength." In
18""38, Chief Justice Marshall —venerable name !
—with the concurrence of the Supreme Court,
declared the power to be unquestionable"in fact,
and equal to " the combined powers of the General
and of a Slate governmentin extent. (1 Peters,
54G.) Sir, there was no dissenting opinion in that
court. Strange that a Taney should reverse the
opinion of a Marshall. Passing strange, if the
| unbiased and unanimous opinion of John Mar-
shall and TjusIu od Washington of Virginia, "Wil-
liam Johnson of South Carolina, Gabriel Duval
of Alaryland, Joseph Story of Massachusetts,
Smith Thompson of New York, and Robert
Tumble of Kentucky—(five of the S"V<m, maik
it, from slave States)—is now to be cast into utter
contempt, by a pro-slavery majority of th«* present
court, on a case improvised for a political pur- i
post?, in the heat ol a political revolution, and '
tainted all over with partisan zeal.* Chief Jus- ;
tice Marshall placed the power upon four grounds, :
each being deemed sullicient; and among them was i
" the general i ight of sovereignty, which exists 1
in the (,iovernment." These words assert both j
the existence and thc power of sovereignty " in the j
Government. " Twenty-five years before, in 1803, j
John Randolph had claimed for the Federal Gov- j
eminent "all the mihtaiy, civil, and judicial !
power-s" ovet ihe Ten Hoi y of Louisiana,on tins |
identical ground ol so\i:ri;icn'ty. (3 Benton's i
j Abi idgmeut, page 13.) Hovel eii nty, sir, what is !
it? Sovereignty " exists," said John Marshall, j
It was horn, not merely made. It is the sum of j
more than written powerw, the attribute of all gov-
ernments, with or without the machinery of con-
stitutions, or the recorded forms of law. On our
American theory, sovereignty—springing" from
the people as springs the soul fiom Cod—rules all
the States; the people guide it, as God guides
man, by wiitten supreme laws. The people are ,
the source of sovereignty, but sovereignty is the
soul of government. Ciiarleis, constitutions, all
organic laws, are hmderances of ilesh and bones :
to hedge it in. We say the sovereignty is in the 1
people, and goes not into governments except by j
right ol grants. In all our States, however, the I
giants carry more than the specific poweis—all I
incidental, necessary, pioper powers, essential,'
to the Hue end of government—to guatd the peo- :
pie's interests or lights fiom exigences unpro- j
wded tor, and dangers unforeseen. Without a I
^peeilie grant, no man doubts, no man can doubt, j
that it was and is competent for any State to
take control of slavery, liy the implied consent
of all the people, though it were not written in
the organic law, by virtue of the universally ac-
cepted principle ot the uiiennc'ed common law,
that power was in the soveiei^nty of the States.
From necessity it was there, as well as there in j
I act. From n tensity n was in Federal sovereignty, \
and it was there, too, in fact, to the piecise extent J
of exclusive Federal jurisdiction —that is, out- [
side of the several States, f The Constitution is j
a hinderance on Fedeial so vereignfy. You cannot 1
touch the internal f.ffuirs of States. The article jl
on the slave trade was a hinderance, preserving 1;
Stale sovereignty and limiting Federal sovereignty j 1
until ]S 08. Aton over, there is no specific grout 'I
to prohibit tne slave trade; and the power only
J he court w a< divided, as. follows, on tho vuhdity of the
iUi-Miimc wiipttum-re act: it, Judges T.tnoy oi Mary-
land. Wayne o! (Jeoexri, Canon of Tennessee. Daniel of
v iiimna, Guei of Pchum. Kama, and Campbell o'f Alabama,
five nom r-laveholdn)i( States For it, Judges McLean of
Oino. and Curti-5 ol Ma-ssu-husett5!. JJx}>ie &inc no opimon, '
Judifc Nelson of New Voile. ' |j
f Said Jiul^e Taney: " Undoubtedly, the powers of sover- ij
eiin'v n"d tnc ^nmient domain were ceded uith the land." 1 '>
— Drc'J t -o't. pn 'p'.iln, p.^0 -a). i;
exists, and was presumed to exist, in the sover-
eignty, as the limitations prove. The article on
fugitives from service is a hinderance both to the
State and Federal Governments: neither can dis-
charge them from service. Moreover, it is no-
ticeable that Congress has no specific grant of
power as to fugitives m Federal territories,* and
the claimant, therefore, has no specific right; both
exjst in Federal sovereignty, or do not exist at all.
But, above all, the fifth amendment is a hinder-
ance to Federal sovereignty, a shield to every
" pei son," irrespective of color or condition. The
power to prohibit slavery in Federal territory re-
mams unlimited; but, thanks to our fathers, it is
limited as against the liberty of the poorest, weak-
est, lowest living soul. You cannot establish sla-
very on Federal soil, and, by act of Congress, that
was never done. The whole history of the Fed-
eral Government, from 1789 to 1850, is of prohi-
bition; prohibition by almost every Congress;
prohibition with the assent of every President;
piohibition with ths approval of statesmen of
every school, and jurists in every court; and pro-
hibition with the acquiescence of the people and
the States. So much for the past.
The new ideas, so radically different as to de-
serve the epithet " revolutionary,'' have been of
rapid growth. They sprang not from the Constitu-
tion; for they were never dreamed of by those who
made it, and never known to those who, for tho
first half century, administered it. The late dis-
tinguished Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Cal-
houn, was their father; and the errand on which
they were sent was rather sectional and political,
than peaceful and patriotic. So long as there
was slaveholding territory to make slaveholding
States, these new ideas were never known. Until
the acquisition of avast domain from Mexico, in
which slavery did not exist, they were never known.
With that emergency came the necessity—purely
a political one—for a new scheme of constitutional
law, which would admit slavery into free terri-
tory in spite of congressional intervention, with-
out any act of Congress, and against any. Mr.
Calhoun devised the scheme; and on the 19th of
February, 1847, he submitted it to the Senate in
a series of resolutions, which were consigned to
sleep upon the table, without the formality of a
vote. As the vety origin of the late decision of
the Supreme Court, almost in the words of the
court and of the President, i recall them here.
They were as follows:
t: Re^ofveil, That the Tenitoiies of the United Rtatos be-
long to the bcveia! States compo^int,' tins Union, and are
held by Hir-nia* their joint and common property.
lk lic-olced, That Con<*ie-Sj as the joint agent and repre-
sentative of the State.? of thw Union, has no light to make
any law oi do anv aet whatever that shall directly, or by its
eflectr-; make .my discrimination between the Suites of'tlns
Union, by which anv one ot ihein shall he depuvedof us
lull and equal lights in any Temtory of the United States,
oeijuned oi to he aequncd.
•  Tic^jlverl, Thai tin; enactment of any law which should
dneetly, oi by its elleets, deptjve the citizens of any of the
States ot flii>, Union tiom cunijiaunij, infh their ]>roj>eity,
iiilo any oj the Terri/oi ic? of l/tt United States, would make
Mich a di-cinnmaiion, and would, theiefore, be a violation
of th" Confutation and the rights of the States fiom which
Mich citizen* emigrated, and in delegation ot that perfect
equality which belongs to them a-s menibeis of this. Union,
and would tend dneetly to subvert the Union it-sclt."'
He r. ' was a distinct proposition to obtain a le-
gislative declaration of tho right to take slaves, as
property, into all the Territories; and a legislative
denial of any right in Congress to forbid. But
it failed. Mr. Uenton denounced it as a " fire-
brand," and it failed.
In the next year, 1848, an attempt was made
to etiect the same purpose by a judicial declaration
j' om the Supreme Court. To effect this, a clause
was inserted in one of the bills for tho govern-
ment of Territories, ai lowing slaves to enter court
by way of petition for liberty, with the right of
oppeul to the Supreme Court oi* the United States.
That bill passed the Senate by tne combined votes
of Senators of entirely diifeient opinions—some
believing that the couit would be for freedom, and
others for slavery;[ but the House, on the first
A The right was accotdcd in thy oidmance of ]787, cou-
pled with a prohibition ot' slavejy, and was limited to the
Termoncs embraced in it. The Constitution embraced that
oidmance in the woid " engagements," m Article 6.
f Mr Footo, of Mississippi, feared that the decision of
the Supreme Couit, as now constituted, would be against the
South.
Ah. Reyeidy Jviiii->oii, of Slcii}]and, believed in die ei-
