284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
modore Paulding landed upon the shores of Nic-
aragua, he committed an outrage upon the sover-
eignty of that State; and yetthey would send him
back, with his men and his arms, and thus com-
mit another outrage upon the sovereignty of that
nation. This is to be-done; and upon the prin-
ciple, it is to "be supposed, that two wrongs make
one right. If it was an invasion for Commodore
Paulding to land in Nicaragua to arrest General
Walker and his troops, I should like to learn how,
when General Walker is taken back, we can avoid
again invading the sovereignty of Nicaragua. I
hope that some of the honorable gentlemen who
desire us to take General Walker back, will ex-
plain how, ifNicaraguan sovereignty was invaded
in the one instance, they expect to avoid it in the
other.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What does the gen-
gentleman mean to do with the munitions of war
taken from Walker? Does he mean to return
them to Walker, to sell them, or to keep them
for the purposes of our own Army ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY, We do not want any
of his plunder or his traps. We will give them
back to him. But, Mr. Chairman, I, too, am in
favor of sending Geneial Walker back. I main-
tain that it is our duty to do so; and I think that
the President of the United States, in the course
he has pursued, committed one mistake, and that
is that he did not go far enough. He has done
his duty with too much generosity and mildness.
He has been too forbearing. The law of nations
required more from him. He ought to have done
more than he has; he ought to have sent General
Walker back; and, for one, I am prepared to vote
for a resolution calling upon the President to have
him arrested and sent back to Nicaragua. Yes,
sir, it is our duty, under the law of nations, to
send him back.
I am asked, why send him back? I will explain.
It will notdn for gentlemen to say that there must
be a demand made by Nicaragua; nothing of that
kind is required. 1 will let Mr. Vattel explain
for himself the doctrine for which I contend. If
General Walker has committed an outrage against,
the laws and the soveieignty of Nicaragua, lie
ought to be sent back, and it is the duty of this
country to send him back, and there let this rest-
less general be tried. The law of nations on this
subject is thus. Vattel says (page side
number 75) that—
' It the oflended Stute keeps the guilty in 1 h powor, he
ina\, without <11 then I ry, puin>h hnn, and oblige lum to make
satiMaetion. Ii th'> guilty e>f,ipe and leuimrf into ins own
counny, jiMiee ma} he demanded J mm hin Mjveieign.
k* A.nd mik e tin-> l.tH ought not to oilier hif t-u Injects* to 1110-
lo-t the subjects of oiher-i, or to do them an ni|uiy, much
less .should lie }j"nmt iliejn aud:teion>I} to otlend foreign
pow'ri>4; he ought to oblige the gmhy to iepair the damage,
if tiiat he possible ; to inflict on lum an e.vinplaiy punish-
ment ; or in t-hoir, aeeoidmg to the tianue of the ea-e and the
eiieuin- tnm-e.-s intending it, /y tlclica him up to tin- of) cu<1 erf
State, Did c t<j receive jii-.tico. This h pretty gcncrtrllti ob-
sci veil villi rchpccl to great cn i jtwi, m such as arc equal Ly con-
trary to the laws and ,s\n,rv ov am. n enoNs,*'
It is the duty to deliver up the guilty party,
and especially m this ease, wheie the offense has
been against the Inws of nations. Tlnee times
has this General Walker invaded the territories,
and waged a war of robbery and plunder upon
nation's with which we had treaties of peace bind-
ing us to restrain hnn and his followers from acts
ofaggiession. Three tunes has he commit ted these
ouriagea, m the face of the world, and in deliance
of our treaties and our laws. The second time he
was rescued thiough motives of sympathy and
humanity, and brought back to our shores in a
national ship. Then he was leleuscd upon his sol-
emn parol of honor, by which he pledged himself
to the Secretary of State that he would not com-
mit another violation of tin-* law of nations, or
distuib the peace of Nicaragua. But again he
has violated those laws and that solemn pledge;
and in utter disregard of our laws, in contempt
of our courts, and in violation of his recognizance,.
he has embarked with a small army of desperate j
men, and has invaded the territory of Nicaragua. '
Once more he has been airested; and yet gentle- i
men claim for him our sympathies, and ask us to |
shield and protect him. Nay, more; that he nmy |
be permitted again to set our laws at defiance by j
another invasion of a country with which we are [
at peace. This desperate man, who insultingly j
and boastingly informs our Secretin y of State that |
he intends again to return to conquer Nicaragua j
by lorccs assembled in our borders, finds advo- ii
cates on this floor. I say that it was our duty,
and it was the duty of the President, the moment
General Walker was brought here, to have him
placed in confinement in an American ship, and
delivered up to Nicaragua, there to be tried for
his violation of the peace of nations.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us understand
what the gentleman means by the law of nations,
and then we can understand his argument.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I mean by the law of
nations, that rule of action which regulates the
mutual intercourse of independent States with
each other.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How are they to
be enforced ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Each nation must ob-
serve the laws of nations for itself, and pre-
vent its citizens from violating them. They are
to be enforced in precisely that way. Will the
gentlemen on the other side complain of us for
returning General Walker to Nicaragua? Why,
sir, they have told us, with triumph written upon
their countenances, that this man General Walker
was the President of Nicaragua; that he was the
ruler of that country; and that he has legal rights
there. Wc were told by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Stepuens,] when I put the question to
him, that Walker had been invited there by the
Government of Nicaragua. If that be so, then
General Walker has nothing to fear; his people
will welcome back, with songs of rejoicing, their
old friend, the commander of their forces, the
President of their nation.
The friends of General Walker should not ob-
ject to this. If his legal rights are there, lie will
have legal redress for his wrongs. If he has legal
rights there, he can enforce them in the courts of
Nicaragua. If, on the other hand, he has com-
mitted an outrage against the law of nations, if
he has committed aggression upon the Territory
of a neighboring nation, with which we are at
peace, and the law makes it obligatory upon us,
when a violation of the peace of a nation has been
committed by any person who embarked from our
shores, to deliver up the offender, we cannot es-
capc from it. We have this thing to do, and we
ought to do it; and I am ready here to vote for a
resolution to have him delivered to the Govern-
ment of Nicaragua. I trust this course will be
taken.
The President of the United States has taken
a vigorous stand upon this great question. lie is
to-day receiving the encomiums of the people of
every Government in the civilized world for the
course which he has adopted. We must either
assume a bold, open, and independent opposition
against these aggressions on sister States, or we
j will ore long be involved in a war for the violation
of the peace of nations It will not be a war with
the feeble power of Nicaragua, butawarin which
the Governments of the earth will be arrayed on
one side and ourselves upon the other. Though
1 have no fear of the result of a conflict in which
American valor is involved, who is willing to say
that our glorious country has so lost its honor
that the nations of the world arc compelled to com-
bine against it?
The aggressive spirit of our people has already
been the subject of serious debate ni the cabinets of ;
London and Pans. Sustain the conduct of Gen-
eral Walker, and you will give such an impetus
to the spirit of aggression and invasion, that no
nation will be safe from attack. Mutual safety will
require a union of the nations to check our'insa-
tiable a^d rapacious thirst for adventure. All the
rest of Christendom on one side, and we on the
other, fighting in an unjust cause, defeat is in-
evitable. It will not do for us to turn round and
say to the nations of the Old World, "you have
been equally guilty." This is a poor justifica-
tion. The nations of Europe have had a watch-
ful and guardian eye upon the shores of the
Gulf of Mexico; and the day is not distant, un-
I less the act of 1816 and the law of nations are
enforced, when forbearance will cease to be a
virtue, and resistance will become a dutv; and
then a fierce, long, and bloody war will be upon
us. For what? For the aggrandizement of such
men as General Walker. I say that the Presi-
dent of the United States is at the present time
receiving eulogiums from every civilized Govern-
ment upon earth, and his course is approved by
the people of this country, almost unanimously.
I am glad to see the returning spirit of reason.
Let us each and all be determined that we will
stand by the President, that we will stand by the
laws, and the dark .clouds that now shade the
horizon of the future will be entirely dispelled.
Let, us save our national honor by a manly and
determined resistance to this spirit of aggression.
Let us be able to turn proudly to the nations of
the earth and say: " We respect our treaties; we
enforce our laws; there is no blot on our national
flaff, no stain on our national honor."
Mr. ZOLL1COPFER. This discussion has
had a wide range, and the points involved in it
have been elaborately discussed. I cannot hopt
to win and hold the attention of the House under
such circumstances, and I will be brief and tothfe
points I propose to make.
There are reasons why I wish to make a record
of my position upon some of the points involved
in this discussion. In the outset, I am opposedto
a repeal of the neutrality laws. I believe that it
is our duty to ourselves and the world, and our
best policy, if we would perpetuate our power,
and preserve the respect and amicable feelings of
foreign Powers, to leave the act of 1818, guarding
our neutrality, upon the statute-book. I am nor
a filibuster, and do not rise for the purpose of
defending a violation of the neutrality laws of the
United States. But I have been made to feel during
this debate that justice has not been done to Gen-
eral Walker, and that it is my duty to give briefly
my view of his public career—a career which has
been so violently denounced here and elsewhere.
Epithets of the most exceptionable character have
been applied to General Walker by members of
this House. lie has been denounced by Com-
modote Paulding, by the President, and through
the presses of the country, as a pirate, a robber,
a marauder, and as one who has ruthlessly vio-
lated the. law of nations.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that Genera!
Walker has violated the neutrality act of 1818. I
know he is not a pirate, or a robber. Such epi-
thets are unjust, and discreditable to gentlemen
who employ thcm.upon the floor of the House.
May I be indulged in briefly recurring to that
action of General Walker which has called upon
him such intemperate epithets as these? In 1854,
civil war, as is usual in the Central American
States, was racing in Nicaragua. General Cas-
tellon, the leader of one of those parties, and the
one which had taken possession of nearly all the
strong points m the country, sent to General
Walker, then in California, a military commis-
sion to raise three hundred men and join him
in the conflict. What did Walker do? He de-
clined this commission, but sent word by the
agent of Castellon: "If your Government will
place in my hands a commission for colonization,
1 will accept it." Such a commission having
been forwarded to him, (and I call the attention
of gentlemen to such facts as these,)—a commis-
sion fiom Castellon, the provisional director of
the party which had taken possession of the
whole country, with the exception of New Gra-
nada, and one or two other unimportant points
in the country—what did Walker do? He pro-
ceeded at once to lay this paper before the Federal
officers of the United States in California, and to
ask their opinion of it. He showed this commis-
sion to the district attorney of the United States
for the northern district of California, and to the
officer of the port of San Francisco.
They informed him that they regarded it as
legitimate; that they did not see in it a violation
of the neutrality laws of the United States; and
that they would not interfere with him, but wished
success to his enterprise. It is a striking fact that
the captain of the revenue cutter lying in the port
of San Francisco actually sent his sailors to bend
the sails of the ship which carried Walker from
California to the shores of Nicaragua.
When Walker landed, some complaint was
made that American citizens were interfering in
the local disputes of Nicaragua. When he learned
this, he proposed that he would return to the
United States. The spirit which he evinced on
this occasion seems to have satisfied those who
had given him the grant, and he was induced to
join the provisional director. The first step taken
by him and his followers, was to take the oath
of allegiance to the Nicaraguan Government. He
took the oath, and so did the fifty-six men who
went with him, and they thereupon became citi-
zens of the Rcpubhc of Nicaragua.
