im-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26',
cpmpton constitution. That is the issue before us.
The President, having recommended her admis
sion under the Leeompton constitution, and the
subject having come to the attention of the State
of Virginia, the Legislature of that State spoke
on it. I refer to the action of that Legislature with
some degree of regret, but still with pleasure. As
one of her citizens and Representatives, 1 an-
nounce my readiness to sustain the policy which
she promulges.
The resoluiions of the Legislature of Virginia
to which I refer are as follows:
"1. Resolved, That m the opinion of the General Assem-
bly of Virginia, the conclusion to which the President of the
United States has arrived, as expressed m his lecent mes-
sage, in favor of the admission of Kansas, as a State of this
Union, under the Leeompton constitution, is just and right.
"2. Resolved, That Congress lias no right to look further
intcf the constitution submitted by the State of Kansas,mils
application to be admnted into this Union, than to see that
the said constitution is republican m us form.
" 3d. Resolved, That it is due to the peace and harmony
of this Union that Congress should speedily admit Kansas
as a State, under the Leeompton constitution, without fur-
ther conditions."
Thus speaks Virginia; and why did she find it
necessary to speak upon this subject? Because
of the words which a gentleman in high official
position in our State had undertaken to speak as
an individual, and not as the Governor of the
State of Virginia, as the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. English] supposes. This gentleman,in ie-
sponse to an invitation that was given to him to join
in, on the 8th of January last, the celebration which
was then to be held at Tammany Hall, uttered
sentiments which it was deemed right and proper
for the Virginia Legislature to disclaim; and hence
the resolutions. I must be allowed to say that it
was astonishing, it was amazing, that a gentleman
holding his high official position, in a community
where there was scarcely a diversity of opinion,
should have allowed himself to utter such senti-
ments, and particularly on that day—on the 8th
of January—the anniversary of one of the most
important and patriotic events in our history. It
was astonishing that he should have pronounced
such sentiments as are contained in that Tam-
many letter. I will merely quote a line from Dr.
Deattie's Minstrel, and pass on:
"Some deemed hnn wondiotts \vu>e, and some believed
Jinn mad."
Mr. ENGLISH. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall be very
happy to yield to any gentleman if I am not to
be restiictod in my time.
Mr. ENGLISH. I merely wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether he holds Governor Wise
to be in or out of the Democratic organization \
Mr. SMITH, of Vngima. Well, sir, I hold
him to be outside the Democratic organization,
and I do not hesitate to say it. All gentlemen who
lefuse to cooperate with the Democratic party m
the great measures of the pai ty, are necessarily
ou'side of that party organization.
M v. IiURROIJG 1IS. J hope the gentleman will
not assail the Governor of Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia 1 em surprised that
the gentleman should have supposed that 1 had
assailed the Governor of Virginia, lam protect-
ing the Governor of Vngini.ifiom being assailed.
1 speak of Henry A. Wise, and not the Governor
of Virginia, as being outside the Democratic
party. Or rather, I say he is outside the Demo-
cratic organization, it may be not outside the
Democratic party. Gentlemen may fight on their
own hook, if they please.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him another question ?
Mr. SMITH* of Virginia. Is it to be under-
stood that I am not to be restricted in my time?
{•' Yes," " yes."] I understand that I am not
to be restricted in my time; then come one, come
all, come every one.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman says that
Governor Wise is outside the Democratic party.
Now I want to know if the- gentleman suppoited
"Wise for Governor; and if not, whether the gen-
tleman, in that act, was not himself outside the
Democratic party 5
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not support
Mr. Wise for Governor. But, sir, I never made
war upon the Democratic party. What is party?
Jt is a combination of individuals entertaining a
community of sentiment. I respectfully submit
to the gentleman from Indiana, that this is the
only true and proper test. It is an association of
individuals for carrying out the great interests of
the country in a particular line of policy from a
community of opinions and sentiments. If there
be no such community of opinion and. sentiment
upon the part of a gentleman with a particular
party, how can he be considered as within that
party organization? Look at the condition of
things at this particular time. In the two Houses
of Congress it was supposed one hundred and
sixty-five gentlemen entertained such sentiments.
Twenty-five of them perhaps, unexpectedly, broke
off from that party and assailed it as entertaining
unsound sentiments. And these gentlemen turn
round, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis]
last night did, and undertake to lecture the great
body of their former friends. Absolutely, the
gentleman from Indiana lectures the Democratic
party in this House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia to state in what I undertook to lec-
ture the Demociatic party, and in what I dilfei
from the Democratic party ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, anyone
who listened to the speech of the gentleman from
I Indiana last night, could not fail to see in what
! the gentleman differed with the Democratic party.
; I have not time to enumerate all the points of dif-
1 ferenee.
; Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope the gentle-
! man will specify.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman cer-
tainly did this much: he said he could not vote
1 for the Leeompton constitution. That is a mcas-
| ure of the Democratic patty, vital m character,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope the gentle-
! man will allow me to make one remark right
: here. The gentleman from Virginia has no right
to read me out of the Democratic party, nor has
■ he any right to read any other gentleman m this
lHou.se out of the party And I desire to say,
! further, that as far as the Democratic party of the
North arc concerned, I believe th.it nine tenths
1 of that party hold the same senriments as I do
. upon this question; and if anybody lias the right
! to read out, we have the right to read the gentie-
man out of the party.
1 Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Exactly. There it
; is. The gentleman reminds me very much of a
man on a jury case in which I was once engaged
i professionally. There were twelve jurors; "the
! case was a very important one; it was elaborately
discussed, and was, of course, referred to the jury
J for consideration after the argument had closed,
j It was reported to the judge that the jury could
f not agree, and they were"at length called in, to
! see if their objections could not be harmonized.
; They c.amc in accordingly, and one of the jurors
I stated to the court that he could not agiee with
! the other jurors in their verdict; that they were
1 eleven of the most stubborn men he had ever had
: anything to do with in his hie. [Laughter.]
: Now, that is precisely the case with the gen-
tleman from Indiana. He and a few other gentle-
; men have undertaken to dissent from the great
I body of the Democratic party, and then they
come hero and lecture the Democratic party for
| holding unsound sentiments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will ask the gentle-
man whether he has not, time and again, in Vir-
1 £ una, i un as an independent candidate against the
i! Democratic party and the Democratic organiza-
T tiori ?
|j Mr. SMITH, uf Virginia. Never, sir.
|j Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That has been my
1 understanding.
! Mr. SMITH, of Vngima. Tt is like a great
i deal of thegentleman's understanding—unsound,
j I will say that I have never run against the Demo-
i cratic organization, although I have been tempted
i to do it.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Tempted!
I Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Tempted, but failed
I not. The gentleman from Indiana will understand
1 the virtue of the ttial, because he himself has not
at all times resisted temptation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman says
that I have not always resisted temptation. I
would like him to point to a single vote of mine
during my five years' service in this Hall, that has
not been "with the Democratic party on all ques-
tions, including the fugitive slave law and every-
thing else.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man, since he brought himself into this colloquy,
how he is going to vote now? Has he not told
us that he was going to vote against the Leeomp-
ton constitution ? And has nut the Chief Magis-
trate, one branch of the Government, and the pre-
sumed head of the Democratic party, elected as
he was by the Democratic party, recommended
and urgeci that instrument with all his power and
influence ? Does he not know that if the bill is to
be got through this House, it is to be got through
by the Democratic party, with some few patriotic
Know-Nothing votes, to whom he has referred in
no complimentary terms?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Because the Presi-
dent-has recommended this measure, is it neces-
sary, therefore, that every Democrat in this Hall
is bound to vote for it? That the President has a
right to advise me, I admit; but he has no right
to command me, against the will of my constitu-
ents; and,iipthat be the test the gentleman wishes
to apply, it is, in my opinion, a political despotism.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The President is
the representative of the American Democracy,
and was put into the executive chair for that rea-
son. He was put into the presidential chair as
the representative of the Democratic party and of
the Kansas question in all its shapes and forms.
He represents both now. The gentleman asks
me whether I require every gentleman to conform
to the President's opinions? I do not ask him to
conform to the President's opinions at all. The
gentleman can do it or not. He is an American
freeman, and has the right to independent thought
and action. But the gentleman speaks one thing
and thinks another. He professes to be a Dem-
ocrat when he associates with those who are not.
Do not affect to be a Democrat, I will tell the gen-
tleman, when you refuse to cooperate with those
who are struggling to carry out the policy on which
J you and others were elected.
I Mr. Chan man, what arc the facts in the gentle-
! man's ease ? He was here on the passage of the
| Nebraska bill. lie was here in the Thirty-Third
I Congiess, and upon the anxious bench. Last
| night he told us he was zealous in favor of the
passage of that bill. At the next election he was
beaten. He was one of those who went down
before the combined hosts of fanaticism, but the
returning wave bore him into this Hall. He came
here upon the full tide of Democratic will. He
came here to do what ? To pursue the policy of
1854, or did he come here to pursue the policy of
those who beat him in 1855, and those who are
his associates now—they encircling him now, and
prompting his answers ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I came here to carry
out the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, for
which 1 voted. 1 came here to carry out the rec-
ommendations of the President on that subject.
I intend to carry them out—those I mean, which
he made up to the middle of November, when he
saw proper to change front on this question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Exactly; that is the
language of rebellion. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is the language
of a freeman, and not the language of a slave.
[Cries of " Good !"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have accorded
that the gentleman had the right, to go against this
bill if he chosc to.
Mr. Chairman, I will resume my remarks where
I left them off when I was interrupted.
Mr. FOSTER. Does the gentleman acknowl-
edge the President as a good Democrat?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, If I wanted proof
that he was, I would only have to remembcrthat
i the gentleman opposed him. I know, too, that
often we can tell who men are when we arc away
from them and are not acquainted with them, by
learning the company they keep.
The CHAIRMAN. Before there i«i further in-
terruption to thegentleman's remarks, the Chair
would like to understand what is the nature of the
understanding of the committee. At an early
stage of his speech the gentleman from Virginia
said that he would not object to interruption if it
was not to come out of his time. Is this the un-
derstanding ?
Mr. ENGLISH. It is my understanding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope we shall
have no such understanding as that.
The CHAIRMAN. The""Chair wishes to know
how he is to be regulated m determining when the
time of the gentleman from Virginia is to expire >
