286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr.ZOLLICGFFER. Well,sir,thatisaques-
tion which does notcome so immediately home to
the American people and the American Congress.
Wc are not empowered with guardianship over
the action of other Governments, or us subjects
or citizens. But if our President and our naval
officers attempt to assert pojver not authorized
by the Constitution and the laws of the Union, it
is our right and our duty carefully to scrutinize
tlieir conduct.
The President has, in his message, shadowed
forth a policy with relation to Central America to
which I cannot give my assent. He informs us
that the treaty we made with New Granada, in
1846, binds us to malic securc the neutrality of the
Isthmus of Panama, and to guaranty to that Gov-
ernment the right of dominion over its territory.
He intimates, what I have heard elsewhere, that
there is now an inchoate treaty existing between
Nicaragua and the United States, based upon this
same line of policy, and that it is his intention to
make similar treaties with all the other Central
American Governments; that is, treaties binding
us to protect their neutrality and guaranty their
dominion over the soil.
If we look to our experiences with New Gra-
nada during the eleven yeais since the treaty was
made, we shall find little inducement to pursue
this policy further. I cite, for example, the .va-
rious outbreaks which have occurred within that
period in the territory of New Granada, and par-
ticularly the massacre of citizens of the United
States at Panama, in 1856. It would seem that,
unless the President .should he authorized to use
the military and naval force in Central America,
which he has asked for in his message, it would
be impossible to secure the stability of the isth-
mus, and prevent the oft-recurring civil broils
and disturbances which luivc cursed that people.
My opinion is, that stability and peace upon the
isthmus of Central America, including that of
Panama, is all-important to the best interests of
the United States, in view of our Pacific and At-
lantic possessions. It is more important to the
United States than to any other Power. The
policy pursued by the treaty of New Granada
can never secure us that unless wc keep a large
military and naval foice m Central Ameiiai,
which would be a hazardous stretch of authority.
Besides, such a policy would tend merely to set
up dominion for those who are unable to secure
it for themselves, for the benefit of an ignorant,
feeble, miserable people, who are unable to gov-
ern themselves. If the United States are to oc-
cupy and exercise dominion in Central America,
let it be for an American population, with Amer-
ican laws and constitutions. If General Walker,
without violating the neutrality laws of the United
States—which I do not believe he has done—can
build up a stable Government there, and bring
about peace and quiet, he will have prepared that
country for an American population which will
ultimately add to the strength and renown of the
American Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. If my colleague will yield
for that purpose, 1 will move that the committee
rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not desire
to address the committee this evening.
Mr. BLAIR.. I rise to a question of order. I
claim the floor, thegentlemanfrom Georgia having
already addressed the committee once upon this
question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Missouri is mistaken. I have not spoken
upon this question. I spoke upon my own amend-
ment to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] by striking out "a
select committee,"and inserting "the Committee
on the Judiciary." That amendment was after-
wards accepted; and then the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] renewed, substantially,
the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, and it is upon that that this debate has been
proceeding. I have notspokenuponthatquestion.
Mr. BLAIR. It is substantially the same ques-
tion.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia delivered his remarks upon the resolution
offered by the gentlemanfromPcnnsylvania, [Mr.
J. Glancy Jones,] the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quitman] being
then pending. The amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi has since been incorporated into
the original resolution. The pending question
now is on the amendment subsequently offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
hard,] and the amendment thereto offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thayer.]
The gentleman from Georgia has notspoken upon
that amendment, and is now entitled to the floor*
The Chair therefore overrules the point of order.
Mr. LETCHER. Before a vote is taken on
the motion that the committee rise, let us have an
understanding that the committee take a recess
until seven o'clock this evening. There are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to speak on this ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. BLAIR. T appeal from the decision of the
Chair. This is substantially the same question
as the one upon which the gentlemanfrom Georgia
addressed the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of the rule upon this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The first part of the 37th
rule is as follows:
No member shall speak moie than once to the same
question without leave ofthe House."
The Chair decides that the pending question
is on the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, and that upon that
question the gentleman from Georgia is entitled
to the floor. From this decision thegentleman
from Missouri appeals.
Air. HOUSTON. I desire to hear the amend-
ments read. I do not care about hearing the ori-
ginal resolutions read.
The CHAIRMAN. In order that the com-
mittee may understand the whole question, the
Clerk will now read the original resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy
Jones,] as modified; the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard;] and the
amendment to the amendment offered by thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Thayer.]
Mr. BLAIR. I would ask the Chair if the
amendment of thegentleman from Massachusetts
was not ruled out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not.
Mr. BLAIR. That was my understanding.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is mistaken. No question of order was
raised on the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. BLAIR. I take the ground that it is sub-
stantially the same question as the one upon
which the gentleman from Georgia before ad-
dressed the committee.
The original resolution was then read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved) That so much of said message and accompany-
ing document-* <w leluted to a umt'oim bankiupt Uwv, and
that -so much ol the President's annua! mc-sage as ielates
to the duties of an independent State in its relation* until
the member^ of the treat family of nations, to lestiain us
people tiom aoN of hostile uggic«<sion against their citizens
or Mibjeet^; ami >omueli as lelates to the present neutrality
law ot the 120th of Apul, 1818 ; to the fitting out within the
limits ot our countty of lawles* cnpedition^ against souk
oi the Central American States: to the inductions issued
to the mar?haK, ami di.-trictattomej and to theapptopriate
Anny and Wavy otlioeis, together with the L'rcr-identSiee-
ommendation that \\e should adopt such uieasmcs as will
be effective in ie*tiaimng oui citizens 1'iom committing such
outrages, be relencd to the Committee on the Judiciary,
who are hereby lequncd to mqimc into and repot t upon the
evpediency of the u'poal or modification of said act of
ol'ApuI, 1818, with (lower to report by lull or otherwise.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the original res-
olution as modified. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] moved to amend the res-
olution by inserting after the words " bankrupt
law," the words 44 be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary," and by striking out all after
the word "outrages," and insertingin lieu thereof
" be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs." The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Tiiayer] offered the following as an amendment
to the amendment:
And also, that said committee icport, so far as thev may
be able, the piesent social and political condition of the peo-
ple ot rvicaiagiia,andvvhetber theymvitccolonies ftom the
United States to settle among them; and also, whether the
soil, climate, and other natuial advantages of that country
aie such as to encouuge etmgtauon thither from tiic north-
ern States of this Confedeiaey.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chan*. I understand the Clerk to
have read first the resolution as introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy
Jones.]
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir; he read it as mod-
ified by the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania submitted a
resolution to refer certain matters to the Judiciary
Committee. The gentleman from Mississippi
proposed an amendment, and upon consultation
between that gentleman and thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, the gentleman modified his amend-
ment m some particulars, and then the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania incorporated it into the
original resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Allow me to
make a statement. I spoke to an amendment
which I offered to an amendment. That was
accepted both by the gentleman from Mississippi
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Messrs.
Q,uitman and J. Glancy Jones,] and the original
proposition was thus modified. That was done
immediately after my speech.
Mr. BLAIR. I would inquire ofthe gentleman
from Georgia whether he proposes to confine him-
self to the discussion of the amendmentoffered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, or whether he
proposes to speak to the whole question?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I intend to
speak to the whole question.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I insist on my appeal.
Mr. STANTON. I believe this appeal is de-
batable ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly it is.
Mr. STANTON. Then, I would say that the
rule has a common sense as well as a technical,
view. This debate is practically on the Presi-
dent's message, and on all subjects included in it.
It covers the entire policy of the country; and
whatever amendment, or amendment to an amend-
ment may have been offered in the progress of the
debate, the character of the debate itself isgcncral.
Now, if I understand the meaning and the spirit of
the rule, it is, that it shall not be in the power of the
occupant of the chair, in a debate confined by the
rules to a single hour, to permit any gentleman to
occupy more than one hour in debate. If the rul-
ing of the Chair here is correct, it would permit
one gentleman to make substantially two speeches
in the same debate and on the same question, while
a dozen members arc seeking the floor to make
thcirfirst speech upon it. I submit that this ruling
is a total subversion of the spirit of the rule, ana
I shall therefore sustain the point of order made
by thegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] I
think that in all fairness, in the execution of the
rules of the House, he should be permitted to have
the floor.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr STANTON. Perhaps we might relieve
ourselves of this difficulty by taking a recess till
seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see any
use in having a recess to-night. Heretofore, when
we have had recesses, two or three members came
with speeches in their pockets, and merely asked
leave to have them published. That cannot now
be done.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. The question is, "Shall the committee now
rise ?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We may as well
rise, for there is not a quorum present.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust the
committee will not rise until this point be settled.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, and John Cochrane were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 50,
noes 39.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
