334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Revolution in the Lata of the Land—-Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
nation, in all the horrors of civil war. These are
the promised fruits of this bud of revolution.
Transmigration is the new article of Democratic
faith, and trouble is the inevitable result. Trans-
migration is the doctrine declared by the Presi-
dent; and he quotes upon us the authority of the
court. As well might he quote the ancient Greek,
and hope thus to force us ail
"To hold opinion with Pythagoras,
That souls of animal* infuse themselves
Into the trunks of men."
Transmigration of slavery is the new Demo-
cratic doctrine: transmigration from State to Ter-
ritory, and Territory to Territory, till all your
broad domain is doomed to bear the taint of slaves;
to bear the wrongs, the wrath, and I know not but
the revenge, of slaves; and with all these, and be-
cause of all these, the hatred of freemen and the
scorn of the world.
Rut we have had a further revelation from the
President, in the annual message transmitted to
the present Congress:
" The slaves were brought into the Tori ltory [of Kansas]
under the Constitution oi the United States, and arc now
the propeity of their mu-uer.i. Thn point ha-* at length been
finally decided by the lushest judicial tribunal ot the coun-
try—and tins upon the plain pimeiple that when a Confed-
eracy of sovereign States' acquit c new tori ltoiy at their joint
expense, both equality and ju tiee demand that ihe citizens
ot one and all ot them shall have the ii;.d!t to take into it
whatsoever U recognized as property Ini the common Connti-
tfutton. To have summarily confix ated the pioprrti/ in it'/res
already in the Territory, would have been an art oj os* in-
justice, and contraiy to the practice of the older States of the
Union, which have abolished slaverv.*'— President JJuch-
anaii^s J1 imval Menage, Derembo, 1837? p. 2!$.
The plot advances—the consequences advance;
and again we have the testimony of the; Piesident
that the advance is by the authority of the court.
In August wc learned that slavery wont into Kan-
sas "under the constitution;" m December we
learn a harder lesson: prnpnty in slaves is recog-
nized by the common constitution; and the common !
property in land (i. v. in the Territories) u\ti ac- '
quired by and belongs to (he Slatet, in their eonl'ed- j
era ted capaciiy. The consequences are, thatsia- j
very goes thete, and stai/s there, through all the!
years of terriiorml pupilage, and that a new-born
sovereign State cannot eject u without making com- j
pensalion ! All tins, too, upon the plea of <k equal- '
ity and justice." Slavery extended by "equality I
and justice;" and freedom—the common pioperty |
of each living soul, by the " equality" of a com- ]
mon birth, and the eternal " justice" of a com- !
mon God—is forgotton ! T think now we have j
gained a tolerably clear idea of the doctnnes of i
the court and the President, which constitute the (
three prime articles of the new Democratic creed i
in respect to all the Fedeial Tei utonus, and lex- j
press them as follows: !
J. Slavery is to go there; Congress eannot pre-
vent.
2. Slavery is to stay there until Stat.* organiza-
tion; neither Congress nor the people can pre- ;
vent. j
3. Slavery cannot be excluded,even by thenew |
State organization, without compensation. |
Thus Federal sovereignty is ignored; squatter 1
sovereignty is ignoied; popular sovereignty is '
ignored; and State ,sov*eieignty itself is o.uuiin-
scribed. Call all that by what name you choose;
1 call it—uk\ oi.utiov.
Hut is there no mistake > Look at the history
of K-ansas and the Lecompton constitution—the
illustration and the example of this entire revo-
lution. Two points in the history of the Terri-
tory are conceded by everybody: slavery went
there and staid there. How is it now in the State
of Kansas? The President permits no mistake,
no miscippiehension in the matter; and I ihere-
fore introduce the Lecompton constitution as he
introduced it to us on the XM of February last—
ail in aecoidanee with the authority of the couit.
*' It h«j boon solemnly adjudged, bv the highest tribunal
known to oik laws, that slavery exists in Kaunas /"/ virtue
oj the Constitution of the United States. KaiKH i- there-
fore, at iln< moment, us much a dare S'ate as Georgia or
Siuth ('tir&lina.'%—Pi eiulcut*? Special Mcssuge, Fcbtiittiy
(t Article I'll.—Slaiery. ,
'• Suctiox 3. The n^hi of propoitv is before and higher
thin any '•on^tiKdioiu:! band ion; and the ncrbt of the ov. ner
ol a .slave to Mich a -lave and its increase n the same, end
as inviolable. a-> the ? ight of the owner of any property uhut-
ecer.
"Sec. 2. The Legislature <?batl have no power to pass
laws for the emancipation of slaves without the consent of
the owners, or without pat/in* the owners, previous to their
emancipation, a full equivalent m money for the slaves so
emancipated. Thov shall have no powei to prevent emi-
grants to the State from bun«ina; with them such persons a«?
are deemed slaves by the laws of anyone of the United
States orTen)toues,Vo lon.rr as any person ot the same age
or de^enpuou *hall be continued m slavery by the laws of
this State."—Leeompion Constitution.
Kansas is " as much a slave State as Georgia or
South Carolina"—u bit virtue of the Constitution of
the United States!" These are the President's
words. I stop not to say that the common-law
principle is abrogated by these words—revolu-
tionized , indeed—and that slavery is nationalized.
Perhaps the President's language was not well
weighed. Nor do I stop to ask whether the pur-
pose of the Kansas-Nebtaska act was to make in-
dependent States, outside of the Union; or to sug-
gest that the Union is dissolved already—our
Territory, our common property, our new-born
State of many woeful throes, already gone. The
point is this: Kansas has been made a slave State
by the new revolutionary doctrine, without act of
ours, without Federal consent,and withoutthe act
or consent of its own people, and against them all;
and, by the same new revolutionary doctrine, it can
never get rid of slavery without paying for the priv-
ilege ! This is the illustration and example of Kan-
sas; plain, pointed, unmistakable,and undeniable.
What says the Lecompton constitution ? Slaves
are property; so said the court anil the President.
Slavescannot be " confiscated" without compen-
sation, says Lecompton; so said the Pre siderit.
The right in slave property is u as inviolable" as
the right in any other property, says Lecompton.
Yea, more: a little mere inviolable. It cannot pass
on tick." 44 No trust"—" a full puce"—" cash
down, or no trade!"—that is the rule of the Le-
compton constitution; and the President recom-
mends it to us. We are bound to believe that he
at least thinks it is all right.
Now, sir, I think we can begin to understand
the exact meaning of that very pretty and very
fashionable phrase—" the equal rhjiis of the peo-
ple and the States in the common domain." The
slave-State man goes there and takes his " insti-
tution" with him. lie plants it all over the land;
he guards it with laws and guns; mound u all he
puts the Constitution uf the United States, and
on ibis tuple wall he mounts the Fed'-ra! Army.
He takes bis 'k institution" there; lie keeps it; and
calk on us to defend it, at the common cost.
That is one picture. How fai es it now with the
hberty-lovmg and hard-laboring free-State man ?
" Kqnal rights" is the doctrine. You invite him
with the pionnse of 44 equal rights;" you flatter
him with the hope of " equal rights;" and he goes
to your k< common territory," expecting there to
find that the common government of a common
people, under a common constitution, on a com-
mon soil, will give htm at least common and 14 equal
rights." How fares the free man when he goes '
1 !e finds h niseif despised. degraded—cut oft*from
the anieiutK s of social life, t he common civilities
of society, and the power of rising, by superior
industry and virtue, to the dignity he had left m
h is old not thru n home, and the dignity he had lost
by contact with your slaves. Through all the
territorial term he cannot even buy back his birlh-
lijit .' J)oes he talk of his common rights'1 he
is seditious! Does he jcsist infringement on his
peisonol lights,or n-fuse obedience to unjust and
unconstitutional acts'1 he is rebellious' Does he
attempt to fiame a government after his own pat-
tern, and put into it guarantees for the free insti-
tutions he. loves—all in submission to yourouthor-
ity? it is treasonable ! And you treat him as a
sf-.ditious, rebellious, and dans>eiousmcin—an alien
and an enemy. Such ta betniiw territorial con-
dition of the free-State men of the Territory of
Kansas. And now how is it in the Stale of Kan-
sas ? Sometime or other—perhaps m 3S64, but
nobody knows exactly when—the fiee-State men
may have the privilege of tryimr to get free insti-
tutions—on conditions! Slavery is certain—
freedom is con'djtioyal! And the conditions—
what are these? Why, sir, the free-State men
can have free institutions when, and only when,
they are able to out-vote and buy out the pio-sla-
vety men. Slavery goes :n at the common ex-
pense of the whole nation. Slavery goes out at
the expense of the new, half-settled State, poor
from the very burdens of its youth, but rich in
noble souls, endued with all the grace and glo-
rious hopes of freedom. Sla\lry scot free—
freedom by PURCHASE ! That is the exact result.
Sir, the President and the court use honeyed
phrases, and give them magic power—the abso-
lute power of constitutional grants. Tim Presi-
dent talks of" equality and justice," and the court
talks of the "common and equal benefit" of all
the people, and the "common use" of all the
Territories. These pretty phrases badly suit the
actual picture I have drawn; far worse suit the
end designed. As the Territories are the common
property of all the people of all the Suites, and
subject to their " common use," what rule is just,
is equal, is practicable, but the harmonious ruh*
that none but common properly of all the people of
ail the States can enter there? He v. ho takes
uncommon, property, takes more than is his com-
mon right. He who takes property that others
cannot take or hold, makes more than common
use." What, then, is the fact? Slaves are not
the common property of all the citizens of all the
Slates. A majority of the States forbid it, and
the consciences of their people forbid it. They
hold, and their States hold, that propei ty in slaves
exists by no right at all—no common, general law.
God gave to man " dominion over the fish of the
sea, and over the fowls of the air, and over every
living thing that creepeth* upon the earth"—not
over man. (Genesis i., 28.) There may be, and
there is, legal dominion; but only by force of
arbitrary power, expressed in governmental law,
having no sort of force beyond the governmental
line. Property in slaves is therefore special—lim-
ited to a moiety of the States, and to some four
hundred thousand men, out of the millions of tinrj
land. This is the great and undisputed/«c/. Give
us, then, the equal, just,Mid common rights of equal
oumers in the common soil. The humblest freeman
of Vermont demands an equal right with any
southern man, m all your broad domain. Ho
never did, and never will, concede to any other
man one hair's breadth beyond. " Equal rights"
—no patent of nobility—no special privilege of
property — no privilege of caste; on these he
stands, and will foiever stand. Equal you may
go—equal you shall stand—and the brave Green
Mountain boy will be your brother and your
friend. On any other giound, in ballot-box or
field—by Allen's blood, by Allen's pride, by Al-
len's scorn of danirer or of wrong—you met a
foenian worthy of your stei 1.
Such teas the law . such were the common  ijjits
of all the citizens of all the States. How is it
now? Sir, I have tried to understand the position
and the opinion of the court, and I think I have
not mistaki u it. It had a task to pet form, not
necessarily included in the case of Dred Scott. It
serm<: to me u had a t.u-k to p^rfoim, set by the
po1111• • i,i;;s It w is f•> construct a bridge from the
sla\ i fa e Tern tone 3, by means of which
to 11 7 iht' . ] ".r.s of the o.ie to cover the acre.-",
of the other. The process of construction I think
I undeistand.
''The light of property in a slave is distinctly
and expressly affirmed in the Constitution," said
Judge Taii"y. Nov/ 1 am not sure of the full force
intended by this iiiie, but, taking n in most
limited and least exception ih! ? sense, it means
that the Constitution " recognizes" (a woid once
used by the court) the right of slave property m
the slave States. Theic, then, is one abutment of
the bridge—m the slave States. Now for the other:
IV The temtory was acquired by the Geneial Government,
as the i epie-entauvo and tiustee ot'the people of the United
tfsate- , and it niu^t thereUm: be held in that elmtdcier i'oi
then common and equal benefit."f
* Movctli," in the common version; crcepeth, m the
Hebrew.
+ It is now claimed that citizen* of slave States ate enti-
1!"U to take their "daveq to Federal toritory, and hold them
there, bv vntue of the common uileie<t. or common prop
eny ot'the States, says the Piesidont, oi of the people, hays
the oouit. in the Tetntoiv: yet, the fact 3-=, that (Jonsjie&s,
ni the constitutional power to adnut new States, was pur-
posely authorized to ignore utieily, the propei ty, or the in-
terest. ot 'the ;<tut.ei* or the people. in reintoiy out of their
jurisdiction. \ ei mont was. clainird as thepioperhj of New
York, and of citizens of New York, and as hems: within the
limit* of New Yotk, and Commas so lecogm/.ed the tact to
be : yet, the Federal convention expics-iy provided for the
adim^ion of Vermont tot lie l.'mon as an independent State,
without the consent oj New York. lu the clause of the Con-
stitution on the adimsbion of new States, the word "hunts"
ongmaliy stood in place of the word u jurisdiction." Mr,
