nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Talk about preserving a building by allowing it
to remain unfinished, when it has been half built!
Every man who knows anything about house- :
building knows that it cannot be done, and so it
it is with works of national defense. Is it not
our duty, then, as members of this House, to 1
whom, with the other branch, have been intrusted
the interests and the honor of this country, to see
that our national defenses are put in such a con-
dition that if the occasion demanded, they would
protect us from t-tae invasion of an enemy ?
Mr. Chairman, I am notable to give an opinion
on this matter, and make no pretension to any
such ability. What I say is founded upon the
testimony of military engineers. What does the
Secretary of War say? What do the military
engineers of the country say ? They all recom-
mend, as a matter of policy and economy, the
completion of these works. .Here is what the
Secretary of War says:
" The report of the cluef engineer will inform you of the
charactei and condition ofoui sen-roast defences. It will
be seen that these works are giadu.iliy, but cmamly, ad-
vancing towards completion,and, when finished, will con-
stitute ii system of maritime defenses iortmdahie u* extent,
and of great magnitude.
" New \ ork, the great heart of commerce on thi* conti-
nent, where moie and greater mteic^ts coneenti.ite than at
any pot -ton our Atlantic eoa>t, may be considered as im-
pregnable from anv attack from the sea when the fortifica-
tions now in progress shall be liio-hed. The foiuficauons
will be betnu, the guns heavier antll moie numeious than
those of Sebastopol.
"Upon the general system of^ea-coa^t defence, it b hardly
necessary to say a woul at this day. The policy of tiif Gov-
ernment secm^ to be fi\ed in that ic^p-cu and widely, too,
no doubt, if the woik- be prosecuted with a wise economv
Fortifications are now vciyjus-tlv esteemed the cheapest and
far the most effectual mean* of detente foi every impoit.mt
commercial point; with the heavy guns of the pi esentdav, no
fleet can match afortification ; and, when completed, these
works can be kept in perfect icp.ur at a veiy t.ithiur cost
until needed for actual fjcrvico. A foitifieation cosinvj not
much more than double the sum necessaiy to budd and
equip a fitf-t-class hue of battle ship, will constitute a for-
midable defense tor a haibor, and will contmuc to do so
throughout any length of time. The value of this mode of
defence is becoming moie apparent eveiy d;i\. As otu pop-
ulation increases, and the facilities foi iiiteicommumeauon
am multiplied, a imh*aiy foice of any extent can, with more
and mor<i readiness, be concentmfed at any given point in
the shoitest possible time, fortifications, which will nat-
urally retaid the landing of a foreign loe, must give tune to
concentrate a force at any given point equal to anv emci-
gencv. A larger foice could be thiown into New York in
two weeks, by means of internal communication, than
could be brought thoie fiom abroad in a year by all the
means which any European Power could pos-ubly com-
mand-
" Our ramified system of raihoads spreading throughout
the whole country—those sinews of non which hind with
indissoluble ties the conimeicial mtere>ts of our commu-
nity—confer 11 poti the nation a capability* foi defense whieh
obviates forevej the necessity of standing aumct-, or of a
Navy more numerous than is neeessaiy to give pioteelion
to our ships m the pioseeution of our extended coinnierce."
In this appropriation of $350,000, as was well
said by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
CIuitman,] it is left to be sent hither and thither,
at the discretion of the Secretary of War, and not
to be applied to any particular work. It is totally
inadequate to keep these forts in repair, and is
$25,000 below the estimate made by the Secretary
of War for thai specific purpose,
Mr. Chairman, I will refer to another point.
The deed of cession from the State of Delaware
to the Government of the United States in refer-
ence to the land upon which Port Delawate is
huilt, was upon the express condition that the
Government should erect a fort there and keep it
up. Is Congress fulfilling that condition to the
State of Delaware when it has left that fort un-
constructed since lb32? The old fort there was
burned down in 1832, and although the Govern-
ment took the cession from the State on the con-
dition i have stated, yet for twenty-six years it
has left that solemn obligation unexecuted.
I think that neatly every State in the Union
making a like concession, made it upon a like con-
dition. Therefore on that ground alone the Gov-
ernment is bound to complete these works. We
onlyask for a small sum comparatively. We ask
for $2,000,000. What is $2,000,000, if properly
expended, in perfecting these means of defense, if
we get into war with any of the European Powers,
I care not which, even the weakest of them? And at
any rate it is our duty, as wise legislators, in time
of peace toprepare for war. We have,in theother
branch, already a proposition pending for a loan
of $15,000,000. If the scenes which have been
enacted in the Gulf and upon the coast of Cuba be
continued, the consequences which will be forced
upon this Government will demand the raising
of twice as much. How do we stand this day ?
What is our Navy compared with that of other
maritime Powers ? What is it compared with the
navies of France, England,^nd Russia? If we
come into conflict with either, as we are now, will
any gentleman say that our Navy would not be
wiped out ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say that
it cannot be wiped out.
Mr. WHITELEY. Our Navy is now, com-
pared with that of England, as one is to twenty. I
boast of our Navy, and of the ability of America,
and "Young America,55 to do a great deal yet. I
do not want our Navy, in its present condition,
sent into conflict with the navy of England. I
know that we have a strong recuperative power,
and particularly in the section of country from
which my friend from Illinois comes. I know
that in time we can gather a Navy which will
compete with that of any in the world. Ship for
ship, and gun for gun, I have no fear for our noble
little Navy. But where would it be if, in its pres-
ent condition, it was sent against that of England ?
It will not do for us to act the braggadocio when
we go into a fight. We must have ships and
guns. We have got the men. It is the duty of
Congress to provide the stone, wooden, and iron
wails to defend our sea-coast against the navy of
a foreign Power, and endeavor to prevent our
Navy from boPg driven from the high seas. Does
the gentleman from Illinois doubt for a moment
that, in a war with Great Britain, her navy could
take every sea-coast town on the Atlantic coast.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I deny it in
loto. .
Mr. LOVEJOY. Wo, sir; it could not touch
them.
Mr. MORGAN. Yeas and nays on that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WHITELEY. The Secretary of War, in
his repoit, says that when we finish the defenses
around New York it will be as impregnable as Se-
bastopol. How impregnable was that? Did not
the allies take it ? But his report shows that, with-
outcontinumgand finishing i's fortifications, New
York will not be impregnable at all; and I know
not a sea-port town from Maine to Florida that
has defenses sufficient to prevent an enemy's fleet
from sailing right up to its wharves. Tlieieis not
a fort on the whole Delaware except Fort Mifflin;
and that is not strong enough to keep back a sin-
gle vessehfrom going up to Philadelphia. New
York is the best defended city in the Union; but
the report of the Secretary of War shows that it
can only be rendered impregnable by finishing its
fortifications.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the question comes down
simply to this: shall we, m our present difficult
position in regard to foreign Powers, leave our
fortifications in their present unfinished state, or
shall we appropriate the sum asked—$1,900,000—
to complete them ?
I think, Mr. Chairman, that it needs but slight
reflection on the part of the committee, to see that
the amount proposed to be appropriated by this
bill is totally inadequate for the purposes for
which the committee intend it. We have no de-
fenses on our Pacific coast. The amendment
which I have offered provides for the construction
of forts in California, and for the construction of
the forts oil the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, while
the bill only provides for keeping those already
built in repair. Now, I think it is the duty of
Congress to give to the Administration, which is
held responsible for protecting our citizens, the
means by which the Executive enn protect the
country and the citizens thereof. Woold it be any
justification for us to say, in the event of a war
with either of the Governments that i have named,
and in the event of one of our large cities falling
into their power, that we had appropriated the
sum of $350,000 for keeping our fortifications in
repair ? Could not and would not the President
turn on us and say: " Your Secretary of War es-
timated that, to put these fortifications m a proper
state of repair, some $1,900,000 was needed, and
you refused to vote it to me, to vote it to him, to
■vote it to the country, and, therefore, your cities
are now in the power of your enemies, and I am
helpless in your hands?"
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not want to detain
the committee on this matter. My chief argu-
ment upon it is that 1 have offered an amendment
which proposes to appropriate no more than what
is estimated for by those who are competent to
judge. It appropriates $1,900,000, it is true, but
that is but as a drop in the bucket, when we con-
sider the wants of oar national defenses. 1 there-
fore hope that t lie commit lee will adopt my amend-
ment as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. DOWDELL. I have a few words to say,
Mr. Chairman, on the amendment proposed, and
1 hope the committee will indulge me a few mo-
ments. As a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I do not wish to be understood as
responsible for the bill that has been reported by
the committee, for I was opposed to it, and en-
deavored to have it reconsidered, so as to embrace
the estimates of the Secretary of War, I am
opposed to it now, and in favor of the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Whitei.ey.] I think I can demonstrate to the
committee, if I can get its attention, that it would
| be false economy, worse than folly, to give away
$350,000 for repairs and preservations only. We
should delay a whole year, and at the end of it
our fortifications would be in a worse condition
than they are now. In the mean time, we should
have disbanded all our workmen who aie skilled
in carrying on the wot k, and we should have cut
off the usual and established sources of supply,
forfeited contracts for materials, and expended
a large sum which would be found necessary to
preserve the works from injury during the peiiod
of suspension, not a cent of which would go to
further their efficiency. And at the close of the
year we should have to commence operations
under great disadvantages. Suppose thewoiks
to be found in as good condition as they$re now:
| months would be required to reestablish active
I operations, open and reanimate channels of sup-
j ply, gather the necessary materials, and organize
j the laborers. The appropriations for the cora-
| pletion of the works will have to be made at some
; time or other. Most of these farts are m progtess
i of construction. Some of them are nearly finished,
j Some of them arc just above the water.
Mr. MORGAN. Would the gentleman from
Alabama be willing to apply the same rule to har-
bors on the great lakes, where hundieds of millions
of dollars arc engaged in cornmcrce, where thou-
sands of lives are being annually sacrificed ? Would
he go for these improvements as well as for these
fortifications? If ho will, I will go with him in Ins
efforts—if not, I will not.
Mr. DOWDELL. I will consider that ques-
tion when it arises. It is not now before us for
consideration. The question before us is, whether
we .v111 make the appropriations estimated for by
the Secretary of War, for the continuation of
fortifications ? It has nothing to do wiili the ques-
tion about interna! improvements. What is the
sum asked for? Little over one million nine han-
dled thousand dollars. Call it two millions. What
is the interest on that sum? One hundred and
twenty thousand dollars. The sum required could
be readily obtained. We could botrow it perhaps
at less than six per cent. Three times the annual
interest of the sum is now asked to be appropri-
ated simply for repairs and preservation of these
works; and which, when expended, would leave
them, very likely, m a worse condition than they
are now in.
My attention, Mr. Chairman, has been princi-
pally called to the forts at Key West and on the
Tortugas, in the Gulf of Mexico. Fort Taylor,
on Key West, has mounted its second tier of
guns; and an appropriation is asked to mount its
third tier of guns, and to give it a bomb-proof
roof. These two forts—Fort Taylor and Fort
Jefferson—are m a position to control the Gulf of
Mexico. All the vast trade of the valley of the
Mississippi, and its tributaries through the north-
west, pass over the Gulf of Mexico. Such a
power as Englandoi France could, with its navy,
come into the Gulf and take possession of the
TorUuas, Garden Key, or K^y West, and com-
mit depreciations on our commerce; and it would
be impossible, with our Navy, to dislodge them.
But if these forts were completed, we could keep
back any navy, and afford protection to the whole
coast of the Gulf. They overlook Havana, Pen-
sacola, Mobile, and all the important points of the
Gulf of Mexico. For the fortifications on the Tor-
tugas, an appropriation of #200,000 is asked. That
fort has just been raised above water. It is pre-
pared for the mounting of the first tier of guns.
The tedious, tardy process of laying the founda-
