185S.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1878
Mr. HOUSTON. At the end of his hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that a
contrary concession has been already made. The
gentleman from Virginia in an early part of his
speech asked whether these interruptions were to
come out of his time, and stated thathe would not
yield provided that they were to be deducted from
nis time. No objection was made to their being
so deducted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing, as he has acted
under a misapprehension, that he should be al-
lowed for the time he has been interrupted thus
far, but no further.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has been interrupted ten minutes, and will
allow that length of time.
Mr. CLEMENS. Say fifteen minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Fifteen minutes will be
allowed by consent of the committee.
No objection was made. *
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I do not understand
that there is any power to reclaim a grant already
made. It was conceded that I should go on with-
out having the interruptions deducted, and I de-
sire to be interrogated. I stand here with as great
purity of purpose as any man, and I desire to be
interrupted if it be the pleasure of gentlemen to
do so. I understand that I was to be allowed for
such interruptions, and that concession having
been made, it cannot be recalled except by unan-
"iraous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia, that it is suggested
that his proposition was not distinctly heard.
The Chair did not make any proposition to the
committee, and no proposition of the Chair was
conceded to, and therefore, it was notconsidered
as a binding proposition. Gentlemen of the com-
mittee now seem to agree that the gentleman has
been interrupted fifteen minutes, and the Chair
will allow that additional time.
Mr. CiUITMAN. I beg leave to say, lest my
silence be misconstrued, that I do not think that
these interrogatories are of any benefit to the
country or to the House, and I shall object to
theni hereafter; though 1 do not wish to be con-
sidered as an objector to extending his time fifteen
minutes for interruptions already made.
Mr. HILL. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Virginia if the Kansas-Nebraska bill was not
considered the true test of orthodox Democracy?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes.
Mr. HILL. Then I want to ask him which is
the better Democrat—the man who voted for the
Kansas bill, and now votes againstthe admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, or
the man who voted against the Kansas bill, or
who, if he had been here, and had had an oppor-
tunity, would have voted against that bill, and
now votes for the admission of Ivansas under the
Lecompton constitution?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the gen-
tleman, as a practical politician, will have no dif-
ficulty in answering his own question. " Suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." Here is
a question in which great parties are involved,
and in which it is well known that if one party
prevails the other party is destroyed. That is the
nature of the question; and the man that is a
Democrat, a real Democrat, and who means to
act with the Democratic party upon its principles
in this hour of struggle, will not see it swallowed
up by its enemies, and much less help devour it.
Mr. HUGHES. Suppose that upon some great
question of principle, such as is involved in this
question of the admission of Kansas, a number
of gentlemen belonging to the Democratic party
should voluntarily assemble themselves together,
and hold meeting after meeting among themselves,
for the express purpose of devising some concert
of action in order to defeat the measure, and m
caucus—not a regular caucus of their party—
complete an organizationof their own for the pur-
pose of 
Mr. ADRAIN. Is the gentleman in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not if objection is made.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I have not time to
answer the question, in consequence of being re-
stricted in time. Certain it is, that upon the great
measure involving the important consequences to
which I have icferred, those who are not of us or
with us, are against us.
Mr. FOLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I cannot be inter-
rupted. I have not time.
Mr, FOLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman if
Mr. Buchanan is the Democratic party?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I think he is the
chief head and front of the great Democratic par-
ty; and if the gentleman is a Democrat, he must
have voted for him.
Mr. FOLEY. I only ask for information,
whether he is the Democratic party?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I say he is the great
head of the Democratic party.
Mr. BOWIE. The embodiment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, the embodi-
ment; and as the head is the great controlling
power of the general physical system, so the
President is the head of the great Democratic
body, and is united to that great party to carry
out a measure which they deem essential to their
success.
But I was going on with the view of calling the
attention of the committee to the acts of Congress
for the last two or three years; but I have been
so interrupted that I must do it briefly. I first
invite attention to the condition of things after
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed. Imme-
diately after that act was passed, a combination
was formed in this city, chiefly of members of
Congress, of which Mr. Goodrich, of Massa-
chusetts, was president, for the purpose of pre-
venting slavery from going into Kansas. And
here I refer to the testimony of Mr. Mace upon
that point, which is clear and explicit. He says:
a Immediately afier the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, I, together with a number of others who were mem-
bers of Congress and Senators, believing that the tendency
of that act would be to make Kansas a slave State, m or-
der to pi event it, foimcd an association here in Washing-
ton, called, if 1 recollect aright, 'the Kansas Aid Society.'
T do not remembei all who became members of that society;
but quite a number of members who were opposed to slavery
in Kansas, of the lower House, and also of the Senate, be-
came members of it, and subscribed various sums of money.
I think I subscuhed either fifty or one hundred dollars—X
am not now prepared to say which.
" We issued a circular to the people of the country, of the
northern States particularly, m which we set forth what we
believed were the dangers of making Kansas a slave State,
and urged that steps be taken to induce persons from the
North, who were opposed to slavery, to go there, and pre-
vent us introduction, if possible. We sent a great many
circulars to\anous part4- of the United States with that
object, and also communications of various kinds. I do not
now remember what they were. The object was, to have
persons induced to go to Kansas, who would make that their
home, and who would at all elections vote against the in-
stitution of slavery." 7 * * * "The leading
primary object of the association was to prevent the intio-
ducnon ot slavery into Kansas, a > I stated during the short :
session of Congress, m answer to a question propounded to
me by yourself, 1 believe. We believed that, unless vigorous
steps of that kind were taken, Kansas would become a slave
Stale. I do not remember the caption of the fciib?enption
paper. I think no other object was mentioned orspecified, i
except the prevention of slavery in Kansas. I think that
was the sole object of the movement."
The purpose is clear and manifest; and it fully
appears from the evidence adopted in the Kansas
report that such was the universal impression in !
Missouri.
In this state of things, it was naturally to have
been expected that a counter movement would !
have been made. Accordingly a society was '
formed m Missouri, the avowed object of which
was to resist the aggressive movements of the ffee
States, and make Kansas a slaveholding State, j
When was this socic^ formed ? The Kansas in-
vestigating committee says, about October, 1854.
(Page 3 of Report.) It says:
" About the same time, and before any election was or
could be held in theTerntory, a secret political society was
formed in the State ofMissouri."
What was the object? Mr. John Scott, espe-
cially referred to and relied upon by the commit-
tee, ueposes as follows:
" [ was present at the election of March 30,1855, in Burr
Oak precinct, m the Territory. I saw many Missourians
there. Theie had been a good deal of talk about the settle-
ment of Kansas, and the interference of eastern people in
the settlement of that Territory, since the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. It was but a short time after the
passage of that act that we learned through the papers about
the forming of a society m the East for the purpose of pro-
moting tiie settlement of Kansas Territory, with the view
of makin® it a fiee State. Missouri being a slave btate, and
believing that an effort of that kind, if successful, would in-
jure her citizens in the enjoyment of their slave property,
they were indignant, and detcimined to use all the means
in their power to counteiact the eilorts of eastern people
upon that subject."
And again:
"I do not think I would have suggested to any one in
Missouri the forming of societies in Missouri, but for these
eastern societies ; and ihey were formed a« but a means of
self-defense, and to counteract the effect of these eastern
societies; and T think it is the general expression, andl
know it is the ardent hope, of every man in Missouri* that
I havo heard express himself, that if the North would cease
operating by these societies, Missouri would cease to use
those she has established."
Here, then, are the movements on the one side
and on the other, and they speak for themselves".
Is it not clear that the Missourians acted in self-
defense ?
But that is not all. Even before the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Legislature of the
great Commonwealth of Massachusetts incorpo-
rated a company for a like object.
Mr. DAWES. This statement has been made
upon this floor so many times, and I have sought
an'opportunity to contradict it so many times, that
the courtesy of the gentleman, I know, will per-
mit me to say, that when the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. GIuitman,] the other day, in
justification of the course pursued by the Missou-
rians, stated that before the passage of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will excuse me. My time is quite limited.
Mr. DAWES. I will be very brief.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But then I cannot
spire time. I will yield if I get the liberty of ex-
tending my remarks. Will the Chair take the
sense of the committee?
The CHAIRMAN". Does the committee agree
that the gentleman from Virginia shall have his
time extended to the extent of these interrup-
tions ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have here the
testimony on- the subject. It is to be found on
page 873 of the Kansas report.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman let me
say 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I certainly would
be glad, if I had the chance, to accord to the gen-
tleman what he wishes. Let the committee give
me fifteen minutes for this colloquy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any addition of
time.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 appeal to my colleague to
allow the gentleman from Massachusetts to finish
MISS contencp
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, it has been so
often declared here, in justification of the pro-
ceedings in Missouri, that before the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts incorporated a company with a capital
of $5,000,000 " for the purpose of sending emi-
grants into Kansas, with a view, not of becoming
citizens, but nf shaping and controlling its insti-
tutions, and defeating the law," as was said the
other day by the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barksdale,] of which company it was said
by his colleague, [Mr. Singleton,] that Mr. Mace
acknowledged himself to be president, and it is
now repeated by the gentleman from Virginia,
that I know he will permit me to set him right.
It is true the gentleman has an act of the Massa-
chusetts Legislature before him, but I want to tell
him that nothing was ever done under that act.
There was never an organization under it. There
was never a president of the company, nor any
other officer, nor a dollar raised under it. And
nothing was done by Massachusetts before the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, which, by
any one, can be construed as has been charged.
One word more. To show the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Barksdajle] that the object of
the act, which 1 have said existed only on paper,
could not have been that of " defeating the law,"
let me tell him that several of the persons named
in that act as corporators, were at the time, and
have ever been,Kansas-Nebraska Democrats, and
have basked in the sunshine of royal favor from
that hour to this; and some of them represented the
Massachusetts Democracy in the Cincinnati con-
vention. It is but just to those men to say, how-
ever, that they are, notwithstanding all this, men
of high and honorable character.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. That is enough.
That is an argument. Now, Mr. Chairman and
gentlemen of the committee, the gentleman [Mr.
Dawes] is a Massachusetts man; but he is not
acquainted with the legislation of his own State.
He is alluding to the act of April, 1854. I know
that, according to the evidence of Mr. Lawrence,
there was no action had under the act of April,
