1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by-
Mr. Dicktns, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the following bill and
resolutions; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 32) to repeal an act entitled
" An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the names of vessels in certain
cases," approved the 5th of March, 1856; and
A resolution (S. No. 4) to extend the opera-
tion of the actapproved January 16,1857, entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled 4 An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy.'"
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask my col-
league to withdraw that motion to allow me to
introduce a bill.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quo-
rum present to do business.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given. It
is not a bill making an appropriation; it is not a
partisan bill, but it is a bill to which there will be
no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I object because there is no
Quorum here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
forty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 14,1858.
Prayer by Rev. G. S. Deal.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION/
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a repoit of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating a statement of expenditures for contingent
expenses of that Department, its offices and bu-
reaus.,. during the year ending June 30, 1857;
whfch< was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion of Mr. Davis to print it, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of the
heirs of Daspit St. Arnand, praying for the enact-
ment of a law to place them in a position fairly
and lawfully to maintain their rights of owner-
ship to certain lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trustees of the Farmers' High School
of Pennsylvania, praying for a grant of land for
the endowment of that institution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of William
J. Walker and others, messengers in the Post
Office Department, praying to be allowed the ben-
efit of the joint resolution of August 18,1856, in-
creasing the pay of laborers in the executive and
legislative departments; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of A. H.
Abrahams, praying that certain duties illegally
exacted may be refunded; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FITCH presented a petition of citizens of
Pulaski county, Indiana, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Winamac to Fran-
cisville, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of David
Gordon, complaining of injury which has resulted
to himself and others in consequence of the failure
the Secretary of the Tieasury to execute an
act of Congress of December 22,1854, and praying
that the execution of that act may be transferred
to the War Department, with such provisions as
will insure its enforcement; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of James M.
Hand, in behalf of the heirs of John B. Hand,
praying that certain moneys paid for the purchase
of Choctaw reservations may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
| Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of
i Samuel Stone and Isaac H. Marks, praying for
' compensation for property taken by an Indian
agent, under an agreement of arbitration, for Gov-
ernment purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Jane Stone-
ham, widow of Henry Stoneham,a revolutionary
soldier, praying to be allowed the benefits of the
law of July 7, 1838, granting pensions to the
widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be tr
meet on Monday next.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BEGGS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Martin Hubbard, on the files
of tbe Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That tbe petition of Nathan Weeks, on the files
of the Senate, be leterred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Jeremiah Pendersast, on
the files of tlie Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memonal of IlairietO. Read, executrix
of A. C. W. Fanning, on the files of the Senate, be icferied
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
! Ordered, That the petition of the administrator of Francis
Hutmac, and the papuis on the files of the Senate iclatmg
to i he claim of Rachel Morey, be refened to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Michigan, presented January 11, praying
for bounty land for services in the patriot war of
1834, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, for the reason that under
an act of the last Congress parol proof may be
received, which would meet tiie case of the peti-
tions; which was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition ot
Joseph Haynes, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of the children of Polly
Colgrove; the memonal of W. P. Wright, Mark
Sheppard,and other members of Captain Samuel
Walker's company of Kansas militia; the petition
-of John A. Ragan; the petition of Solomon G.
Grover and others; the petition of J. M. Morrill,
in behalf of the BangorCity Grays; and a petition
of citizens of New York, presented January 7,
reported adversely.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Tench
Tilghman, reported a bill (S. No. 60) for his
relief; which was read,and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a petition of
Frederick A. Beelen, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 61) for his relief. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. BELL submitted thefollowing resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior communicate
to the Senate an estimate ot the quantity of lands winch
will inure to the grant made by the act approved on the 3d
of March, 1837, granting land* to the Terutory of Minnesota,
for radroad purposes.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the report of the commission on the
war claims of Oregon and Washington Territories.
POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War transmit to the Sen-
ate any Purvey5? or examinations of the Potomac river, in
the vicinity of Washington city, made by any officer of the
Topographical JBuieau, during the last year.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the ad-
mission of the Territory of Kansas into the Union
as a State.
Mr. CHANDLER gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill making an addi-
tional appropriation for deepening the channel of
the St. Clair fiats.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
first business in order was the joint resolution
(S. No. 7) directing the presentation of a medal
to Commodore Hiram Paulding; and jit was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It requests the President of the United States to
cause to be made a medal, with suitable devices,
to be presented to Commodore Paulding as a tes-
timonial of the high sense entertained by Con-
gress of his gallant and judicious conduct on the
8th of December, 3857, in arresting a lawless mil-
itary expedition, "set on foot" in the United
States, under the command of General Walker,
and in preventing the same from carrying on act-
ual war against the feeble and almost defenseless
Republic of Nicaragua, with which the United
States are at peace.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest that, in the absence
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
who has given notice of his intention to offer an
amendment to the resolution,its consideration had
better be postponed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was about to make the
same suggestion which the honorable Senator
from Louisiana has made for me, and for the ad-
ditional reason that some members of the Senate,
who may desire to take part in this discussion,
prefer that it should be postponed to a subsequent
day. I move to postpone the consideration of the
resolution until Wednesday of next week, if there
be no special order for that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At what hour?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And be made the
special order for that hour?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin moves that the further consideration
of the resolution be postponed until Wednesday
next, at one o'clock, and be made the spccial order
for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN R. TEMPLE.
The bill (S. No. 38) for the relief of John R.
Temple, ofLouisiana, was read a second time,and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm Tom pie's title to six hun-
dred and seventy arpents of land in the " Baron de
Bastrop grant,"on the east side of bayou Bar-
tholomew; but this confirmation is to operate only
as a relinquishment of title on the part of the Uni-
ted States.
The claim of John R. Temple was not filed with
the commissioners under the act of 3851, provid-
ing for the adjustment of private land claims in the
Baron de Bastrop grant, on the ground, as he al-
leges, that he believed his claim was confirmed
with the Bonaventure claim, which it adjoins.
The claimant, and the persons under whom he
holds, have been in uninterrupted possession of
a part of the lands since 1807, and the remainder
since 1812 and 1814; and they have been inhab-
ited and cultivated from these dates, respectively,
up to this time. Two affidavits, accompanying
the papers, show that the lands have been inhab-
ited and cultivated for more than twenty years.
The Committee on Private Land Claims arc unan-
imously of the opinion that if this claim had been
presented to the commissioners under the act of
1851, with the proofs now before the committee,
such commissioners would have recommended
this claim forconfirmation. The omission of the
memorialist to present his claim to the commis-
sioners ought not to defeat the rights of the claim-
ant under the act of 1851.
