1858.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Revolution in the. Law of the Land—Mr. Walton.
Ho. or Reps.
So said Judge Taney. There, then, is the other
abutment—in Hit Tenitory. Now for tke connect-
ing beams:
,vThe Torritoiv being a part of the United States, the
Government and the citi/.ens both enter it under the author-
ity ot the Constitution, with their lespective rights defined
arid marked out."
These are the words of Judge Taney. Sir, the
venerable Chief Justice speaks of the constitutional
rights of citizens and Government as being " de-
fined and marked out." 1 find no "defined"
rights in the Constitution that will take slavery
into free territory; I tind no statesman or jurist,
in all the noble line from the Revolution to our
day, who has ever found such a right" defined."
Mr. Calhoun inferred it, in 1847, and to him be-
longs the merit—if merit it be—of that almighty
inference. I find no beams " defined." Must we
imagine them ? Does the stated fact, that the Ter-
ritories " are a pa) t of the United Stales," bridge
the unfathomable gulf? Then, what a bridge ! the
budge of many bridges—reaching from all the
slave to all the free Territories and States! No
longer sovereign States; no longer " free and in-
dependent States." The free States are " parts"
of the United States. In lands, in forts and arse-
nals, in navy-yards and warehouses, there is not
one which has not, within itself, some common
public property. We cannot so make slavery na-
tional—so blot out every free State. 1 charge the
court with no such crime. We must find better
beams than these, and long and strong, to bear
the weight of wrong and woe, involved in that
word " slave." The President has supplied them
in " equality and justiceand the court has sup-
plied them in the "common and equal benefit."
These are the beams—the real beams. They arc
full strong enough for the real design; but weak
as shadows for the false. These beams will bear
the common property of all the states, and
all the people; and that is all they bear. That
only is for " the common and equal benefit;" that,
and that alone, is "equality and justice." Add
but one ounce of special propei ty, of u a peculiar
spccies of property, over and \bove the species
of property common to all the states"* 1
say, add but one ounce of this pcculhr property,
add one single slave, and the beams of a " com-
mon and equal benefit," of " equality and jus-
tice," wjII break beneath the unlawlul weight.
Now, sir, if 1 am right; if I have justly appre-
ciated this piece of judicial and executive mechan-
ism, I submit it as good law, that 1 he shve-ownor,
or the slave-driver, who puts his load through the
bottom of that budge, cannot require any Gov-
ernment—Redi-ial, territorial, or State—U> re-
spond in damages.
Mr. Chairman, it is time, and it is but fair, to
turn to the declarations of the court. The Pres-
ident chaiges all to the court. Tlnee times has he
spoken in the name of the court. 1 give you, now,
the declarations of the majority of the coutt, de-
clared by theChief Justice, barely remaiking that
they aie, sub.sianiially, copied from Mr. Cal-
houn's resolutions, of J817.
As to territory, Judge Taney says:
" It wa« aequo ed hy the General Govei miifni. a« the rep-
resentative at id ts u*tee of the people of the United States
and it mur-t. ilieietore, be held in that ehaiacter lor their
common and equal benefit; tor n, was the people of the sev-
eia! Siate^, acting tlnotiyli their agent and lepreaentutive,
the Fedetal Government, who, in fact, acquired the terri-
tory in question, and the Governtnent hold- it for their com-
mon use until it thaU be associated with the other States as
a member of the Union."—Bred Scott Decision, pamphlet,
page 54.
As to slaveholders, he said:
" The tenitory being a pat r ofthe United States, the Gov-
ernment and the eiu/.'n^ both entei it under the outhonty
ofthe Cnnstitutio n, with their respective lights defined and
marked out."—Same, page ."<5.
As to slave property, Jud^e Taney said that the
Constitution si makes no distinction between that
description of property and otherproperty;" that
" the right of property in a slave is distinctly and
expressly affirmed in the Constitution;" that 44 no
word can be found in the Constitution which gives
Congress a greater power over slave property, or
Madron save the reason for this change, as follows : " This
ai-o was. meant to guard the c;i-e of Vermont—the juris-
diction of New York not extending over Vermont, which
was in the exercise, of sovereignty, though Veimont it,as
within the asserted limits of Ne<.v Fort."—5 Elliot, page 493.
* George Mason, of Virginia, thus described slavery in tliQ
Federal convention.—5 Elliot, page 296.
which entitles property of that kind to less pro-
tection than property of any other description.
The only power conferred is the power coupled
with the duty of guarding tmd protecting the owner
in his rights." (Same, pages 57, 58.) As a con-
clusion, the judge said:
"Upon these cons-ideiations, it i theop«nion ofthe court
that the act of Conines, winch piohibtf'd a citi/.en fioin
iioldoig and owning pioperty, of Un> kind, in the tenitoiyof
the United States. &c , is not wan anted by the Constitution,
and istiietefoye void."—Sa-me, page f>8.
The burden of the-court is, that slaves are prop-
erty, and that the title to the Territories is held by
the Federal Government as a mere trustee, leav-
ing the use to the States and their people. But
not one word of all this is found in the Constitu-
tion ! The court gives them to us as fundamental
principles of constitutional law; and, as conclu-
sions, strips Congiess'of a power exercised from
the very foundation of the Government, and opens
all our Tei litones to slavery ! Is it not strange
that piinciples so great as these were entirely
omitted fiom the Constitution? strange that they
were left to mere implication or interpretation?
and strange that no Congress, no statesmen, no
jurists, and not even this court itself, ever dis-
covered them, until two thirds of a century had
elapsed ? Now, sir, I do not believe that the whole
country hath been in ignorance until this day. I
do not believe that these principles were ever put
into the Constitution, or designed to be drawn
fiom it. That instrument puts no limit to the ;
power of Congress over Federal territory, but
rather grants the power to "make all needful
rules and regulations respecting" it. 1 see noth-
ing in it like a guarantee of the us# of all the Ter-
ritories for slavery, or even a use of it by citizens
or States for ami purpose whatever, without Fed-
eral consent. The title and the sovereignty are
both in the Federal Government, as Judge Taney
himself has said—" the powers ofgovernmentand
the right of soil, "as the Supieme Court has said,
(8 Wheaton, 543)—and Federal sovereignty has
heretofore excluded both property (liquors) and
citizens (traders) from Federal territory, andalien-
ated the very land itself to foreign Governments.
It seems, then, that the court has revolutionized
the Constitution m this respect. Nor can I be-
lieve m—nay, I utterly reject—the new doctrine
that the Constitution affinns the right of propoty
in slaves. Four times does it speak of them as
" persons," not once as p? opeity. Indeed the vet y
record shows that nil countenance to the idea of
propeity in man was carefully and designedly
excluded. Thus:
"Mr. Hhoinian w.ii a^ain^t this second part pec. !),
vo! 1, the ta\ on importation ot v|ave*>1 nrlinowted'iin^
men to!>e >i■ — 3Elliot's Debutesin T'cleml Conven-
tion, wil p,i«<;478.
" Mi Cm ii.iiti thon<rht that Mi. Sherman should consider
the duty, not as imphjin^ taut slaves <trc jnjperti/, but a- a
di^coniajrement to the importation of thein.,,~Some.
"Mr. Madison thought itytoii? to admit in the Consti-
tution the utcu that there could be propei ty in men. The rea-
son ot duties Jul not hold, as slaves are not, like merchan-
dise, conMimed,*' See.—Same.
Thus in the case of the solitary word in the
Constitution which could possibly convey the
idea of ptop<rty m man—" importation"—the
inference was promptly and plainly repelled upon
the first suggestion. The true design, then, of the
framers of the Constitution is defeated by the
court It is the court, then, which is responsible
for this new and svveepmgdispensation. It istlip
court which affects the power of sovereignty, and
grants, of its own will and pleasure, a new con-
stitution! It is the President who interprets it,
who accepts it for the States and the people, and
who attempts to bind it upon their Representa-
tives here, with all the weight of supreme law!
And with what fruits?
The law of the land tca$, that slavery is local;
the new ity that it goes wherever the Constitution
goes, unchecked by the sovereignty of the new
.States. The common law, then, as to Federal
| territory, has been abrogated.
! The judicial power was, to emancipate a slave
| when taken beyond the jurisdiction of the local
I law; the judicial power is, to enslave him where
I ever the Constitution goes, unchecked by the sov-
j ereignty of a free State.
| The power of the States wns complete; it is now
J circumscribed. Ne emancipation without com-
I pensation !
The power of Congress over slavery in Federal
territory was complete; now it is annulled.
The Constitution teas for freedom; now it is for
slavery.
The old idea was, that slavery was the excep-
tion; the new one is, that it is the general rule—
extending through all the slave States, and over
all the unorganized territory. You have enough
of it already to double the organized States of the
Union, and are preparing to-day for the annexa-
tion of Cuba, of Mexico, and of Central America,
Sir, if I understand the doctrines of the Presi-
dent and the court, there is no half-way house for
slavery—no bound to stay the advancing flood—
no home, no resting-place for freedom, in all your
broad and grand domain. If I understand them
truly, then is our proud boast of liberty a miser-
able lie; and then that song of ours—doubly in-
spired by the deities of poetry and patriotism, and
born beneath the very portals of your Capitol—
that melody of glory, that tires our souls and nerves
our arms toi
"The land of tho fiee, and the home of the brave,"
is but the sharpest, saddest sarcasm, that ever
flashed from human lips.
Mr. Chairman, this is the revolution: how
swift! how sweeping! Sweeping; away high
powers of Congress, and of the newStates; sweep-
ing away the ancient laws of our fathers; sweep-
ing away the ancient landmarks of our fathers;
sweeping away that ordained " blessing of lib-
city" which was the reward of their sore trials,
the crown of their great victory, and their legacy
to us. What is our heritage, and what shall our
children's be? All this is wrong; it is not right,
nor wise, nor safe. We are false to our fathers if
we believe U, and false to their honor and ours if
we do not reject it.
I believe that a great wrong has been committed
upon the Constitution itself, and a wrong that will
tell with terrible power upon the future destiny
ofthe country. In the exercise of my right here,
on the convictions of my judgment and the obli-
gations of my oath, I have attempted to expose
it. Incidentally and inevitably, I have spoken
freely of a coordinate branch ofthe Government,
whose rightful powers I am bound to respect. In-
cidentally and inevitably, I have condemned the
Supreme Court of the United States; but not in-
tentionally to detract from its dignity, or bring it
into contempt. Taught to reverence it from my
youth, and habitually reverencing it through life
—respecting it still, wild meaning to inspect it here-
after, whenever and so far as it revolves in the ap-
pointed line, hat momous with other equal spheres
in the Federal system—I have lived to learn, alas !
that this exalted court can err. And with what
wreck! as if some central sun, the source of light
and life, should quit its pathway in the skies, and
leave its worlds to die.
I snail fail of my conceptions of my duty if I do
not add a denial of the right of the judicial depait-
rnent to infringe upon the province of th<  political
department; if I do no' deny the right of the court
to revise the political acta of Congiess, or to bind
a single member of this body by the authority of
its opinions. Its judgments are final between all
the parties before it m every judicial " case;" but
it has no power o\er Congress or the Executive,
and can chum no respect fiom them, beyond what
is due to the reasoning of the court. I give you
my justification:
'• livery member of the Je^isl tnve body id bound to ex-
amine and drride lor to insult, whether tiio bill or lesohifton
is within the eon-mutional reach of the legislative poyms
confided to Cougre-.-."—Stoiy's Commentaries, sec. .Ti4.
1>ut, let us look to the very source of the Con-
stitution itself:
" In Constitutional Convention,
JlugnU '27, 1787.
Dr. John>on moved to inhCit woids t-o as to give the
f?upr-me Court juti>dicuon over ' c«4ej>' urising ( under this
Cov-titution.''
Mi. Madison doubted whether it was not going too far
to extend tiie jimMhction ol the court generally to cases
arifiii# under the Constitution, and whether it ought not to
be. limited to ca>e* of a judiciaiy nature. The right of ex-
pounding the Constitution, in <r/se< not oj this nature}oug/it
not to bp %ivm to that dejiortment."
"The motion of I)r Johnson was agreed to nem. con
it bein ? generally supposed that the jurisdiction given vas
CONt>l III f'TIVLIA' LIMl'l'l-U) TO C K-iK> 0* A JUDICIARY NA.-
TORE.'*—Madison Tapci s. "t IV.hot*s Debutes} pilgJ 4^3.
Said Judge Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution:
i( In measures exclusively of & political, legislative, or ex-
