1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
March 26,
1854. But I speak of the act of February 21, j
1855. There was a company formed on the 24th
July, 1854; and it was organized and went into
operation under the act of February 21, 1855.
Mr. Webb, who was secretary of the Emigrant
Aid Company,in forwarding information to that
company on August 14, 1854, says on that sub-
ject:
u No pledges are required from those who go; but, as our
principles ai e known, we trust those who differ from us will
be honest enough to take some other coursc.'*
Nor is that all. Mr. Amos A. Lawrence, in
his testimony, (page 879 of the Report,) says that,
while entirely disclaiming on the part of the com-
pany any improper interference in the internal af-
fairs of the Territory of Kansas, or any design to
control its political or social condition, they had
always hoped and expected that the emigrants
who went oat under its auspices would favor the
establishment of free institutions.
That is not all. He goes on and says:
st It determines in the right way the institutions -of the
unsettled Territories, in less time than the discussion of
them has required m Congress."
Nor is that all. This company, which did not
interfere with the question of slavery, which was
simply an emigrant aid society, lays it down in
these broad terms:
And Outlier, whenever the Territory shall he organized
nc a free State. the trustees shall di-pose of all its inteie-ns
there, replace bv the sales the money laid out, declare a div-
idend ro the stockholders, and that they then select a new
field, and make similar airangcinentsforthc. settlement and
organization of another free State of this Union."
In the face of those revelations, in the face of
these plans and purpose^, the gentleman [Mr.
Dawes] dares to get up, and, in the face of God
and the country, say that this emigrantaid society
was organized without any reference to ulterior
objects. I say to him and every man, I do not
care what may be his political relations, that here
was the inauguration of a movement fraught with
the most fell purposes, and the necessary results
of which were to work destruction on the most
gloriously organized political powerthat the world I
has ever seen. I say, then, on this point, away '
with the frivolous objection that these were but
emigrantaid associations.
Here, then, Mr. Chairman, is the point—and I
desire to impress it on the mind of every person—
that this hostile and aggressive movement on the
great laws of settlement and emigration; this agi-
tation this excitement, this war upon the peace
and repose of the country, originated in this
Hull, in Massachusetts, and elsewhere; in the
free States, not in the slave States.
Mr. DA WES. The gentleman does not under-
stand 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I cannot yield. I
refer again to this celebrated Report, page 3. I
do not treat this report as my Bible; for I tell you J
that a clear analysis of it shows that it is not en- i
titled to any of the sacred character of that book.
Hut here is what the report says:
t( Ahoutthe same time, to vvif, October, 1854, and before
an election ivas or could be held in the Territory, a scurct
political society was formed m the State of Missouu."
Not till October, 1854, did the Missourians—
the much-abused a nd vilified border ruffians, as
they are scornfully called—take any acf ion. That
was subsequently to the movement here—after
the movement in Massachusetts, and when the
emigrants weie pouring into that Territory and
indulgingm vituperationsupoftthe institutions of
the State of Missouri. Then it was—according
to the report of the majority—that the Missou-
nans awakened to their condition, and began an
organization for their own protection and safety.
Then how stands the question at this period m
regard to this subject? Who is the father of this
mischief and agitation ? The Missourians ? No.
3t is those who originated the movement here to
defeatthe free settlement of thequestions involved
in the Kansas-Nebraska act.
But what says Mr. Douglas on this subject?
I quote Mr. Douglas because we have indorsed
him once, and he is now indorsed on the other
side. [Cries of " No, no!'"] He says:
c vVh^n the emigrants, sent out by the Massachusetts Em-
i'iiant Aid Company, and their affiliated societies, pa^ed
tiiiougii the State o! Missouri in large numbers on their
way to Kansas, the violence of their language, and the un-
mistakable indications of their determined hostility to the
domestic institutions of that State, created appiehe.isions
that the object of the company was to ahoiuionize Kansas
as a means of prosecuting u lelemlesfa warfare upon the
institutions of slavery within the limits of Missouri. These
apprehensions increased, and spread with the progiess of
events, until they became the settled conviction of the peo-
ple of that portion of the State most exposed to the danger by
their proximity to the Kansas bolder. The natural conse-
quence was, that immediate steps were taken by the people
of the western counties of Missouri to stimulate, oiganize,
and carry into effect a system of emigration similar to that of
the Massachusetts Emigrant AidCompany, for the avowed
purpose of counteracting the effects, and protecting them
selves and their domestic institutions from the consequences
of that company's operations."
As far as he has spoken, he is the accredited
witness ofboth parties.
Mr. STANTON. I beg your pardon.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not so?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. He is not author-
ized to speak for us
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand very
well how the matter stands. Is he not promised
by the New York Tribune, and by Mr. Seward,
the great leader of the Republican party, that he
shall have a fair participation in the honors of
the party?
Under the Kansas act, A. H. Reeder, of Penn-
sylvania, was appointed Governor, and was con-
firmed by the Senate on the 29th day of June,
1854.
He did not reach the Territory until October,
1854. On the 10th day of November he issued his
Croclamation announcing that an election would
e held on the 29th of November, 1854, for Del-
egate to Congress. At thatelection J. W.Whit-
field received 2,258 votes, and all others 575 votes.
In the executive journal of the Territory will be
found the following entry:
" December 5. 1854 —On examining and collating the re-
turn-?, J. \V. Whitfield i  di claied by the Governor to be
duly elected Delegate to the House of Representatives of
the (Jmted State?, and the «amr day the certificate of the
Governor, under the seal of the Temtory, issued to paid J.
W. Whitfield of lus election."
It nowhere appears that General Whitfield *s
right to a seat by virtue of that election was ever
contested.
Yet, says Mr. Douglas, in his report:
" No sooner wa« the renilt of the election known, than
the defeated pauy proclaimed thioughout the length and
breadth of tnc Republic that it had been produced by the
invasion of the Territoiy by a Missoun mob, which had
oveiavvcd. and outnumbered, and outvoted, the bona Jide
settler^ of the Territory."
On the 8th March, 1855, the Governor issued
his proclamation for the election of a Territoiial
Legislature on the 30th of March thereafter. The
pro-slavery party prevailed,and instantly the cry
of invasion was again raised. The Kansas com-
mittee, in their Report, page 10, say:
"The details of this invasion form the mass of the testi-
mony taken by yout committee, and is *o voluminous that
we can here state but the leading facts elicited."
The testimony referred to established on the
part of the free-State men two resolves:
1. Not to be governed by the laws to be enacted
by the Legislature just elected.
Dr. Wood testifies a3 to the determination of
the Lawrence association, of which he was a
member, as follows:
"They said there was no law in the Territory; that the
organic act was unconstitutional, made so by the repeal of
the Missoun coinpionu-c.; and that they intended to foim
an association, and make and cniorec iheir own laws, ir-
respective of the laws of Congress, until there cou'd be a
change in Congress, by which* ^ie Missouu compromise
could be restored, and the oiga.iic act set a-ade.*' * *
Ck When the Lesjislaiure was about to he elected, they held
a meeting, and brought out then candidates. Aster the Le-
gislature was elected, and betoie they met,theie were sev-
eral meetings held in Lawrence, and ai these meeting* they
passed lesolutions declaim? they would submit to no laws
passed by the Legislature." * * * * "They
, icsolved not to obey the laws that would bo passed by ttie
i Legislature, and only obey their own piovisional laws, un-
til they could foim a'piovisional government for the Tern-
toiv.
" The first general meeting while the Legislature \va« m
session, was held in Lawrence in Julvor August. 18.V). fte-
foie that time their meetings had been of tiie association ;
but tim was the first geneial meeting; this wa* the fiist
meeiing at which I recollect hearing Colonel Lane take
gtound'in opposition to the laws that the Legislature, then
in session, should pass. All the public speakers that 1 heard
theie said they did not intend to obey the laws that should
be passed, but intended to form a provisional government
for themselves."
2. To resist the laws that were passed. Upon
this point Mr. Wood testifies aa follows:
"After the Legislature adjourned, the first meeting at
which I heard any declaiations with regaid to theiesi>t-
ance of the laws was held at Blanton's Bridge. Colonel
Lane, Mi Emery, and Mr John Hutchinson addressed the
meeting, uiging the people to tenet the laws, let the eo-nse-
qiK'nees be what thuy might.
"In private conversation with those men, they always
expressed their determination to resist the laws, and said
the officers and posse should not enforce the laws. They
said they had a new code of laws called Sharpe's Revised
Statutes, and they were going to use them in preference to
any others. It was a common remark, that they would use
Sharpe's Revised Statutes in preference to any others."
* * * * "[ often expostulated with Lane, Rob-
inson, and others, both publicly and privately, as to their
course, and addressed the meeting at Blanton's Bridge in
opposition to their course. They said they would resist the
laws, regardless of consequences."
The free-State men held their first general meet-
ing with a view to a Stategovernmcnton the 15th
of August, 1855. The following preamble and
resolution were there passed:
" Whereas, the people of Kansas have been since its set-
tlement, and now are, without any law-making power:
Therefore be it
" Resolved, That we, the people of Kansas Territory, m
mass meeting assembled, in espective of party distinction,
influenced bjpemnmon necessity, and greatly desirous of
promoting the common good, do hereby call upon and re-
quest all bona fide citizens of Kansas Territory, ofwhatever
political views or predilections, to consult together in their
respective election districts, and, in mass convention or
otherwise, elect three delegates for each representative to
which said election dish ict is entitled m the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Legislative Assembly, by proclamation
of Governor Reeder of date 10th of March, 1855; said del-
egates to assemble in convention, at the town of Topeka,
on the 19th day of September, 1855, then and there to con-
sider and detet mine upon all subjects of public interest, and
particulaily upon that h ivmg reteience to the speedy form-
ation of a State constitution, with an intention of an im-
mediate application to be admitted as a State into the Union
of the United States of America."
At the Topeka convention, an executive com-
mittee was appointed, of which General James
Lane was appointed chairman, who issued the
following proclamation:
" To the le«al voter* of Kansas:
" Whereas, the tuiritornd government, a" now consti-
tuted foi Kansas, has pioved a failure ; squattei sovereignty,
undei its workings,a miseiable delusion j in proof ofwhich
it is only necessary to refer to our past hi-torv and our
present deplorable condition. Our ballot-boxes have been
taken possession of by bands of aimed men from foreign
States; our people foicibly dtiven theiefrom; persons at-
tempted to be foisted upon us as members of a so-called
Legislature, unacquainted with our wants, and hostile to
otir best interests, some of them never residents of otirTer-
ritory, misnamed laws passed, and nowattempted to be en-
forced by the aid of citizens ol foieign States, of the most
oppressive, tyranmcaL, and insulungcharacter ; the rightof
suffrage taken ftom us; debarred from the privilege of a
voice in the election of even the most insignificant ofhceis ;
the light of free speech stifled, the muzzling of the press
attempted: and whereas, longer forbearance with sudi
oppression and tyranny has cea«cd to be a vntue* and
whereas, the people of this country have heretofoie exer-
cised the i ight of changing their form of government when
it became oppressive, and have at all times conceded this
right to the people in this and ail other Governments: and
whereas, a teuitonal form of government is unknown to
th«i Constitution, and is the mere creature of necessity,
awaiting the action of the people: and whereas, the de-
basing chaiacter of the shivery which now involves us im-
pels to action, and leaves us, as the only lot?al and peaceful
alternative, the immediate establishment of a State govern-
ment: and whereas, the organic act fails in pointing out
the course to be adopted in an emergency like oujs : there-
fore, \ou are requested to meet at your several precincts in
said Terutory hereinafter mentioned, on the second Tues-
day of October next, it being the ninth day of said month,
and then and there ea&t your ballots for members of a con-
vention to meet at Topeka on the fourth Tuesday in Octo-
ber next to foim a constitution, adopt a hill of lights for the
people of Kansas, and take all needful measures for organ-
izing a State government, preparatory to the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State."
While the Legislature was in session in July,
1855, a memorial ta the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives was got up by the free-State party,
from which I will submit sundry extracts:
"One of the States of our Union, strong in wpalth,
population, and resouices, relying upon her accumulated
strength of almost half a century, and taking advantage of
our feeble infancy as a people, has invaded our soil, seized
upon our rights, subjugated our Territory, and selected for
us our rulers; intending also to dictate our laws and make
I us the >-iaves of their will. This may well seem an almost
incredible thing in the nineteenth ceiinny, and in this re-
publican Union, the pecuhai and boasted land of liberty and
self government; hut the evidenee of it is as palpable and
undeniable as the fact is bitter and mortifying to us and dis-
graceful to the public.
" This invasion of our soil and usurpation of our rights
commenced in the first moment of calling these rights into
action. The first ballot-box that was opened upon our virgin
soil was closed to us by overpowering numbers and impend-
ing force. It became not what Americans have been proud
to designate it, the exponent of the people's will, but was
converted into the sword of the oppressor to sti ike at civil
liberty- So bold and reckless were our invaders that they
cared not to conceal their attack. They came upon ih, not
in the gmse of voters to steal away our frannhise^bnr boldly
and openly to snatch it with the strong hand. They came
directly from their own homes and m compact and oigan-
, i^ed bands, with aims in hand and piovi-uons lor the expe-
"• dsuon, marched to our polls, and when their woik was done,
leturnod whence they came. It is unneceesaiy to enter
