THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
propmy which the British forces may have earned away;
and au the question relates to slaves moic o^prei°My, foi all
the slaves that the Butish fbice* may have canted away
from places and teuitoncsof which the tieatv stipuiatesthe
restitution, in <|uiiui>u the-o j-ame places ana teintoue^.
" That the United States an: cntulrd to consider a* hav-
ing been so earned away ail such slave- a« may have been
tiansfeued from the abovnnentioned teimoues to l>uti^h
vessels within the watoin of the. -aid temtoiies, and who,
(or tiiis icason, may not have been robtoied.
" But that if there should be any Ameucan Maves who
were earned awa> fiom teriitone& of winch the first aiticlc
of the treaty of (Client ha-* not stipulated the restitution to
the United States, the United States are not entitled to claim
an indemnification for the said slaves.
u Now, for the purpose of carrjin" into effect this award
of his Xmpennl Majesty, arbitrator his good offices ha\e
been Anther invoked to assist in fiammp such convention
or articles of agreement between tiie United Stales oi
America and his Britannic Majesty, as shall piovide the
mode of asceitainmg and determining the value of slaves
and of other pnvate propeity, whicli may have been can ied
away in contuivention of the neaty ol Client, and for which
indemnification is to be made to the citizens or the United
States, in vntue of ins lmpeual Majesty's said award, and
shah secure compensation," &c.
Then the treaty provides for arbitrators and for
the proceeding under it. The provision of it seems
to have been to pay for all slaves that were earned
away, deported, and not subsequently returned to
the owners. The report sets out specifically, in
cach case, the reasons why the claimant did not
prefer the claim before the commission which was
sitting under the trerity for the purpose of arbi-
trating these claims. One honorable Senator on
the other side of the Chamber, has indicated thai
he cannot vote for claims of this character, to pay
for slaves, under any circumstances. T v, on Id
submit to honorable Senators, e\en on that side
of the Chamber, that the King of Great Uritain,
actuated by that good faith which has always
obtained in that nation, certainly in reference to
indemnity, has submitted to the award of the Em-
peror of Russia, and has paid all claims of this
sort which were adjudicated by the commission
or came before them; and I should think that, con-
sidering the state of the opinions of Great Britain—
opinions which I am gratified to see are rapidly
undergoingachange—in relation to the condition
of slavery, if the lung of G rent Britain has amued
to provide this indemnity, Senalois of the United
States may safelv follow thit example.
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. The question originated
by the Senator from Maine i^ a question which
will have an important bearing on my vote upon
this bill, if, by the treaty with Great Hiitain,
the money is in our Treasury to pay for slaves
that were stolen, or captured, or taken away, I
know no reason why } should not vote to pay
from that money to the persons who are entitled
to receive it from the Treasury. I do not under-
stand that that would be at all liable to the objec-
tion which is made by the Senator from New
Hampshire, that it would admit that our Consti-
tution itself recognizes property in man. It only
recognizes that persons may be held to service by
the laws of the States. I confess that, upon the
facts presented, 1 am not now sufficiently advised
to record a vote satisfactorily to myself; [ should
prefer, therefore, that this bill be postponed.
Mr.SEWARD. It is evident, sir,that the prop-
osition to pay money for slaves is presented in this
bill in the simplestand most unobjectionable form
in which it could be offered. It comes nearest to an
exception to the principle stated justly by the hon-
orable Senator from Now Hampshire; but, never-
theless, it is a transaction between Great Britain
and the United States, in which Great Britain has
recognized property in man, and it is presented for
my vote—yea or nay. When I shall have given
my vote for this bill, I shall have made myself a
party to that transaction. There is 110 necessity,
in my view, fordoing so." There is no principle,
no sentiment, no feeling, no motive 111 my consti-
tution, that will permit me to acknowledge prop-
erty by man in man. It does not at all mitigate
my opposition that Great Britain has agreed to it.
1 must take this occasion to diiter from the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia as to the conclusion
at which he has arrived, namely, that there is a
change of public sentiment on this subject in
Gtaat Britain,
19
SATURDAY, JANUARY 1G, 1658.
The best observation that I have made on that
point, has brought me to the conclusion that there
possibly is a poiiiical change in the Government
of Great Britain, in favor of slavery to some ex-
tent; but while thot is the result of commercial
and other influences operating on the Govern-
ment, I am satisfied that the opinion of the people
of Great Britain, and of mankind generally, is to-
day more strongly and firmly combined and con-
solidated in favor of universal freedom than ever
before. If 1 thought, with the honorable Senator
from Virginia, that Great Britain was going over
to the side of slavery in this great dispute, it
would bean additional reason why I should with-
hold my concurrence, because it would be so much
the more necessary to protest, when friends so dis-
tinguished, and who have acted so grand a part
in this great battle, as the people of Great Britain,
had faltered and were falling away from the cause
of truth and virtue.
Mr. MASON. I wish, sir, to refer the honor-
able Senator from Maine to the first article of the
treaty of peaee made at Ghent, which we were in
search of. That article contains this provision:
Cfc All tenitory, place:., and po^e^-ions v\ hati-oevcr. taken
by enhei paif> tiom the othei dmtn<£ the wai ,or winch may
be taken attci the.1 <>i tin-! tu-at), excepting only the
island^ hs'ieni'ittri mentioned, shall b" uMoied without de-
lay, and w about i-au-ut^ «"m\' de-n action, 01 c iinm? itvvay
any' oi the aililicn ot mhei public pioperty ousiin.tily cap-
tured m the s-a'd funs or pl.u't*^, .md whu'h -hall lemain
t herein nuo:i the t \< iiav're n: the i.u.ib at ton-' oi thi> Ucaty,
01 anv shiver. 01 o?li"i pn\ itc pi opei l\
Air. PTTGH. fi scmos to me, sir. that this is
a very simple question. In the articles of peace,
as read by the Senator from Virginia, which wen-
signed at Ghent, it w;:s stipulated that the British
forces, in retiring, should lestore all the propeitv
of every description which had been taken from
the people of the United States within their ter-
ritories, and slaves weie specially mentioned in
the ticaty. That is not a new provision. The
identical provision will be found m the prelim-
inary articles of pe ice signed at Paris, acknowl-
edging the Independence of the United States,
and reiterated m the definitive treaty of peace
signed, I think, in the spring of the following
year. A question, however, arose upon the treaty
ot Ghent, as read by the Senator from Virginia,
which led to negotiations unit resulted in the sub-
sequent treaty of whi'di he nlso lead, and
which was mme spot ilh. on this \<*rv point. Al-
though he read that pipage, 1 shall take the
liberty of reading it again.
The quest ioo, it seems, had been referred to the
arbitration of the Emperor of Russia to intelpn t
the treaty of Ghent oil this very subject, and he
made an award which, if the Senate will pardon
me, I shall read. lie made it twice. The first
award will be found m the eighth volume of the
Statutes at Large, pigc 29k2, and reiterated on
page ^94, in whieh the arbitraioi decided the very
question which the Senator from Maine now sug-
gests—whether this indemnification was to be fur
slaves who took refuge with the British com-
manders, and wore carried away, or for those
who were taken violently, and against their own
will. The Emperor of Russia decided that the
Bntish Government should pay us for the slaves
who ran away from their master*, and took refuge
with the British forces. The British Government
has paid the money, and we have it; and now we
propose to keep it, and to sot up a question of
molality against the ownei of the slaves after we
have received the monev!
The British Government, it appears, protested
against paying for these slaves, end in response
to this objection, Count Nesselrode, in a letter to
Mr. Middleton, of April 22,182:2, said:
In answer to tin.- observation, the under>n;ncd U charged
by his Imperial .Uaie-ty to comtinuiicv.ie what lollow.s'to
the Minuter oi' tin* United States ot America.
Th" Ernpcioi having, by the mutual consent of the two
plenipoteuu.u'e<, 2iven an opinion, founded solely upon tiie
sense winch resuii- from Ine text of the artulc in depute,
does, nof think him=r-]f oalW upon to decide heic any ques-
tion i dative to wnatthe Jaw-; of war peunUor lorlnd to the
belligerents ; but. always faithful to the grammatical niter-
pi elation of theft)-* auicltjoi tiie treaty of Ghent, ln& lm-
peual Majesty declaio^, a second time, that it appears to
him accoidmg to tins intcipretation—
New Series No. 39.
1 That, in quitting the place? and terntom? of which
the treaty of Ghent stipulate* the restitution to t,!e United
States, iit> Britannic Majesty's ibices had no right to carry
away fiom the-e same places and temtoiies, absolutely,
any slave, by whatever means he had fallen or conic into
their power.' " , *
That is the decision of the umpire. Then this
treaty was made and ratified in July, 1822, by
which Great Britain paid us the value of these
slaves, and we have the money; but now instead
of paying it to the persons to whom it was stip-
ulated it should be paid under the treaty, we pro-
pose, as I say, to keep the money, and to plead a
soit of gambling pleaor something else. It seems
to me to be the plainest question that ever was
presented to the Senate. We have the money,
and it belongs to these people.
As to the question of property in men, I do not
think that arises. I find m our books, cases of
actions brought by the master for enticing away
his apprentice, binding courts and jurors to givo
a verdict equivalent to the value of the service of
the apprentice taken. J do not care whether you
call him slave or apprentice, we have recognized
the right to the money, and we have the money,
and I think we ought to pay it to the man who
owned the slaves.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen."t>ll, Hrodenck, Brown,
Clay, Cuttenden, Dau-, J.)oonuh . Pou^ias, Evans, Fitch,
Fit/p.iiiiek. Oieen, Ou in, JJaiienond, Houston, I version,
John-on of At kan sac, John-" on of IVnnes^ee, Kennedy, Mal-
loi v, Ma-,011,1'earcc, Po'k, Fnjrh. lute 11, Stuart,
Tonmb-. WriL'ht, and Yulee—,12.
NAYS—M'Otuueion, Chandb-r, Claik, Collniner,
!>)\un, Jjurkoe. Fc^enden, Fo-Um. Hale, Hamlin, King,
SScwnid, Tiumbull, Wade, and \Vil>on—15.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MALLORV, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 14, 1858.
The Home met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. H. Chapman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER <)F BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the call of committees for reports;
and that reports weie in ordor from the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I lmve a report to offer from,
the Committee of Elections.
PRINTING OF PAPERS.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. I would notinterfere
with my colleague, but theic ic only one hour kit
for debate on the President's message. 1 there-
fore move that the role? be suspended, and that
the Tlouse resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
But, prior to that motion being put, I must ask
permission to have some papers, relative to the
deficiency bill, printed, for the use of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. A«rury Dicxins, their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed a reso-
lution to extend and dtiine the authority ot the
President under the act appioved January 1G,
3857, entitled (< An act to amend an act ^entitled
4 An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,
in respect to dropped and retired naval officers; in
which he was directed to ask the concuirence
of the House.
QUESTION OF OTiDEU.
Mr. J. GLANCY J0:\T HS. i" ujw renew my
motioh.
Mr. MORGAN. There was a difference of
