1858.]
35th Cong...1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Barlcsdale.
Ho. of Reps.
It is unnecessary forme, sir, to repeat the events
of that period. They have been often depicted
during the present session of Congress in the dis-
cussion of this Kansas question, and are well
known to the country. And from that period to
the present, whenever a slave State has applied
for admission into the Union—as in the case of
Arkansas, of Florida, and of Texas—the country
has passed through the same scenes of agitation,
of excitement, and of turmoil, through which we
are passing now.
Mr. Chairman, when a State applies for admis-
sion into the Union, what are the inquiries to be
made by Congress? First, whether the constitu-
tion is the act and will of the people of that Ter-
ritory, or inchoate State; and secondly, whether
her constitution is republican in form. To arrive
at a satisfactory solution of these questions, as
connected with the application of Kansas, I pro-
pose to call the attention of the House to certain
facts, the authenticity of which no one can suc-
cessfully controvert.
On the 3d of February the President of the Uni-
ted States, in the patriotic discharge of his duty,
transmitted to Congress a constitution formed by
Kansas, at Lecompton, with her application for
admission into the Union, accompanied by a mes-
sage marked with extraordinary ability, urging
her admission. The question for'us to ask is",
is this the constitution of the people of Kansas?
Have they made it ? Is it their act and deed, and
are they applying for admission into the Union
under it?
The objects of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, intro-
duced into the Senate by Judge Douglas, who
was its avowed champion, were to organize these
Territories; to confer upon the people whatever
powers of legislation were possessed by Congress;
to leave them perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way; to
banish the slavery question, with its accompany-
ing evils, from the Hails of Congress, and to repeal
the Missouri restriction, thus establishing the
principle of non-intervention, upon which patriot-
ic, national men, of all sections, could stand. That
bill became the law of the land. The Missouri
restriction was repealed, and Kansas and Nebras-
ka became organized Territories. A Governor of
Kansas and other officers were appointed. A Ter-
ritorial Legislature was elected by the people, and
all the machinery of a territorial government put
in operation. It has been charged, however, that
there were frauds practiced in the election of the
first Legislature of tlie Territory of Kansas. I do
notknovv how that may be. I do know, however,
that before the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed— '
after it became evident that it would pass—an or-
ganization was gotten up in the State of Massachu- •
setts, with a capital amounting to $3,000,000, for |
the purpose of sending emigrants into Kansas, j
with a view, not of becoming citizens, but of shaping :
and controlling its institutions, and defeating the
objects of the law. Wow, sir, what does Judge |
Douglas say with reference to the organization
of this Emigrant Aid Society, in an official docu-
ment, in his report to the Senate, made before he I
had formed an unhallowed combination with the '
Black Republicans to defeat this bill?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken in i
what he says about a society organized, as he i
says, in Massachusetts. 'j
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand, sir, what '
are the facts in connection with the organization '
of this society. Its objects were to defeat the 1
law; and many of those who went to that Terri- i
tory under its auspices, left it, never to return, !
immediately after the first election. J
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman let me cor- '
rect him ? . :
Mr. BARKSDALE. No , sir. I do not mean j
to treat the gentleman discourteously, but I can- ii
notyield. [j
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say to the gentleman ,
that no such society was organized in Massachu- i
setts as he has described. [
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why, sir, it has never :i
been denied before, to my knowledge. "
Mr. DAWES. It is denied now. He is mis-
taken about the society. j
Mr. BARKSDALE. The Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] boldly avowed it in the j:
Senate, and it was admitted upon this floor by the i!
New Series—No. 2'2.
gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Mace, a member of
this House in the Thirty-Third Congress.
Mr, SINGLETON. Mr. Mace acknowledged
that he was president of the association.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says that the
Legislature of Massachusetts incorporated such
a society.
Mr, BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I did not say the Legislature incorporated
the society. I said there was an organization
formed with a capital of $3,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. And formed in Massachusetts,
I understand you to say.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Yes, sir; that is my un-
derstanding.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken.
There was no such society formed in Massachu-
setts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I repeat , sir, that I have
never heard the fact denied before. It has been
gloried in by the Representatives from Massachu-
setts heretofore. I recollect that the Senator from
Massachusetts avowed it, and exulted 111 it on the
floor of the Senate. I allude to Mr. Sumner, in
that celebrated speech of his, which gentlemen on
the other side of the House will remember, per-
haps, forever.
And let me state here that the candidate of the
anti-slavery ]iarty for Congress, in the first elec-
tion, left the Territory immediately after the re-
sult was made known, and never returned.
The object of that organization, I repeat, was
to defeat the purpose of the law, and to prevent
slaveholders from enjoying their property in that
Territory. Here is what Judge Douglas says:
<c The passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act was strenu-
ously rt-siated by all persons who thought it a less evil to de-
prive the people of new States and Territories of the right
ot State equality aud self-government than to allow ilium
to decide the slavery question for themselves, as every State
of the Union had done, and must retain the undeniable
right to do, so long as the Constitution of the United States
shall be maintained as the supieme law of the land. Find-
ing opposition to the principles of the act unavailing in the
Ilallft ot Congiess, and under the forms of the Constitution,
combinations were immediately entered into in some por-
tions of the I'n ion to control the political destimo«, and form
and regulate the domestic institutions of those Toriitouos
and future States, through the machinery of emigrant aid
I soeiciiea."
| Here, I have quoted the language of yourgreat
i leader, in his war upon Kansas and the South, in
| regard to these emigrant aid societies 
j Mr. DAWES', if the gentleman will permit
; me, I will in a moment set him right in this mat-
; ter.
j Mr. BARKSDALE. I only have an hour,
: and the gentleman will see that! have no time to
f spare. Judge Douglas continues:
j " fn order to cive consistency and eflioieney to tbomovft-
; nient, and Mirrounu it with the eoloi ot ie«al authority, an
, act of incorporation way pioourod fiom the Legislature of
the State ot Massachusetts, when a powertul corporation,
i with a capital of $5,1)00,000, invented in houses and lands,
, in meichandise and uiiilbj in cannon and rifles, in powder
| and lead, in a!) the implements of ait, agriculture, and war,
! and employing a corresponding number of men, all under
j the management and control ot non-resident directors and
■ stockholders, who are authorized by their ehartei to vote by
! proxy to the extent of fiity votes each, enter-, a distant and
j sparsely-fettled Teiritory. with the fixed puipose ot wield-
ing ail its power to control the domestic iiisiitutions and
; political destinies* of the Territory, it becomes a question of
i tearful unpoit how tar the opeiations of the company are
compatible with the rightsand hbei ties of the people. What-
ever may be the extent or limit of congressional authonty
over the Territories, it is clear that no individual State has
the right to pass any law, or authorize any aet, concerning
or affecting the Territories which it might not enact m ref-
erence to any other Slate. It is a well-settled pimciple of
constitutional law m this country, that, while all the States
of the Union are united in one, for ceitam purpose?., yet
each State, in respect to everything winch affects? its domes-
tic policy and internal concern, stands in the relation of a
foreign power to every other State. Hence, no Stan* has a
right to pass any law, or do or authorize any act, with a view
to influence or change the domestic policy o( any other State
or Territory of the Urnon, moie than it would with refer-
ence to France or England, or any other foreign State \\ ith
winch we are at peace. Indeed, every State of this Union
is undei higher obligations to observe a friendly forbearance
and generous comity towards each other member of the
Confederacy, than the laws of nations, can impose on foreign
States." *
I have thus established the fact of the organi-
zation of this society by the testimony of Judge
Douglas, who was eloquent in denunciation of
its objects.
The fact that there was such an organization
in existence, I repeat, has never been denied be-
fore, to my knowledge.
Mr. DAWES. I do not deny that.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There may have been
frauds in that election. I do notpretend to know
how the facts are. If there were frauds on one
side, there were frauds, doubtless, on the-other;
and if Missourians invaded that Territory, itwas
for the purpose of counteracting that which had
been improperly and illegally done by the Emi-
grant Aid Society of Massachusetts.
But, sir, how was it ? Members of that Legis-
lature were commissioned by Governor Reeder
himself. He issued their commissions and he did
not object to that Legislature upon the ground of
its illegality, until after it removed the place of
its meeting. The Territorial Legislatureof!855
: passed an act, submitting the question to the peo-
ple, whether they desired a convention to be called
to organize a State government or not. That ques-
tion was submitted to the people. Every man in
that Territory had the right to vote; the United
States troops were there to protect them in that
right, if they did not have the courage to protect
themselves. If the anti-slavery party of the Ter-
ritory were opposed to organizing aotate govern-
ment, why did they not say so? They refused
to obey the law; to exercise the privilege which
had been guarantied to them under it; a iarg-e ma-
jority, almost a unanimous vote, was given in
favor of calling a convention of the people to or-
ganize a State government. Armed with Sharpe's
rifles, with cannon and ball, and all the imple-
ments and munitions of war, the object of those
who were sent into the Territory of Kansas by
these emigrant aid societies, was to set at defi-
ance the authority of the Federal Government
and the Territorial Legislature, and headed by
such miscreants and demagogues as Lane and
Robinson, they have been but too successful in
accomplishing it.
They n.ot only refused to obey the law, but
property was rendered insecure, and human life
itself was put in constant peril. The country
was ever and anon shocked with accounts of mur-
ders and assassinations committed by the aban-
doned outcasts who were gathered from the dens
and purlieus of northern cities, and transported
into that Territory by these emigrant aid socie-
ties. Arson, robbery, and murder, and every
crime known to the black catalogue of crimes,
were commuted by these outlaws and traitors.
Yet we are told that, because they did not vote,
this constitution is not the will of the people of
Kansas. Sir, are we to be influenced by conduct
like this ? The true people of Kansas, those who
had fixed their homes and cast their destiny in
that Territory, and whose interests were identi-
fied with it, decided, under the forms of law, th.it
a convention should be held; the succeeding L' -
gislature passed an act requiring all the voters of
the Territory to be registered preparatory to the
election; officers were regularly appointed to regis-
ter the names. But these men refused to obey
the law, or avail themselves of the rights which
had been so carefully secured to them. Law-
abiding citizens of the Territory, however, dtd
observe the law, to the number of more than nine
thousand.
After this opportunity had been given to every
man in the Territory to register his name, an elec-
tion was held for delegates to this convention—
the apportionment having been made by Mr. Sec-
retary Stanton himself. Here, again, was another
opportunity afforded to the free-State men of that
Territory to have secured a majority in that con-
vention, and thus to have made a free-State con-
stitution, or a constitution prohibiting slavery, if
they desired to do so. They did not vote; or, if
they did vote, they were in a minority, and hence
a laige majority of pro-slavery delegates were
elected to that convention.
In due course of time—the time specified by
law—the convention met, having been elected by
the people at the ballot-box, every man in the Ter-
ritory having had an opportunity of participating
in the election of those delegates. The validity of
this convention was recognized by the President
in his instructions to Governor Walker, and by
Judge Douglas himself in a speech delivered by
him at Springfield, Illinois, in which he declares
that:
" Kansas is about to speak for herself, through her dele-
gates assembled in convention to form a constitution pre-
