290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
opinion yesterday with regard to who was en-
titled to the floor m committee; and to obviate all
difficulty in that respect, I hope that by common
consent the time for debate may be extended one
hour. That will settle all the difficulty, and be
perfectly satisfactory, I presume, to all sides of
the House I therefore ask that by common
consent the limit of debate may be extended one
hour.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection to the extension of' time one hour by com-
mon consent. But I wish to call the attention of
the House 
The SPEAKER.' The Chair desires to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Georgia that the ques-
tion of order was x'aised in committee, and that
the Chair has no cognizance of the question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 know that.
The members present know very well that the
question of order was in committee. But I wish
to call the attention of the House, before this mat-
ter is settled, to a decision in point, made in the
Twenty-Eighth Congress; and the ruling in com-
mittee, and in the House, has been uniform ever
since this decision. J read from the House Jour-
nal of March G, 1844:
" Mr. Duncan again obtained tile floor, and proceeded to
debate tfie question on said amendment.
c( Mr. Dickinson made a question of oider, Tlj.it Mr. Dun-
Can having -jioken one houi since tins lull was taken up
lor consideration, it was no! in oidel for ilini again to -peak.
"The Speaker (Mr. Hopkins being in tne ciian) de-
cided (hat (na-mtr'li a<* an amendment iiad been offered
since Mr. Duncan bad spoken, and the question was en-
tirely changed, he was enritled ro the floor
" Fiom this decision Mr. Dickinson appealed ; and
"The question was put, < Shall Hie decision of the Chair
stand a* the judgment of the House?
"And decided m the affirmative/5
1 have the report of the debate on that very case
in which those learned in parliamentary law sus-
tained the decision of the Chair; and that has been
the uniform practice of the House since.
Mr. HOUSTON. This question I understand
to be debatable in committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wished to
make this statement, and 1 call the attention of
the House to it.
Mr. MORGAN. I waive the point as to
whether the gentleman is right or wrong. As-
suming that he is right, I think that lime may be
saved by the proposition which 1 have made, and
which 1 presume will be satisfactory to all sides
of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I stated, I
have no objection to the extension of time, but 1
wish it distinctly understood that it is not by way
of concession of any right on my part, for I am
clearly entitled to the floor under the rule and
ruling of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I now ask that by unani-
mous consent the time for closing debate be ex-
tended to two o'clock to-day.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
reference of papers.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for a mo-
ment. I desire to return the papers in the cose
of John C. Rives, in order to have them referred
to the Committee on Printing and Binding. They
were erroneously sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will ellow me to have a re,"solution
read, which I desire to introduce. It will con-
sume no time, and it is of some consequence that
it should be acted on.
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. The time for de-
bate having been extended, I have no objection
to anything which will.not consume too much
time.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now renew my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of
the president's annual message.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
on the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Thayer] to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Matnap.d,]
moving the reference of a certain portion of the
message to the Committee on Military Affairs;
upon which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] is entitled to the floor. The question
immediately pending, however, is on an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, taken by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair ] The gen-
tleman from Missouri raised the question of order
that the gentleman from Georgia was not entitled
to the floor on the ground that he had spoken
once on the pending question. The Chair over-
ruled the question of order, and now desires to
state that in 1854 a similar question of order was
made upon a distinguished gentleman from Mis-
souri. The ruling of the Chair was then the same
as that of the Chair in the present case. The
Chair now refers to the Congressional Globe of
1854. After Mr. Benton had consumed an hour,
Mr. Wentworth,of Illinois, offered ail amend-
ment, and Mr. Benton was assigned the floor
again, and went on with the speech which he had
commenced. The ruling of the Chair yesterday
was in accordance with the universal practice of
the House.
Mr. BLAIR. In consequence of the extension
of the time allowed for debate, I beg leave to
withdraw my appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot, in the
little time which I have, reply to all that has been
said in this debate which does not meet my ap-
proval, and which I think founded in error. I
shall, however, in the remarks which I make,
confine myself to a few principles which govern
the whole question.
The proposition before the committee is to refer
certain matters to the Committee on thejudicinry,
with instructions to report upon the expediency
of a repeal or modification of the existing laws
upon the subject of the neutrality of the United
States. I stated tothecommittce, when the subject
was first mentioned, some reasons why I thought
there ought to be a modification of some parts of
the act of 1818. The views then presented by me,
and by others who spoke on my side of the ques-
tion, have been commented on at large by gentle-
men on both sides of the House.
Now, sir, I wish to state in the outset that I
do not intend that gentlemen on the other side of
the question shall occupy our ground in this dis-
cussion. They shall not stand before the coun-
try as the advocates of law and order to the exclu-
sion of myself and those who agree with ine in
the views which I present. They shall not stand
befoie the country as the exclusive defenders and
friends of the faith of treaties and the duties grow-
ing out of international law. That, sir, is the
ground i stand upon. It is the ground I assumed
when 1 nddiessed the committee before. I am
here to-day as the advocate of law and order, of
constitutional and international law. 1 am not in
favor of individuals or nations breaking faith. I
am here to defend the Constitution and laws, as I
understand them, and the maintenance of the good
faith of this naion. It is they who advocate and
defend a breach of the law under the pretext of
] enforcing law.
Gentlemen have argued this question as if they
supposed that I were against the maintenance of
the neutral lelations of this Government, as if I
were in favor either of nations or individuals vio-
lating the public faith. I disclaim it. I am for the
national faith; and, so far as the laws of the United
States declare or embody or set forth the law of
nations, I would not erase a word or modify a syl-
lable. I am not for repealing or abrogating our
neutrality laws, so far as they express the laws of
nations. But, if it be so, that a part of the act of
1818 goes further than the law of nations, I am
myself in favor of a modification of that act to that j
extent. And, if there be any part of the law of !
1818, which admits of a doubt, I am in favor of !
removing that doubt. Section eight of the act of |
1818 does admit of a doubtful construction. Dif- |
ferent Administrations of this Government have i
put different constructions upon that section of the j
act of 1818. 1 say that it should be made clear
and distinct, beyond a doubt. As I said the first i
day, I say now, that is the part cf legislators, and
that is what I want to have done.
Now, sir, I wish to call the attention of this
committee to the eighth section of the act of 1818,
and I wish the reporters to publish that section in
full, that those who may read hereafter, may un-
derstand as well as those who now hear mc,with
the law before them, what is the law upon this
subject:
'* Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in every cape in
which a vessel shall be fitted out and armed, or attempted
to be fated pat and aimed, or in winch the- toico of any
vessel of war, ciuiser, or other armed vessel, &iiall bp in-
cieased or augmented,01 in which any imlitaiy expedition
or entetpiise shall be begun or set on foot, contiaiy to the
piovisions and prohibitions of this acf; and jn everv case
of the captuie of a ship 01 vessel within the jm^diction or
protection of the United States as before defined, and m
every case in which any process issuing out of atn cou t
of the United States shall be disobeyed or icsi-ted by any
peison oi persons having the custody of any vessel or war,
ctinser, or other armed vessel of any foreign prince or
State, or of any colony, district, or people, or ot any sub-
jects or citizens of any foreign prince or State, 01 of any
colony, district, or people, in every such case it s-finll be 'K
lawful for the President of the United State*, or such other
pen-on as he shall have empowered for that purpose, to
employ such part of the land or naval forces of the United
States, or of the militia thereof, for the purpose of taking
possesion of and detaining any such ship or vessel, with her
prize or prizes, if any, in order to the execution of the pro-
hibitions and penalties of this act, and to the restonng the
puze or prizes in the cases in which restoration Miall have
been adjudged, and also for the puipose of prevennng the
carrying on of any such expedition or enteipu-e from the
territories or jurisdiction of the United States asamst the
terntoues or dominions of any foreign prince or State, or of
any colony, district, or people, with whom the United States
are at peace."
In the first place, I affirm, I challenge contra-
diction; I defy any man to rise upon this floor and
say that, under this act as it stands, the Presi-
dent can use the Army or Navy at all, either in-
side or outside of the marine league. It is only
by construction, it is only by interpolating some
words; for the language of the law is that lie shall
use "such pari of the land and naval force."
Wlial part ? Does it mean such as he may deem
necessary? It does not say so. Docs it mean
such as maybe in a certain place? What does
it mean ? Where is the correlative of sveh ? As
the section stands, it is meaningless; woids were
omitted. Read it for yourselves. There was
clearly an omission in copying. But what 1 mean
is, that (his section needs revision and amendment.
As it now stands, the President, cannot, but by
implication, but by construction, but by supply-
ing some words not expressed, use any part of
the military force anywhere.
Now, sir, I am not opposed to the President
using such portion of the naval and land foice of
the country as may be necessary to enforce the
laws. I do not want any gentleman to understand
me as maintai,ling any such doctrine. I think ihe
President should be clothed, and amply clothed,
with powers to enforce your laws. But the law,
as it stands, is meaningless and senseless.
There is, Mr. Chairman, another matter of
doubtful construction in this act besides that.
That is whether, under this eighth section, the
President can use the land and naval force outside
of the marine league, even with the omitted words
supplied?—whether the law intended that he
should ? I stated when up before, and lepeat now,
that I do not believe that it was the intention of
the act ever to confer upon the President any power
outside of the marine league.  I stated to the com-
mittee then, that I did not give the opinion with-
out reflection. It was no new subject to me; and
I now maintain all 1 then said.
I premise by stating this proposition: thfit all
laws, in the legislation of this or any other coun-
try, are to be interpreted and understood as intra-
temtorial, and to apply within the juiisdiction of
the law-making power, unless the contrary is ex-
pressed. General acts of Pari lament do not extend
to provinces or colonies without being so ex-
pressed. I affirm that, as an indisputable prop-
osiiion, this act upon its face is intra-territorial.
Whenever you give power to your Navy upon
the high seas, or express extra-tern tonal legisla-
tive authority, it is so stated in the law, and ex-
pressly. Now, if we measure this law by that
rule of construction, we are bound to suppose
that the Legislature did not intend anything but
an nitra-territorial law. From the beginning to
the end, everything about it shows that that was
the intention.
Mr. GROESBECIf. If the gentleman will al-
low me, I will cafl his attention to section thud,
which makes it penal for a person or citizen out-
side of the jurisdiction of the United States, to fit
out a vessel to cruise against the citizens or vessels
of the United States; and it further provides that,
