2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26.
a mile to persons employed as this gentleman
was, to coyer traveling expenses. The Committee
on Contingent Expenses examined into it, and it
appeared to them that that allowance ought to
have been satisfactory. The expense of traveling
perhaps was three cents a mile, but I think the
committee allowed ten. The chairman of our
committee supposed that that compensation was
amply sufficient.
Mr. IVERSON. The chairman seems to have
been laboring under a misapprehension, from the
memorandum he left stating that a portion of this
account was for services rendered. He has writ-
ten here, " Dr. Towle was receiving six dollars a
day as clerk to the Committee on Claims." The
chairman was mistaken; no part of this account
includes anything for services at all. It is simply
to give him the mileage that is usually charged in
such cases, and the actual amount paid out for his
support and for hiring a buggy; that is all.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is certainly a mistake
in regard to this case. Mr. Towle was receiving
six dollars a day as clerk to the Committee 011
Claims while he was absent, and, in addition, re-
ceived ten cents a mile for his traveling expenses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ This resolution,
making a charge on the contingent fund, must
have three readings.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to refer
it to the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection may be
made to the second reading of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend from
Arkansas will not make the objection. The last
Committee on Claims knew all about it. It has
been once there; and the Senate may dispense*
with the necessity of sending it there again.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall not
make the motion.
The resolution was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand how it
is that we are to pay out of the contingent fund
of the Senate for information in relation to the
Aroostook country. Who sent him ? What was
his authority?
Mr. IVERSON. He was sent under a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 18th of August, 1856,
authorizing and instructing the Committee on
Claims to send an agent for the purpose of making
certain investigations. There is a claim now—a
very large claim—ponding against the United
States for the value of this property; and he was
sent there, as a protection to the United States, to
examine the value of it,and report. He performed
very valuable and somewhat arduous service.
Mr. HUNTER, it seems to me it ought not
to come out of the contingent fund. It is a mat-
ter affecting the general interest of the United
States, and'belongs to an appropriation bill. It is
not proper that we should institute such commis-
sions, and pay for them out of the contingent
fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The facts in this ease are
vety simple, and I have boon surprised that there
should be the slightest objection in the woild to
the claim as made. The claimant was and is the
clerk of the Senate Committee on Claims. Before
that committee was a very considerable claim in-
volving some fifty or sixty thousand dollars, as
it turned out, on the part of different people in the
State of Maine, on account of lands which they
had lost under the treaty of Washington. One
principal difficulty and a probability of great ex-
pense arose from the reason that they were all
small claims, and all involved questions of title,
which questions of title were to be examined and
consideied. In the Committee on Claims that
difficulty occurred, and the then chairman, I think,
or some one of the committee—I do not know who
it was, at any rate it did not come from the clerk
of the committee—proposed that we should get
"leave to send somebody there in the iccess to take
proof of those titles. The Senate accordingly
passed an order to that cffcct, that the Committee
on Claims be authorized to sund an agent in the
recess for the purpose of taking this testimony.
After this resolution passed, and it came to be
discussed who should be the individual sent, it
was suggested that we had better send our own
clerk, because we could rely on what he would
do under the direction of the committee. Accord-
ingly in the recess he went, and he was gone for
some five or six weeks. I know enough of the
country to know what he had to do. He had to
travel for a large distance through a country
where there is no railroad,no stage-coach; where
he must get along by private conveyance, as he
could, and sleep in cabins. They are all settle-
ments in the woods, far up on the line; and he
must necessarily have had a very hard time of it.
He came back, drew out a very lengthy and cor-
rect report of his transactions; and on that report
a bill was founded, which passed the committee 4
unanimously, and again passed the committee
unanimously at this session, and has been passed
also by the committee of the House, but has not
yet become a law. For all these services which
lie thus rendered in connection with that matter,
all the claim he made was three dollars a day for
actual expenses, which certainly would not more
than cover them, and the ordinary mileage of ten
cents allowed to an officer for traveling for a pub^
lie purpose; and that claim is that which is pre-
sented, amounting, for the whole expenses, to
something over three hundred dollars. He ought
to have charged more, according to the system
which prevails here; certainly much more. If he
had charged §500, instead of $300, I suppose the
result would have been that everybody would be
satisfied with the striking off of $150, and giving
htm more than he claims now; but being an hon-
est man, and traveling under these circumstances,
performing that service, he makes this charge.
No reasonable man, it strikes me, can object to it.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. POLK. I wish to understand if the reso-
lution has been reported against by the commit-
tee to whom it was referred ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has never been
any report at all on the subject.
Mr. POLK. I wish to understand the matter.
The Senator from New Jersey was making some
remarks on it when I came in.
Mr. IVERSON. f will state, for the benefit
of the Senator from Missouri, that this account
was referred at the last session to the Committee
on Contingent Expenses; and Judge Evans made
the following indorsement on the papers:
" Mr. Towle was, at the time he performed the service,
clerk of the Committee on Claims, receiving an actual sal -
ary of six dollars a day, and therefoie 110 part of this account
c.m be allowed except foi expenses actually incurred, of
winch he must return an account. •
" JOSIAH J. EVANS."
This is for the expenses; no part of it is for
I salary or services.
I Mr. POLK. What I wish to get at is this:
whether any committee has inquired to ascertain
; whether the actual expenses are 111 amount what;
: is now proposed to be paid by the resolution ? for,
whatever the actual expensesare,l am icadyand
willing to vote the payment of them; but I wish
to know that they are actual expenses.
Mr. IVERSON. I will say, in response, that
the account, as made out by Mr. Towle, was pre-
sented to the Committee on Claims at the last
Congress, and examined and allowed by them,
and signed by Mr. Brodhead, the chairman, and
every member of the committee.
Mr. POLK. And the amount proposed to be
paid is that which was allowed?
Mr. IVERSON. Exactly.
Mr. POLK. That is satisfactory.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to state, for the in-
. formation of the Senator from Missouri, that this
\ claim was before the Committee on Contingent
i Expenses, and the committee unanimously agreed
! to allow ten cents a mile, which they thought was
i ample compensation. That amounted to over two
: hundred dollars. This gentleman, during that
| time, was receiving his pay as clerk of the Com-
; mitteeon Claims; and for this service, which was
i a mere pleasure trip to the North, we proposed to i
! allow him ten cents a mile, which we deemed am- 1
^ ply sufficient.
i Mr. POLK. Has he received ten cents a milft
, in addition to what is now proposed? ["No!
!no!"]
' Mr. IVERSON. He has not received as yet
, one cent; but the $200 for mileage is charged to
■ this account, and forms a part of it. The balance
^ of $120 is his bill for expenses, and the hiring of
[ a buggy.
: Mr. WRIGHT. I have said the committee
proposed to allow ten cents a mile, which we con-
sidered sufficient for the services. I object to fche
consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution can-
not be read a third time to-day, objection being
made.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 341)
making appropriations for repairing and securing
the works of the harbor of Chicago, Illinois,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. When I was cut off by the
termination of the morning hour yesterday, I
had nearly concluded the very brief reply I was
making to the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] and the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] I was replying to
/he position which was assumed by those gentle-
•Jmen, that on account of the difficulty of apportion-
*^ing taxation, and particularly the expense of an
improvement of this kind, it was best to put it
upon the whole people of the United States, by
taking it out of the general fund. The honorable
Senator from Vermont seemed to consider that
the citizens of Vermont would be compensated
by the benefit resulting to the general commerce
of the country. I wish, in a very few words, to
show that Senator that the very same injustice
exists that would exist under other circumstances.
The cotton-planter on the Mississippi liver, who
gets his cotton freighted to New Orleans at a less
price, by reason of removing the snags and re-
moving the bars,"and cheapening the transporta-
tion, gets as much of that general advantage as
the wool-grower in Vci mont; and, besides that,
he has all the special advantage. That argument
of general advantage, then, amounts to nothing
I-Ie is putting his burdens, his special burdens,
on the general fund, and equally participating in
all the results of the consequential benefits of the
general commerce of the country. So the inequal-
ity is precisely the same; that argument does not
remove the inequality. The same injustice is
done to his constituents by cheapening the trans-
portation of my cotton in the one case as in the
other, because if 1 paid the expense of cheap-
ening the transportation myself I should get the
general benefits resulting to the commerce of the
country, and so would the man in Vermont. If 1
can throw it on him and the rest of society, I par-
ticipate as much in the general prosperity as he
does; and, besides that, I reap all the special ad-
vantage, and so the injustice is as much 111 the
one case as in the other. Instead of this idea of
the nationality of a work being a reason for throw-
ing it on the common fund, it is a reason against
it, on all principles of justice and equality. If
theie aie a great number of people directly bene-
fited, so much the less the buiden on them to
make the improvement, so much the harder to
put if on others.
Take the case I put yesterday. Take the man
in Vermont, who has even no imperfect natural
way of transporting his commodities to market;
he makes an artificial one. Why should not the
Government help him to do it? If the Govern-
ment makes a railroad to Vermont or Georgia, it
enables the planters to grow what they could not
grew before, and to transport to market what they
do grow at a less price than they did before, by the
whole difference between the cost of transporta-
tion on an ordinary road and a railroad and the
saving of time. Then there is as much public
advantage in the Government building a railroad
in Vermont as clearing out the Mississippi, and
that same advantage is spread over the country m
the same way. Why, then, should it not build
a railroad ? Why, instead of doing that, should
it put a burden on Yei mont railroads to the whole
extent of the duty on raihoad iron, and upon
Geoigia railroads, and take that identical money
and use it to remove obstructions from the Mis-
sissippi river ? I think there is nothing m the con-
dition of the two sections of the country that
would warrant it. It is unjust to Vermont; it ra
unjust to Georgia; it is unjust to'the people on
the Mississippi who do not use the river. It is
true, they may get a portion of the general ad-
vantage that results to the commerce of the coun-
try; but so does the man whose tolls are pu.d
from the public Treasury; and, besides that, he
gets the specific advantage of cheapening his own
bales of cotton or hogshead of sugar. Hence the
