338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Barlcsdah.
Ho. of Reps.
paratory to her admission into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States. Peace and prosperity now
prevail throughout her borders. The law under which her
delegates are about to he elected is believed to be just and
fair in all its objects and provisions. There is every reason
to hope and believe that the law will be fairly interpreted
and impartially executed, so as to insure to every bona fide
inhabitant the free aud quiet exercise of his elective fian-
chise. If any portion of the inhabitant?, acting tinder the
advice ofthe political leaderte in a distant State, shall choose
to absent themselves from the polls, and withhold their
votes, with a view of leaving the free-State Demociats in
a minority, and thus securing a pro-slavery constitution, in
opposition to the wishes of a majority of the people living
under it, let the responsibility rest upon those who, for par-
tisan purposes, will sacrifice the principles they profess to
cherish and promote. Upon them, and upon the political
party for whoae benefit and under the direction of whose
leaders they act, let the blame be visited of fastening upon
the people of a new State, institutions repugnant to their
feelings, and in violation of their wishes. The organic act
feeures to the people of Kansas the sole and exclusive right
of forming and regulating their domestic institutions to suit
themselves, subject to no other hmhations than that which
the Constitution of the United States imposes. The Dem-
ocratic party is determined to see the great fundamental
principle of the organic act carried out in good faith. The
present election law in Kansas is acknowledged to be fair
and just. The rights ofthe voters are clearly defined, and
the exercise of these rights will be efficiently and scrupu-
lously protected. Ilence, if the majority of the people of
Kansas desire to have it a freo State, (and wc are told by
the Republican party that nine tenths of the people of that
Territory are free-State men,) there is no obstacle in the
way of bringing Kansas into the Union as a free State by
the votes and voice of her own people, and in conformity to
the great principles ofthe Kansas-Nebiaska act—provided
all the free-State men will go to the polls and vote their
principles in accordance with their professions. If such is
not the result, let the consequences be visited upon the
heads of those whose policy it is to produce strife, anarchy,
and bloodshed in Kansas, that their pauy mav profit by sla-
very agitation in the northern States of this Union."
Governor Walker and Mr. Stanton, who are
now reaping the rewards of their treachery to the
South, in the adulation of their Abolition friends
at the North, both repeatedly acknowledged the
validity of this convention. In his inaugural ad-
dress, Governor Walker says:
"The people of Kansas, then, aie invited bv the highest
authority known to the Constitution, to participate neely
and fairly in the election of dclegaies to fiaine a constitu-
tion and State government. The law has pci formed its en-
tire appropriate function when it extends to the people the
ri^htof suffrage, hut it cannot compel the performance of
that duty. Throughout our whole Union, however, and
wherever free government prevails, those who abstain fiom
the exercise of the right of suffrage, authorize tho^e who
do vote to act for them in that contingency, and the absen-
tees are as much bound, under the law and constitution,
where there is no ftaud or violence, by the act of the ma-
jority of those who do vote, as if all had paiticipated in the
election. Otherwise, as voting must be voluntary, self-gov-
ernment would lie impracticable, and monarchy or despot-
ism would remain as the only alternative."
He not only admits the validity of the conven-
tion, but declares that those who refuse to exer-
cise the rig-lit of suffrage are as much bound by
the act of the majority of those who do vote, as
if they had participated. But, sir, it is proper for
me to say that I attach no importance whatever to
any position that may be assumed, orany declar-
ation that may have been made by Robert J.
Walker.
When his appointment was first made, many
of the friends of the Administration in the South,
while they did not question the purity of the Pres-
ident's motives in making it, believed that he
would betray his trust, throw the influence of his
position against the South, and thus com tthe favor
of those who are warring upon her institutions.
His subsequent conduct shows that these appre-
hensions were well founded*, for he had scarcely
reached the Territory before he commenced to in-
terfere in its affairs, and to dictate to the people
the manner in which their constitution should be
formed. And, having been rebuked by the Pres-
ident, and forced to resign his office by the just
indignation of those whom he had betrayed, he is
now leagued with the Black Republicans to defeat
the passage of this bill, and to rekindle the fires
of civil war in that Territory.
As I said, the convention met and proceeded
to form a constitution for the people of Kansas.
That constitution recognizes slavery, and throws
around it protecting sanction. But it is said, in
reference to this constitution, that there ought to
have been an enabling act, and that the Territo-
rial Legislature had no right to call this conven-
tion.
Now, sir, let us look into that matter. When,
sir, did the author of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
and the leader of the forces in opposition to the
admission of Kansas, become a convert to the doc-
trine that it is necessary that there should be an
enabling act in order to the admission of a new
State into the Union ? Why, sir, if it is neces-
sary to have an enabling act, the Kansas-Nebras-
ka bill is itself an enabling act. Now let me read
the language of that bill.
The sixth section declares that the legislative
power of the Territory shall extend to all rightful
subjects of legislation consistent with the Consti-
tution of the United States and the provisions of
this act. That calling a convention to form a con-
stitution, when, by a vote of the people, it had
been authorized, and their interest demanded it,
was a rightful subject of legislation, it seems to
me, cannot be questioned; and hence, by the or-
ganic act, the amplest power was conferred on the
Legislature to call the convention; and, by the
fourteenth section, the people are left perfectly
free to form and regulate tneir domestic institu-
tions in their own way, subject only to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Here, sir, was the enabling act, if one was ne-
cessary. But Kansas is a portion of the territory
which we acquired from France; it is a part of
the Louisiana Territory; and,by the treaty under
which we acquired it, Kansas has a right to be
admitted into the Union.
By the third article of the convention with
France, the inhabitants of the ceded Territory
were to be incorporated into the Union of the Uni-
ted States, and admitted as soon as possible, ac-
cording to the principles ofthe Federal Constitu-
tion to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities, of citizens of the United States.
Then, sir, two enabling acts have been passed
already for the people of Kansas to form a State
constitution; and, acting under this authority, the
people of Kansas, through their Territorial Le-
gislature, called a convention to organize a State
government.
But, sir, was it necessary that an enabling act
should be passed at all ? What has been the prac-
tice ofthe Government? Why, sir, seven out of
eighteen States, which have been admitted into
the Union since the foundation of the Govern-
ment, came in without enabling acts: Vermont,
Maine, Arkansas, Iowa, Tennessee, Michigan,
Florida,and California. In the case of Tennessee,
a convention was called, a constitution framed,
and an application was made to Congress for the
admission of that State, without any enabling act,
or without any authority from Congress. And
it is a fact worthy of note that General Jackson
himself was a member of that convention, and
that General Washington urged upon Congress
the importance of admitting Tennessee into the
Union without delay.
What were the facts in relation to California?
Acting under the authority of a military com-
mander, an election was held, and delegateschosen
to a convention to form a State constitution, when
no census had been taken, when no registry of
votes had'been made. The inhabitants of the
Territory at the time, whether Mexicans, Chili-
ans, Frenchmen, or Dutchmen, were allowed to
march up to the polls, and usurp the political sov-
ereignty of that vastTerritory. Thus it was that
California, with its one thousand miles of sea-
coast, its one hundred and fifty thousand square
miles of territory, its boundless resources, and
vast treasures, was forbidden to the South, and
appropriated for the purposes of free-soil.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, I would say
that Florida was admitted under a constitution
adopted by the people, who were not in the State
when it was admitted, but nine years prior to its
admission, and against the protest of the Terri-
tory at the time when it was admitted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. That is true, I believe.
Why, sir, it has not been the practice of the Gov-
ernment to require an enabling act, nor was an
enabling act necessary in the case of Kansas.
But it is said, sir, that this constitution should
have been submitted to the vote of the people,
and that it is not their act because it was not so
submitted. Sir, i would ask, have constitutions
been formed in this way alone, by the people of
this country in organizing States; A portion of
the States have submitted their constitutions to
the people after they were framed; but in eighteen
States of the Union the constitutions were not
submitted. And why ? Because here the people
do not act en masse. They act through delegates
elected by themselves. Ours is a representative
Government. The convention of Kansas em-
bodied the sovereignty of the people, carried out
the will of the people, spoke the voice of the peo-
ple, and was, in fact, the people. The Constitu-
tion of the United States was never submitted to
a vote of the people. TKe delegates to the con-
vention that framed that Constitution were not
even elected by the people. They were appointed
by the Legislatures of the States. And after they
had finished their great work, it was indorsed
and ratified, not by the people at the ballot-box, but
by conventions of the States, acting for them in their
sovereign capacity. Vermont, Tennessee, Lou-
isiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Ken-
tucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri,and Wis-
consin, were admitted into the Union with con-
stitutions that were not submitted to the people.
Kentucky presented herself for admission before
her constitution was formed or. her convention
had met; and hence was admitted into the Union
without any constitution.
But, sir, while this constitution was not sub-
mitted as a whole to the people of Kansas, the
only question in dispute—that of slavery—was
submitted. It was submitted to a vote of all the
people of Kan'sas. It was submitted, too, in such
a way as to secure a fair vote on that article of the
constitution. Now, sir, what do the gentlemen
[ on the other side of the House care about the
! school question, or the bank question, or the in-
ternal improvement question, in the Territory of
Kansas ? Has there be<:ri any agitation of these
questions ? I ask my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] if he is interested in these questions in
that Territory ? The only question in dispute was
the slavery question; and that, I repeat, was sub-
mitted to a vote of all the people in that Territory.
Now, I believe that that convention acted un-
wisely in submitting it to a vote of all the inhab-
itants.
In my judgment, a residence of three or six
months should have been required as a qualifica-
tion for voting; but it was the province of the con-
vention to prescribe the qualifications of voters,
and they allowed all to vote who happened to be
there on the day of election, claiming to be resi-
dents. If an individual arrived in that Territory
five minutes before the polls closed, and came up
with the sweat and dust of travel upon him, and
claimed to be a resident of Kansas, he was al-
lowed to vote on the question whether this sla-
very article in the constitution should be retained
or rejected.
Mr. CURTIS. The constitution says t( in-
habitants."
Mr. BARKSDALE. All were allowed to vote,
as I have already said. And what was the re-
sult ? More than six thousand votes were given
to the constitution with slavery, and but a few
hundred against it.
But it is said that the majority of the people of
that Territory did not vote. That the right to
vote, however, was given them, and every safe-
guard provided, cannot be and has not been de-
nied. If they desired Kansas to be a free State,
and did not so vote, that is their own fault. But
it is said that the application of Kansas must be
rejected, because a majority -of the people are op-
posed to her admission. Where, I ask, do you
ascertain that fact ? Do you find it in the election
returns of the 4th of January ? The question had
then been settled. The pro-slavery clause of the
constitution had already been ratified by the peo-
ple. Those who wer§ in favor of its insertion did
not vote at the election, because it was a question
which had been settled, and which perished with
the settlement of it.
Where, then, do you find evidence that the con-
stitution framed at kecompton is not acceptable
to the majority of the people of Kansas ? I think
I have shown that it is the constitution of the
people of Kansas; that they have made it; that it
is theirs; and that under it they are applying for
admission into the Union.
Now, the next question is, is this constitution
republican in form? I hardly suppose there is
any dispute with regard to that fact. It is a re-
publican constitution. It is founded on the will
of the people. Under its provisions the Governor
