1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
is elected by the people; the Legislature is elected
by the people; even the judiciary are elected by
the people. All the officers are so elected. If
the constitutions of the other States are republi-
can in form, no objection on this ground can be
urged against that of Kansas.
Then, sir, I have endeavored to answerthe only
questions that Congress ought to ask in the ad-
mission of new States; first, that it is the will of
the people; and next, that the constitution which
they present is republican in form. What, then,
is the ground of the opposition to the admission
of Kansas? The true ground, sir, disguise it as
gentlemen may, is that her constitution recognizes
slavery. I see near me the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Colfax,] who is one of the leaders
of his party in this House, and I desire to ask
him now whether, if all the people of Kansas de-
sired to have a pro-slavery constitution, he would
vote for her admission into the Union?
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi asks me a question. I have listened very
attentively to his speech, and I desire to say to
him that if I get the floor when he concludes, as
■I hope to, I intend to answer every point he has
made in his speech.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 do not know that! will
be here. I should like to have the answer now.
I ask you, gentlemen on the other side of the
House, of the Black Republican party, would you
vote for the admission of Kansas into the Union
with a constitution tolerating slavery, if a hun-
dred thousand people there wished it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman ask me ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask all of you.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I answer the gentle-
man that I will never associate, politically, with
men of that character, if I can help it. I will
never vote to compel Ohio to associate with an-
other slave State, if I can prevent it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he speaks for his party ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I speak for the thinking,
reflecting, humane portion of mankind generally.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. Black Republican man-
kind you mean. [Laughter.] I have no doubt
of it. I repeat that the true ground of opposition
to the admission of Kansas is, that her constitu-
tion tolerates slavery, and I now have indubitable
evidence of the fact in the declaration of the gen-
tleman from Ohio. Why, sir, gentlemen on the
other side of this Hall voted for the admission of
Kansas into the Union under the Topeka consti-
tution; a constitution framed not only without
authority of law, but in violation of law; a con-
stitution which did not embody the will of the
people; a constitution which, notwithstanding
their professed philanthropy and devotion to the
negro, as I am told by a friend near me, [Mr.
Keitt,] prohibits the immigration of free ne-
groes.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me for a moment, I wish to say that the statement
which I have heard made before, that the Topeka
constitution excluded free negroes from Kansas,
is an entire mistake. It excludes nobody from
that Territory. On the contrary, so far from ex-
cluding free negroes, it provides that no person
shall be transported from the State, not even for
crime.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Wasthatconstitutionever
submitted to the people, and voted on by them?
Mr. BINGHAM. It was submitted, and I be-
lieve voted on, though the vote was not a large
one.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Was it ratified?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman is mis-
taken; it had not been submitted before it was sent
here. While the gentleman from Ohio is on the
stand, I desire to ask him if he would vote to ad-
mit Kansas into the Union with a pro-slavery con-
stitution if the people of that Territory all desired
it ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. J repeat, then, sir, that
the opposition to the admission of Kansas into
the Union is based upon the ground that her con-
stitution tolerates slavery.
Mr. STANTON. I will say, if the gentleman
will allow me, that the Republican members of
this House, so far as I know, will never vote for
the admission of any slave State north of 36° 30'.
Mr. KEITT. Will you south of 36° 30' ?
Mr. STANTON. A good many of them will.
Mr. BARKSDALE The gentleman speaks
for himself, I suppose, when he makes that dec-
laration. He certainly did not speak for his col-
league over the way, [Mr. Giddings.] Then, sir,
that question involves the rights, the equality,
and honor of the southern States of this Confed-
eracy. Upon the floor of the Senate it has already
been avowed by the Senator fiom New York,
[Mr. Seward,] that no more slave States shall be
admitted into the Union. I will read the language
of the Senator:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, its power, and destiny, and i?> organizing itself to as-
sume the government of the Republic. It will hencefoith
meet you boldly and resolutely here ; it will meet you every-
wheie,m the Territories or out of them, vvhereveryou maf
go to extend slaveiy. Ithasduven you back m California
and in Kansas ; it will invade you soon m Delaware, Mary-
land, Virginia, Missouri, and Texas. It will meet you in
Arizona, m Central America, and even in Cuba. The in-
vasion will be not merely harmless, but beneficent, if you
yield seasonably to its just and moderate demands. It proved
so in Nevv'York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and the other
slave States, which have already yielded m that way to its
advances. You may, indeed, get a stmt under or near the
tropics, and seem safe for a time, but it will only bo a
short time. Even theie you will found States only for free
labor to maintain and occupy. The interest of the white
races demands the ultimate emancipation of all men.
Whether that consummation shall be allowed to take effect,
with needful and wise precautions against sudden change
and disaster, or be huined on by violence, is. all that re-
mams for you to decide. For the failure, of your system of
slave labor thioughout the Republic, the responsibility will
rest not on the agitatois you condemn, or on the political
parties you anaign, or even altogether yourselves, but it
will be due to the inherent errorof the system itself, and to
the error which thiust*. it forvvaid to oppose and resist the
de&tmy, not moie of the African than that of the white
races. The white man need*-* this continent to labor upon.
lli& head is clear, his arm is strong, and his necessities aie
fixed, lie must and will have it. To secure it, he will
oblige the Government of the United Slates to abandon in-
tervention in favor of slave labor and slave States, and go
backward forty years, and resume the original policy of in-
tervention m favoi office labor and free States."
This, sir, is not only a declaration that no more
slave States shall be admitted into the Union, but
that slavery must yield even in the fifteen slave
States where it exists. He must have the whole
continent. That is his declaration.
And, sir, with this formal and well-considered
proclamation by the leader of the Black Repub-
lican party in the Senate, reiterated by chiefs and
subalterns of the same party here on tins floor,
can there be any misapprehension as to the pur-
poses and the inevitable end to be accomplished
by this opposition to the admission of Kansas?
Mr. Chairman, it is time the North and South
undeistood each other. If this is the position of
the North, we of the South desire to know it. If
no more slave States are to be admitted into the
Union, our people should be informed of your de-
termination. In the language of one of the noble
statesmen of the South, [Mr. Toombs,] delivered
in the Senate a day or two ago, I, too, have counted
the cost of this Union; and I think I understand
something of its value. Sir, this Union was made
by slaveholders. The battles of the Revolution
were fought by slaveholders. A slaveholder head-
ed your armies,and led them on to victory. Slave-
holders laid deep and broad the foundations of
this great Republic. The Declaration of Independ-
ence was published to the world in behalf of thir-
teen colonies—all of them slciveholding. The
Union which they afterwards formed—" the more
perfect Union "—was a Union of equality, of equal
rights, and of equal privileges. If you intend to de-
prive the southern States of their rights, it is well
for us that you have so frankly and unreservedly
avowed your purpose. In every period of our his-
tory, when dangers impended over us, the South
has been true and loyal to the Union. When, sir,
in the hour of danger, has she ever faltered ? The
bones of her sons are bleaching upon the very
soil from which her people are excluded, and the
achievements of her heroes adorn the brightest
pages of your history. But, sir, that same patri-
otic devotion which inspired them to bare their
breasts, and shed their blood for our Union when
it was a glorious Union of equals, will arouse
their hearts and nerve their arms to resist its ag-
gressions upon their rights and honor.
admission of kansas.
SPEECH OF HON. SYDENHAM MOORE,
of alabama,
In the House of Representatives,
March 25, 1858.
[revises by himself.*]
The House being m the Committee of the Whole oh the
state of the Union-
Mr. MOORE said:
Mr. Chairman: The message of the President,
the reports of the committees of the two Houses,
and the many able speeches which have been al-
ready made in favor of the admission of Kansas,
have fully exhausted the subject, and sweptaway
all the flimsy pretexts and excuses of those who
oppose that measure.
Some have the candor to admit, what all know
to be true, that if her constitution did not toler-
ate domestic slavery, no serious opposition would
have been made to her admission. Those who
advocated the adoption of the Topeka constitution,
as the Black Republicans all did, cannot, without
the grossest hypocrisy, pretend to have serious
scruples on account of any irregularities in this of
Lecompton. I should not, at this late period, have
engaged in the discussion of this question, im-
portant as I regard its decision, but for the allu-
sions which have been repeatedly made to Ala-
bama, and more especially in the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
woKTir,] the other day, who, not satisfied with
indulging in the tirade against the institution of
slavery, which has been heard from day to day
from that side of the Chamber, saw fit to single
out Alabama, and, with a view to disparage her
people, instituted a comparison between that State
and his own.
Fust, he says, Alabama has not increased as
rapidly as Illinois in population. Is not that
easily explained? The census returns show
that Illinois had, in 1850, of her then population,
111,860 foreigners, while Alabamahaa but7,498.
The former being m close proximity to the ©Id and
densely-populated States oftheNorth, would also
account in part for this.
Next, as to the number of children at school;
he says, in Alabama there are 62,846 pupils and
students at school; while in Illinois there were,
at the same time, 182,292. Out of about 190,000
white persons between five and twenty years of
age, Alabama had, m fact, 100,000 at scho©l;
while in Illinois there were 350,000 white per-
sons between five and twenty, and of these only
140,000 at school. But the gentleman, very
adroitly, dropped the comparison between Ala-
bama and Illinois when he came to speak of the
number of persons over twenty-one years who
could not read or write, and then contrasts Ala-
bama with Massachusetts. I prefer to continue
the comparison which he commenced with Illi-
nois. In 1850, there were in Alabama 33,757 per-
sons over twenty-one who could not read or write,
while in Illinois there were 40,000. In Illinois
theie were 978,855 acres of public land appropri-
ated for educational purposes, while in Alabama
there were 902,775; and the lands of Illinois, it is
well known, were far richer. Alabama had, in
1850,1,375 churches, while Illinois had but 1,223.
The gentleman from Illinois sneeringly com-
ments upon these results of the census as to the
education of the masses in Alabama, and asserts
that there are multitudes in all the slaveholding
States who " cannot even read their ballots, nor
sign their names to a poll-book." Does he not
know that a large portion of the population of
many of the States, at the period of our Revolu-
tion, were unlettered men ? And yet what nobler
examples of heroism and intelligent appreciation
of popular rights has history anywhere afforded
us? Was Rome much indebted to the literary
cultivation of her masses for the sturdy virtues
and practical wisdom which secured to her, for so
many ages, the conquest and government of the
world? Did not some, even, of the feudal barons
who wrested the great charter from King John
make their marks, being unable to append their
signatures >
* For the original report, see page 1343 Cong. G lobe.
