THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 27, 1858.
New Series. .. ,No. 151*
Senator will perceive that the argument docs not
meet the objection ofinequality. i proceed on the
great principle that equality is equity, and that all
burdens should be apportioned to those who get
the benefits of them wherever it can be done. It
will not do to say that you will assume a burden
on particular individuals out of the public Treas-
ury because all the citizens of the United States
are incidentally benefited by the improvement of
the commerce of the country. It is wrong ia prin-
ciple; it is unjust.
The Senator from Vermont attempted to illus-
trate it by the case of the rents in New York. He
said that a tax on the real estate in New York
would fall on the tenant. It is very much more
just that it should fall on the tenant than in any
other case; but I will say it does not necessarily.
It is much more just, according to principle, that
it should fall on the tenant in New York, than
that the cost of the transportation of a hogshead
of sugar on the Mississippi river should be borne
by the people of Vermont. The tax put upon the
house in New York increases its price. It is an
element of its cost, and therefore necessarily the
owner of the house would put it upon the tenant
if he could; but if it so turns out that there are a
hundred houses to be had in that locality, and but
fifty people who want to rent them, that element
of cost may be lost, just as much as the cost of
the labor or the materials that built it, or the land
it is put on. The tax is an element of price, but
it may be lost, on account of the controlling in-
fluence of other elements of price. An equal, if
not a much greater, element of price than all these
put together, consists in the demand and supply.
If there is a deficiency of tenants and an overplus
of houses, the whole effect of all these elements
of price may be lost, so that the tenant may not
pay a dime of the tax, but the landlord will have
to pay it all.
Mr. COLLAMER. He may not have a tenant.
Mr. TOOMBS. If he does not, of course he has
to pay the tax himself. If there were a hundred
houses to rent, and but fifty tenants, of course a !
tenant would get a house for much less money j
than if the converse were true, because the great, j
the controlling element of price is the demand and ;
supply everywhere. That would come in to dis- :
turb the rents. If there were one hundred tenants ,
and only fifty houses, then the landlord would get
the tax from the tenant, and get a still higher in-
terest on his capital. It is more just that the tenant
should pay it, because it is an element in the cost i
of the tenement that shelters his head; but it [
would not be fair to put it on the Vermont wool- |
grower and the Louisiana sugar man, on the :
ground of general benefit. I say_, then, the illus- |
tration will not answer, even if it were apposite j
to the particular case. _ j
The honorable Senator from Louisiana,admit- 1
ting the abstract justice of the principle for which i
I contend, says there are difficulties in carrying .
it out. He says that some of the boats are larger
than others; that some make voyages for longer j
distances on the river than others; and he desires
to know whether you would tax thorn according
to the tonnage, or according to the trips. I take i
it, it would be very much like a toll-bridge or a
canal. Every difficulty which he suggested is met
and overcome by New York on her canal. They
travel that canal with different-sized boats, they
traveldifferentdistances, and some more and some
less frequently; but when the State of NcwYck,
in pursuance of the great piinciple of justice fur
which I am contending, determined to tax those
who used it to reimburse the public forconstruot-
ing it, she found a way to distribute the burden
among them—at least by an approximation to
justice, if she could not attain exact justice in all
cases. I know no reason why you could not as
readily tax tonnage on products on the Missis-
sippinver from St". Louis to New Orleans, as New
York can from Albany to Buffalo on the Erie
canal. Every one of the difficulties which the
Senator from Louisiana suggested in regard to the
Mississippi river, exists with legard to the Erie
canal. There is no more difficulty in apportion-
151
ing these rates on an artificial than on a natural
highway.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi sug-
gested that the lower Mississippi was a good river,
and that it would be hard to tax the commerce of
that portion of the river which did not need im-
provement for the benefit of other portions. The
reply to that is, that if that portion of the river did
not need improvement, there would be no appli-
cation to levy tonnage duties there. I do not pro-
pose to make any State lay tonnage duties for
improvement purposes, but I propose, as I am au-
thorized to do under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to allow a State to tax tonnage, if she
pleases, for the purpose of improving her ports
and her rivers. If Louisiana does not want to ex-
ercise the power, I do not wish to make her do it;
and that is a sufficient answer to this point. Above
Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Missouri
may want the power to improve the river through
their States, and, if so, I would grant it to them,
but I would not force it on anybody. If they are
content with their river, if they are unwilling to
take these risks, or if they think the cost of re-
moving the bars or snags, or whatever obstruc-
tions there may be iti that noble river, is not jus-
tified by the benefit to them, they will not ask for
the power, and I am willing to let them have it as
it is; but if they desire to improve their river, by
taxing then- own commerce, if they think the ben- i
efits to themselves and to the commerce of the
country will be greater than the cost of the im-
provement, I will allow them to do it out of their
own money, but not out of mine. The reason
why the persons who have favored tins class of
improvements at the general expense will notac-
cept my preposition, the reason why some of the
States "have abandoned the tonnage duty is be-
cause they prefei red to levy the money out of the
general fund rather than out of their own pockets.
Baltimore gave it up; Savannah gave it up; for they
preferred the United States should do it. Why'
Because then they would pay in a dime and take
out a guinea. There is not a man in the United
States, there is not a free nigro, North or South,
who does not understand that game. The argu-
ment of general benefit which is made use of, does
not deceive anybody. It does not deceive the peo-
ple who make it. It is admitted that when the
Government does such woik, it does it worse than
private individuals. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, who temporarily supports this system
until, as he says, he can get a better one, has said
on this floor, that ninety-nine dollars out of every
hundied spent by this Government for these pur-
poses, have been sunkand squandered, and,on the
whole, have done the rivers more harm than good.
Everybody knows that the Government does work
of this kind worse than individuals; everybody
knows that it does it moie expensively; eveiy-
body knows it bungs less skill and judgment and
talent than individuals to it. 1 believe there is not
a company in the United States that wants to clear
out a haibor or constiuct a railroad that would
take a Government engineer if you gave him to
them. My State once"tricd one of the chiefs of
the topographical engineers, but she found out
her error to her cost, and discharged lnm. Peo-
ple wiio spend their money in public works, get
an engineer who understands his business. They
do not ro:no to tile Government for him.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator is mistaken
in the fact. The calls were so frequent, and the
detention of the officers so long, that it had to be
prohibited. One of the great woi Its which was
achieved 111 Michigan,leaving a surplus on hand,
was done under the direction of an officer of the
topographical engineers; and, it was supposed,
could not have been done otherwise.
Mr. TOOMBS. We tried Colonel Long, of the
topographical engineers in Georgia, and our ex-
perience was different. As far as my observation
has extended, although some people may try them
I as we did once or twice, yet, as a class, they are
the least efficient engineers of any in the United
States. If it were not so, would they remain in
the public service at the very small amountof com-
pensation, of which they are continually complain-
ing ? Men in civil life get their five, their ten, th.eir
fifteen, or their twenty thousand dollars a year to
engineer railroads; and yet these men-hang oo
and come here and beg for an increase of salaries—
fifteen hundred, or two thousand, or three thou-
sand dollars a year. That is a demonstration in
my judgment.
Mr. DAVIS. I must correct the Senator
again, if he will permit me to do so. These engi-
neers are not persons who come here and beg for
additional salary more than anybody else con-
nected with the Government. I will also inform
him that some of the very engineers who in civil
employment are receiving such high salaries,
have been drawn from the Army, from the fact
that they could not get as much from the Gov-
ernment as from private individuals.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I supposed—
those of them who are good for anything have
quit the service.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 should suppose that would
be the general rule, but I am not as well ac-
quainted with them as the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I will interrupt the Senator once
moie, meitdy to say that his supposition is en-
tirely unfounded in the chaiactcr of these officers.
Professional zeal, attachment to tlTe Army in
which they have been bred, bind men of the
highest chaiactcr and attainment to it; and they
should ceitainiy be exempt from such a reflection
as to put them in the mere mercenary class of
remaining in the service because they cannot go
elsewhere. There are many cases where they
are offered the most tempting prices to leave the
service, but remain on account of their attach-
ment to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am quite satisfied that the
honorable Senator, probably from bis own aprit
' du corps, gives them credit for very different mo-
i tives from those upon which they act. I judge
■ them as other men, and I do not consider it dis-
honorable to them.
| Mr. liAYNE. I would say to the honorable
| Senator fiorn Georgia, with his permission, that
| I have passed almost my whole life in the Army,
J and I think what I say on this point may be re-
; lied upon. I know these gentlemen have received
; the best education in the country—a West Point
1 education—and they are men of the highest prin-
1 ciple and truthfulness. I cannot think that those
: engineers who prepare themselves temporarily
\ for such service can rank on a footing with those
| educated as I have stated.
| Mr. TOOMBS. The public judgment is against
1 the honorable Senator from South Carolina, and
I my own is unshaken by the statement. I know
that when individuals have their capital and in-
: tercst at stake they employ the men who can do
1 their work best, and they do not select your top-
! ographical engineers for service of this kind. I
would say to the Senator from Mississippi, that
' I know those persons have applied from time to
time for an increase of pay. The pay of the en-
gineer corps and of the Army wa3 laised while
that honorable Senator was at the head of the
War Office. It was done by Congress, it is true,
but the solicitations wete great fiom all quarters
—will known to me. So far as then* education
at West Point is concerned, that is no argument
I with me; I think very little of it. I think it is an
exceedingly defective education; and one of the
!i reasons why they are not fit for tnis seivice le-
! suits from their education,isolated from the com -
! munity. They are not fit to construct or to carry
'! on these improvements. To do so, they^ought
i! to know the price of turnips, of wheat, oi corn,
; I of beef, of pork, of labor at every point the hire
i1 of slaves oi freemen; they should understand the
h whole business of life, i know that in some in-
!' stances where wo employed those officers we paid
; for it at our terrible cost. That is the history of
| m v own State, and I know it is so m other States
|i of'the Union. No doubt men educated at West
II Point may be distinguished, but men may be dis-
