340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 25,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
The gentleman ventures these- sneers against
the hardy yeomanry of the South, with whom it
is at other times the favorite policy of his party
to claim an affiliation against what they call the
slaveholding aristocracy of the South. The scorn
with which the masses of the South have ever re-
jected these insidious appeals is a sufficient proof
of the intelligent and unselfish patriotism of those
free and independent citizens. Though they may
have been denied the advantages of early educa-
tion , by living in a new and sparsely-settled coun-
try, this comparative want of education and of
book-learning is less to be regretted if they have
thereby escaped the follies of free-love associa-
tions, of spiritualism, and the thousand infideli-
ties which prevail in New England. Remote from
crowded cities, engaged in agricultural pursuits,
compelled, in their solitude, to study the great
book of nature, gathering information at church,
in the jury-box, at the political hustings, and in
the practical business of life, their store of knowl-
edge is not always scant; but this, above all, they
have not been contaminated even by the suspi-
cion of corruption, and always make the best, the
bravest soldiers in the world.
The gentleman who has just taken his seat
[Mr. Thayer] taunts us with the want of that
commerce and manufacturing industry which we
have so long assisted the North in establishing.
It is also another illustration of our freedom in
the past from sectiunal jealousies, as it is also of
our fond illusion that we had yet a part in David,
and an inheritance in the son of Jesse.
And why, let me ask, should there be perpetual
strife between us? Why should this relentless
war be waged against the South ? Does not the
chief product of our slave labor keep in motion
the spindles of Massachusetts, and create there
an increased demand for your labor? We offer
you a market for your manufactured goods, em-
ployment for your ships, and encouragement to
your ship-builders. Every additional plow which
is driven into the soil of Alabama, and each cargo
that is landed at Mobile, gives an increased im-
petus to your various manufactures.
The time was, Mr. Chairman, and at no remote
period in our history, when the Representatives
of the people, from the various sections of this
Union, were wont to meet together to consult, to
deliberate for the welfare of a common country.
Party feeling might, at times, run high; differ-
ences might arise as to questions of domestic or
foreign policy, or as to the true construction of the
Constitution; but in these things all were agreed
—namely, in recognizing the binding obligations
of the Constitution in all its parts, in attachment
for the Union, and in reverence for the decisions
of our judicial tribunals. Whatachange has taken
place in a few years ! Now, sons of one common
and glorious lineage are here seen pitted like glad-
iators, or ranged apart as delegates of hoslilc na-
tions. But little has been heard during the four
months of the session save violent philippics, day
after day, against the South, her people, and her
institutions, and occasionally recrimination and
retaliation on the other side. The stormy sessions
of the National Assembly of France scarcely in-
dicated more hostile feeling between the different
parties than has been manifested here.
If what we see here is a reflex of the state of
feeling among the masses of the North, then it re-
quires no prophet to tell that this Union can-
not much longer endure. The crusade, so long
preached against the South has, it seems, mad-
dened and estranged the North, and has at last
aroused the South to the dangers that menace her.
A little while ago the young adventurer from the
North would often seek his home in the South,
and, when deserving, never failed to meet with
friends, with promotion, and advancement. The
distinguished gentleman who sits before me [Mr.
Quitman]—the Chevalier Bayard," without fear
and without reproach," and whose military and
civil services have won for him a national fame—
stands a shining example of this; so do the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri [Mr, Craig] and
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] and many in distinguished positions
all over the South.
Then the southern man and the northern man
could kneel at the same altars, and meet around
the same communion table; but now the slave-
holder is accursed in the estimation of these Phar-
isees who " have stolen the livery of the courtof
heaven to serve the devil in," and his presence
would pollute their dltars. Then kindly inter-
course existed, and the mutual interchange of
friendly, if not fraternal feeling. In those days,
we ofthe South felt that the Hancocks, the Otises,
and the Warrens of the North, belonged alike to
us; and that their glory was also a part of our
inheritance. Our youths then went to your re-
nowned institutions of learning, without feeling,
as they now would have too much cause to do, in
some of them, at least, that they were the veri-
est hot-beds oftreason and fanaticism. Then the
southern man felt, as he stepped his foot upon the
free soil of the North, that he was still within his
own land and among his brethren. He wandered
over her battle-fields, read the monuments of her
heroes, and exulted in their glorious achieve-
ments.
Our pulpits, our work-shops, our factories, our
legal and medical professions, our school-houses,
all were open to, and many were filled by men
from the North. They often married and dwelt
among us, thus adding new links to the chain that
bound the Union together. Some, after being
treated with kindness and hospitality, and en-
couragement and patronage, in their youth, have
returned to the North to stir up strife and ill-will
between the sections. Prominent among these is a
distinguished Senator of New York, who in early
life was thus kindly treated and patronized while
pursuing the honorable profession of a teacher in
a rural district in Georgia. But all kindly recollec-
tions of those early days, if any he ever had, have
long since been effaced from his memory; and his
life has been spent in fomenting sectional strife
and ill-will, and in seeking to overturn the insti-
tution of slavery, which, he knows, if successful,
would result in ruin to the black as well as the
white race, and in disruption of the ties that bind
together the States of this Union.
I chanced to hear him recently exulting that
there was a North side and a South side in that
Chamber and in this, a northern party and a
southern party, and expressing the hope that he
might live to see the day when the footsteps of a
slave would not be seen on this continent. Sir,
no love of country prompted that exultation; for
he knew too well that, wherever tried, emancipa-
tion had proved to be a failure; cither bringing
speedy destruction and ruin upon the land where
they had been thus emancipated,resulting in the
massacre of both races, regardless of age or sex,
or, by their slo>ver, but not less sure decay and
ruin in the lapse of time. I never see him, with
his bland smile and Oily Gammon manner, that I
am not reminded of Milton's description of one
of the fallen angels:
" Belial, in act more graceful and humane
* * * * * " In: seemed
For dignity composed and high exploit:
But all was false and liollow; though his tongue
Dropt manna, and could make the worse appear
The boiler teason, to perplex and dash
Maturost counsels; for his thoughts were low;
To vice industrious, but to nobler deeds
Timorous and slothful."
A few—a very few—persons, like the ill-used
individual mentioned by the gentleman from Illi-
nois the other day, who was banished from the
city of Mobile, abuse the kindness which had
been extended to them,and, viper-like, turn upon
their benefactors. How well it becomes that gen-
tleman to express such heartfelt sympathy for the
slaves of the South, when his State will not even
allow a free negro to tread upon her soil! If one
should do so,he may be seized and sold into ser-
vitude. He sympathizes deeply with the hard lot
of our own sleek, well-fed, contented, and happy
slaves; but the free black,as,hungry, naked, and
friendless, he stands upon the borders of Illinois,
looking wistfully upon her well-filled granaries,
might exclaim: " I was an hungered, and ye gave
me no meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me no
drink; I was a stranger, and ye took me not in; na-
ked, and ye clothed me not; sick and in prison,
and ye visited me not!"
What has brought about this great change to
which I have before alluded ? Upon whom rests
the heavy responsibility? Is it upon those who
wage this unjusf, unholy, sectional war against
their own countrymen ? or is it upon those who
have stood up and defended their section when
assailed, opposing argument to argument, meet-
ing taunts and insults with scorn, and threats with
defiance ?
The Abolition party was for years few in num-
bers, and altogether contemptible; but wicked and
ambitious men united with it, and drew together
in one solid mass the odds and ends of all the old
parties; proclaiming for their watchword—hostil-
ity to the South ana its institutions. They seek
to array one section against the other; hoping,
when that is accomplished, from being superior
in numbers, to get the control of the Government,
and hold us in complete subjection. To effect
their unholy purposes, we are abused and mis-
represented. Their orators, their presses, and
even their pulpits, are employed in fomenting
strife and ill-will, by continual denunciation, rid-
icule, taunts, and threats towards the South; a fair
sample of which we have just heard from the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts,'[Mr. Thayer.]
These bad men, to gain their ends, have shown
that they do not hesitate to trample under foot the
Constitution, and nullify the solemn enactments
of Congress made to carry out its express provis-
ions, and wholly indifferent to the consequences
which may flow from their rashness. The Pres-
ident of the United States, for daring to oppose
their unholy designs, notwithstanding his vener-
able years, his eminent position, his unsullied
public and private character, is traduced and vil-
ified, his motives aspersed, his patriotism ques-
tioned, and he openly and falsely charged with
resorting to corruption and bribery to influence
the legislation of Congress. The Supreme Court,
too, of the United States—the highest judicial tri-
bunal known in our country—composed of men
distinguished for their learning, their exalted wis-
dom and virtue, whose luminous decisions have
added to the national reputation; whom the peo-
ple reverence and respect for their firmness, their
impartiality, and the unsullied purity of their
lives, because they will not perjure themselves
and mold their decisions to suit this fanatical party,
is to be annihilated, or reformed, as they say;
while the individual members, including the ven-
erable Chief Justice, are denounced as vile, cor-
rupt, and debased.
For years we of the South have patiently borne
these wrongs and injuries. We have warned the
people of the North of the inevitable consequences
which must follow these attacks; but, with reck-
less indifference, they still pursue their course of
madness, folly, and wickedness. They are arro-
gant enough to believe that we will tamely sub-
mit, and declare that if we shall resist they will
" whip us into submission." The gentleman from •
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] intimated the other
day that hemp would be used to crush out this
spirit of resistance, if any should be manifested.
Great Britain threatened this against the thirteen
colonies, all of them, be it remembered, at that
time holding slaves; and the gallant Hayne, of
South Carolina, was actually hung; but was the
proud spirit of the colonies thereby subdued?
Talk about subduing a sovereign State of this
Confederacy! of whipping her into submission !
What folly! What kind of a Republic would that
be, 1 should like to know, where one portion of
it had to hold the other in subjection by force? A
Republic it might be in name, but in factit would
be a pure, unmitigated despotism.
Mr. GILMAN begged to interrupt Mr. Moore,
by asking how it happened that all the threats of
separation have proceeded from the South?
Mr. MOORE. Sir, I deny the correctness of
this assertion; and point to the fact of the Hart-
ford convention, assembled during a war waged
for the protection of New England citizens, and
in the face of an enemy threatening our coasts.
It has never been under such circumstances that
the South has chosen to vindicate her violated
rights. When the defense of your country, the
honor and glory of your empire, were involved,
you have nowhere found more obedient and more
emulously patriotic citizens. Do you ask me for
instances of northern insubordination? Look to
the nullification of the laws of Congress by Mas-
sachusetts and her surrounding States. When
