294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 14,
be liid. It is not a dry rot that you can cover with a carpet
until the house tumbles about your cars. You might as well
try to hide a volcano in full operation. It cannot be hid; it
is a cancer on your faco, and must not be tampered with
by quacks, who never saw the disease or the patient, and
prescribe across the Atlantic. It must be, if you will, let
alone.
" But no, sir; the politico-religious quacks, like the quack
in medicine and in everything else, will hear of nothing
but his rfo.-trum ; all is to be forced—nothing can be trusted
to time or to nature. The disease has run its course; it has
run its course m the northern States, it is beginning to run
its course iu Maryland. The natural death of slavery is
the unprofitableness of its most expensive labor It is also
beginning m the meadow and grain country of Virginia—
among those people there who have no staple that can pay
for slave labor."
He then points his conclusion in a way to make
it stick iu the memories of the masters of slaves,
to whom he addressed himself:
"The moment the labor of the slave ceases to be profit-
able to the ina ter, or very soon after it has reached tnat
stage, if the slave will not run away from the master, the
master will run away from the slave,"
Mr. Chairman, I am Mr. Randolph's proselyte;
he was no Abolitionist, although aware that sla-
very was sapping the very foundations of the free
institutions of his country—a cancer on the face,
which, unless removed, would cat into the vitals
of the Republic. I concur in his opinion, that the
master must run away from his slaves, unless
they run away from him. Unhappily forthe slave
States, many of their enterprising-young men leave
their native land for those States where individual
ability and exertion are sufficient to confer wealth
and eminence; and all of that oppressed class who
are compelled to labor with their naked hands,
and struggle for existence in competition with the
monopolizing slave power that holds the soil, and
bands together, by a common interest, the capital,
the intelligence, and influence of the order con-
trolling the government of the Commonwealth to
make it paramount, would also fly, if they had the
means of flight, or a spot on earth they couid call
their own to receive them. Although the time has
not yet come when the masters are ready to run
away from their slaves, it will doubtless come,
if ever that great mass of freemen who feel the
weight of the institution pressing them to the
carta, should have the means of reaching home-
steads in happier regions, where their labor might
render them independent. Can any condition be
more lamentable for a State than that which niak«s
it the obvious interest of the mass of its five pop-
ulation to abandon it? and if poverty prevents
this desertion, the cause of detention, constantly
increasing, must in the end grow into a frightful
calamity.
Every statesman who has looked into the con-
dition of the slave States, has always found it full
of difficulties. Mr. Randolph's solution does not
end them, unless we gefastep further. Where
would the slaves go if they could run away ? The
North may receive an absconding straggler here
and there, but what States would receive five mil-
lion of slaves? or how would the runaways be any-
where provided for ? The free States which have
put an interdict, so far away as remote Oregon,
upon the admission of free blacks, even m the
stinted number which might come trom the lim-
ited emancipation permitted in the South, would
hardly receiv-- millions upouagenerul jail delivery.
Nor can the masters run away from their slaves,
unless the North isreadytobeoomeaSt. Domingo;
nor emancipate them en wutsse without making it
a St. Domingo.
Mr. Randolph had a grave meaning in the al-
ternatives he suggests for the riddance of slavery,
although its strong sense, as usual with him, is
pointed with sarcasm. His will shows how the
slaves were to run away from their masters. That
testament delivers a practical lesson to his State,
nioie pregnant with sage advice than any ever re-
ceived from his eloquent lips, on which she hung
with such rapture.
The first and second bequests read thus:
"1. J give am! bequeath to my slave* their freedom,
hermilv regretting that 1 have ever been the ownei of one.
2. "I give to my executors a -sum not exceeding eight
thousand doduis, ot -so much thereof <i-> ma> be necessary,
to transport and settle said *!uve  to and in mjiuo other State
or Territory of the United timte?, giving to all above the age
of forty not less than ten aere^ of land each."
No man ever more thoroughly understood the
interest, or more filially studied the heart of Vir-
ginia, than John Randolph. The words I have
read will one day be embodied iu a statute of the
State,
Washington had led the way in this mode of
deliverance, manumitting all his slaves by will;
and this was in pursuance of what long before he
said the interests of Maryland and Virginia de-
manded. In his letter to Sir John Sinclair, in
reference to these States, he said: " Gradual ab-
olition," "nothing is more certain, they must
have, and at a period not remote." It seems,
however, from an earlier letter to La Fayette, that
he contemplated, with peculiar pleasure, theideaof
their enfranchisement. He says to the Marquis:
" Your late purchase of an estate in Cayenne, with a view
of emancipating the slaves on it, is a generous and noble
proof ofyour humanity. Would to God a like spirit mi^lit
diffuse Itself generally into the minds of the people ol tins
country!"
He did not expect this at once, for he adds:
" To set the slaves afloat at once, would, I really believe,
be productive of much inconvenience and mischief; but by
det;roch jt mi?l>t. and assuredly ought, to be effected, and
that by legislation/'
The legislation resulted differently, as is shown
in the closing passage of Mr. Jefferson'?? will, in
relation to the slaves, which his incumbered
estate enabled him to dispose of. It is in these
words:
111 give them their freedom, and earnestly request of the
Lcgtslatine ot Vhginia a coniii m.uion of the bequest of
freedom to these servants, with p.-um-^ion to remain in this
State, where then families and connections aie,a^an addi-
tional instance of the favor of wlncli J have jeceived so
many manifestations in my life, and for which I now give
them my last solemn and dutiful thanks."
The "gradual abolition" contemplated by
Washington had, before Mr. Jefferson's death,
made so large a class of free negroes as to endan-
ger the safety of the white race by inciting for-
midable insurrections among the slaves, besides
producing thelesser inr.onveniencesapprehended.
Hence the law prohibiting manumission without
the removal of the emancipated slaves from the
State. Mr. Randolph's love for his own Suite
; was so great that he sot an example of an exodus
by sending his tribe of freed blacks beyond the
confines of Virginia, at the cost of much mischief
to another State. By the legislation of many free
States the intrusion of such emigiation was soon
prevented; and it may now be asserted with truth,
that the laws of the free and the slave States com-
bine to perpetuate slavery! for where is the freed
man to go ? A few rich masters provide the means
to return their bondsmen to Afuea; and recently
some small parties embarked to Mexico, to throw
themselves upon the humanity of its semi-bar-
barous people. There is no alternative but to
submit to expulsion, or to refuse the boon of free-
dom. There existed at least a half million man-
umitted slaves before the proscrtptive laws were
passed at the North or South, in the latter sec-
tion, wheie the intercourse of the enfranchised
and enslaved of the same race is pregnant with
danger, measures are in progress to reduce all to
the condition of slavery. Laws have been passed
in some of the slave States providing that the freed
may subjeetthuniselves again to servitude, if they
can find a master. During the summer and fall
another step was taken in this direction by large
meetings in Virginia, praying the Legislature to
authorize a sweeping sale of till free blacks by
auction—to reduce tlv entire race within the State,
however slightly tinctured with negro blood, to
bondage.
Mr. Cnairman, there is nothing in the compar-
ative progress of the slave and free States, since
the illustrious patiiots of Vngmia,in the last and
most solemn act of their lives, bore their lesti-
j mony against the institution which now convulses
1 the Confederacy,tending to condemn their policy.
, There is much 111 the aspect now given to onraf-
| fairs by that fatal element, against which their
! forecast gave warning, to prove that their soiici-
i tude to remove it had its root in that sound judg-
i ment and devoted love to the country, which made
! the strongest features of their characters. One
i great difficulty obstructed these efforts. Eman-
| eipation was easy, but the amalgamation of the
! white atrl black races was abhorrent, and their
I existence as equals, under the same Government,
! was for that reason impossible. They were,nev-
' ertheless, resolved to make the experiment of the
; gradual abolition of slavery, hoping that time
[ would make some outlet to the degraded caste. I
; believe the existing circumstances on this con-
j tincnt now justify that hope. The attempt of
| African colonization, to relieve us of the load, has
i failed. The immense distance, and the barbarous
state of the mother country, to which we would
restore its improved race that has arisen among
us, has paralyzed all the efforts of the benevolent
society that has labored so long in vain to form a
community in Liberia which would draw hence
its kindred emancipated population, and establish
a nation there to spread civilization and religion
over Africa. Time has shown that the causes
which have produced races, never to improve
Africa, or to be improved there, but to abandon it
and give their vigor and derive their advancement
in other climes, are not to be reversed by the best -
efforts of the best of men. " Westward the star
of empire takes its way," is a prophecy which
will find its accomplishment within the tropics as
well as outside of them on this continent. Lib-
erty and security promote enterprise and industry,
and so create that intelligence which brings in its
train civilization and Christianity. Africa is a
desert, in which every effort to propagate the ele-
ments which lead to such results have proved fail-
ures; and for ages Africa has ever been " the house
of bondage."
As Americans, it is our first interest to take
care of this continent, and provide for the races
on whose faculties and labor its advancement
depends. In my opinion, the door is now open
in Central America to receive the enfranchised
colored race born amongst us, and which has
received, with our language and the habits con-
tracted under our institutions, much that adapts
it to sustain a part in giving stability to the insti-
tutions copied from ours in the Central American
Republics.
Mr. Wells, an American gentleman of high
talents and attainments, with a view to promote
commercial enterprises originating with a mer-
chant of New York, recently traversed Central
America under most favorable auspicies, in order
to explore its resources and obtain certain mining
and commercial privileges from the Government
of Honduras. His volume, published at the close
of the year 185G, and which gives the condition
of the country down to the end of Walker's first
invasion, is full of information as to the capabil-
ities of the country,and the posture of the parties
that distract it. It shows on what the Liberals, who
emancipated the country from Spain, rely for the
preservation of its freedom. He was intimate with
Cabanas, the late enlightened and most liberal
President of Honduras, whose policy he indicates
in the brief passages I now read from his book:
"Althoughas a Spanish American, Cabafias was peison-
ally opposed, at the commencement ot his administration, to
the encouragement of enterprises through which strangers
would be likely toobtain a dangerous! ascendency in Central
America, he was gradually induced, by the influence of
Senors Caehoand iMcjiu,his Mmibicis, to dismiss these ob-
jections. In the midst of Ins baia*s.ing campaign m Gra-
oiaSj m the month ol July, he 1'ound time to turn bit attention
toward the interoceanic lathvay project; and to Cabafias
should be ascribed the double honor of conqucunglns inborn
prejudices against foreigners, and of giving the principal
impure to an enterprise hkcly to assume an importance
second to none in the present a£ij.
Actuated by the same laudable intentions, and pene-
trated with the conviction that onlv through northern in-
dustry and enterpn&e can the Spanish-American races be
raised to a permanent giade of prosperity, Sefior Barrun-
dia, then fai advanced m ye.ir-j, and frequently referred to
m tins sketch, as a talented and zealous member of the
Liberal patty, was dispatched to Washington as the first
diplomatic ajjent ever sent to the United States by Ilondu-
ias, as adistinct Powei. Ilis death at New York, on the
6th of August, of the same yeai.put an untimely end to the
negotiations, and frustrated the dawning hopes of the Lib-
erals."
The precise object aimed at in the negotiation
proposed to our President, is made conspicuous
m the address of the Minister Barrundia, one of
the great and learned men of the country, the last
of its revolutionary stock, whose eloquence and
wisdom in its councils led the way to the achieve-
ment of its independence. His presentation speech
uttered the sentiments of the President of Hon-
duras, as well as those of the venerable patriot
and statesman .and all the liberals he led,_who
founded that Republic on the basis of our North
American Confederacy. Every word of it is
pregnant with political meaning to which time will
give effect; and the House cannot fail to mark
these sentences in the address, and give emphasis
to the closing words:
" The mission with which J am charged is perhaps more
significant than any winch has yet originated m Central
America, and its objects are micH as are seldom confided
to an ordinary legation, it relates to the vital interests of
an American people struggling against the antagonism of
monarchical principles, winch, unfortunately, in some parts
