1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
■who abstain from the exercise of the right of suf-
frage," says Governor Walker, allow to those who
do go to the polls the right to govern them-,
" otherwise," says Governor Walker, "mon-
archy or depotism would remain as the only al-
ternative. "
I think it not out of place, Mr. Chairman, to
invite attention to the case Luther vs. Borden &c.
7 Howard. It grew out of the Dorr rebellion, and
presents a case in many respects analagous to the
one now under consideration.
When the Revolution commenced, the then col-
ony of Rhode Island had a government formed
under a charter granted by Charles II., King of
England, The State of Rhode Island made no
change in the form of government. This charter
restricted the right of suffrage to freeholders. For
years strenuous efforts were made, without suc-
cess, to obtain an extension of the right of suf-
frage.
In 1841 the people held meetings and elected
delegates to a convention to form a constitution,
which was formed and submitted to the people,
who, as it was alleged, ratified it by a large major-
ity of all the qualified voters, according to the
new constitution, and also according to the char-
ter of Charles.
Under this constitution elections were held for
Governor, members of the Legislature, &c., who
assembled together in May, 1842, and proceeded
to organize the new government.
But the charter government did not acquiesce
in these proceedings. On the contrary it passed
stringent laws, and finally an act declaring the
State under martial law.
Martin Luther brought an action of trespass,
quare clasum jiegit, against the defendants for
breaking and entering the plaintiff's house, on the
29th June, 1842. Defendants replied that they
necessarily broke the plaintiff's house in seeking
to arrest him foraiding and abetting an insurrec-
tion of men inarms, to overthrow the lawful Gov-
ernment of the State, by military force—to which
the plaintiff replied generally. And on the trial
offered to prove that the new constitution had been
adopted by a majority of those under the new
constitution, and also under the old charter; and
that the citizens of this Statu, m their original
sovereign capacity, have rnnfied and adopted s.-ml
constitution by a large majority; and the plain-
tiff moved the court, Judge Story presiding, to
instruct the jury that, if they so found, then the
pleas of the defendants show no justification. P>ut
the court refused such instruction, and thus the
case went into the Supreme Court.
The plaintiff's counsel, Mr. Hallett, aftiong
many points, laid down the following:
"The nibtitution of American hbei ty is based upon the
principles that the people <uo capable of self government,
and have an inalienable light at nil times, ami in any mantiei
they please, to establish and alter or change tin; constitution
or particular form under which that government shall be
effected. Tins i- especially true of the seveial Stale* com-
posing the Union, subject only to a limitation provided by
the United States Constitution, that the State government*
shall lie lepuhliean.
41 That tin: sovereignty of the people is supreme, and may
net m fotnnng government without the assent of the e\i-t
lug government."
u if'the^e questions aic answered in the negative, then the
theoiy ol American fiee governments loi the States is un-
available m pinctice,"*
" The anfi-iepubhean doctrine that legislative action or
sanction is neces.-arj, as the mode of effecting a change ot
State government, wa, bioaehed lor the lit time, under flic
United States (*overnment, by one Nrnntoi m the debate in
Congress upon the admission ot Michigan, December, l^W."
The defendant's counsel, Mr. Whipple, states
the issue:
"Mr. Whipple, for the defendantm eiror, said that the
question to be decided war-, whethet a portion oi the voters
of a State, either the majority or mmouty, wheuevei they
choose, assembling m ma^s meeting without an> law, or by
voting where there is no opportunity of challenging voles',
may overthrow the constitution and &ot up a new one ? Hut
he would leave the discussion of general principles to his
associate, and confine himself to the inoie minute facts of
the case."
Mr. Webster, on the same side, agreed with
Mr. Hallett:
" Let me state what I understand these principles to be.
The first is, that the people are the rourcc of all political
power. Every one believes this. Where else is there any
power?"
Mr. Webster said:
" But, in 177G, the American people adopted principles
more especially adapted to their condition. They can be
traced thiough the Confederation and the present Consti-
tution, and our principles of liberty have now become exclu-
sively American. They are distinctly marked. We changed
the government where it required change; where we found
a good one we left it. Conservatism is visible throughout."
" Another is, that the qualification which entitles man
to vote must be prescribed by previous laws directing how
it is to be exercised, and also that the results shall be cer-
tified to some central power, so that the vote may tell. We
know no other principle."
" Our American mode of government does not draw any
power from tumultuous assemblages. If anything is estab-
lished in that way, it is deceptive.".
" Always these conventions were called together by the
Legislature, and no singleconslitution has ever been dltered
hy means of a convention gotten up by mass meetings.
There must be an authentic mode of ascertaining the public
will somehow and somewhere. If not, it is a government
of the strongest and most numerous. It is said that, if the
Legislature refuses to call a convention, tlte case then re-
sembles the HolyAlhanceof Etuope, whose doctrine it was
that all changes must originate with the sovereign. But
there is no resemblance whatever. I say that the will of
the people must prevail, but that there must be some mode
of finding out that will. The people here are as sovereign
as the crowned heads at Laybaeh, but their will is not so
easily discovered."
" The Constitution proceeds upon the idea that each State
will take care to establish its own government upon proper
principles, and does not contemplate these extraneous and
irregular alterations of existing governments."
" The question which the court was called upon to decide
was one of sovereignty. Two Legislatuies were jn exist-
ence at the same time; both could not be legitimate. If legal
power had not passed away from the chatter government,
it could not have got into Dorr's. The position taken on
the other side is, that it had bo passed away ; and it is at
tempted to be proved by votes and pioceedings of meetings,
&e., out of doors. Tins court must look elsewhere: to the
Constitution and laws and acts of the Government of the
United Stales."
The Supreme Court, in its elaborate judgment,
countenanced the views of Mr. Webster, and
says:
" Hut the courts uniformly held that the inquiry proposed
to be made belonged to the political power, and not to the
judicial; that it tested with the#pohtical power to decide
whether the chaiter government had been displaced or not;
and when that decision was made, the judicial depaitment
would be bound to take notice ol it as the paiamount law
of the State, without the aid of oral evidence oi the exam-
ination of witnesses; that,acooidmgto the l.tws and institu-
tions of .Rhode Island, iiomicIi change had been recognized
hy the political povv  i , and that the chattel "oveimnnil was
the lawful and estahh-hed government of the State duiiwr
the penod m content; and that those who were m aims
against it were indigents, and liable to punishment. Tins
doctnne i-s clearly and fotcibly stated in the opinion of the
suptente eomt ofthe State, in thotnal of Thomas W. Dorr,
who was the Governor elected uudei the opposing constitu-
tion, and headed the aimed torce which endeavored to main-
tain its atitlio'ity.1'
It also says:
u ttv this act, the powerof deciding whether the exigency
had at i-en upon winch the Government of the United States
is oound to intei fere, is given to the President. He is to act
upon the application or'the Legislature, or ofthe Executive ;
and consequently, he must determine what body of men
constitute the Legislature, and who is the Governor, before
he can act. The lact that both panic s claim the right to the
government canuot alter the case, for both cannot be enti-
tled to it. If there is an armed conflict, like the one of
which we are speaking, it is a case of domestic violence,
and one of the patties mu-it bo m nisuireetion agam-t the
■ lawful government. And the President must, of necessity,
, decide winch is the government, and which party is tinlaw-
l fully arrayed ag.mi.-t it.bei'oie he can peifoun the duty im-
i posed upon hnn hv the act of Congiess."
, And in conclusion adus:
i " No one, we believe, has ever doubted the proposition
| that, aeeoidmg to the institutions of this eounttv, the sov-
i ereigntv in every State resides m the people ot the State,
: and that they may alter and change theirfoim of government
' at their own plen-nue. Hut whether they have changed it
| or not by abolishing an old government "and establishing a
< new one in its place, is a question to lie settled by the po-
litical powei And ulien that po\\ er has decided, the e<mi ts
are bound to take notice of its decision, and to follow it."
The constitution of a State cannot be changed
' by domestic violence, nor can the organic act of
aTerntory. The Constitution forbids it. (Fourth
article, fourth section, and second article, third
i section.)
Then theie is no alternative. The will of the
i people can alone be known by the exercise of the
right of suffrage Those who vote must govern
| those who do not. There is no help for it; and
! the only majority our institutions can recognize,
, or we can know, is of those who appear at the
| polls, and east their suiFrage in the manner pre-
! scribed by [aw. How, then, can Senator Doug-
; las do otheiwise than support the Lecompton
constitution ?
But it is said that the election ordered by the
' free-State Legislature for the 4th of January, dis-
1 closes the fact that there was a large majority
! against the Lecompton constitution. Upwards
i of ten thousand majority against it! And shall
! snch a starfhng fact be disregarded ?
i In the first place, this vote was taken with a
; knowledge that one party alone would vote—it
! was ex parte. The act, too, was without prece-
dent. It may be safely affirmed that the whole
history of constitutional government and reform
cannot show its like in the United States. Repeal
a constitution already adopted under an act call-
ing upon the people to vote for or against it! But
the vote reported as cast on that occasion is man-
ifestly fraudulent. Why is it so much larger than
was ever cast before by the free-State men ? Why
is it so much larger than that cast by them for
State officers on the same day ? Why is it so much
larger than the memorial gotten up by them
through their own census, taken only a few months
ago? The free-State vote on the constitution is
put at about 10,178; on State officeis at about
7,000; on their memorial it is 4,170.
I have heretofore shown that the presidential
election was fought upon the speedy admission
of Kansas, &c., as the only means of giving peace
to the country. Shall we keep it open, and thus
play into the hands of those who are insurgents,
and regard its agitation as necessary to success?
Let us see what Judge Douglas has heretofore
said upon this point.
In April,* 1856, Mr. Douglas, in his place in
the Senate, said:
" The policy is avowed, by the pretended executive offi-
cer of that so-called State, to continue the condition of vio-
lence by inducing Congress to withhold appropriations to
pay Us officers, and thusenable the revolutionarymovement
to be successful. When I see that the same line of policy
is marked out here, showing that the object is to prevent
any settlement of the question, to keep up revolution, to
deleat the supremacy of the law, to perpetuate the struggle,
I feel bound lo give it no countenance by any vote of mine.
" Gentlemen have been kind enough to say that the ob-
ject of tins bill is to make a slave State in Kansas. I show
them that, by the provisions ofthe bill, its object is to allow
the people to make just such a State as they wish. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] says he has a right
to go a little behind the face of the bill, and give his opin-
ion that the object is to make Kansas a slave State. Con-
ceding that right, and acting upon it, f have a right to come
to the conclusion that all these gentlemen want is to get
up minder ami bloodshed in Kansas for political effect.
They do not mean that there shall he peace until after the
presidential election. They sent their partisan agents toget
up rebellion, to commit crime, to burn houses, and then their
newspaper agents are to report these acts here, and charge
them on the bordei ruffians. This whole game of violence
there, and the publication of it bete, is done by the one and
same set of men—done for political effect. Tt is a part of
theii came. They do not mean that there shall be peace.
Their capital for the presidential election is blood. We may
as well talk plainly. An angel from Heaven could not write
a bill to lostore peacc in Kansas that would be acceptable
to the Abolition Republican party previous to the presiden-
tial election. [Laughter and applause in the galleiies.]
u Then, sir, if it be an evil to have laws in foi'ce infringing
the freedom of speech in the Territory, why not join with
us to pans tins bill, which obhteiates those jaws? If it be
an evil of such magnitude as to justify rebellion and blood-
shed to have test oaths in the Territory, why not join us m
blotting them out? If there be such evils as are porttaved
m Kansas, why not jom us in appl>mg the remedy? No;
you vainly hope that you can make'the people believe that
the Democracy ate ic^ponsjhle foi- the consequences of your
own acts, and thus gathei political capital from the blood of
your feilow-citi/.ens, n violence can reign and excitement
ia.>t until the piesiaential elccuon. Ilc-ncc, law must not
prevail—life must not be safe—nroperty must not be secure
—peace must not be restoied m Kansas, if the Abolition-
Republican leaders can prevent it, until after the election.
You mistake, if you suppose the people will not be able to
under&tand this scheme.'1
Such was the opinion of Judge Douglas as late
as the 12th June last, when, in his Springfield
speech, he said:
If such is not the result let the consequences be visited
nnon the heads oftho.-e whose policy it is to produce strife,
niiatrPy.aiid bloodshed in Kansas, that their party may
p.oiit hv slavery agitation m the northern States of this
Union 11
Governor Walker, in his letter of 27th May,
1857, to Mr. Cass, says:
" I am well satisfied that a large portion of the insurrec-
tionary party in this Tcrntoiy do not desire the peaceful
settlement of this question, but wish it to remain open in
order to agitate the country tor years to come. Such a le-
snlt [ would regat das most disastrous, not only to the peace
and pro^penty of Kansas, but as putting m imminent jeop-
aidy the Government itself."
Governor Walker says, in his official letter:
" The professed object is to protect the polls at the elec-
tion in August ofthe new insurgent Topefca State Legisla-
tuie. The object of taking the names of ail who refuse
enrollment t< t<> ternfy the free-State conservatives into
submission. This is piovcd by recent atiocities committed
on «uch men b> Tnpekaites. "The speedy location of large
bodies of regul.tr tsoops hete, with two battel ies. is neces-
sary; the Lawte'i^e in^uigents await the development of
tins new revolutionar} military organization.1' * *
" You aie aware that'Generaf Lane commanded the mili-
tary expedition which made an incursion into tins Territory
last jear, and that the officers ofthe staff arc all leading
agitators tor the overthrow of the territorial government.
The object of this last requisition is believed to be to mark
lor persecution and oppression all those persons, and espe-
cially free-State Demociats, who refuse to unite in this
