342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Auxiliary Guard—Mr. Goode.
Ho. of Reps.
tention to another passage, which has not, per-
haps, wholly lost its significance:
« That whenever any form of government becomes de-
structive of these ends (for which it was created) it is the
right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a
new government, laying us foundation on such principles
and organizing it in such form as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness."
Oar forefathers were notunsustainedin the try-
ing times of the Revolution. They had friends
in England who boldly and eloquently defended
their cause, and warned the British ministers of
the consequences of their rashness. Among them
were Lord Chatham, Burke, Fox, Pownall, and
Colonel Barre.
Said the latter gentleman, on the floor of Par-
liament:
" I prophesied, on passing the stamp act, in 1765, what
would happen thereon; and I now, in March, 1769, fear I
can prophesy further troubles; that lfthe whole people weie
made desperate, finding no remedy from Parliament, the
whole continent will be in arms immediately, and perhaps
these provinces lost to England forever."
In February, 1769, said Governor Pownall, in
Parliament:
"TheAmericans do universally, unitedly, and unaltcr-
ably declare, as I have before told the House, that they
ought nor to submit. The slightest circumstance will now,
in a moment, throw everything into confusion and blood-
shed. That spirit which led their ancestors to break off
everything which is near and dear to the human heart, has
but a slight sacrifice to make at tins time; they have not to
quit their native country, but to defend it; not to lorsake
their friends and relations, but to unite with nnd stand by
them inoue common union. They will abominate as sin-
cerely as they now love you. In one word, if this spnitof
fanaticism should once arise upon the idea of persecuting
these people, you will not, for the future, be able to govern
with a rod of iron.
" If it be not the humor of the House to believe this at
present, ! only beg that they will remember that it ha*been
said, and that they were forewarned of it."
How applicable to our own times!
Lord Chatham said:
" When the resolution was taken in this House to tax
America, I was ill in bed ; iff could have cnduicd to have
been carrifd in my bed, m) gieatwas the agitation of my
mind for the consequences, f would have solicited **omn
kind hand to have laid me down on this floor, to have borne
my testimony against it."
Again spoke Lord Chatham:
"America, if she falls, will fall like the strong man. She
would embrace the pillars of the State, and pull down the
constitution along with her."  
Again, when he spoke those words that made
the tyrants tremble:
" America is almost in open rebellion. I rejoice that
America has resisted."
But all these warnings were unheeded to the
last.
I know not upon what to rest the hope that the
North will at last yield to wiser and more mod-
erate counsels. All the old national parties are
broken up, save thn Democratic party,and that is
weakened by desertion and torn by divisions. I
do yet fondly hope that this old party will be
found strong enough, patriotic and self-sacrifieinp;
enough, to meet boldly this question,upon winch
its fate and the fate of the Union depend, and once
more restore peace and quiet to a distracted coun-
try. It has received accessions of late from the
old Whig and the American parties, and forms a
nucleus around which the conservative men of the
whole country may still rally. Though deserted
by those once recognized as its leaders, a portion
of the old guard—the true-hearted northern De-
mocracy—still stands firm. Though their mo-
tives may be maligned, their names threatened
to be cast out as despised, and public honors de-
nied them, still, unmoved, they go on to the dis-
charge of their duty to their country. I listened
with delight to the manly and eloquent speech of
thegentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Bisiiop] the
other day. While the spirit which he exhibited
survives among the northern Democracy, though
they may for a time be in the minority, we may
yet have hope for the perpetuity of our institu-
tions. All honor to them! They will yet be
honored and sustained at home, cherished and
respected tit the South; while they will ever be
cheered with the pleasing consciousness of hav-
ing, like patriots, discharged their duty boldly,
notwithstanding the desertion of the Douglases,
the Walkers, the Forneys, the Bancrofts, and
others—once honored leaders. One of these was
but yesterday the idol of every southern heart;
the hero of many a forcnsic contest; the example
first on the lips to refute the charge that the north-
ern Democracy were not to be trusted. All re-
member how, like Saladin's, his keen Damascus
blade shone so brightly on many afield in defense
of the constitutional rights of the South. Admir-
ing friends looked forward to the day when they
could elevate him to the Presidency of the nation
—an honor \yhich had only been delayed yet a
little while, as*they deemed, for an older, though
not, as they then knew, a better soldier. That he
should so suddenly turn his back upon his ancient
friends, and join his long embittered foes, is
strange,unaccountable, unnatural.
A striking example in our early history is re-
called to my mind. Itisof one who was among
the boldest and bravest in the early days of our
Revolution—daring, resolute, and zealous in the
cause of liberty. His blood was freely shed for
the greatcause. The Father of his Country trusted
him, leaned upon him; and yet he, at last, from
ambition or some secret griefs, proved himself a
traitor to his country. Rememberingthe pastas
I do, I will not call him, to whom I have referred,
by so harsh a name; but fiom present appear-
ances, from his quick nomination in the West
for the Presidency, with the faithless Robert J.
Walker on the same ticket for Vice President;
from the indications given out by his organ at
Chicago, and from his late speech in opposition
to the South, in which, to make friends, as it
seemed, with the Black Republicans, he joins
with them in grossly misrepresenting the posi-
tions of our section; it will not surprise me to
see, very soon, the mask thrown off, and this
unnamed chief fighting in the ranks of his late
revilcrs.
We of the South are represented as desirous of
extending slavery to the free territory of the North.
This is not so. We claim the right to carry our
slaves into territory belonging alike to all the
States. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauns-
worth] says he admits this principle, as regards
all property save that of slaves. He denies that
slavery exists by the common law, but contends
that it is by statute law only; and denies that this
property should be taken to any of the Territo-
ries of the Union.
I tell that gentleman that this is no longer a
question for dispute. It is the law of the land, so
pronounced by the highest judicial tribunal in our
country. It was also decided by twelve of the
ablest judges in England, among whom was Lord
Holt, " that negroes were merchandise." I refer
the gentleman to Burgos's Commentaries, vol. 1,
page 735; Chalmers's Opinions of Eminent Law-
yer?, vol. 2, pages 262, 2G3, 364; and Colquhoun
on Roman and Civil Law—not having time to
read them now. •
We do not ask you to regard slavery as we re-
gard it. It is not suited to your northern clime,
but it is suited to ours. We of the South believe
that it is recognized and sanctioned by the Al-
mighty m his revealed Word. We think its in-
troduction into our country has been the efficient
means of civilizing and Christianizing the African
lace. We know them to be happy and contented.
Agriculture, commerce, and manufactures, have
all derived benefits incalculable from this institu-
tion. By it the world has been clothed and fed.
Think of it as you will, but deny to us none of
our constitutional rights; cease to molest us, and
we may yet live on in peace. We are content to
assume all its responsibilities, both here and here-
after, and are willing to abide the enlightened pub-
lic opinion of the world. And may we not hope
that there is sufficient virtue, intelligence, and
patriotism, at the North to correct this unsound
public sentiment? or shall treason, folly, and fa-
naticism, bo permitted to rule the day, and this
Republic, with all its present greatness, and its
glorious promises, be destroyed, merely to grat-
ify the thirst for power of those Black Republican
leaders, in whoso hearts, as I believe, there lurks
treason as dark as ever actuated the blood-bound
associates of Catiline's conspiracy. They, too,
meditated an insuweetion of the slavesin the Ro-
man territories, as one of their means of effecting
their unholy purposes. Cicero, after detecting
their plot and arresting their persons, boldly asked:
if they deserve praise who laid the foundation of
the Republic, do not we also who preserved it from
its enemies? May not those now (and I allude
particularly to those residing in the North) who
unite to restore peace to this distracted country,
by preventing the triumphs of treason and rebel-
lion in Kansas, and by thwarting the designs of
the enemies of the Constitution and the Union,
ask in the same spirit if they, too, have not de-
served well of their country ?
AUXILIARY GUARD.
SPEECH OF HON. W. O. GOODE,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlpril 19, 1858.
[written out by himself.*]
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and having under consideration the bill
to establish an Auxiliary Guard for the District of Colum-
bia-
Mr. GOODE said:
Mr. Chairman: The few suggestions which I
propose to offer will be expressed briefly as I can.
I have no essay to publish. If I had the weight
of character or power of language to command
the attention of the House, I should not indulge
in inflammatory declamation. I should employ my
strength to impress the House with a just percep-
tion of the measure on which we are called to de-
cide.
Several days have passed since this question
wasopened fordiscussion. The debate has taken
a wide range, and gentlemen have felt themselves
called upon to go forth into the wide field of par-
tisan warfare. I shall not follow their example.
I shall endeavor to call back attention to the true
pending question. It was just announced from
the chair. The committee are called upon to pass
on the comparative merits of the bill I have pro-
posed, and the substitute for the Senate bill offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd.]
The general objects and provisions of these plans
are nearly identical. They provide for the same
force, the same number of officers, and for nearly
the same expenditure of money; but the regular
expenditure, under my bill, will require a sum
smaller, by about $2,500, than the plan of the gen-
tleman from Now York—and to that extent I am
entitled to the argumentof economy, but I admit
the advantage is inconsiderable. There are, how-
ever, important differences in the two proposi-
tions. My bill establishes a police court, by which
offenders against the law and police regulations
may be summarily tried and punished, which I
regard as an actual necessity in the administra-
tion of justice in this city. At present, the pros-
ecution of the most petty offenses is by a regu-
lar ciiminal prosecution, requiring an indictmcnt
by the grand jury—the minimum expense being
about forty dollars, often ranging above one hun-
dred dollars, and requiring from the Treasury an
annual appropriation far exceeding one hundred
thousand dollars for the prosecution of petty of-
fenses in the District of Columbia. A large pro-
portion of this would be saved by the provision
of my bill—a sum, perhaps, equal to the whole
cost of the contemplated police force.
But the distinguishing characteristics of the two
propositions are to be found in the different modes
of appointment. The gentleman from New York
proposes to constitute a board of commissioners
to organize this police force—the board to be
elected by the qualified voters of the city of Wash-
ington. Not only to be elected, but chosen in
equal numbers from contending political parties.
The scheme contemplates the election of two Dem-
ocrats and two Know Nothings or Americans.
Thus will be introduced into the organization
antagonistic elements, in equal forces. The nature
of the service of a police force demands prompti-
tude, secrecy, and energy. It is indispensable it
should be directed by unity of will, and executed
with concert of action. The plurality of will and
antagonism of purpose or of object, are utterly in-
consistent with the efficiency of the police. The
discrepancy of views, the conflict of opinions,
and consequent delay in the deliberations and de-
cisions of the board must effectually destroy the
usefulness of a police appointed under the scheme
of the gentleman from New York. There would
* Foi the original report, see page 1670 Cong. Globe.
