1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
military organization. The purpose is universally regarded
to be to ebiaWihh a leign of terror." * * *• *
"A few weeks since, one of these conservative Demo-
crats, who had commuted no other offense than permitting
the use of his name as a candidate for the constitutional
convention, was abused and injured in the most shocking
manner, and the most revolting atrocities were committed
upon his wife by some of the insurrectionary party." *
* * * " It will be perceived that this military or-
ganization embraces the whole Territory—being arranged
into four divisions and eight brigades." * * * *
" August 18.—The insurgent military organization under
General Lane is still piogrcssmg. Arms are being supplied,
and his troops drilled for action. We are threatened with
the seizure of the polls, at various points, by these insur-
gent forces. When it is remembered that the Topeka party
claim to outnumber their opponents at least ten to one, the
pretext for assembling these forces to protect the polls is
evidently most fallacious"
To all this much more might be added of the
same character. Can any man who loves order,
peace, and harmony, desire such scenes to con-
tinue? Will Democrats who desire hereafter to
be so regarded, help to continue such scenes?
So late as the 12th June, 1857, Senator Doug-
las had said:
"Of the Kansas question, but little need be said at the
present time. You are familiar with the history of the
question, and my connection with it. Subsequent reflec-
tion has strengthened and confirmed my convictions in the
soundness of the piinciplpsand the correctness of the course
I have felt it my duty to pursue upon that subject."
What has.occurred since to induce a change of
tbis course ? I fear ambition has done its work.
I fear imaginary private griefshave been actively
at work. I have heard of a meeting of the Illi-
nois delegation to consider of the policy to be pur-
sued. I give at least one gentleman from Illinois
notice that I shall bring up a matter in connection
with the movement of that delegation in reference
to this defection on the Kansas question, when I
have an opportunity to do so. I intended to pay
my respects to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] but I have not the time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How much time
have I?
A Member. Only three minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I want to say
this 
Mr.SMITH,ofVirginia. Icannotyicld. How
much time have I, Mr. Chairman?
The CHAIRMAN. About two minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I merely want
to say that if the gentleman has anything to say
about the Illinois'delegation, I wish he would
charge it, and not insinuate it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do charge it as
distinctly as I can.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. What does the
gentleman charge?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will gentlemen
give me time to go on?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman asks that
his time may be extended.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, and I prefer to
make the objection upon a gentleman on my own
side.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say this in
conclusion, that the delegation from Illinois, or a
portion of them at any rate, met together here,
when Congress assembled, to consider the course
which a certain gentleman m the other end of the
Capitol should pursue, and the means he should
use to secure his reelection to the United States
Senate. I say that much; and I will make out the
case when I have the time. I say that that cer-
tainly extraordinary action has resulted in a con-
certed movement, having an eye alone to his re-
election.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER obtained the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a moment?
Mr. PALMER. I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I would like
to state that the charge of the gentleman from
Virginia is wholly and entirely unfounded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know
about it of my own knowledge; but when a mem-
ber of that delegation speaks to that effect, when
he tells it to mc without reserve, tells it to another
person, and, I may say, to still another—I allude
to the successor of the gallant Richardson—I take
it to be true. He told me that they had a confer-
ence; that in that conference they came to the
conclusion that the only chance for the reelection
of Mr. Douglas to the United States Senate was
in the course he has pursued. I speak openly
and squarely, because I have nothing to fear nor
favor to ask.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I do not know
from whom the gentleman received his inform-
ation; but if he intends to include the whole Illi-
nois delegation, I, as one of that delegation, can
tell him that it is wholly and entirely unfounded,
so far as I am concerned. I do not believe any
such general confcrence ever was held.
Mr. COX. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from New York, I wish to say, in relation
to this most extraordinary attack which has been
made upon the Democrats acting against the Le-
compton bill here, that it becomes the gentleman
from Virginia, least of all the members of this
House, to read lectures to the members of the
Democratic party.
Mr. ATKINS. I object to the gentleman's
speaking, unless the gentleman from Virginia is
to have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will have the op-
portunity. The gentleman from Virginia was
elected by the aid of American votes, and he has
acted with the Americans..
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order, and will resume his seat.
Mr. COX. I am speaking in the time of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Palmer,] and
by his leave. The gentleman has turned tail upon
the Democratic party, and it does not become him
to turn round and read a lecture to them, after he
has joined hands with the Americans.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is out of order. The gentleman from New York
has the right, under the rules of the House, to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Ohio to pro-
pound a question or make an explanation, but
not further, without unanimous consent. Several
gentlemen have objected, and, therefore, the gen-
tleman is out of order.
Mr. KEITT. Will it be in order to make a
proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will resume
their seats and come to order.
Mr. POSTER. I move that the gentleman
have what the underwriters call "general liberty.''
[A laugh.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us have this
little matter out now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair announces that
unless gentlemen preserve order, he will abandon
the chair and report the disorderly members to
the House.
Mr. PALMER. I hope this will not be taken
out of my time.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed his full hour.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to all these arrange-
ments.
Mr. PALMER. I will proceed.
Mr. COX. I ask the cemleman to 
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will be good
enough to resume their sea's.
Mr. PALMER. I would very gladly yield for
a few minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that, even if the gen-
tleman from New York were to yield to him, he
could not proceed, cxcept to ask a question, or
to make a personal explanation in reference to
something which has been said in relation to him-
self, without the unanimous eonsentof the com-
mittee; and the Chan is already informed that
that consent will not be given.
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
address the committee briefly upon topics sug-
gested by the annual message of the President,
and especially by the communication he has lately
made to Congress demanding the admission ot a
new State into the Union, in a particular manner
and with a particular constitution.
In these messages the President seems to have
mistaken the functions of his office. Whether
Kansas shall or shall not come into the Union,
with or without the Lecompton constitution, js,
by virtue of the fundamental principles on^which
th*} Republic is based, a question solely Jor the
legislative department of the Government to de-
termine.
" New States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union," is the language of the Constitu-
tion; and this power belongs exclusively its-
very nature to the Representatives-of the people
and of the sovereign States whose relative inter-
ests are affected by its exercise.
Washington had such a respect for the line
which separates the executive from the legisla-
tive functions of the Government, especially in
cases involving the sovereignty and enlargement
of the States, that when the first application for
admission into the Union was made, he studious-
ly avoided even to express an opinion as to the
propriety of the measure, much less to address to
Congress a sectional harangue, assailing one por-
tion of the people,eulogizing another,and insist-
ing in the most arrogant terms that their Repre-
sentatives shall adopt the particular line of action
which he shall mark out for them. *
In his message to Congress, in 1790, he thus
alludes to the admission of a new State into the
Union:
" Since your la«st session,! have received communica-
tions by which it appears that the district of Kentucky, at
present a part of Virginia, has concurred in certain prop-
ositions contained in a law of the State; in consequence
of which the district is to become a distinct member of the
Union, in case the requisite sanction of Congress be added.
For this sanction application is now made. I shall cause
the papers on this very important transaction to be laid be-
foie you.'5
And there he stopped. He laid the papers be-
fore Congress, and that was the limit of his con-
stitutional duty.
The Constitution of the United States makes it
] the duty of the President " from time to time to
J give to the Congress information of the state of
i the Union, and recommend to their consideration
; such measures as he shall judge necessary and
| expedient;" measures which in his judgment are
• necessary and expedient in order to enable him
! to administer the Government as he finds it—as
j the legislative power has confided it to his hands,
j Such are the subjects which he may " recommend
to the consideration of the Congress;" and the
; earlier Presidents confined themselves to the let-
ter and spirit of this constitutional right.
They laid before Congress, in brief and com-
prehensive sentences, the condition of the Union;
they occasionally discussed in general terms ab-
stract principles of political economy; and when-
ever they alluded to specific measures of legisla-
tion, it was merely to commend them, in dignified
and respectful terms, to the free and independent
consideration of Congress. They did not deem
it within the range of their duty or their dignity
to appeal to party prejudices, passions, and inter- *
ests; nor did they themselves, nor did they re-
quire or permit their subordinates in office, to
attempt to control the action of the legislative de-
partment of the Government, either by the hope
of reward or the fear of punishment.
In his lii st address to Congress, in 1789, Wash-
ington illustrates this clause in the Constitution,
as well as the duty of the President under it. He
says:
!j "By the aitiele estabhsh?n<r the executive department,
j i it is made the duly of the President to recommend to your
|i consideration «ueh measures as he shall judge necessary
!; ami expedient The circumstances under which J meet
, j vou will aeqtui me fiom entering into that subject further
| "than to lolerfo the great constitutional charter under which
S you aie assembled, and which, in defining your powers,
, detonates the objects to which your attention is to be
given."
In the next paragraph of the same message,
with what studied disclaimer of the right to ad-
vise, much less to dictate, to the Congress, he
approaches a question not embraced within the
** necessary and expedient measures of legisla-
tion." There was then a warm discussion going
on in the country,in which parties were divided,
concerning amendments to the Constitution.
The President, coming to this subject, says:
" Besides tne ordinary objects submitted to your care, it
; will remain with your judgment to decide how Car an ex-
orcise of the occasional power delegated by the fifth article
of tne Constitution is rendered expedient, at the present
juncture, by the nature of the objections which have been
urged against the system, oi by the degree of inquietude
which ha*; given birth to them. Tn«tPadof undertaking par
uciilar recommendations on this subject, in which I could
be guided by no lights derived from official opportunities, I
f-halt again give way to my entnc confidence in your dis-
cernment aud pursuit of the public good."
That this uniform rpfusal to interfere with, or
to attempt in the slightest degree to control the
action of Congress, which characterized his whole
administration, was not the result of accident,
but rather of design; and awell-settled conviction
! of right and propriety, is manifest by what he
