1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Auxiliary Guard,—Mr, Goode.
Ho. of Reps.
be no more probability of accord and agreement
in the consultations and decisions of such a board,
than if those functions were to be performed by
the gentleman from New York and myself.
Mr. BURROUGHS. May I ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question ?
Mr. GOODE. Not many questions.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginiaif he does not know that the
best governed cities and villages in America, to-
*day, are governed by men chosen ift this way from
the two parties?
Mr. GOODE. I do not. I should deem it im-
practicable for such a, board to agree on anything;
and the whole scheme seems utterly inadmissible.
It has been recommended as calculated to free the
police from partisan influences. To accomplish
this you provide, in the first instance, for a par-
tisan election, which is to be repeated annually.
You provide that Democrats and Americans shall
vote together, and yet require that equal numbers
of each party shall be chosen; and it is requisite
that these equal numbers of unfriendly ana hos-
tile forces shall act in concert and harmoniously,
to produce results at all beneficial. I can hope
for nothing good or efficient from this discord-
ant, double-headed monster. It if, verily, a double-
headed monster, with no precedent in history, no
prototype in nature, no similitude in the regions
of fancy—except the triple-headed Cerberus,
placed by mythologists as a guard at the gates
of hell.
This nondescript board is obnoxious to the fur-
ther objection of violating the spirit and principles
of the Constitution. The power of appointment
is undoubtedly executive in its very nature And
this scheme of the gentleman from New York pro-
vides ^for carrying into effect this executive power
through the agency of a legislative commission.
With deference I submit that these objections
to the plan of the gentleman from New York are
unanswerable. They are entirely avoided by my
plan, which I shall now proceed to explain.
My bill provides that the chief shall be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate;
that the captains and lieutenants shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, and the
men by the chief of the auxiliary guard; which I
hold to be in strict accordance with the principles!
of the Constitution, The Constitution provides
that
" The President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, s>hall appoint embassadors, other public minis-
ters, and crwsulfe, judges of the Supreme (Joint, and all other
officers of the United States, whose appointments are not
herein otherwise piovuled tor, aiul which Miull b« (pub-
lished by law. But Cousjipps may by law v m the appoint-
ment of such inferior ojheura as Itiey thmk propiM m the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of De-
partments."
If, then, these be officers of the United States,
the Constitution determines theappointingpower.
But to avoid the force of this argument, gentle-
men deny that these are Federal officers; hut that
proposition cannot be sustained. They are cer-
tainly officers. They certainly satisfy the defini-
tion of that term. But if officers, they must be
Federal officers, because they are created by act
of Congress. Their duties are prescribed by act
of Congress, and they are paid from the Federal
Treasury. It is therefore impossible to resist the
conclusion that they are Federal officers, and
therefore must be appointed by the Federal Exec-
utive—by the President—by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. It is true that Con-
gress may by law provide that such inferior offi-
cers as they think proper may be appointed by
the President alone, to avoid the necessity of ap-
plying for concurrence of the Senate in so vast a
number of appointments, and we may provide
that the courts may appoint their own officers;
and still further to relieve the President, we may
provide for the appointment of inferior officers by
the heads of the Departments, which is accord-
ingly proposed in my bill. With the exceptions
thus enumerated, all Federal appointments must
be made by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate.
The Constitution places all executive power in
the President of the United States. The power
of appointment is an executive power, and there-
fore vests in the President. In framing the Con-
stitution, our ancestors adopted the British Con-
stitution as their model. In England theappoint-
ing power vests in the executive Government.
It is, indeed, a royal prerogative, and to attempt
to usurp it, is to impinge on the prerogatives of
the Crown. In this country, by the wisdom of
out*fathers, the appointing power is reposed in the
Chief Executive of the Confederacy. Even if this
be unwise, it is ordained by the founders of our
system. It is not denied that the President must
appoint the superior officers of Government, your
military and naval commanders, the judges of the
Supreme Court and of all the Federal courts; and
yet it is held to be dangerous to confide to him
the appointment of the chief of the police of
Washington city !
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to know whether,
under the act of 1850, the commissioners were
appointed by the President, or by the courts of
the District, in which they were to act?
Mr. GOODE. Did not the gentleman hear me
say that Congress had power to provide by law
for the appointment of inferior officers by the
courts or by the heads of the Departments? It
was precisely the proposition which i announced.
Mr. BLISS. I would like to be enlightened on
one point, for it is an important one. I under-
stand the gentleman to claim that the officers of
this District are Federal officers under the Consti-
tution.
Mr. GOODE. The officers of the corporation
are municipal officers; but it is competent for
Congress to create other officers in the District,
who are not municipal officers, but who are, of
I necessity, Federal officers.
Mr. BLISS. I ask whether, under the Consti-
I tution, any difference was made between any of
! the local officers of the District, such as Mayor,
i and policemen, or any other officer?
Mr. GOODE. The office of Mayor, under the
charter, is elective by the people. The office of
chief of police is proposed to be regulated by this
bill. If he could be deemed a municipal officer,
he would be appointed by the Mayor, according
to the terms of the city charter. If he be a Fed-
eral officer, as appears to me to be unquestionable,
then, by the terms of the Federal Constitution,
the appointment is vested in the Federal Execu-
tive. We may, by law, provide for the appoint-
ment by the Secretary of the Interior, or the head
of any other Department, or in the courts; but if
there be no such special provision, the appoint-
ment attaches, ex vi termini, in the President of
the United States.
Gentlemen insist it is dangerous to invest the
President with the alarming power of appointing
the head of the police of a petty municipality.
Under the genius of the Constitution they can
trust lum with the supreme power of negotiating
treaties with foreign countries; they can confide
to him the appointment of the whole diplomatic
corps—consuls, ministers, envoys extraordinary
and ministers plenipotentiary to represent the
country at foreign Courts; they can trust him to
appoint our Federal judges, the commanders of
the Army and Navy of the United States, with
the whole roll of their subordinates; they can trust
him with the actual command of the Army and
Navy of the United States and of the embodied
militia of the several States when called into act-
ual service; but they are thrown into a tremor
when called to invest him with the dangerous and
alarming power of appointing the chief of the police
of the city of Washington! Verily, it seems a
strong illustration of the proverb, that you "strain
at a gnat and swallow a camel."
Sir, when gentlemen denounce this as an alarm-
ing usurpation; when they denounce the Presi-
dent of the United States as an unsafe and dan-
gerous repository of the appointing power, I
decline, myself, to offer the reply. I refuse to
place my own authority, my own humble and un-
known name, to be weighed in the balance against
those distinguished gentlemen; but I call upon the j
framersof the Constitution to answer; I call upon !
James Madison to answer; I call upon Alexander ;
Hamilton to answer; I call upon Gouverneur |
Morris, upon James Wilson, to answer; I call j
upon John Rutledge, upon Charles Pinkney, j
Charles Cotesw oi th Pinckney and Picrcc Butler, |
to answer; and last, though not least, I call upon I
Benjamin Franklin and George Washington to |
answer. These, and all these, and such as these,
if, indeed, there could be such, have placed it in
the Constitution, have inscribed it upon the en-
during records of their country, that they regard
the President of the United States as the true and
safe and wise and proper repositary of the power
of appointment. Such are the names which I
bring forward to weigh in the balance against the
authority of honorable gentlemen.
Sir, I pray the House to examine deliberately
and dispassionately the nature of the objections
urged against vesting this appointment in the
President. It will be found that they rest in a
great degree on personal hostility to the incum-
bent. Most of the Opposition have denounced
him as corrupt. True, there are honorable ex-
ceptions, and among them I am happy to distin-
guish the honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.] Sir, I have never professed
myself the peculiar champion of James Buchanan;
but I was pained to hear him the subject of these
unjust and cruel attacks; I was pained to hear
the denunciation of a man who has spent a long
and honorable and distinguished life in the virtu-
ous exercise of the social faculties, and the faith-
ful discharge of his duty to his country—a man
who has been borne by public favor through the
regular gradations of public honors till he was
eventually installed in the elevated and exalted
position which he now adorns, I was pained to
see him made the subject of attack and denunci-
ation and vituperation, if not of slander.
Mr. BURROUGHS, again interrupting, was
understood to remark, that it was not to the for-
mer life and bearing of Mr. Buchanan that ex-
ception had been taken, but to his present con-
duct and character.
Mr. GOODE. Let me say to the member from
New York, thatany man who brings himself into
voluntary comparison with James Buchanan, as
a man of virtue, honor, intelligence, distinction,
and honorable bearing, will have occasion to deem
himself fortunate if he should not suffer severely
from the contrast. Sir, I call upon gentlemen to
bear in mind it is now openly avowed that the
objection to place the power of appointment in
James Buchanan is, that he is unworthy the con-
fidence of the country—that he is said to be the
head of a rotten and repudiated Administration, to
use the elegant and refined language of the mem-
ber from Massachusetts, [Mr. Covins.] Before
Mr. Buchanan became the standard-bearer of De-
mocracy, lie was exempt from these unjust im-
putations. Since he was elevated to his present
position he is made the shining mark for the poi-
soned arrows of his enemies. I demand it of the
House to shield an honorable man and a faithful
public functionary from these rude and unhal-
lowed assaults. I ask no member of the House
to support a measure which his judgment con-
demns; but, in arranging this power of appoint-
ment, I call upon the House, and especially the
Democracy of the House, to shield the President
from aspersion and obloquy. Gentlemen can vote
for my proposition over that of the gentleman from
New York without being committed to its provis-
ions. Such vote will be a mere expression of
preference, and not a declaration of approval.
It was argued by a gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] that by the charter of the city
the power of appointment is vested in the Mayor
of Washington, and that it will be usurpation to
exert it through the President. { confess I was
surprised at such an argument from such a source.
The charter of the city was designed to enable
the people here to manage their own local inter-
ests, and regulate then own municipal affairs. It
never could have been conceived that by its en-
actment the Government of the United States sur-
rendered the right and power of self-protection
and self-preservation, and the rights and power-
of eminent domain within the limits of the Dis-
trict. The authority of the corporation is con
current with that of this Government, and only
concurrent as to subjects affecting particular in-
terests of the people here. There is no point in
this broad Confederacy in which this Govern-
ment does not exercise a jurisdiction, either con-
current or exclusive. The several States are sov-
ereign and supreme. They exercise supreme
authority on subjects confided to their charge
in our scheme of polity. Yet this Government
