m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Comagua, a distance of one hundred and sixty-
eiglit miles, and with an average.grade, as the re-
ports of the surveys of Mr. E. G. Squier state,
of only twenty-eight feet to the mile." Hecon-
tinues:
(< While Panama and Nicaragua were oarly made the field
of American enterpnse for the establishment of an inter-
oce&mc communication, it is a little singular that speedier
attention was not directed to this route to the Pacific, which
is shorter than any other, not excepting that of Teliuante-
pee, and ofreis facilities for the construction of aninter-
oceanic railroad, not exceeded by any other."
He adds:
" Extraordinary inducements are oficred for the fuither-
ing of tins great enterprise ; one of the principal of which
is the existence oi safe and capacious harbors at either ter-
minus, (an advantage not possessed by the Tehuantepec
route,) and the comparative small amount of grading and
bridging to he done."
In the following paragraph he describes the site
of the intended terminus on the Pacific side:
" The first impression ©11 landing at Tigre Island (in the
hay on the Pacific side) is its splendid facilities for fortifica-
tion, and the formation of a great central commercial depot
from which to command the trade of the tine States bor-
dering on The bay of Fonseca. Its resources fully devel-
oped, Amapala might be made the most impoitant port on
the Pacific coast, south of San Francisco. In 18-30, Mr. E.
G. Squier, during his eharg^htp, forvvaided a series of dis-
patches to the United States Government, in which hp ad-
vocated the advantages of enteung into negotiations with
Honduras for the establishment of a naval station at Ama-
pala. Should this plan be adopted, the yeaily increasing
means of communication between California and the eastern
States would soon place a United States squadron within
seven days of Washington; with the conduction of the
contemplated Honduias laihoad, and the appliances of tel-
egraphs and steamers, Government ordets of the most vital
importance to the nation could reach our squadron in the
Pacific m three and a half days. The town is now the prin-
cipal, or rather the only real port where large vessels or
steamers may anchor and discharge, 011 the Pacific coast of
the throe Republics of Ilondutas, "San Salvadoi, or Nicara-
gua."
Our Presidents, of late years, have not been able
to lift their vision to look beyond a President-nom-
inating convention. Without having rendered
service of any sort to recommend them to the favor
of the nation, these conventional aspirants rely on
their location in the North, the skill in party tac-
tics acquired by them as subalterns at the drill,
and the cunning acquired m the intrigues neces-
sary to give prominence to an eager ambition,
without the higher faculties to promote it, fitted
these men to become the instruments of a section
to defeat the sound, settled policy of the nation.
Pillmore was too busy in making covert compli-
ances to ingratiate himself with tho.se pressing
from the South to extend theareaofsluvery North
and West, to listen to our Charge in Central Amer-
ica, when urging the expansion of our national
greatness in a direction to have its just control
over the continent and the oceans that washed its
shores. Pierce was s6 sunk in his submission to
the plotters laboring to crush Kansas under sla-
very, that the overtures of Ban untha, which would
have lifted a whole galaxy of independent States,
•with open bosom to welcome the enterprise and
industry of our countrymen ,ind the influence of
our Government, were unheeded The voice of
an empire, uttered by its noblest patriot and states-
man, its eloquent philosopher, the scholar who
modeled its Government after our own, fell upon
his ear as 44 upon the dull, cold ear of death."
But" the day of small things," of enslaved Pres-
idents, of buccanceis, will pass away, and the
nation of the New World will icsumc the attitude
which the moral grandeur of the great man who
directed its affairs for the fiivjt half century, gave it.
Then the time will come for a new movement on
this continent, which will confer prosperity on
these races of men.
Mr. Chairman, it is evident to every man of
thought that the freed blacks hold a place m this
country which cannot be maintained. Those who
have fled to the North are most unwelcome vis-
itors. The strong repugnance of the free white
laborer to be yoked with the negro refugee breeds
an enmity between race:-;, which must end in the
expulsion of the latter. Centuries could not rec-
oncile the Spaniards to the -Moors, and although
the latter were the most useful people in Spain,
their expulsion was the only way to peace. In
spite of all that reason or religion can urge, na-
ture has put a badge upon the African, making
amalgamation revolting tQ our racc. Centuries
have shown that even the aboriginal race of this
continent; although approaching our species m
every respect more nearly, perish from contiguity
with the white man. But 1 will not argue the
point. The law of the North has put its ban upon
immigration of negroes into the free States.
In the South, causes more potent still make it
impossible that the emancipated blacks can re-
main there. The multiplication of slaves and freed
men of the same caste m the section where the
dominant race must become proportionally fewer
from emigration, has already compelled the latter
to prohibit emancipation within the States, and
to seek means of deliverance from the free blacks.
The northern States will not receive them; the
southern States dare not retain them. What is to
be done ? What was done with the native popu-
lation which it was found incompatible with the
interests of Georgia and the States southwest
of the Ohio, and the States northwest, to indulge
with homes within their limits? The United
States held it to be a national duty to purchase
their lands from them, acquire homes for them
in other regions, and to hold out inducements and
provide the means for their removal to them.
Have not the negroes, bom on our soil, who have
frown up among us, and although fated to be a
urden and obstruction to our progress—yet al-
ways in amity and laboring to render service—
equal claims upon us with the savages, against
whom we have had to fight our way for centuries,
resistingall attempts to bring them within the pale
of civilization 5
The President, in his late message, proposes
to gather these savages in colonies,and atan early
day raise them to the dignity of forming States,
and assuming equality with the States of the
Union. The Africans, bred and educated within
civilized communities, who speak our language,
arc listeners at our canvasses, lookers-on at the
elections, worshipers in our churches, and con-
stantly witness the processes of improvement in
our society, m the field, the work-shop, and every
domestic scene—one would think quite as capable
of being disciplined 111 colonies, and fitted to take
port in the Government of the Union as the Shaw-
nees, Pottawatomies, Winnebagoes, ihe Sars and
Poxes, removed from thenorthwestjorthe Chero-
kees, Choctaws, Creeks, and Seminoles from the
southwest; as far as respects the Sioux, Paw-
nees, Cheyennes, Utahs, Camanches,and Black-
feet, the President might have spared his recom-
mendation until they were caught. 1 believe the
people who constitute this Confederacy will for-
ever scout the idea of blending either Indian or
negro States with it. The aboriginal or imported
tribes which cannot amalgamate with our race,
can never share in its Government in equal sov-
ereignties. In the benevolentdesign of colonizing
the Indians, protecting and aiding their efforts to
gain a subsistence by cultivating the soil setapart
for them, i most cordially concur; but I think,
whatever form of society they may assume, they
must always be held as dependencies; not put
upon ihe footing of equality with the States.
And ought not the Government to be equally
provident for auch portions of the imfoitunate
race born to slavery, but who, having attained
freedom, find that, it renders them a burden to
those among whom they live—a burden that will
not be borne? This is the question which abso-
lute necessity now forces on the consideration of
the country—one deeply affecting the interests
and feelings of slaveholders and non-slaveholders
of the superior race, and of more than half a mil-
lion ah eddy manumitted inferiors pressed down
by their weight. *
Thcappaientevil which nowprotluccs so much
anxiety" and agitation here, I feel a firm convic-
tion wise counsels will overrule for good. I
beiiove that the removal from among us of such
of the freed people of color as might be induced
willingly to go to such parts of Central America
as our Government could open up to them and
establish as a secure home, would be fraught
with benefits to us, to the emigrants, to the people
leceiving them, and to all concerned m the com-
merce of this continent within the tropics. I have
already quoted the account of a late visitor and
most acute observer, sent to report on the condi-
tion of that country. Ho confirms the general
impression 111 regard to the effete state of the Span-
ish race in Honduras and the other Central Amer-
ican States; the insurrectionary disposition of
the Indians and mestizos of mixed Indian and
Spanish blood, which produces incessant civil
war and revolution; and he shows that the African
race constitutes the basis on which some ener-
getic and intelligent Power must build a stable
structure of free government. The negroes and
mulattoes in Honduras number one hundred and
forty thousand; the Indians one hundred thou-
sand; the whites about fifty thousand; but of this
caste he remarks, that—
" Indiscriminate amalgamation has nearly obliterated the
fonner distinction of caste, and few families of pme Spanish
descent are known. Some of the wealthiest merchants of
the department of Tegucigalpa are blacks, possessing a sur-
pu«smg degree of business tact. Two of the largest com-
meicial houses have negio proprietors, whose meicantile
leialions extend to Euiope, whence they import most of
their goods. Though ihe great mu| ntv of the n°gioes of
Honduras are athoioughly debased and ignoian* ela^, thei e
are numerous exceptions. The Senate and Assembly have
contained many highly intelligent blacks and mulattoes,
thoroughly educated m the Central American school of
politics, and with sufficient discernment to foresee the de-
cline of their own influence, and the power of the negro
race, with the introduction of the Teutonic stock. Hence
their violent opposition toforuism enterprises, m the national
councils ami in then private circles. The clergy are mostly
negroes or mestizos. Their powerforevil has been iaigely
contiacted since the independence ; hut, with a few excep-
tions, these men exercise rather a favorable influence over
the people, and are generally lespectcd."
Mr. Chairman, it is to this country, rich in
mines, in every tropical production, and open to
our emigrants and to our commerce through twa
great bays, one on the Pacific and the other on
the Atlantic, and within three days' steaming of
our own coast, that I would propose to form a set-
tlement for such of our colored lace now free, or
that may hereafter be freed, as might volunteer to
establish it under the auspices of our Government,
And touching this most important policy, as cal-
culated to deliver our Republic from the incubus
which threatens so much mischief, and to convert
it into a means of so much good, I beg leave to
take a lesson from the colonial policy of Great
Britain, which received as a system its finished
and most liberal form under the late administra-
tion of Lord John Russell—Earl Grey presiding
over the office of Secietary of State for the Colo-
mat Department. The whole systdm is developed
in a masterly series of letters addressed by the
Enrl to the Premier, which, with the history of
the colonization that has girdled the world with
Great Britain's dependencies, gives the reforms
that make them adhete to the empire without
force and from a sense of mutual advantage
embraced 111 a common power and glory. The
particular circumstance in that policy to which I
would point the eye,is one which has uniformly
characterized it: the transplantation of abetter in-
formed people, imbued with the traits they wished
to impress on the race they sought to subject to
their influence. The example I adduce, as appli-
cable to the scheme I would recommend, is m
Earl Grey's letter on Trinidad. Speaking of the
various transplantations made for the improve-
ment of Trinidad, he says:
u Steps have also been taken, within the last two 1 /cat?, for
proem in* immigrants of a fur moi e culuublc dcsti ipliou than
those fiom India. I refer to theft ee black an>1 colored inkub-
xhintsofthe United States. These people a> c rezurdt'd as an
incuiubi unco* and theii presence is considered a oust serious
evil in the States which they now inhabit, while thete can he
no doubt that many of them icoidJ he the best possible settlers
uko couhlbe introduced into Trimdud. Sppul, mxj ihe Enolhh,
with hahts of industry and of civilized life, and well adapted
by their constitution to the climate, there seems to be no rea-
son to doubt the succcss of black and colored uaiaizrantt from
the United Stales. Provided a proper selection is made of
the individuals to be brought, their int) oduction could not fail
to be of the highest value to the colony, not only fi om the act-
ual accession of its population, which would be thus obtained,
but from the example vohich they would afford to its present
inhabitants. Such an addition to the existing population of
Tnnulad would have a tendency to raise the u.hole comimi-
nily in the scale of cuilization; whereas, there is precisely
the opposite tendency withiespectto hnmigi ation from almost
any other quarter, and, this is no slight drawback to the ad-
vantage ti be obtained ft om it ;15 (that is, froiri the lnimigia-
tion from India.)
Now this element of stj-ongth and improvement
which English policy would allure to lis West
India possessions, I would allure to some conge-
nial region on our own continent, with a view to
their welfare, and to the extension of the influ-
ence and the commerce of their native countiy,
the United States. 1 propose for imitation the
example of the great pioneer nation in coloniza-
tion. It has exhibited the elastic power of pop-
ular representative self-government, by which it
has stretched Great Britain—though a mere sel-
vage of the continent of Europe, saved from the
grasp of its despots by a channel of the sea—
around the world; erecting an empire greater than
the Roman by the art of making and managing
dependencies. Conquest over barbarous tnbes
