1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24Q7
Seventeenth amendment:
Insert the following:
And the authority conferred upon the principal clerk of
public lauds, ot acting Commissioner ad interim., in the ab-
sence, &c . of the Commissioner, by the second section of
the act reorganizing the General Land Office, approved 4th
July. 1836, shall be, and the sfime herebv is, transferred to
the chief clerk of said General Land Office.
The SPEAKEIt. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of theUnion recommend aconcurrence
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the preservation of the collections of the exploring
and surveying expeditions of the Government, $4,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of theUnion recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in. 1
Nineteenth amendment:
Inseit the following:
For the transfer to, and new arrangement of those collec-
tions in, the Smithsonian Institution, @1,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
on the state of theUnion recom mend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the super-
intendent of the building occupied by the Sectetary and his
Department, from the 1st day of January, 1855, to the 30th
day of June, 1858, the allowance to be made to such super-
intendent, with his salaiy as clerk, not to excecd $2,000 per
annum, the sum of .$700.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
on the state oftheUnion recommend aconcurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Inseit the following:
Tor clerk hue, office rent, fuel, and lights at the several
diitnct land otfices of the land States and Territories, to
be apportioned m such manner a*, in the judgment of the
Spcretaiy of the Intenor, the public interest mav require,
$60,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
curre nee.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Stuke out the following:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Utah, and
the cleiks in his office, $6,000.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in Utah, fuel,
book--, stanoneiy, furniture, and other incidental experiaes,
$1,500.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of theWhole
on the state of theUnion recommend aconcurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Insett the following:
And the compensation of superintendent may be allowed
to the cicrk who has perlormed, or may hereafter per-
form, the duties of that officer; the allowance to be made
to such superintendent, with his salary as clerk, not to ex-
ceed #2,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment, with an amendment as
follow*: after the word "who," in the second
line of said amendment, strike out the words
" has performed, or."
The amendment to the amendment was con-
curred in.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
then concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Insert the following:
Foi defizmng the expenses incurred in taking the cen-
sus of the Tertitory of Minnesota, under the act approved
26th February, 1&Y7,$20,000: Provided, The compensation
to the officetaking the same shall nor exceedthut allowed
by the acts of 2yd Ma\, 1850, and 3')th August. 1850, to those
who took the census in Cahtornia, Oregon, Utah, and New
Mexico.
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of theUnion recommend aconcurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Insert the following.
For *ei vices of special counsel, and other extraordinary
expenses, m defending the title of the United Suites to pub-
lic property in California, $40,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk proceeded to read the next amend-
ment.
Mr. MORGAN. What became of the twenty-
fifth amendment?
The SPEAKER. It was concurred in.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wanted
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommended a concur-
rence in the amendment, and the House has al-
ready concurred in it.
Mr. MORGAN. The question was not under-
stood.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Alii, Arnold. Atkins, Bocock,
Bowie, Branch, Burnett, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B.
Clark,Clay, Clemens, Cockerill, Cox, Crawford, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana. Dimmick, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner,
Florence,Gartrell.Gilhs, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Groes-
beck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones,
Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, L;mdy, Letchoi, Maclay,McKib-
bin, McQueen, Miller, Millson, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton,
Peyton, John S. Phelps,Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Reagan,
Eeilly, Russell, Scales, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Shoiter,
Sickes, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Steven-
son, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Valiandigliam, VVatkms,
White, Winslow, Wortendyke, and Augustus It. Wright—
76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Bullinton, Builincame, Burioughs,
Case, ChalVee, Clawson, Cobb, Clark 13 Cochrane, Comms,
Cevode, Cragm, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Edie, Femon, Foley, Foster, Garnett,
Oilman, Gilmer. Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Grow, Il.nlan,
Hill, Horton, Geoige W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Letter, Lovejoy, Humphmy Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Mart-hall, Mason, Mavnard, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Eihvaid Joy Moms, I&aac N. Moiris Fieeman H.
Moi.se, Mott, Murray, Palmer, Parkei, Petnt, Pike, Potter,
1 Pottle, Ready, Riciud, Ritchie, Roblmis, Robeits Royce,
1 Ruffin, Henry M. Shaw, John Shetman, JmUon VV Sher-
man, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Tuppe, Under-
wood, Wade, Wal^ndae. Waldron, Walton, Gadwal.ulei C.
Washburn, Elhhu B Wa^hbume, Israel Washburn, Wood,
Woods-on, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—97.
So the House refused to Jay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The vote was then reconsidered, and the twen-
ty-fifth amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the employment of such number of clerks, not ex-
ceeding three, by the district attorney of the northern dis-
tnet of California, as mav be necessary to transcribe the
rccords of the district couit m land ca^es, upon which ap
peals have been, or may be,taken to the Supreme Court, such
film as may be necessary is hereby appropriated, provided
the compensation shall not exceed $150 a month, lor each.
The Committee ofthe Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Inseit the following:
For the reasonable expense5; of the late and present dis-
tiicfatU)tiK;>.-5 for the northern di^ti ict of California, for as-
sistance m their office, such sum i> to he paid out of the
judicial fund, if such expenses shall be approved by the At-
torney Goneial: Provided, That those expenses shall not
exceed $900 per month: jind provided further, That this
approptiation shall be applicable only to the piesent fiscal
year and the next succeeding fi-cal year, which will term-
inate on the 30th day of June, ler/J.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union lecornmended a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
In line nine bundled and thirty-seven strike outa^5,511,"
and insert u %7.9-20," so that the clause will read :
For the suppoit and maintenance of said penitentiary,
#i,9?0 25.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
For compensation of two additional guards, hereby au-
thorized, ^1,320.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth, and last amendment of the Senate:
Stnke^ut the following clause:
u No part of the amount appiopnated by anv act of Con-
gress for the seivice ot'any one fiscal year shall be used for
or applied to the service of any othei} eai, 1101 be tratisf'eired
to or u ed foi any bianch of expemlituie than that for whieh
it may be specifically appiopnated : Piovided, That nothing
herein contained snail apply to the appropuations ior the
present or nest fiscal year.'5
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Hereafter the estimates for the various Executive De-
partments shall designate not only the amount required to
be appropriated for the next fiscal year, but also the amount
ot the outstanding appropriation, if there be any, which will
probably be required to be used for each particular item of
expenditure.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a. non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. J". GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the several votes by which the House concurred
and non-concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 198) making appropriations for the
preservation and repairs of fortifications and other
works of defense, barracks, and quarters, for the
year ending 30th June, 1859, reported yesterday
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a recommendation that the enact-
ing clause be stricken out.
TheSPEAKER stated that the question was on
concurring in the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOWIE. I have an amendment to offer
to this bill.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
at the present time.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on striking out the enacting clause.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOWIE. Would an amendment be in
order to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not at the present stage of
proceedings.
Mr. BOWIE. Would an amendment be in
order if the House refuse to strike out the enact-
ing clause ?
The SPEAKER. It would depend upon what
the amendment was.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the amend-
ment made an appropriation, it would have to go
to Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to be considered'—would it not?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. QUITMAN. I wish very much to intro-
duce a proposition to recommit this bill to the
committee, with instructions to report specific
appropriations for the various works. I wish to
know if such a motion would be in order?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion is
pending to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. GtUITMA N. Suppose that motion should
be lost ?
The SPEAKER. The motion would then be
in order.
Mr STANTON. If the House should reject
the hill it would be in order for the Committee of
Ways and Means to report a bill containing
specific items of appropriation—would it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it
would.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Blan, Bliss,
Bowie, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burroughs, Case, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragm, James
Craig, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dodd, Dowdell, Ed'ic, Elliott, Fenton, Foster, Oilman,
Gooch, Gianger, Grow, Haiian, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard,
Howard, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Kilgore,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lanrty, Law-
rencc, Loiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Ma-
son, Miitteaon, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Moiris, Uaac N. Morns, Freeman II. Morse, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Palmer, Parker. Pettit, Phillips. Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvianee, lteagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Robbms, Rob-
erts, Royce, Sandidge, Scott, John Slieiman, Judson W.
Sherman, Shorter, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Trippe, Undenvood, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Wood-
son, and John V. Wright—S9.
NAYS —Messrs. Adiain, Anderson, Arnold, IJarksdale,
Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, IJoyce. Branch, Ilrayton, Bur-
nett, Burns, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, John
B. Clark, Ciav, Clemens, Cobb, Cockerill, Crawiord, Curry,
Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts. Dimmick,
Durfee, Edmundson, English. Farnsvvoith, faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gai nett, Gam ell. Gil! is, Gilmer, Goode, Gi een-
wood, Gre'wff Groesbeek, Lawience W. Hall, Thomas L.
Harris. Hatch, Ilorton, Houston, Hughes, Huyier, Jackson,
Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Maclay,Me-
Kibbin, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, MilKon, Moore,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelps, Powell. Quitman, Ready, Ruffin, Russell, Scales,
