M0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles,Singleton,
William Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Tompkins, Vallandigham, tsrael
Washburn, Wortendvke. and Augnstus Tt. Wright—87.
So the enacting clause was stricken out, and
the bill rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BONH AM stated that if he had been with-
in the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted in the affirmative.
: Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the enacting clause was stricken out;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON DOORKEEPER'S ACCOUNTS.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to submit a report
from the select committee appointed to inquire into
the conduct of the late Doorkeeper; and I move
that it be printed and made the special order for
Tuesday next.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 must object to its
being made the special order.
The SPEAKER. The committee were empow-
ered to report at any time, and it is the right of
the gentleman to make the report.
The report was accompanied with a bill to pro-
vide for the folding and distribution of documents
of the House of Representatives; which was read
a first and second time.
The report was also accompanied with the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved., That all extra copies hooka and documents
printed by order of the House of Repie^cntatives, and di-
vided equally among ihcmembeisof the House, are intend-
ed for gratuitous distribution to public libraries and among
the people, and are given to members respectively in tiust
for thai puipose; and that any otlier use or disposition of
the same is a violation of the trust afoiebaid, and an abuse
which meets the unqualified disapprobation of this Lloune.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 movcty> postpone the
subject until the first Tuesday in December next.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 want to know if this sub-
ject can take precedence of the Fort Snelltng re-
port, which has been set down for to-day?
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too
late, in the opinion of the Chair. The question
is first upon the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] to postpone until
the first Tuesday in December next.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, 1 think that ought
not to be done. Now, sir, when a man who is
or has been an officer of this House is arraigned
before the House on grave charges made against
him, it is due to him, and it is duo to the members
of the House, that the House should fix nneaiiy
day for his trial, m order that the charge may not
fester in the public mind. I think it is due to
the party charged and to ourselves that the mat-
ter should be taken up and disposed of during the
present session.
Mr, HUGHES. I would respectfully suggest
to the House that they can bettor understand the
merits of this matter jf they will allow it to be
postponed until the report has been printed. They
can then dispose of it as they sec proper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if the subject be postponed till Tuesday next,
it will then be competent for the House to post-
pone it until a further day, if it shall sec fit.
Mr. STANTON. Will that make it a special
order?
The SPEAKER. No further than it is now.
The authority given to the committee to report
at any time involves the necessity of disposing of
it. Hut it is within the control of the House to
postpone the further consideration of it until any
day they may see proper.
Mr. WALBItlDGE. Will it come up as a
special order on Tuesday?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that this
is a matter which will not be m the way of the
business of the House. I will, theiefore, with-
draw my motion to post pone until December next.
The motion to print and postpone until Tues-
day next was agreed to>
LOAN BIIX.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I appeal to the
House to allow me to submit two reports from
the Committee of Ways and Means. Unless they
are now received and referred, it is hardly pos-
ushlothat they will be acted on m time for the
adjournment.
There being no objection,
Mr, J, GLANCY JONES, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill to authorize
n loan, not exceeding the sum of #15,000,000;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OP COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a bill making an appropri-
tion for the expenses of collecting the revenues
from customs; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
FORT SWELLING INVESTIGATION.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be on the resolutions reported by the Fort Snel-
ling investigating committee, as follows:
Resolved, 1. That the sale of the military post at Fort
Sneiling and so much of the reservation attached to it as
waa necessary for military purposes, made on the 6th day
of June, 1857, under the authonty of the Secietary of War,
the same being then and now retained under the authority
ot that Depat tmeut because necessary for military put poses,
was without authority of law.
2. That the said sale was made by the Secretary of War
notwithstanding Ins knowledge of the official opinions of
bif> predecessor, the Hon. Jefferson Davis, and of other
officers in superior military command to the contrary, with-
out consulting with, without the advice, and without the
knowledge of "any ofheer m the service of any rank,, leaving
the question ot the retention of that post to the discretion
of the commissioners appointed to make the sale; and that
this action on the part of the Secretary ol War was a grave
ofhoial fault.
3. Thar with a knowledge of ihe great value of the Foit
Snellmg post and reservation, and the nnpoitance ot great
caution and judgment in making the sale, the Seeretaiy of
War appointed as agent"? for the purpose, unqualified, mex-
penenced, and incompetent men.
4. That provision lor and management of the sale were ;
ho negligently, caielessly, and injudiciously made, as to in-
duce a <sneeessful combination against the Government, ex-
clude all competition, and bring a loss on the Governmeut,
5. That John C. Mather, agent of the Department of
War lor the examination and sale of the Fort Ripley reser-
vation, after having already joined a combination for the
put chase ot the FottSnelhng reservation, acted, m making
Kuch putelidbt;, in violation ol his official duty, and against
the known policy of the Government, and that, as to him
and Ktelmid Schell, icpresented by him as agent, and Steele ;
and Graham, who were complicated in the s.'le with hun, :
with a lull knowledge of this- official character, the tale of
the Fort Snelhng leservation was at the time and is now
void.
Mr. MORRILL took the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 ask the gentleman
from Vermont to yield to mc for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the con-
sideration of the report of the select committee
in reference to the sale of Fort Snellinff be post-
poned until the second Tuesday in ^December
next. 1 make that motion on my own responsi-
bility, without consultation with any human be-
ing;-, and 1 do it for the simple reason that we ar'e
now within eight woiking days of the close of
the session,and that it will take two days lo dis-
pose of this question. It is absolutely necessary
that the practical business of this Congress shall
be closed before the time fixed for the adjourn-
ment. If this question is taken up and debated,
as it necessarily will be debated, it will require
two or three days to get through with it. 1 be-
lieve that it can be postponed without doing any
injustice to the country, and I make the motion
to postpone in good faith.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, so far as I am
concerned personally, I would prefer to go on
now. I do not desire to interrupt more important
business, but if the other side desire a longer time
to examine the testimony, and it shall be the sense
of the House to postpone this matter to a day cer-
tain in next week, I will make no objection. I
prefer that it should not go over until next session.
If the gentleman will modify his motion to make
it a special order for Tuesday next, I shall have
no objection. By that time we will get through
with all of our appropriation bills, and, I liopo,
have time to consider it.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman decline
to yield the floor to the gentleman from Indiana
to submit the motion he has indicated?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I trust that the gen-
tleman will allow my motion to he put. to the
House, that its sense may be taken on it?
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will allow the motion to
be made; and will move, as an amendment, that
i the matter be postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Jf it is to be eonsid-
! credataH during this session, 1 say 1st it be taken
1 up to-day.
Mr. MORRILL. I will allow the motion to be
put, and the sense of the House taken on it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to say that in my
present condition of health it may be desirable
that this discussion should not proceed now. Yet
I believe that justice to the Secretary of War de-
mands that this House should*act on this ques-
tion; and, sir, for one, I am unwilling that there
shall be one moment's further delay about it. We
are ready to meet the accusation in all its forms,
and to have it disposed of by the judgment of this
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from In-
diana. .
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It seems to me a
little surprising that, when this House has directed
an investigation to be made of the conduct of one
of the Cabinet officers of this Government, and
the committee of the House has reported a reso-
lution of censure—when you have arraigned the
Secretary of War—when you have preferred your
bill of indictment against him, there should be an
effort to postpone its further consideration. I think
that it is our duty to investigate the matter, and to
make up our judgment on the resolutions reported
in this case, and either to relieve the Secretary of
War from having done anything wrong or ex-
ceeded his authority, or to censure him. By agree-
ing to the motion pending, you leave him with the
charge preferred against him, hanging over him
until the next session. It seems to me to he an
unprecedented procedure. Gentlemen say we have
not time to attend to it. Why, we are salaried
officers; and why should we not sit here and dis-
charge the public-business which devolves upon
us ? I am as anxious to leave this city, and return
to my family, and to mingle with the people of
my district, as any member of this House; but I
am willing to remain here, and extend the ses-
sion, if it is necessary, in order to transact the
public business before us. Here is a proposition
to postpone the consideration of this question un-
til the next session of Congress. 1 ask whether
the members of this House will be any better pre-
pared then than they are now to act upon it? I
ask if they will be any better prepared to discuss
this question, if we are to have a discussion, than
they are at this moment? Then, I appeal to mem-
bers of the House to vote down the proposition to
postpone, and let us proceed to the consideration
of this matter.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 26, nays 167; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bingham, Brayton, Burroughs,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Davisof Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Fuiiiswoith, Groetbuck, Harlan, Morton, Howard, Kelsey,
Humplncy Marshall, Oliver A. Morse, Motr, Nichols, Pot-
tle, Uicaud, Sewaid, Aaron Shaw, William Stewart, Un-
deiwood, Wade, Walbudge, and VV'aldron—
NAYS—Messrs. Adrum, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bingham, Bishop, Blair,
Bliss, Bocock, Boniiam, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Bufhnton,
Bnrlmgame, Burnett, Case, Ca>ki«, Cavanaugh, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B.
Coclnane, John Coehiane, Colfax, Cotunis, Corning, Co-
voile, Cox, Cragm, James Ciaig, Ciawford, Cuny, Curtis,
Davidson, Davi* of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dimmiek,
Dodd, Dm fee, Edie, Rdinund on, Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gainett, Gartiell,
Gilli*, Oilman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goode, Granger, Gieen-
wood, Gregg, Grow, JLawreiice W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Hushes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, George W, Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel,
John O. Kunkel, Lamar, Landv, Leuer, Letcher,Lovejoy,
Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard,
Miles, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Fid waul Joy Mor-
ns, I&aac N. Morris, Murray, Niblack, Palmer, Parkei, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purviance, Quitman, lteady,
Reagan, Reilly, Ritchie, Bobbins, Robeus, Itojce, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Seating, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sheiman, Shoiter, Sickles, Single-
ton, Robert Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth,
Stanton, Stcvem^on, James A Stewart, Talbot, Tappan,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Tnppe, Yallandighain, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Eililm B. Wa-«hbuine, Isiael Washbmn, Watkins,
White, Wood. Wood>on,Woi rendyke, Augustus R. Wnght,
John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—167.
So the House refused to postpone the subject
till December next.
Pending the vote,
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi, had paired off.
After the announcement of the vote, as above
recorded —
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me for a moment. I under-
