1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He will, however, hoar any suggestion the gentle-
man imtv have to make if no objection be made.
Mr. STANTON. I only propose to state my
point of order. This committee is now maturing
matters for the considerat ion of the starulmg com-
mittees of the House. It is proposing subjects
for reference growing out of the President 's an-
nual message. Now I submit to the Chair and
to the committee, that the Central American ques-
tion and the capture of Walker are so connected
with that message as to make it a proper and le-
gitimate subject of reference to one of the standing1
committees of the House. I regard it certainly as
germane to the amendment of the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] which
has been decided to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the gentleman from Ohio, that this
committee has no right to carve out business for
the standing committees of the House. It can act
upon no other subjects except such as have been
referred to it by the House; that is, in this case,
such as are embiaced in the annual message of the
President of the United States. The Chair rec-
ollects nothing in the President's message about
the capture of Walker and his men, or the con-
duct of Commodore Pauldmg, and therefore he
holds that the amendment is out of order. The
question is upon the appeal of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon my appeal;
and in this connection I desire to call the attention
of the Chair and of the committee to the fact that
the President in his annual message refers espe-
cially to our relations with Central America, and
to this expedition of Walker.
Mr. SMITH, of Vngmia. That was the spe-
cial message.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; the annual mes-
sage. It refers directly to this expedition, and I
submit that there is so much connection between
the message and the capture of Walker as to make
my amendment propuriy and legitimately m older.
Mr. SMITH, ot Virginia. I should like to
have that portion of the annual message read.
Mr. W1NSLOW. This question of order is
not debatable, and I object to any further discus-
sion.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Chaiv
spoke of the message only from recollection. He
docs not remember any reference directly to
Walker or Paulding.
Mr. LETCHER. Walker had not been cap-
tured then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope that portion
of the message will be read.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. Unless it is strictly in
order, i object to any reading.
Mr. STANTON. I will read it myself. It only
occupies two or three lines, and is as follows:
(i Notwithstanding th<se precautions; the expedition has
escaped Irotn our ^liore^. riucti enterpiises can do i,o pos-
sible good to thecountiy, but have alicady unlieted much
injury both on it3 interests and its character. They jmve
prevented peaceful emigration fiom the United States to the
States of Central Ameitca, which could not fail to prove
highly beneficial to <ill the parties concerned. Ill a peeu
ruaiy point ot view alone, our citizens iiavu Mourned heavy
losse  liotn the scizuic and eIo>ing of the transit route by
the Pail Juan between the two oceans.
14 The leader of the recent expedition wai arrested at
New Orleans, but was dtsch.u 'red on giving bail 101 his ap
pearance in the insufficient s um of $-2,000."'
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to all further debate
upon this question of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of reconsidering the
resolution closingdebate upon the message. Gen-
tlemen have not talked enough upon it, I want
to make a speech myself. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 33, noes
108.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the appeal from
the decision of the Chair be laid upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempone. It is not in
order to move to lay upon the table in committee.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Cox and Bil-
linghuust were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellersrepoi ted
—ayes one hundred and eleven; noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Maynard, to insert, after the words " bankrupt
law,'*the words "be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary," and to sfiike out all after the
woid " outrages," mid insoitin lieu thereof, ihe
words " be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs;"so that the resolution would read:
Resolved. Tint so much of said m^age and accompany
ing document- as relates to a um.orm bankiupt law, be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; aud that so much
of the Pie&ident's annual message as teJnte* to the dimes
of an independent State in its relations vvifh the members
of the greatfamilv of nanons, to icstiain unpeople fiom acts
of hostile aggiession a^ain^t Their citizens or subject-?; and
so much as relates to the present neutrality law of the 20th
of Apnl, 1818; to the fitting out withui the limit? of our
countiy of lawless expeditions against some of the Centra!
Amencan States ; to the instructions issued to the maisbals
and distiiet attorneys, and to the appropriate Army and
Navy officers, together with the President's recommenda
tion that we should adopt such mea-ures a« will be effect-
ive in rcf-tramunj our citizen* fiom committing s-uch out-
lages, be leierred to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
Mr. LEITER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding the following:
And that said committee icpoit whether said General
William Walker was induced to enter upon his filibustering
expedition by the •< Osteud manifesto" and the letters of the
Seeietaiy of State to the fiilibu«>ter meetings m New Yoik
city and elsewhere.
[Much laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the point that the
amendment is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order, and rules the amendment
out of order.
Mr. LEITER. I presume I must submit, as
there is a large majority against me, although I
believe the amendment is germane.
Mr. LETCHER. It is well to submit when a
large majority is against the gentleman.
Mr. Maynard's amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the original resolution
as modified.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to strike out these
words:
And also ar^ hereby required tomqinrc into and icport
upon the expediency ol a ivp<:al or modiO 'anon of said act
ot 20th Apul, 181b, with power to icpoit by bill or other-
wise.*'
Mr. Chairman, ( offer that amendment in good
faith. I shall not undertake, in the few minutes
allotted to me under the rules of the House, to
aigue the main question. If I rightly understand
these resolutions, they propose the usual course
of reference of such subjects as are embraced in
the President's message. Under the rules of the
House, I believe that a committee cannot origin-
ate business of itself, and it is, therefore, the cus-
tom to instruct them by refening to the appro-
priate committees the subjects embraced in the
President's message. While I do not object to
theinquny contained in the words I propose to
sti ike out, I do object to its incumbering Lhe usual
reieienee. I object to it at tins time, particularly,
because it may be construed into an expression by
this House or' some dissatisfaction with that with
which a large majority of the House is satisfied.
If the matter is referred in the usual way, if the
subjects mentioned in that resolution are referred
to the Committee on the Judicial y, without in-
structions, that committee will report according
to the line of their prescribed duty.
But if, under these circumstances, if in the face
of what has just occuired, and more particularly
m thefacc ofwhathas been said here, many gen-
tleman m this committee having justified the con-
duct of one wiio, at any rate, was a fugitive from
the justice of his country, if we at this time add
to the resolution the instructions that the com-
mittee shall mquiic into the expediency of repeal-
ing the act of 1813, we give to tins country the
voice of this House, t hat those circumstances have
been such as to make that act of doubtful pro-
priety.
Mr. Chairman, I will not discuss that act here;
but I may say that I think that many gentlemen
have erred m the views they have taken of it.
The act, m itself, enforces no new doctrine. The
act is, so to speak, a neutrality act; the act is an
act to punish offenses which were recognized as
offenses before that act was passed, but which,
as tiie courts of the United Status have not com-
mon-law jurisdiction, could not be punished with-
out the intervention of that statute. Those of-
fenses were actually prohibited by the law of
nations; for that which could not be done is pro-
hibited, and that act was passed mainly for the
purpose of conferring jurisdiction. That juris-
diction the courts of the United States could not,
before its passage, exercise. I construe that act,
so far from declaring any new law, so far from
establishing any new laws of neutrality, simply
: as recognizing existing laws, and as declaring that
any infractions of them shall be punished.
And I may say here to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Quitman,] who originated this
matter, that the success of his motion, either to
repeal the act or to modify and change it—because
to modify and change is, after all, but another
word for " repeal"—he will present to the civil-
ized world the spectacle of our country recog-
nizing as a wrong the fitting out of an expedition
within its borders against a foreign territory, and
at the same time declaring that it is unwilling to
punish the perpetrators of that wrong.
It is for these reasons that I am desirous that
that portion of the message shall be referred in
the usual way.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, the position of
the member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips]
is founded upon the assumption that the reference
of a matter to a committee is an approval of it by
the House. The assumption is utterly unfounded;
for every day matters are thus refeired, without
the slightest appro vul orcommittal on the part of
the House.
In my judgment, sir, the whole body of the
neutrality laws should be referred to a committee
for examination, for great doubt exists in the
mind of the country as to their scope and con-
struction. Men of high legal attainments in this
House differ in their construction of the provis-
ions of the neutrality Jaws, and the extent to
which they clothe the President with power to
use the land and naval forces of the Union in the
I puisuit and capture of expeditions from our
shores, which expeditions are fitted out in viola-
tion of our laws. The penalties and prohibitions
contained in the neutrality laws are severe and
numerous, and there should be as little doubt as
the terms of the language will allow, in the pro-
vision of all penal statutes. In the House and in
the Senate, men of high le<ral attainments and
extensive judicial practice differ upon vital points
in these laws; and it is due to ourselves and to
the country that this difference should be re-
moved, and all doubts be cleared up.
We all agree as to the good faith and loyalty-
involved in the discharge of ourinternational obli-
gations; but it is not clear how far Congress has
clothed the Executive with authority in pursuance
of international or statutory law. The President
himself has asked for new powers, and has pro-
nounced the act of Commodore Paulding, in the
arrest of Walker, a " grave error." Justice to our-
selves, justice to the country, justice to the con-
stituted authorities, require that the whole corpus
of the neutrality laws should be submitted to a
thorough investigation, and should receive such
modification or amendment as may be necessary
to a clear comprehension of their provisions. 1 n
this way we will relieve our citizens from the diffi-
culties of disputed construction, and save our Gov-
ernment from the invasions against each other of
the several coordinate departments into which it
has been partitioned.
I I wish the power of the Executive to use the
| Army and Navy to be defined. I do not wish to
| stretch his authority either through cloudy pro-
| visions of statutory enactment, or the elastic, I
; may say indefinite, expansibility of international
i law. Sir, it is dangerous to regard the executive
i department of the Government as invested with
| inherent power to execute international obliga-
! tions or carry out the principles of public law.
j Sir, the whole code of international law is founded
i upon dynastic interests, and is but the public
regime of monarchies. How many provisions
have we established m it, and by which of its pro-
visions aie the lights of a Republicsheltered and
protected ? Sir, this code is elastic for monarchies,
but cramped for republics. As it is not the off-
spring of such institutions as ours, we should be
careful not to extend Executive authority through
blind conformity to its indefinite stipulations. .
The amendment of Mr. Phillips was then
acreed to—ayes 92, noes 67.
"Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Add at the close of the resolution the following words:
"And who are hereby instructed to leport on the expedi-
ency of making the neutrality laws more rigorous."
It is not my intention, Mr. Chairman, and if it
was, I could not carry it out to the necessary ex-
