348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
if the bill had passed, it was not complied with.
It expressly provides that the constitution shall
not take effect until it has been ratified by the peo-
ple. These delegates have not.been elected, as
the Lecompton delegates were, with authority to
form a constitution themselves. They were elected
With authority to propose one.to the people; and
the law requires that it shall be submitted to the
people, ana be voted on by the people. But, sir,
to whom has it been submitted ? To the people ?
Not at all. It is submitted to the negroes of the
Territory.
.1.admit thatan'y State of thisUnion can author-
, ize negro suffrage. If the constitution of Kansas
had been once legally established, and she had
become a State, indubitably her people, by an
amendment of the constitution, or in any other
proper form, might enfranchise the negro, the
woman, the alien, or even the idiot. Once admit-
ted, once elevated,to the dignity of a sovereign,
any State has the right to define its elective fran-
chise; but it cannot make citizens of the United
States. That was the distinction recognized in
the Dred Scott case.
Mr. WILSON. "Will the Senator allow me a
word ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
,Mr. WILSON". The Senator from Ohio is al-
together mistaken in regard to this matter. The
Leavenworth constitution in this respect, is ex-
actly like the Lecompton constitution, word for
word, and comma for comma.
Mr. PUGH. Except the word "white/' in
the schedule of the Lecompton constitution.
Mr. WILSON. The word "white" is not
there. It is a precise and exact copy of the Le-
compton constitution in this respect—nothing
more, nothing else.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator from Massa-
chusetts mean to say that under this new consti-
tution negro suffrage is not to be admitted?
Mr. WILSON. I mean to say that so far as
negroes are concerned, the Lecompton and Leav-
enworth constitutions are, word for word, comma
for comma, precisely, exactly alike, Leavenworth
being a copy of Lecompton.
Mr. PUGH. I wiH show that the Senator is
incorrect in that, but I propose to show it after a
while. Whatever the language of one particular
clause, the other clauses of the Lecompton con-
stitution exclude slaves and free negroes—exclude
free negroes from the State; but the Leavenworth
constitution, as I shall show, mokes provision for
them to become voters. I wish, however, to dis-
pose of the other question first. I admit that a
State once formed and crected into a sovereignty
may enfranchise the negro; it is a question to be
decided by each State for itself. I am no enemy
of the negro. I would not abuse him. I have
always voted for what I thought would benefit
him. I voted to repeal the black laws of Ohio, and
have always been proud of the vote. I would not
oppress the negro; but I neverintend that he shall
be elevated to the rank of citizenship, or enjoy
the right of suffrage; and the people of Ohio en-
tertain the same sentiments.
But, sir, when you come to gather citizens of
various States into aTerritory,and to form a polit-
ical organization lor the first time, the negro finds
no place of entrance. I said that was decided in
the Dred Scott case; and here is the language:
" The words {people of the United States' and 'citizens'
are synonymous terms, and moan the same thing. They
both describe the political body who, accoiding to our re-
publican institutions, form the sovereignty, and who hold
the power and conduct the Government through then rep-
resentative!}. They are what we familiarly call ihe ' sov-
ereign people,' and every citizen is one of this people, and
a constituent member of this sovereignly. The question
before us is, whether the class of persons described in the
plea in abatement compose a portion of this people, and are
constituent members of this ^oveteignty? We think they
are not, and that they are not included, and were not in-
tended to be included, under the word 'citizens' in the
Constitution, and can therefore claim none of the rights and
privileges which that msuumcm provides for and secures
to citizens of the United States. On the contrary, they were
at that time considered as a subordiate and inferior class
of beings, who had been subjugated by the dominant race,
and, whether emancipated or not, yet remained subject to
their authority, and had no rights or privileges but such as
those who held thepower and the Government might choose
to grant them.
" It Is not the province of this court to decide upon the
justice or injustice,4 the policy or impolicy, of these laws.
The decision ot that question belonged to the political or
, law-making power j to those who formed the sovereignty
and framed the Constitution. The duty of the court is, to
interpret the instrument they have framed, with the best
lights we can obtain on the subject, and to administer it as
we find it, according to its true intent and meaning, when
it was adopted.
" In discussing this question, we must not confound the
rights of citizenship which a State may confer within its
own limits and the rights of citizenship as a member of the
Union. It does not by any means follow, because he has
all the rights and privileges of a citizen of a State, that he
must be a citizen of the United States. He may have all
of the rights and privileges of the citizen of a State, and yet
not be entitled to the rights and privileges of a citizen in any
other State. For, previous to the adoption of the Consti-
tution of the United States, every State had the undoubted
right to confer on whomsoever it pleased the character of
citizen, and to endow him with ail its rights. But this char-
acter of course was confined to the boundaries of the State,
and gave him no rights or privileges in other States beyond
those secured to him by the laws of nations and the comity
of States. Nor have the several States suirendered the
power of conferring these rights and privileges by adopting
the Constitution of the United States. Each'State may sttll
confer them upon an alien, or any one it thinks proper, or
upon any class or description of persons; yet he would not
be a citizen in the sense in which that word is used in the
Constitution of the United States, nor entitled to sue as such
in one of its courts, nor to the privileges and immunities of
a citizen in the other States. The rights which he would
acquire would be restricted to the State which gave them.
The Constitution has conferred on Congress the right to
establish a uniform rule of natmalization, and this right is
evidently exclusive, and has always been held by this court
to be so. Consequently no State'.since the adoption of the
Constitution, can by naturalizing an alien invest him with
the rights and privileges secured to a citizen of a State under
the Federal Government.although, so far as the State alone
was concerned, he would undoubtedly be entitled to the
rights of a citizen, and clothed with all the rights and im-
munities which the constitution and laws of the State at-
tached to that character.
" It is very clear, therefore, thatno State can, by any act
or law of its own, passed since the adoption of the Consti-
tution, introduce a new member into the political commu-
nity created by the Constitution of the United States. It
cannot make him a member of this community by making
him a member of its own. And for the same reason it can-
not introduce any person, or description of persons, who
were not intended to be embraced in this new political fam-
ily, which the Constitution brought into existence, but were
intended to be excluded from it."
The court acknowledges that any State may
authorize a negro to vote; but he cannot be made
a voter otherwise, nor do his rights of citizenship
and suffrage extend beyond the limits of that
State.
The Senator from Massachusetts contradicted
me in regard to the Leavenworth constitution. I
say the constitution formed atLeavenworth is not
submitted to the people. It is submitted to the
ordeal of negro votes. It is not even required that
the negroes shall be free; they may be slaves. It
submits to the slave whether he will emancipate
himself by his own vote,t>y adopting the consti-
tution ; and to the free negro the question whether
he will raise himself to the rank of citizenship;
«ind all this contrary to the-good old rule that no
man shall be allowed to vote in his own case.
Thus the white men of Kansas arc to have a gov-
ernment made for them, not through popular sov-
ereignty, but through negro sovereignty. That
is the last invention.
Now, did I tell the truth about this Leaven-
worth constitution? I do not see the Senator from
Massachusetts in his seat any longer. If lie were
here, I should like to inquire of him as to the au-
thenticity of this document. I find it in what is
called " The Ctuindaro Chindowan." Who can
tell me what sort of a paper that is?
Mr. WILSON. It is a free-State paper in the
Territory of Kansas.
Mr. PUGH. The editor appears to have been
one of the delegates at Leavenworth, and chair-
man of the committee which drafted the address
of the convention. That address is here, but I
shall not read it. Let us see how the constitution
is to be ratified. The second section of the sched-
ule provides:
" Sec. 2. This constitution shall be submitted to a vote
of the people for approval or rejection, on the third Tues-
day ot May, 1858. The vote shall be by ballot; and those
in favor of the constitution shall write or print upon their
ballots the words: i For the constitution;' and those op-
posed to the constitution, shall write or print upon their
ballots the words: * Against the constitution.'99
You observe there is no definition of the right
of suffrage here. But, in the first section of article
second, on the elective franchise, they provide:
u Sec. 1. In all elections not otherwise provided for by
the constitution, every inale citizen of the United States, of
the age of twenty-one years or upwaids, who shall have re-
sided in the State six months next preceding said election,
and ten days in the precinct in which he may offer to vote,
and every male person of foreign birth, of the age of twenty- ,
one years or upwaids, and who shall have resided in the i
United States one year, in this State six months, and m the
precinct in which he may offer to vote ten days next pre-
ceding such election, and who shall have declared his in-
tention to become a citizen of the United States? conform-
ably to the laws of tl\e United States, ten days preceding
such election, shall be deemed a qualified elector."
Here are negro suffrage and alien suffrage to-
gether.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me that provis-
ion excludes negro suffrage.
Mr. PUGH. Wherein?
Mr. HARLAN. Under the Dred Scott decision
negroes are decided not to be citizens of the Uni-
ted States. As I understand this provision in the
Leavenworth constitution, it is that all male cit-
izens of the United States over the age of twenty-
one years may vote. Then, if negroes are not
citizens of the United States they are not enfran-
chised by this provision.
Mr. PUGH. I agree with the Senator that ne-
groes are not citizens of the United States; but
the question is, whether it was intended that they
should vote for or against this constitution; and to
determine that it is necessary to inquire whether
the convention recognized or overruled the Dred
Scott decision. I say the Leavenworth conven-
tion determined to overrule it. I find under the
editorial head of this paper 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allowme?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg leave to read from the
Lecompton constitution precisely the same words:
" Every male citizen of the United States above the age
of twenty-one years, having resided in this State one year,
and in the county, city, or town, in which he may offer to
vote, three months, next preceding any election, shall have
the qualifications of an elector, and be entitled to vote at
all elections."
Mr. PUGH. Where does the Senatorfind that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the Lecompton consti-
tution.
Mr. PUGH. What article and section ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In section one of article
eight, the title of which is, " elections and right
of suffrage."
Mr. PUGH. That is the definition of suffrage
after Kansas shall have been admitted into the
Union.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You read from the same
provision in the Leavenworth constitution.
Mr. PUGH. The distinction is obvious. The
schedule of the Lecompton constitution only al-
lows " white male inhabitants" to vote upon its
adoption or rejection. The Leavenworth consti-
tution refers to itself (article second, section first)
for the qalification of voters at the election by
which it is to be ratified or rejected. Besides, as
I have said, the Lecompton constitution excludes
free negroes from the State.
But, sir, I ask, in what form was the Leaven-
worth constitution intended to be ratified ? Did
the convention mean, in point of fact, to allow
negro suffrage at the election for or against the
constitution ? My allegation is, that, knowing
themselves to be a minority; knowing that most
of the free-State men in Kansas abhorred them as
much as the pro-slavery men, these Leavenworth
delegates invented a scheme to secure the adop-
tion of their pretended constitution by the aid of
ballot-boxes stuffed with negro votes.
It must be observed that the Legislature and
State officers are to be chosen at the same elec-
tion with the vote upon the constitution. I can
see no difference in principle between this scheme
and the alleged attempt of certain people in Mis-
souri to impose a constitution and State officers
upon Kansas. I confess, for one, as a matter of
personal taste, I would rather have a constitution
imposed on me by white men, than by negroes,
as the Leavenworth scheme proposes. The last
section of the schedule provides:
"Sec. 12. The first General Assembly shall provide bylaw
for the submission of the question of universal suffrage"—
that is, negro suffrage—
—" to avote of the people at the first general election of the
members of the General Assembly: Provided, That the
qualifications of voters at that election shall be the same aa
at the vote on the submission of the constitution."
The delegates have not even obeyed their own
pretended convention act; they have not remitted
their constitution to the people; and after all that
has been alleged here and elsewhere, on the sub-
ject of votes from Missouri, given under the Le-
compton constitution, the very worst does not
