100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
tent, to enter into an argument on this question.
There is no argument to be submitted. The po-
sition of this country is as plain and. visible as is
the atmosphere about us when the sun rises. The
duties that devolve on us arc acknowledged. It
requires, sir, no argument to explain our national
position. It is a position whicli is regulated and
governed by international laws. It is a position
which has never been disturbed by argument or
judicial decision; and no argument that has been
submitted in the course of this debate has in the
slightest degree disturbed the national position of
this country toward its sister nations, or the ob-
ligations of the citizens of this country toward
their own Government. The neutrality laws are
but an announcement on the part of the sover-
eignty of this country as to what are the duties
and the obligations devolving upon our citizens
in regard to the position which this country holds
towards the nations at large.
If these laws have been violated, and if there
is no power in our Government to punish the of-
fenders, it follows distinctly that the laws are
feeble; that they are weak; and that strength and
vigor should be applied to them, instead of a
modification that might render them more feeble
and more weak, ltisnotforus,as representatives
of the people of this country, to stand here hag-
gling about principles and positions which control
or modify our position in the family of nations.
Let us maintain the ground on which we are
placed by international law. Let us fulfill our ob-
ligations; and if there is no power in the execu-
tive arm to enforce the obligations of our citizens,
why let us perform our duty and strengthen that
arm. Therefore it is that I offer my amendment
with the view of strengthening the Executive arm
and making the laws more rigorous.
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Chairman, this remaik-
able fact must stuke the mind of the members of
this committee, that gentlemen who profess to
understand so well the neutrality laws, as they
are called, (although the act is an act for the
punishment of crimes against the United States,)
arc still unwilling to give the subject a thorough
investigation, section by section, and clause by
clause. They speak of laws to carry out the neu-
tral relations of this country. The honorable
gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Stephens] and my-
self entirely concur in the duly and the necessity
of carrying out the neutrality obligations of this
country. But what are they? Let me say that
learned gentlemen and great statesmen have
thought differently from the gentleman from New
York, [Mr John Cocjirvmi:.] Let us hear what
was said by the great statesman of Kentucky,
who descended from the chair and took part m
the argument, when the act of 1818 was passed.
He was a man not in the habit of uttering senti-
ments which he*did not believe. He had watched
the whole course of legislation on the subject of
American rights: and what did he say? I read
from the history of Congress, published by Gales
& Seaton:
"Mr. Clay offered some general remarks on the offensive
nature of tins bill''—
This very act of April 20, 1818.
—"which, he s^id, instead of an act to enforce neutrality,
ought to lie entitled an act lor the benefit of Ins Majesty the
King of fcSpam."
That was the language of Mr. Clay; and the
gentleman from New Y"ork, who offers this amend-
ment, to render the neutrality laws more stringent,
will see how far he differs from Mr. Clay, who
called the act of 1818 an offensive act.
In the same debate, of the ltith of March, Mr.
Clay is reported to have said;
" In the threshold of this discussion, he confessed he did
not like much the ongmol that act. Theic had been >.om«
diaclOMi!<.5—-not in un offinul foun, but in Mich s-hapo as to
entitle them to credence—that showed that act to have been
the result of a/etfiin.? on the pait of fomgn agents in this
countiy, which ho icgrettcd 10 have seen. Bui from what-
ever source it spuing, if it was an aetnecessaiyto preserve
the neutral relation.- of the countiy, it ought to be retained ;
but this he denied." " * * * *
" In its provisions it went beyond the obligations of the
United State* to other poweK-. and that part of it was un-
precedented in any nation winch compelled citizen* of the
United States to give bonds not to commit acts without the
jurisdiction of the United States, winch it is tho business
of foreign nations, and not of tins Government, to guard
against."
Again, on the same day, this bill being still
under consideration, Mr. Clay, alluding to the
Spanish Minister, said:
"He (Mr. Clay) would not treat with disrespect even
the minister of Ferdinand, whose cause this bill was in-
tended to benefit; he i& a faithful minister; if, not satisfied
with making representations to the Foreign Depaitment. he
also attendsthe proceedings of the Supieme Court, to watch
its decisions; he affords bat so many pioofs of the fidelity
for which the representatives of Spam have always been
distinguished. And how mortifvingis it, sir, to hear of the
honorary rewards and titles, and so forth, gianted for the^e
services; for, if I am not mistaken, our act of 1817 produced
the bestowal of some honor on this faithful representative
of his Majesty; and, if this bill passes, which is now before
us, 1 have no doubt he will receive some new honor lor his
further success.
Now, sir, that act was not induced by a sense
of our duty to other countries, but it was the re-
sult of the teasing cry, sir, of an influence which
surrounds almost every Administration—the in-
fluence of stars and garters and crowned heads—
an influence which is inconsistent with the true
interests of this country; an influence which is
hostile to true Americanism, and hostile to the
spirit of American liberty. These were the in-
fluences which Mr. Clay says brought about the
passage of the act of 1818.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will read the closing paragraph
of Mr. Clay's speech on the occasion to which
he refers. He says:
" r.et us put all these statutes out of our way, except that
of 1794. When was that passed? At a moment when the
eiitluiMaPin of hheity lan thiough the country with electric
rapidity; when the whole oouittiy en masse was ready to
lend a hand and aid the French nation in their struggle.
General Washington, levered name, the Father of his coun-
try, could hatdly arrest this inclination. Yet, under such
circumstances, the act of 1791 was found abundantly futfi-
cient. There was, then, no matuitous assumption of neu-
tial debts. For twenty years that act has been found sufli-
cient. ISut some keen-sighted, sagacious foreign minuter
finds out that it is not sufficient, and the act of 1^17 is
passed. That act we find condemned by the umveisai sen-
timent of the country ; and I hope it will receive further
condemnation by the vote of the House this day."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " more rigorous."
I maintain that the neutrality laws of the country
are now sufficiently stringent, if they are properly
and in good faith enforced. I thank the gentle-
man from youth Carolina [Mr. Keitt] for call-
ing the attention of the House to the fact that the
President of the United States disagrees with a
majority of this Congress in regard to this move-
ment of General Walker in Nicaragua, and in re-
gard to his ai iest by C mn mod oi e Paulding. The
President says, in the message sent in to the Sen-
ate a few days ago, thatCommodore Paulding has
" committed a grave error" in arresting General
Walker upon the shores of Nicaragua. He says
that he violated the law in that anost.
Sir, 1 congratulate the country that in the only
two cases in which the President stands pledged
before the nation to aid and abet slavery propa-
gandtsm, which has controlled the country for
the last twenty years, he has received the emphatic
condemnation of the country and of this House.
He has undertaken to enforce upon the people of
Kansas a slavery constitution contrary to their
will, and ift that he has received the emphatic con-
demnation of Congress. lie has undertaken, by
trickery, by collusion, by complicity with the fili-
buster movement of Walker in Central America,
to aid and abet that movement, and in that he has
received the most emphatic condemnation of the
country. He says, contrary to the sentiment of
this country, and contrary to the sentiment of a
majority of both Houses of Congiess, that Com-
modore Paulding committed a grave error, and
was guilty of a violation of law in the arrest of
Walker and his men. In that, too, he has not
been supported by the country; and he is not sup-
ported by the prominent men* of his own party in
this House.
Theargumentswhich have been adduced in this
House by prominent men belonging to the party
of the President, upon the legal question of the
right and propriety of the action of Commodore
Paulding, are, to my mind, conclusive and unan-
swerable, especially the legal argument of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giioesbeck,] and
also that of my colleague from New York, [Mr.
Sickles.] It seems to be conceded on all sides
here thatCommodore Paulding has done no more
than his duty, that he has not been guilty of a
violation of the laws of his country, and much
less the law of nations, when he has arrested this
man, who is charged by the President with com-
mitting roboery and murder, and every outrage,
and brought him here to be tried by the courts of
the country. And it is conceded that he has done
it in the only practicable way that it could be done.
He, and his brother officers in the fleet under his
command, when they applied to the Secretary of
the Navy for more specific instructions* to ascer-
tain what was the intention of the Government
in respect to the arrest of Walker and his men,
received vague and unsatisfactory instructions in
reply. He was left, therefore, to execute the law
in accordance with his own understanding of its
provisions; and, like a brave and noble man, ready
to take the responsibility, and to use the force
( under his command to accomplish the purpose for
I which he was sent, Commodore Paulding went
there, and, in the only practicable way in which
he could obey his instructions, and stop the expe-
dition, he arrested these men, and brought them
home, to be tried by the laws of his country.
The only error Commodore Paulding commit-
ted was, that he did not bring home the deluded
! followers of Walker, and leave their buccaneer
leader to the retributive justice of the authority
of the country whose soil he had violated, whose
property he had robbed, and whose people he had
murdered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHILLIPS. The object I had in view
seems to have been somewhat misunderstood by
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman>]
and the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt.] If the amended proposition was intended
merely as an inquiry into the necessity of provid-
ing additional punishments for a violation of the
neutrality laws, I could not for a moment object.
I should object to the appointment of a select com-
mittee, but I would vote for the reference of the
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary. The
experience of the gentleman from Mississippi must
have taught him, last year, the danger of referring
to a select committee matteis which properly
belong to one of the standing committees of the
House. If I recollect rightly, it was the objection
of the gentleman from Mississippi which led the
House to discover that a law, which had been re-
ported by a select committee, was so defective,and
so radically wrong, that it was almost instantly
reconsidered.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I say that, to instruct the
Committee on the Judiciary at all, in advance, is
to declare the necessity fur such instructions. The
President, in his annual message to Congress,
took occasion to say:
kff commend the whole subject to the attention of Con-
gress, b«MieVin  that oui duty and our inteie^t. as well as
our national chaiactei, roqune that we should adopt such
incisures a« will be effectual in restraining our citizens
fiom committing Mich outiages-.1'
It is that portion of the message which brings
the whole subjcct befoie the Committee on the
Judiciary for inquiry. Now, has not the Presi-
dent of the United States commended to the action
of Congress the whole subject. It is because 1
believe that he has done so; because I believe the
neutrality laws, which have been the work of
many years, and are recognized as identical in all
civilizcd nations, require no tinkering, and will
only suffer by any attempt at their alteration, that
I oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I understand the gentleman
to put a question to me. Will he permit me to
answer it ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Certainly.
Mr. QUITMAN. The gentleman asks me
whether my action in moving that this subject
; should be referred to a special committee did not
I arise from a wish to make the neutrality laws 
1 Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that the debate.shall be confined to the
pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules the debate
must be confined to the amendment under consid-
eration.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have confined myself to
the amendment.
Mr. CtUITMAN. I do not see that the gen-
tleman from Georgia had a right to interrupt me.
I understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to ask me whether I do not desire to throw ob-
structions in the way of the pu nishment of offenses
against the neutrality laws. I desire no such
thing. 1 am as willing as he or any other mem-
ber of this House, to carry out the law of nations;
but I stand here to vindicate my belief thatapor-
