2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
I do not desire to detain the committee. I will,
however, call their attention briefly and rapidly to
a few statements upon this subject. The mail
service on one of these routes, from New York
to Aspinwall, commenced in 1848; and I under-
stand it has been construed to extend for a period
of years to come. The other, from Panama to
San Francisco 
[Here t'be hammer fell.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, in
the House I submitted a resolution closing debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union within five minutes after the consideration
of the Navy appropriation bill was resumed, for
the reason that t believed it was the desire of the
House to get through with the appropriation bills
without unnecessary debate, with a view to the
adjournment on the 7th of June. I wish to say a
word or two in reply to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia 
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order
on the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that it is
not in order for him to refer to anything but the
bill under consideration. I do not care, however,
what he says, provided that 1 be heard in reply.
If he goes on and I get up to respond, some gen-
tleman on the other side will call me to order. If
it be agreed that 1 shall be allowed to reply, I
have no objection to his going on; for 1 am in for it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no inten-
tion to make any remark unkind, uncharitable,
and unfair, but merely to say that the gentleman
from Virginia was laboringunderamisnpprehen-
sion in regard to the takingup of this bill.
Mr. BOWIE. I rise to a point of order. I
want to know what is unkind, uncharitable,and
funfair, under the rules ? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide
questions as they arise. He docs not think that
there is any necessity for a decision of the ques-
tion raised by the gentleman.
Mr. BOWIE There is no charity about that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to correct a
misapprehension of the gentleman from Virginia.
This bill was not taken up of my own accord.
Mr. STANTON. What question is before the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. ThcNavyappropriation
bill; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania is now
occupying the floor under the rule, in closing the
general debate.
Mr. STANTON. 1 insist, then, that his re-
marks shall be confined to the bill; and I shall
object to anything outside of the legitimate dis-
cussion of the bill. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has intimated
that debate must be confined 10 the bill.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to ask the Chair 
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tenncss, e. I object.
Mr. LEITER. To my asking a question ?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEITER. I will make a point of order.
I make tin; point that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot close debate in the hour he is al-
lowed under the rule, until the bill has been read
through by sections for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks,as the
time allowed for general debate has terminated,
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is now entitled to the floor to close debate.
Mr. LEITER. Has the bill been read through?
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
the bill was dispensed with by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LEITER. I make the point that debate
cannot be closed until the bill has been read
through for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio on the
ground he has aheady stated.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have to say that,
if gentlemen do not want to take up the time of
the committee, they will let me proceed without
interruption. I do not intend to occupy more
than five or ten minutes.
Mfr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object to the
interruption, unless it is to raise a point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair
to say that the five-minute debate has closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has only de-
cided that the general debate has been closed,
under the order of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This bill was not
taken up in committee, in preference to other ap-
propriation bills, on my motion. My desire was
that the committee should take up the bill to pay
the volunteers. I did not want to take up the
Navy appropriation bill until I had heard from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. So far from
having objection to any communication with that
committee, I was,on the contrary, willing to hear
from them; and I will say that my own opinions
are in accordance with what I understand to be
their opinions. This appropriation bill was taken
up because it was the first upon the Calendar.
When it was up, the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs asked me whether I had any
objection to take up another bill. I told him that
I would be willing to do so, provided I could ob-
tain the consent of the House. It was the wish
of the House that the consideration of the bill
should be proceeded with.
I am not aware, I confess, that it is the duty
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to seek consultations with the chairmen
of other committees of the House, with a view
to regulate the appiopriation bills; but I consider
that it would be discourteous, in case of a chair-
man of a committee desiring to consult with the
Committee of Ways and Means on a certain mat-
ter, if the request were not cheerfully complied
with. I do not understand, however, that it is
the duty of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to seek interviews with other
committees, in order to know how they wish the
appropriation bills to be drawn up. I am utterly
ignorant of any rule requinng such action; and if
I have committed an error on that score, it is to
be ascribed not to design, but to my ignorance.
Mr. Chairman, this is the usual Navy appro-
priation bill. The estimates of the Secretary of
the Navy for the last year were $13,062,5G1 79;
and for the next fiscal year $13,GS0,448 23.
These estimates were reduced to the very lowest
point at which, in the opinion of the Secretary of
the Navy, this very important branch of the ser-
vice of the Government can be earned on. The
committee are aware of us immense importance
at this particular cr.isis; and so far as I am in-
formed upon the subject, the great feeling mani-
fested upon the part of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, is with a view of increasing, instead of
diminishing, the appropriation, by adding four
steam sloops for the service. The Secretary of
the Navy was of opinion that $13,080,448 was
the smallest amount with which the service could
be carried on; but the Committee of Ways and
Means, after frequent consultation, and after a
careful and scrutinizing examination of the items,
succeeded in reducing the appropriation $538,894.
That, reduction was not made upon the principle
that the whole sum was not necessary for the effi-
cient service of the Naval Department, but upon
the ground that the scarcity of money required
that, for the next fiscal year, we should reduce
the expenditures to the lowest possible amount.
Every dollar estimated for is absolutely requited,
if you want to make the Navy thoroughly effi-
cient. In reducing it to the lowest possible point
of efficiency, you may dispense with $500,000;
and the Committee of Ways and Means have so
recommended. The appropriation then asked for
for the next fiscal year, for this branch of the pub-
lic service, is $13,149,544 23, not including what
may be added by some small amendments which
I intend to offer.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, to offer some five
amendments, and I will refer to them now, to save
the necessity of explaining them when 1 shall of-
fer them. The fust two amendments do not in-
crease the appropriation at all, but merely direct
in what manner the appropriation shall be ap-
plied. The third amendment is an appropriation
of $3,000 to pay for a code ordered by Congress.
The fourth is an appropriation of $110,000 to pay
the expenses of courts of inquiry by naval officers
ordered by Congress, and held in this city, and
not yet paid for. The fifth amendment is to ap-
propriate $5,000 to pay for charts of the naviga-
tion and exploration of the La Platte river.
I ask the Chair, now, what portion of my time
I have consumed ?
The CHAIRMAN. About twenty minutes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am willing to
yield the remainder of my time to the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones,] the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, had agreed
distinctly, in a consultation this morn in?, that this
bill might go over for the present, and that other
bills might be considered this evening in its stead.
Whatever condition the gentleman might have
contemplated in agreeing to this arrangement was
tacit, and not expressed. He (Mr7 B.) knew
nothing of such condition; he was entirely unpre-
pared to present to the committee the several sub-
jects which ho had designed to bring forward in
connection with this bill. He had therefore some
reason to complain of the course which had been
pursued; he had no unkind feeling towards the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, on the contrary, he
respected him. And, in complaining of his action
m this matter, he did not intend to be unneces-
sarily harsh.
The gentleman made use of one remark, a few
minutes ago, which he considered rather unkind.
He (Mr. B.) objected to his making a statement
in relation to the understanding between thorn this
morning unless he could reply. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania remarked that he was sorry
that he (Mr. B.) should take refuge under the rules
of the House against his statement. If lie had
been disposed to be unkind, the retort was at hand.
He could have reminded the committee that men
take refuge sometimes from storms of hail; but
sometimes also from storms of loind. He re-
frained, however, and contented himself with
meiely saying that, if he could be allowed to re-
ply, he wished the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to ?o on. Let all this pass. Tf the Committee
of Ways and Means had consulted the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs m relation to this bill,as has
been done heretofore, we should have been ready
with our amendments and suggestions, and this
difficulty might have been avoided. He knew that
many of the members of the Committee on Naval
Affairs expected to be consulted.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not wish to interfere,
but I submit whether it is in order for the gen-
tleman to discuss questions of etiquette between
committees of this House.
Mr. BOCOCK. Why did not the gentleman
raise this question on the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania? I know the gentleman from Illinois is
a master of etiquette, find I invoke his judgment
upon his own course in this matter.
Though not having time enough to discuss all
the subjects arising under this bill, to which the
attention of the Committee on Naval Affairs has
been directed, and being not prepared, in fact, to
do justice to any of them, I cannot refrain from
caliing attention to one of them The Committee
on Naval Affairs have directed me to report a bill
for the conduction of ten small sloops-of-war,
with full steam power, and drawing not more than
twelve feet of water. This measure was recom-
mended by ttie Secretary of the Navy at the be-
ginning of the session, and surely ciieumstances
have not tended since then to render the measure
less wise.
Mr. B. then proceeded to enforce the import-
ance of the proposed measure by a variety of con-
siderations. The improvements which have been
made in gunnery render small vessels compara-
tively much more effective than formerly. A few
small vessels, armed with large guns, can terubly
annoy and perhaps destroy the largest sized vessel
in the British or American Navy, armed with
many more guns than all the small ones together.
Then tiie ports of all the southern coast of the
United States, and those of Mexico and Central
America, are so shallow thata vessel drawingmore
than fourteen feet of water can enter none of them
at low water, except, perhaps, that of Brunswick,
m Georgia.
It would be a great saving of expense to have
a number of these small vessels, because one or
two of them, together with one of the larger
steamers which we have recently constructed,
would constitute a sufficient force for almost any
of our squadrons. And it is much cheaper to keep
these vessels afloat than one of the larger class
of our steamers.
Mr. B. alluded to recent occurrences in the Gulf
of Mexico, and suggested that, in view of them,
this would be a judicious measure. He was no
alarmist; and did not desire to inflame the public
mind precipitately or unnecessarily. These oc-
currences had been made, he knew, the subject
