1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
had arightto dispute their entrance into theTerri-
tory. They who condemn the systematic plan of
emigration set on foot in New England, impugn
one of the most ancient and unquestioned privi-
leges of the Anglo-Saxon race—a privilege which
the most despotic sovereigns of Italy and the
German States have occasionally fettered the ex-
ercise of, but which they have never dared wholly
to deny orprohibit. Free and untrammeled liberty
of emigration and movement, from the time that
the Germanic tribes of the north first burst the
barrier of the Alps, and poured down on the plains
of Italy, mingling their blood and tongue with the
people and language of imperial Rome, has to this
day been a peculiar characteristic of the Teutonic
stock. It is none the less so of the Anglo-Amer-
ican people.
The New England emigrants went to Kansas in
quest of a new home; their object was as legiti-
mate as that which inspired the landing at Fly-
mouth and the settlemetitat Jamestown. Iftheir
aim was also to found a free State, to make a peace-
ful conquest for free institutions, that was purely
just and proper, and it enhanced the merit of their
enterprise. The founder of a free commonwealth
was honored while living by the Greeks and Ro-
mans as a benefactor of his species, and raised to
divine honors after death. Honor to the hardy
descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers, whose enter-
prising and adventurous spirits carries American
civilization into the remotest wildernesses of the
remote West! And especial honor to them for
having led the way in the achievement of this
latest victory of freedom over slavery!
It was an honest victory, gained in a hard con-
tested battle, fairly foughtand fairly won, bet ween
the ad volutes of opposite systems of polity. The
repeal of the Missouri compromise line and the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act rendered a
contest between the friends of free and slave labor
inevitable in the Territory of Kansas. It was the
duty of the President to protect both the contend-
ing parties in the enjoyment of their respective
rights; to act with impartial justice, and frustrate
the efforts of either to accomplish its purposes
by fraud or violence. It was within his cogni-
zance that unlawful organizations, under the name
of blue lodges, confederated together by secret
oaths, had been formed along tlie Missouri fron- l
tier, for the purpose of opposing the peaceful op- j
eration of the Kansas-Nebi aska act, and prevent- I
ing the settlement of the Territoiy by free-State I
men; and yet he made 110 efficient effort to foil 1
their iniquitous schemes. j
These ruffian fraternities, which the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hatch,] in his virtuous
zeal against secret political societies, strangely
overlooked, were the primary cause of all the
disorders which have marked the history of Kan-
sas. They it was who attempted to drive outot
Kansas the first free-State colony of emigrants,
under Branscomb, Pomeroy, and Robinson, and
prevent them from laying the foundations of the
town of Lawrence; who instigated the destruc-
tion of the fre^spoken press of the Parkville Lu-
minary; who tarred and feathered William Phil-
lips, and turned the Rev. Pardee Butler afloat on
a raft on the Missouri, for protesting against their
arbitrary conduct; who besieged, with military
array, the unoffending town of Lawrence, de-
stroyed some of its chief buildings, and sacked,
and plundered others; who lined the banks of the
Missouri with armed bands, prohibited the pas-
sage of free-State emigrants, and entered steam-
ers, and broke openand pilfered the trunks of this
class of emigrants, and then forced them to return.
Not satisfied with covering Kansas with fiie
and blood, tliey determined to thwart the legal
expression of the popular will at the ballot-box.
Notwithstanding that provision of the Kansas-
Nebraska act which declared that it was " the
true intent and meaning of this act, not to legislate
slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States," they combined
to defraud the legal voters of their rights, by pol-
luting the ballot-box with illegal votes, and by in-
timidating, or violently preventing, the resident
citizens from the exercise of the right of suffrage.
In the first election, that for territorial Delegate,
the report of the investigating committee appoint-
ed by the last Congress, shows that the polls
were, for the most part, seized and kept posses-
sion of by bands of jjpsperate men from Missouri,
who did almost all the voting themselves. Of the
twothousand eighthundred andsoventy-one votes
cast at that election, this report proves that one
thousand seven hundred a%d twenty-nine were il-
legal. In the subsequent election for aTerritorial
Legislature, on the 30th of March, 1855, the same
scenes were reenacted. The Missouri invaders
polled four thousand nine hundred and eight ille-
gal votes; and of the one thousand three hundred
and ten legal votes, seven hundred and ninety-one
were cast for the free-State candidates.
This Legislature, elected by fraudulent votes,
was an alien body, imposed on the people of Kan-
sas by alien votes, and was rightfully regarded at ;
all times as utterly destitute of legal authority.
When it met, its first act was to deprive the only
free-State member of the Council of his seat, and
to expel from the House the free-State members
chosen at the second election. If such a Legis-
lature was legal, then a Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, chosen by armed bands of intruders from
New York would be legal; and the people of
any State could be justified in crossing into an
adjacent State, driving its citizens from the polls,
and imposing on them a Legislature of their own
choosing, to enact such laws as might suit their
peculiar notions. If the citizens of Pennsylvania
would be right in refusing to recognize such a Le-
gislature as clothed with legal authority, the peo-
ple of Kansas certainly were not wrong in acting
111 the same manner under like circumstances. It
is neither fair nor just to expect the people of
Kansas to submit to an outrage which Pennsyl-
vanians or South Carolinians would never have
tolerated for a moment.
The infamous code of laws enacted by this Le-
gislature, and properly designated as the black
code, would have disgraced the most absolute Gov-
ernment 111 the Old World. A Legislature which
could make it a penitentiary offense to deny the
right to hold slaves in a Territory, where the
question of slavery was expressly made a debat-
able one by act of Congress, and could require all
voters and officers to take an oath to support the
fugitive slave law; and its other unconstitutional,
inhuman, and unchristian acts, was as unfit to
pass laws for the government of a free people as
the Turkish Divan itself. The only wonder is,
not that the people of Kansas refused to recog-
nize it. but that they permitted it to hold its_ses- 1
sions at all. Whatever this counterfeit Legisla-
ture did was right in the judgment of the ruling
authorities at ^Washington; its laws must be
■ obeyed, odious and despotic as they were, and
utterly at variance with the first principles of free
institutions. Whatever the people did by way
of remonstrance to its tyrannical acts, or of op-
position to its usurpations, the administration of
President Pierce denounced as rebellion and trea-
son. If Lord Chatham could rejoice that three mil-
lions of American colonists rose 111 arms against
the tyranny of the British Parliament, I may be
permitted to rejoice that the settlers of Kansas,
loyal to the free spirit of their revolutionary an-
cestors, never could be coerced into subjection to
the usurped authority of this bogus Legislature.
The employment of the United States troops to
sustain the execution of this Draconian code of
law was as futile in its results as the attempt to
enforce the stamp act by British regulars 111 Amer-
ica.
The Topeka Legislature, if it was not organ-
ized strictly according to law, wras chosen by the
, people of Kansas. Tiie vote cast for it came from
legal resident voters, while that which met at
Pawnee was elected by Missourians. The former
was, to all intents and purposes, the legitimate
representative of publicopinion in Kansas. The
latter might have the strict letter of the law in its
favor, but the former had right and justice exclu-
sively on its side. It was perfectly consistent in
President Pierce to authorize Governor Shannon
to employ the United States troops to enforce the
odious and anti-republican laws of the Missouri
chosen Legislature, and to order Colonel feumner
• to disperse the Topeka Legislature at the point of
; the bayonet. Had he acted with equal prompt-
itude and decision against the border-ruffians, the
scenes of violence and bloodshed which subse-
quently disgraced the Territory never would have
■ occurred. It was the tacit approbation then ex-
■ tended to these men > and since continued by 1 res-
ident Buchanan, which has prolonged and fo-
mented the civil war that so long desolated the
plains of Kansas.
In perfect keeping with its other proceedings
was the action of the Territorial Legislature in
calling a convention to form a State constitution.
In the thirty-four regularly organized counties, all
of which were named as election districts for del-
egates to the convention, a census and registry of
voters was required to be taken, according to which _
the apportionment of delegates was to be made.
Says Governor Walker:
" In nineteen of these counties there was no census, and
tberefoie tbeie could he no such appotnonment there of del-
egates based upon such census. And m fifteen of these
counties there was no registry of voters. These fifteen
counties, including many of the oldest organized counties
of the Terntoiy, were entirely disfranchised, and did n<tt
give, and (bynofaultof their own) could not give, a solitary
vote for delegates to the convention. The result was super-
mduceilby the fact that the Territorial Legislature appointed
a'! the sheriffs and probate judges in all the^e counties, to
whom was assigned the duty, by law, of making this census
and registry. These officers were political partisans, dis-
senting from the views and opinions of the people of these
counties, as proved by the election in October last."
That the omission to take the census and regis-
try was intentional, and that there was a deliber-
ate design to cheat the people in these counties
out of the right of voting, is shown by the fact, in
the words of Governor Walker — " that where
ever'they endeavored by a subsequent census or
registry of their own to supply this defect, oc-
casioned by the previous neglect of the territorial
officers, the delegates lima chosen were rejected by
the convention. Surely,then,"continues Governor
Walker, " it cannot be said that such a conven-
tion, chosen by scarcely more than one tenth of
the present voters of Kansas, represented the
people of that Territoiy, and could rightfully im-
pose a constitution upon them without their con-
sent. These nineteen countiesin which there was
no census, constituted a majority of the counties
of the Territory; and these fifteen counties, in
which there was no registry, gave a much larger
vote at the October election, even with the six
months' qualification, than the whole vote given
to the delegates who signed the Lecompton con-
stitution on the 7th November last."
The report of the board of commissioners ap-
pointed by the Legislature shows how successful
was this systematic scheme of fraud. They say:
u Ftoni the evidence taken before them, the board state
Hint the returns from the Delaware agcncy precinct were
honestly made out by the officers of the election ; and sub-
sequently thiee bundled and tUirty-fix names were foigcd
upon Ihem. bv or with the knowledge of John ft. Hender-
.-on ; anil that John Calhoun was jiarticejis minims after
the fact
<■ The board report that of the votes returned of the elec-
tion of the 21st December, 1857, on the s-l.iveiy clause of
ttir con-titution fiamed at Lecompton, held at tiie precincts
of Kickapoo, Delaware, Oxfoid, anil Shawnee, about the
following numbers were ilto«al and fraudulent:
"At Xie'-iapoo  700
Delaware City  345
\ Oxfoid    'k-p
1 Shawnee.  6/5
.2,720"
Of the 6,143 votes officially reported as cast for
thoLocompton constitution, 2,720are thus proved
to bo fraudulent, leaving only an actual vote of
3,423, much of which also is of a questionable
character. .
The election of January 4, 1858, witnessed a
repetition of these atrocious proceedings. Of the
votes returned at this election, for officers under
the Lecompton constitution, the following num-
bers are found by the board to be illegal and fraud-
ulent:
AtKjckapoo 600
Delaware Ony    5
Delaware agency  336
Oxford  C96
Shawnee •>  821
Total  2,458
Of tlic result of this latter election, held under
officers appointed by Governor Calhoun, and
obliged to make' their returns to him alone, we
have no certain information down to the present
time. We have promises of certificates of elec-
tion from a man as notoriously liberal in prom-
ises as he is unfaithful in their execution; but the
certificates have not yet been given. Who are fo
be the State officers, this oracular pet of our Jaw-
and-order President refuses to give the slightest
intimation. In vain may the President denounce
