2iXt
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
price and quality, completely within the power
of those who raise the article.
-Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will say
to' the gentleman from North Carolina, that I
have no" desire to produce any such result; but
that, after repeated experiments, this is the only
mode I ean devise by which to get the American
article procured for the American Navy at all.
When I inform the gentleman that as early as
1850, the policy was adopted, as appears fiom
your statute-book, to prefer American water-
rotted hemp to the foreign article, if it can be
procured on as good terms, and of as good qual-
ity, and that all we have been able to sell for the
American Navy in the last five years is seventy-
four tons, the gentleman will see the necessity
of my amendment. It is not that our farmers do
not produce the article, nor that they are unwill-
ing ; but the fault lies in the administration of
Ithe Navy Department. The object of my amend-
VJWnt is to let the Navy Department understand
™ that under the existing law we intend to have the
American article purchased for the American Navy,
and. that they shall not make contracts for the
foreign article, unless a deficiency of the Ameri-
can articlo shall appear by regular quarterly re-
ports from the agents of the Department, who
may be sent among the hemp growers to procure
our own articlo.
Mr. BRANCH. As I understand—for I desire
information upon the subject—the Secretary of
the Na\y is to be required to purchase all the
American hemp, before he is allowed to go else-
where. If that is to be the requirement, what is
there to prevent the dealers in American hemp
from demanding just such prices as they think
proper?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that the existing
law provides that the American hemp purchased
for the use of the Navy shall bear the test now
- required by law. Both the quality and price are
fixed by law. My amendment will not alter the
law, except so far as to require the Secretary to
execute the existing law. The price is specified
in the law.
Mr. BRANCH. Is the price specified in the
law above or below what good hemp can be pur-
chased at elsewhere ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have not
referred to the law, but my recollection is that the
American article is to be procured by the Navy
Department, if it can be procured at the pi-ice at
which the Russian article rated for five years pre-
ceding the date of the law. 1 wilt say frankly to
the gentleman, that the Russian article is now
purchased in New York and Huston, and is prob-
ably furnished to the Government at some three
or four dollars less, by the ton, than it was five
years ago.
Mr. CLAY. If not too much trouble, I would
nsk my honorable colleague to refer to the law, so
that wo maybe exactly informed on the subject.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have the law here.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I yield to
the gentleman from Virginia to read it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I find, by the first act passed,
that the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
purchase or contract for hemp for a period not
exceeding three years. By the act of May 9,18-18,
the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to pur-
chase hemp for a period notexceedmg fiveyears,
and provided that the same can be had of equal
quality with the best foreign hemp, at a price not
exceeding the average price of said hemp for the
last preceding five years.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The exist-
in0* law does not allow them to make a contract,
bift requires the Department to go into the mar-
ket overt to make purchases. I think that this
provision was inserted in the Navy appropriation
bill of 1851.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have found that law, and
\v ill read it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
  went has closed.
Mr. BOCOCK. Have I not a right to be hoard
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman would be
in order at the time the gentleman from K.mit ui l:v
closed his speech in favor of his nmendment, and
before the amendment to the amendment was con-
sidered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.  
Mr. BRANCH. I thought that the gentleman
from Kentucky acceptcd my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the under-
standing of the Chair.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I insist on a vote on
my amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to read the exist-
ing law for the information of the committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iobject. Let us get on with
the bill. We understand the question.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I claim the right now to be
heard in opposition to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. There were five minutes
of debate in explanation of the amendment, and
not one word has been said in opposition to it;
whereas the rule provides that five minutes shall
be allowed in explanation of an amendment, and
five minutes in opposition.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Branch] was accepted by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. It was not accepted.
Mr. BURNETT. Then the gentleman from
North Carolina spoke in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
ground of his decision. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] offered an amendment,
and spoke five minutes in Us favor. If the gentle-
men from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] had risen then,
and before the amendment to the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Branch] was considered, he would have been en-
titled to speak five minutes in opposition. The
Chair regards debate as being closed on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. The
question now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
. The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. MARbiiAi.L, ofKentuclcy, as amended; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to reduce the appropria-
tion in the following paragraph to $2,000,000:
" For inei-'';we, tepair, armament, nncl equipment of the
Navy, mclndiiif; the wear and tear of vessels in commis-
sion, I'ui.'t lor steameis, and purcliaao of hemp for tile Navy,
,aio.ooo."
At almost, or quite, every session that I have
occupied a seat on this floor, reasons have been
ur^ed for tho-increase of the Navy. At one time
it "is one exigency, and at another time another
and a different one. And thus, from year to year,
has the Government been called upon to increase
the Navy. We have doubled its expenses since
1844, and have added some new ships. The rea-
son urged to-day is that difficulties have occurred
in the Gulf of Mexico with the British cuusers.
Whether the acts of those officers ate to be sus-
tained by the lintish Government, or not, is not
yet known. Until it is, there is no more reason
for our increasing the Navy than there has been
for years past, for difficulties have occurred with
different nations for a number of years past in the
Gulf. We have had some difficulty with Spain.
Since filibustering commenced upon Central
America and Cuba, those difficulties have been
more frequent. Yearly, every new occasion is
seizeduponand urged as anewreasonwhy the ex-
penses of this Government should be swelled to a
larger amount. The professed Utah war was seized
upon and made the ground for a demand upon the
Government to add five new regiments to our
standing Army, and thus make a permanent in-
ciease of that number, because, forsooth, there
was a danger of war with the Mormons m Utah.
But the latest news from there shows that there
is no trouble wall the Mormons. Now we are
asked, because of some difficulties in the Gulf, to
add to the Navy; and I appiehend, when we hear
from England, that these troubles will be all set-
tled. By reports from* Utah it appears that we
have no need for an addition to the Army, for no
war exists; and commissioners can go to Utah,
and establish a peace to-day without the assist-
ance of a soldier.
But, as I said before, the Government is called
open, from session to session, to increase the force
of its Navy and Army, in order to increase, to
an enormous extent, its patronage and its power.
It is against this general tendency that I object.
A Government made great by lavish expendi-
tures, and its great patronage and power, is not a
Government in harmony with the genius of our
institutions or the character of our people. While
we have a mercantile marine larger in tonnage
than any nation on the earth, why need we ap-
prehend any danger from any foreign Power ?
True, our war Navy is small, but it was so in the
last war, and yet we wrested the trident from the
proud mistress of the seas while in our infancy,
upon the bosom of the mighty deep. If collision
comes, why cannot you convert your mercantile
marine into a hostile force, as you did in 1812, and
at a less expense than it would be to be constantly
increasing the Navy? Rely upon the exigency of
the hour, and the expenses of the Government
will be far less by converting your private ships
into a mighty armed force to meet the exigency
wheo it arises. You need no navy to keep a hos-
tile foice from landing upon your shores; for on
land we can bid dcfiancc to the world in arms.
We need a navy only to protect our commerce.
But thatis as safe to-day, under o.ur marine power,
as it was in 1812, The disparity between our
Navy and that of England is no greater now than
it was then. But we have gone on since 1844 in-
creasing its expense from about six million dollars
a year up to thirteen million. Thus are we swell-
ing up these enormous expenses which are not to
be controlled when once incurred. We go on in-
creasing the expenses of Government and the
taxes upon the people from year to year, and all
the excuse we have in this case is that we fear a
hostile force will land upon our shores.
Mr. COVODE. I oppose the amendment of
my colleague from Pennsylvania, and I desire to
reply to the remark of the 'gentleman that our
Navy now compares as favorably with the Eng-
lish navy as it did at the time of the war of 1812.
I desire to call attention to a fact which the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania and this House do not
appear to know, and that is that Great Britain, at
the close of the Crimean war, had in her service,
m good repair, five hundred war steamers. In
addition to that, she had the control of four hun-
dred and fifty mail steamers, which she could call
upon, for war purposes, at any time. She had,
then, a war fleet of nine hundred and fifty vessels,
fit for war at any time, while the United States
has only twenty war steamers, eight of which are
not in a condition to go out of harbor. Such is
the comparative condition of the two countries,
so far as the steamer force is concerned.
The British navy, in tact, lias the control of
the sea. Talk about fighting England with our
Navy ! If wo fight England, her ships have got
to come upon our coast. We cannot meet upon
the high seas; for 1 assert, without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction, that we are not able to cope
with such a navy with our insignificant force. Eng-
land 's mail steamers are organised into ninety-one
lines running direct from England, and twenty-
five lines running between foreign ports, in con-
nection with them; and in addition to the nine
hundred and fifty war and mail steamers, she has
a merchant steam marine of over nine hundred
and fifty vessels, making in all over one thousand
nine hundred sea-going steamers.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to amend tire amend-
ment by adding one dollar to the amount. I
merely wish to state I think my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] is in error. The clause of
the bill now under consideration is not a bill for
the increase of the Navy, but it is the usual clause
for the repair of the wear and tear of the Navy,
and to render your vessels sea-worthy.
Mr. GR.OW. The word " increasing" is used
in the very commencement of the clause.
Mr. WINSLOW. I so understand; but under
this clause the authority is not given to the Sec-
retary of the Navy to add new vessels. That au-
thority is always conferred by express legislation.
But he has authority, from time to time, to render
sailing vessels int  steam vessels. If you strike
out this appropriation, you will throw many of
your vessels entirely out of commission. There
are only twenty-three vessels in commission in
the United States, and if you reduce this appro-
priation you could not keep half of that fleet in a
condition for sea-service.
I have in my hand some statements in regard
