1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
the free-State men as recreant to duty in refusing
to vote on the Lecompton constitution on the 21st
of December and at other elections, when it was
evident, from repeated trials, that a legal election
w;is impossible. It was useless to cast votes when
no account was taken of tliem, and when the per- j
petrators of fraud enjoyed the favor and seemed '
to have the approving sanction of the President
of the United States. A decent self-respect jus-
tified them in withholding their presence from the
polls.
The culminating fraud in this history of out-
rage was the mode of submitting the constitution
to popular vote. One single feature—whether
any more slaves may be imported—was alone
submitted; while, let the result be what it may,
tke constitution recognizes and adopts the Oxford
fraud as a basis of apportionment of legislative
members from Johnson county. This constitu-
tion, if adopted, would have perpetuated the mi-
nority government, and placed the conspirators
against the legal voters in full possession of the
new State of Kansas. That a pledge was broken
and the people betrayed in not submitting the
whole constitution for ratification, is evidentfrorn
the following address:
To the Democratic Voters of Douglas County •
It having been stated by that Abolition newspaper, the
Herald of Freedom, and by some di^atfected bogus Demo-
ciatsi, who have got tip an independent tiokot, lor the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black itcpuhlieans, that the
regular nominees of the Ilemoeiatie convention were 6p-
po*cd to submitting the constitution to the people^ we, the
candidates of the Democratic party, submit the following
resolutions winch were adopted by the Democratic con
vention winch placed us in nomination, and which we fully
and heartily indorse, as a complete relutation of the slan-
ders above referred to.
John Calhoun. A. W. Jonks,
W. Wem.s, U. Hi rnn:i:,
L. S. Boluno, John M Wallace,
VVm. '1'. tfl'ickly, L. A. I'katiiek.
Lkcompton, Kansas Temtoiy, June I .'J, IKYi.
<c Rewlveih That we will suppoit no man a* a delegate to
the constitutional convention, \\h w duties it will be to !
fiame the eouxtit'ition of the future State ot K.iii-i.h, rmd to !
mold the political institutions undei which we. as a people, !
arc to hvc, unless he pledge^ him^clt fully. fre«*h , and u uh- ,
out ienervation, to use eveiy honnrahle me;m«! (<> ^iibnni the |
same to every bonajlde actual cmy.cn ol K«uwi-.at the pioper ;
time for the vote being taken upon tnc adopt ion hv the peo- 1,
pic, in oidorth.it the t>aid constitution m;iv be adopicd or Ji
i ejected by the actual settlci-. in tins- Territoiy, a> the ma- j,
jonty of the voters shall decide." jj
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl- ;i
vania allow mo to call his attention to this fact as i,j
to the signature of Mr. Prather to that paper? I i:
have, received aletter from him, in which ho states |l
that it is a mistake, and that he never put his name ||
to that paper, although others may have done so. |j
i fe wished me, i ither in my place here or in Home j:
other public manner, to do him justice, Iloisari ;
old Virginian, and as much opposed to the Lo- ■
compton constitution as anybody here. j
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Then I am '
very glad to relieve him from the odium attaching .
to his name in being' mixed up with such a com-
bination.
Neither Calhoun, nor any of his fellow-conspir-
at01 s, could have been elected delegates to the con- \
vention, had it hecu known that they intended to !
submit but one single provision of the eon«utu- !
tion to tlie popular ordeal. They were aware of,
this; and, to deceive their constituents, issued the .
above false and deceptive address. j
The State officers, elected under the Lecomp-1
ton constitution, in their protect communicated l
to this [louse, against its adoption, says: j
The constitution, thus? framed, wa* nevei r-ubnntteti by 1
the convention 10 a fair vote oi the people joi then ratified- ,
turn or rejection ; but, on the oilier hand, their judgment i
w.i- insulted, and their ri^ht> trilh (t with by the jnetended '
buSnm^son of what us called the " slaveiv ebm^e,m such !
inanner a>« to present no qne^ion except that of the nnpoi-
tation of slaves into the State in lutiue, and foicmi? every .
one who voted to ^tve his sanction to all the other pi o vision* ,
of the ■•oiistituuou, and to take, if required, a test oath to ,
Mippoit^ani constitution, if adopted. I 'nder the provcioin |
of the t-eheiiule piovidmir tor stud election tho-e. who voted
u ballot in.uked lom-htution uith s/ar<v/," neee^sai llv
tcavetlun sanction to the whole instrument^ and those who 1
voted ''constitution with no slaveiy/5 neeessanly pave the I
sanction <>( their vote to ail the provision* of ihe constitution, ■
cAccpr the -lavm arte ie, and hi hen theicof Mibstuuted an
article pinhibiiiiurthe introduction of slaves into the State m
fututc, and coiunmirig tho.<e now in the Teiritory and their
posterity in t-laveiv tor all time to come. Tin*, was the sim-
ple r,>£,ult of the vote. It irf scarcely nccestaiy for to ><iy |
that tiie privilege ot voting upon one proposition, thn^ he-e't ;
wait condition* t>o utterly inadequate and unuist, by the 1
ci or deciding upon a einyle, and. n< simnnited, ny no
inc.iii* an impoiUtnt question, piudu^ed at the e.\pun*.«* of ;
piv.u;' lite Mnetion of our vote* to many provision- that our
}'id:r i;£,;ii loii'If p}!!*-''. d ,-Tnd ;>'-'()!!-ideied by the people
of Kansas, no boon; but, on the other hand, the offer is justly
held to be an insult to a people who know and appreciate
the rights of freemen ; and hence,"%ight tenths of the peo-
ple rejected the offer with contempt, and refused to parti-
cipate in an election the terms of winch tliua eompiomised
the dignity of an American citizen."
If any doubt existedaas to the real state of pub-
lic opinion in Kansas, it would be removed by
the vote cast against the Lecompton constitution,
at the election held on the 4th day of January,
1858, which, according to the certified returns,
amounted to ten thousand two hundred and twen-
ty-six; showing a clear majority over that cast
for the constitution,on the preceding21st Decem-
ber, of six thousand eight hundred and three votes.
Governor Walker says:
" T state it as a fact, based on a long and intimate asso-
ciation with the people of Kansas, that an overwhelming
niajonty of that people are opposed to that instrument. In-
deed, disguise it as we may to ourselves, under the influ-
ence of the present excitement, the facts will demonstrate
that any attempt byCongrensto force this constitution upon
the people of Kansas, will he an effort to substitute the will
ot a small minority for that of an overwhelming majority of
the people of Kan*as ; that it will not settle the Kansas ques-
tion, or localize the issue ; that it will be attended by civil
war, extending, perhaps, throughout the Union ; thu* bring-
ing thin question back again upon Congress and before the
people, in its most dangeious and alarming aspect."
Shall this unanswerable evidence of the hos-
tility of the people of Kansas to the Lecompton
constitution, and these warning counsels, be heed-
ed? or shall the factious spirit of party and sec-
tional covetousness prevail over the dictates of
patriotism and discretion? You have the assur-
ance of almost every Governor the President has
sent to rule over the people of Kansas, that they
have been oppressed beyond endurance, harassed
to desperation, and subjected to the most atro-
cious outrages in their persons, their property, and
rights as freemen, by organized bands of ruffians
from an adjacent State; that a vile conspiracy has
been formed by men lost to every sense of honor,
patronized by officers high in authority, reckless of
their sworn obligations, to thwart the expression
of the popular will, to commit political forgery,
and foirethem to submit, to the iron yoke of mob
law. You are now invoked to give your approv-
ing sanction to this lon<r line of continuous out-
rage,and, a*; tli" British Parliament turned a deaf
ear to ihe remonstrances of our colonial ancestors,
to close yonrears to the oft-repeated praver of re-
dress sent to tins body by the down-trodden peo-
ple of Kansas; to refuse to listen to the story of
their wrongs, and strike them down by the iron
heel of military power. Beware how you shut
your eyes to the lessons of history, and particu-
larly to those of our own glorious annals.
The right of the people to elect their own rulers,
to govern themselves, is as ancient as the settle-
ment of this country. First asserted and put in
force in the cabin of the Mayflower, ere she an-
chored in the frozen waters of Plymouth bay,
and before her freedom-seeking bimd of exiles
landed on the ice-bound coast of Massachusetts,
it has been maintained through all stages of our
history to the present day. The invasion of that
right kindled the fires oi' the American Revolu-
tion; and the descendants of that little band of
Pilgrims, fiom whom kings might be proud to
claim descent, though their sacred memories are
sneered at and traduced on this floor, weie the
first to raise their voices and draw their swords
in defense of that freedom we have inherited from
the common efforts of ail our ancestors, North
and tiouth, in the tented field.
There is a higher principle involved in this
question than gentlemen aie willing to admit.
Deny to the people of Kansas the light to elect
their own system of' fundamental law, as you will
do, if you adopt the minority constitution framed
iU Lecompton, and you establish anew epoch m
this counu y; you turn back the tide of American
freedom; and you set a baneful example which
future usurpers, executive and legislative, will
only he too ready to follow, and plead in their
! own justification. No special pleading, no subtle
I quarter-sessions' pretexts can mitigate or exten-
, uate the injury you will inflict on the dearest and
■ most cherished principles of American roprcsent-
• alive government. Pause ere you strike the fatal
: blow ' That free and unpolluted tide which, burst-
j ing from beneath the blood-stained fields of the
| Revolution,has flowed on m generous swell to our
i own times, watering and ever freshening the roots
of free institutions, y< u cannot divert from Us
■ channel, or nriestni it? resistless covse: a.s well
mignt you seek to turn back the flood-swollen
waters of the Mississippi.
To palliate the wrong you commit in fastening
the Lecompton constitution on the necks of an
unwilling people, you are driven to the assertion
of the most dangerous doctrines. The President
declares that this constitution can be changed other
than in the manner, and before the time prescribed
in the constitution. He says that a majority "can
make and unmake constitutions atpleasure." If
this be true, then a majority of the people, in de-
fiance of the mode of amendment laid down in the
Constitution of the United States, can make and
unmake that Constitution at pleasure, just as well
as they can do the same with the Kansas constitu-
tion. Adopt this radical doctrine, and the Federal
Constitution, and that of every State in the Union,
will be at the mercy of every fluctuating majority.
Unstable as the sand, as changeable as statute law,
constitutions, under the operation of such a prin-
ciple,will cease to be reliable guarantees of vested
rights^ They will be regarded only as mirrors re-
flecting the dominant passions of the day, and we
shall cease to have any fixed principles of govern-
ment. Real and personal rights will be equally
insecure, and factious violence will usurp the place
of law and order. Such a revolutionaiy doctrine
would sound strange from any other statesman
than from him, who, m the Ostend manifesto,
proclaimed the piratical doctrine that we have a
right to seize, and appropriate to our own uses,
the possessions of a friendly nation, whenever we
should deem it expedient for our own advantage.
Representatives of slaveholding States may well
be startled at the annunciation of such views.
They know that it would justify an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, giving
Congress power to legislate over slavery in the
States; that it would justify an emigration into
Kentucky from a free State in abolishing sla-
very m that State, or in any other slavehold-
ing State. With such a policy fairly and firmly
established, slave property would at any time be
liable to be the sport of the majority of the mo-
ment, and it would not be worth holding.
This novel and self-refuting notion is one of
the fai-fetched pretexts always resorted to to jus-
tify tyrants in establishing despotism. It is a
tacit confession that the Lecompton constitution
does not deserve to stand, and is a crafty plea to
induce credulous men to give it their sanction.
Against the President's declaration, I set the pro-
visions of the constitution itself, restraining its
amendment until 18G4, and the opinion of one of
its ablest and warmest supporters in the Senate,
Mr. Greek, of Missouri, who, in his report to
that body, says:
However wievous its provisions may prove to he. (hey
[the pfoploj cannot chun^c it, without resorting to revolu-
tion, until ISO 1."
My fellow Americans from the South are espe-
cially appealed to by the Administration in tins
its hour of trial. They are expected to sanction
these new-fangled ideas of constitutional lav/.
On the one hand they arc coaxed on the other
they are cufted. Lectures of sectional duty are
daily read to them, and some of them are charged
in one of the semi-official government presses, with
having sold the mighty space of then-large honors
for filthy lucre. Not long since, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. il vrrn,] whose especial
boast was that he owed his election to theTorcign
vote, in his eagerness to flatter the prejudices of
his foreign constituency, wentout of his wav, to
the great delight of thu Administration partem
this House, and its organs out of it, to denounce
the Amencan party in the most unscrupulous
manner. To believe him. his Catholic Irish friends
were paragons of American iovalty, while the
American members on this floor",and the million
of voters who think with them m the country,
were the bhickest of traitois conspiring the over-
throw7 of the Republic. For my part, I see no
danger to the country—in def-ndm^ it against
every kind of foreign aggression, civil or ecclesi-
astical—in resisting all efforts to pervert the com-
mon school system to sectarian purposes—in re-
quiring of the stranger from foreign lands to pass
a sufficient apprenticeship among us to under-
stand our institutions, before assisting in their ad-
niimstration—in preventing-foreign poupers and
cnmmalsfrom being disgorged on onrshores from
the plethoric hive of the Old World, to fill our
luzar-houses, and crowd our criminal dock's—nor
