1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■241-3
to our Navy, showing its comparative condition
in 1816, and in January, 1858. In 1816 we had
forty-nine sail of vessels on the Atlantic sea-boaid
and in commission in foreign service, of an aggre-
gate to nnage of30,G00, and on the lakes twenty-five
vessels of an aggregate tonnage of 17,000, making
in all seventy-four vessels of 47,000 tons. The
Navy then having been actively employed in the
war with Great Britain, and subsequently in the
Mediterranean, under Commodores Decatur and
Bainbridge, against the Barbary pirates, was in
efficient condition, and a large proportion of the
vessels were in sea-going condition.
In 1858 we had seventy-seven sail of vessels
of all descriptions and classes, including line-of-
battle ships, frigates, sloops-of-war, store and
receiving-ships, also including six new steam
sloops-of-war on the stocks, with two line-of-
battle ships also building, of an aggregate ton-
nage of 134,916. Of the battle-ships there are but
two that could be sent to sea, namely, the Ver-
mont and Ohio, and not without extensive re-
pairs. The remainder all require thorough repair,
at a large cost, and perhaps an alteration to heavy
razee frigates. Of the frigates, there are six in
sea-worthy condition; and of the sloops-of-war, in
sea-worthy condition, there are twenty-one; and
of the brigs, three. The tonnage of these sea-
worthy sailing vessels is 35,839. The tonnage of
our steam navy is 47,067. The total tonnage of
our steam navy and sailing vessels, then, is 82,906.
The tonnage of our Navy in 1816 was 30,000.
The increase, then, in forty-two yeais is 52,906
tons.
The tonnage of all our naval force, including
that of the lakes, m 1816, was 47,000; and in Jan-
uary, 1858, it was 134,916; showing: an ineiease
of total tonnage in forty-two years of 87,916 tonw.
The total tonnage of our commercial marine in
1816, was 850,000; in 185R, it is5,000,000; show-
ing an inciease m forty-two years of 4,156,000
tons.
In 1816, we had seventy-four vessels of al1
classes; and in 1858,wehad seventy-seven; being
an increase of three.
In 1816, a large proportion of the Navy was
not only in efficient condition, but in actual sea-
service duty.
In 1S58, there are in good, sea-worthy condition
forty-eight sail of vessels; six new steam propel-
ler sloops on the stocks and two new steam-pro-
peller frigates—the Franklin and Stevens, war
steamers—making in all fifty-six vessels. In com-
mission, at sea, we have twenty-three vessels.
So that it appears that the total tonnage of the
Navy lias increased since 1816, while, numer-
ically, the Navy stands, with regard to effective
ships, nearly the same.
It will be seen that, independent of any extra-
ordinary reasons foran increase of the naval force,
it is demanded by the great expansion of our com-
mercial marine; and to show the necessity, it is
unnecessary to resort to other arguments. The
bare statement of its condition is in itself an ar-
gument. But it is felt that, o^ing to the proceed-
ings in the Gulf, and the aggressions on our ships
and seamen by the petty Powers of Central Amer-
ica and Mexico and South America, we ought to
have a large force in those seas. When this ne-
cessity was felt, we had no available force but the
Water-Witch, Arctic, and Dolphin, mountingin
all but seven or eight guns. The aggressions re-
cently complained of are upon vessels owned by
the northern States of the Union. It comeswith
ill grace from the Representative of the powerful
State of Pennsylvania to oppose measures for the
protection of the rights of her people and ship-
owners.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I was sorry, Mr. Chair-
man, to hear my colleague oppose the appropri-
ation in this bill, because, independently of any
thing else, it is strikingly in contract with the ac-
tion of the last House of Representatives, ofwhich
he was a prominent and influential member. I
have before me, not only the estimates of this
year, but also those of last year, and I find that
the clausc m last year's bill contained the very
same word, "increase," which seems now to pro-
voke the apprehensions of my colleague. The
estimate then was exactly the same as was then
appropriated—-$2,877,000. That sum was appro-
priated by the House of Representatives, being
§•27,000 more than i& now asked for. _ Every gen-
tleman ought to recognize the necessity of at least
keeping the Navy now up to what it has been in
years past. There may come a time, Mr. Chair-
man, and probably will within a few days, when,
according to the suggestion of the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, this House may be
asked to vote a sum of money for the purpose of
effecting a real increase of the Navy. But when
things wear, at least, a doubtful, if not a threat-
ening aspect, and when no one who cares for the
commerce of the country, or the character of the
country, would want to sec the Navy diminished,
my colleague [Mr. Grow] proposes to strike
$2,000,000 from the appropriation, leaving an in-
significant, trifling, and nominal appropriation.
I regiet, quite as much as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] does, that the
objection shouhl have come from {^gentleman from
my State—a State which has so much at stake,
as well in commerce as in everything else that is
protected by the Navy of the United States. If
there had been a demand made to increase the
usual appropriation, there might have been some
excuse for my colleague. But the last week, nay,
the last day, might have suggested to some gen-
tleman the propriety of authorizing the officers of
the Government, at their discretion, to use an in-
creased amount. The amount estimated for is
but the amount required in time of peace—an
amount required to equip our Navy, so as that it
may deserve the name of a navy. It is not to in-
crease our Navy, though, if half what we hear
be true, we may be required very shortly to in-
crease it. I am sorry that any of my colleagues,
members from a State which derives so much ma-
terial aid and benefit from the protection of our
Navy, should rise in his place and ask to strike
out what is vntually the entire appropriation, so
as to let our ships go to rot. What will be our
Navy without ships in proper equipment and ro-
pan ? A few years since, officers were dismissed
because they had nothing to do, owing to the di-
lapidated state of the Navy. Then they wanted
to do without men, and now it is sought to do
without ships. I hope his amendment will be
voted down, and that a sum corresponding to that
demanded by the Secretary of the Navy will be
appropriated.
Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw mv amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I offer the follo'wing amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the twenty-first line:
Prowled, That in case any per.-on, while engaged on
boaid of any vessel winch may he built under the authority
of this act, shall be disabled by wounds or otherwise, while
m the line or' liis duty, and in the service of the United
States, lie shall be entitled a pension, according to tin1
nature or degieeof his disability, to commence from the
date of such disability, and continue dunng his uatuial lite,
oi the con tinuance of hi-? disability; the amount of' said pen-
sion to be regulated aeteoiding to existing pension laws.
That the pensions which have been planted, or winch may
hereai'tei be granted, to officer, non-eommih&ioimlofficer.->,
musicians, privates, artificers, iai«<rer«, sea-lencible*, vol-
unteers, expiess-nden, seamen, marines, pilot*, engineers,
fiiemen and coal-heavers, and other petrous, in tjje laud oi
naval seivicc of the United Status, disabled by wounds or
other injuries received while in the line of their dutj. sdiall
be considered to commence from the tune of their being so
disabled ; and the amount of pen-ion to winch said orlieeis,
non eommissioned*otl)eeis, musician^, privates, arfiiteer*,
rawreis, sea-fencibles, volunteers, expies?>-iider.-, seamen
oi marine*, pilots, en^meeis, firemen and coai-heavei^ and
other peisons, nia> be entitled, shall be legulatrd aecordius;
toovisfing law* in telafion ro the pay of invalid pensioners:
Provided, That the amount ot pension which any persons
abovenarned have received shall tn-t be deducted from the
pension to which lio is entitled undei tin-' act. Th.it m
ca-sc of the death ol any officer, non-commissioned otncei,
musician, pnvate, amficer, volunteer, express-ruler, m\v
fertcible, pilot, .seaman, marine, eu'.Miieei, uieniau or e ,d-
heaver, or otiiei person, mentioned in the fiisl section of
this act, hefoie or after the pissaL'e theieof. the amount
which may be due to suc'« person under the {wovirions or
this net shMl be paid lo Ins widow ; and in c>i-e ot her death,
to his suivivmg child or cluldien ; and if none then to the
next of kin ot tiie persons piovnied lor by the lirat section
ot this act.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to u point uf
oiJer. This amendment proposes general legis-
lation.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Chairman, it appears to
me m order and entirely just, while we are pre-
paring for the general defense, by extending our
fortifications and increasing our Navy, to provide
for those gallant men whariiave hitherto, in time
of our country's greatest peril, defended its ilag
and maintained its honor.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order under existing taws.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To pay the coiUuieto.i for building ci-stcnis, Greeting por-
ticoes to commandant's house and officers' quarters, to com-
plete porticoes on mens3 quarters, pavement and cutb for
commandant's house and officers' quarteis, at marine bar-
racks, Pensacola, Florida, so as to fully complete said ma-
rine gariison, §16,80>\
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is that in accord-
ance with existing laws?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; the last Congress
provided for the building of marine barracks at
Pensacola, Florida. This is to complete the work.
I understand thatestimatesforthc work have been
sent to the Navy Department. It can be done
much cheaper by the present contractor than in
any other way; and I think it politic for the amend-
ment to be adopted, and the money to be appro-
priated now. I have got no interest in the matter,
but I think it is right in itself, and ought to be
voted in.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that the better
plan would be to get the estimates which are said*
to be at the Navy Department before we under-
take to act upon them. It may very well follow *
that the Navy Department did not think it a mat-
ter of much interest, and therefore did not trans-
mit the estimates here.
Mr. SEWARD. I have seen the communica-
tion of the gentleman having charge of the navy-
yard at Pensacola; but I am not one of those who
like to write private letters to the Departments. I
think when the Piesident of the United States,
sends his annual message to Congress, it is all
that we have a right to attend to. Therefore, I
did not put myself to the trouble of calling on the
Department for information. I know this is right,
and ought to be voted in.
Mr. LETCHER. Well; but it strikes me that
it is the duty of the Secretary of the Navy, if such
an appropriation as this is necessary, not to wait
to be applied to for a letter on the subject.
Mr. W INSLOW. I understand that these es-
timates were furnished by the Navy Department
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe that is so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer an amend-
ment, in the clause providing for the Boston navy-
yard, after the word " rope-walk," insert the
words " machine shop and for," so that it will
read:
For lesftrvons, boiler-house, chimney and boilers at rope-
walk m«iohine-?-hop, and for altering tar-kettles, machintiy
and bobbins for iope walk, maehmeiy for machine-shop ami
foundeiv, extension of dry-dock, and repairs of all kind*,
$\>uJ,f>oo.
That does not increase the appropriation, but
merely directs how a portion of it shall be applied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I offer an
amendment, in the clause m relation to the New
York navy-yard, after the word ii yard," insert
the words " and filling in the new purchase," and
strike out " $969,516," and insert m lieu thereof,
" $320,166;" so that it will read:
For boiler-hou*e and setting boileis, water pipes, drains,
quay wall, sewer extended to quav wall, boiler to dredgei,
limber h^Mti, icpaus of o«ikum-fhop. filling ponds in yard,
liihnt; in the new pineha-e, dred! n>^ channel and heow*,
piling cite toi mauiiv b Miaek>. maehmeiy for machine-^ hop,
boilei-shop, mhv insll, lounderv, mnnher}, and brass found-
eiy, and re puns of all kind-, $UiOylub.
Mr. LEITER. I object to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. If the gentle-
man from Ohio will listen to me for a few mo-
ments, he will not object, I am certain. The
amendment adds $50,630 to the appropriation al-
ready in the bill for filling in the new purchase,
which is indispensably necessaiy. The appropri-
ation is recommended by the Department, and is
accepted by the Committee of Ways and Means.
The gentleman will find the recommendation m
the book of estimates, page 233; and this is the
precise amount recommended by the bureau.
The appropriation is necessary on the score of
economy. Dirt for the filling in can now be had
at a moderate puce; but if the Government per-
mits that which it can now get to be sold to pri-
vate individuals, it will cost them at least one third,
and pel haps one half, more hereafter. There is
a scarcity of waste dirt for building purposes in
the neighborhood. About half a mile from th<i
place inquired to be filled in there is now a suf-
ficient quantity of dirt for the purpose, but it is
being exhausted every year by pnvate individ-
uals; and unless the Government takes it up now,
