1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOS
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. COVODE. I move that the number of the
committee be made nine, instead of thirteen. It
is well known that a similar committee of thirteen
wasappointed during the last Congress. A smaller
committee may be morecfficientin transacting this
important business. The President has recom-
mended in his annual message, and has pledged
himself to this Pacific raiL*oad policy. In my
opinion, the Government cannot do much longer
without such a railroad. The Mormon question
is to be tested, which will demonstrate to this
country the necessity of communication with the
interior and with the Pacific ocean by rail. If we
had had a Pacific railroad, or roads, by the way
of Salt Lake valley, we should have had no diffi-
culty with this Mormon question. It may now
cost the Government more to subdue the rebellion
in thatTerntory than would build the entire road.
There is another consideration, sir. We may
have difficulties upon the Pacific coast. The time
is not very remote when our people upon thot
coast will be able to better themselves, if weafFoid
them no reasonable accommodations. They have
already threatened that unless we carry out our
pledges to them, in good faith, we cannot expect
to retain connection with them. Suppose, too,
the Pacific coast should be invaded: could this
Government repel an invasion there at less ex-
pense than it would cost to build two or three
railroads ? Suppose a rebellion should break out
upon that coast: could our Government subdue it
for what it would cost to build a railroad ? And
does any person suppose for a moment, that, if we
wereprovided with such a communication with the
Pacific, there would be any difficulty of that kind.
The President's message has been published in
London, and commented upon by the press. The
Morning Post notices it in regard to a railroad to
the Pacific across our territory. They have taken
up the subject m England, and they are in favor
of building a railroad* to the Pacific through then-
own territory, north of ours. It is admitted by
the writer in the Morning Post, that as soon as
the road is constiucted, it will be the great high-
way from England to China, and they do not
want us to get the entire control of it. Therefore
they are moving in England in favor of a railroad j
through their own territory. This writer says: I
" Itmu«t he obvious to the most superficinl understanding
that the opening of any intei oceanic hue tluougli the tein-
tory of the United Slates would cffcct as gre:u a revolution
in the trade of thf woikl as that winch was In ought about hy
the discovery of the Cape of Good Hope route to India and to
otlici counuies in the Ka.-t. The trade of Chum, Japan, and
ofiogion:> corn pat ativcly unknown, would be impelled to the
Pacific terminus ot thoiailroad, whence it would be earned
to the great Atlantic potts, to he alterwards distubuted ovei
America and Europe. Horn; Kong, Shanghai-. Canton, and
other maits of Chinese trade, would be bioujrbt by Men>n
within a lew days'di&taneeot the great Ameiieanenmonum
which would &pung upon the coast of the Pacific. If a
facility of this kind existed, tite ino-t impoitant and lucra-
tive tiade in the world would fall into the hands of the peo-
ple of the United Status, and the long voyages round the
Cape, or the Horn, would rarely be undertaken lor any pur-
pose of commcieial gam."
I am aware that the report of the minority of
the committee appointed by the last Congress
upon this measure was unfavorable to it, and it
has carricd abroad the impression that the route
is not practicable. Hut the surveys made and re-
ported, and recent surveys made which have not
been reported, I have been informed, would sat-
isfy any gentleman experienced in building rail-
roads, that a road by the valley of the Platte is
perfectly practicable. I am m favor of the south-
ern route, also; but it is by the route of the val-
ley of the Platte that the Government is to be en-
abled to e.ontiol this rebellion in the interior.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I think this
question is of too much importance to be disposed
of by a few minutes debate. But as it is the de-
sire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to get a vote upon the resolutions, and
thus commit the President's message to the vari-
ous committees, I will not insist upon u more
extended debate. I rise, therefore, barely to say
that I agree fully with the gentleman from Mis-
souri, in the importance of this matter. 1 believe
we ought to have a select committee, and that that
select committee should be composed of the first
men nt this body.and at the same time, I disagree
with the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,]
in supposing that it is not necessary, in forming
a committee upon this subject, to distinguish that
committee by selecting the ablest men in our body.
It has already become a common remark, that
when a natter of great importance is committed
• to some of our committees, it sleeps there—that
; they have not the time to devote to it. As re-
| marked by the gentleman from California, none
j of the standing committees of this House could
I possibly examine the various reports made upon
j these various loutes.
I I agree with the President, not only that we
j1 have the power, but that it is our duty, to con-
1 struct the load from our western States to the Pa-
j cificTci ritorics. And 1 further say, that we would
i save the entire expense of that road in our present
conflict with the Mormons m Utah. It is there-
fore a matter of economy, and not only one within
the strict letter of the Constitution, but one which
. duty to our Territories and to our entire country
' demands. Without reference to any of the routes,
north or south, or to the middle route, I say this
is a measure which will do more to check the fili-
bustering spirit of which we have heard so much
for two or three days, than anything else. We
have already expended vast sums in protecting
the isthmus louto, while we have been neglecting
our own inland route. The subject, therefore, is
of vast importance; and I hope the committee will
not overlook us importance, and will allow us a
committee of thirteen, who may thoroughly in-
vestigate and report upon it to the country.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the committee rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Seward and
J. Glancy Jones weie apjioinied.
The committee divided,and the tellers reported
— ayes 94, noes 36.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Pocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had hud under consideiation the Union generally,
and particularly the President's annual message,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
i\lr. COX called for theyeasand nays, butafter-
wards wthdrcw the call.
Mr. DE WART. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nay3 were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 135; as follows:
YEAS — Anderson, Rmhtifrome, C'nsdoe, Button
Ciai'je, Davi> ot Maryland, Mdmund.-o.i, l-'aulkiuv, Flor-
ence, Kettt, Landv, Lotchet. Maclay, Mason, titles', Phil-
lips, Uudin, Mile* T<i\lor, EiiiUti 13. YVa hbume, and
White—19
NAVS—Me-srs. Abbott, Adram, Ah), Aveiy, Baik=dale,
Bennett, Bilhnirhu^t, lim-zham, Blan, L>hs-,Boeock, Howie,
Biavton. Biynn, Bufftmoti. Burnett, Burns, Buiiough-,
C'a<e,ChatVee.Ezia(Jiaik. Hoiace F. Clark. .John B. Clatk,
Claw-son, Clay, Clemens Cobb. Clatk B. Coehiane, Joim
Cochrane, Coekeull, Cohax, Coming Corning, Covode,
Co\,Cuny, Cntt-s, f)avm of Davn of Iowa,
Dawes. D-an. Dewaif. I>n-k. Dodd, Dovvdeil. Duifee, En<r-
li*h, Eu-us, Fain>\vo!!h, Foley, Foster. Giuneit, Giddius.™,
Gihn.ni, Goodwin, Gteenwood, Oiejri^ Gioe&bcck. Grow,
Robott B. Hall, Flatlan, llateh. lloaul, llopkin-, Iloiton,
Houston, llowaid, Hushes Jackson. Jenkins Gcoi<ie VV.
Jones Glanev Jones, KHlojig, Kelly, Ke!>ev, Kil^oie,
Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkcl, Lamar, Leach, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Marshall, May-
nurd, Millson. Montzont^ry, Moigan, "YJoiiiil, ISchvaid Joy
Moms, Freeman II. M<M-*e", Oliver A. Mor-e, Mott, Murray,
Niblaek. Oitn. Palmer, Pendleton, Perm, Peyton, Phelps,
Potter, Pottle, Puivianee, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Iteilly,
Ricaud, Uobbius. Kobetts, Royce, Russell, Scales. Scott,
Heuty M. Shaw. Jud-on \V. Sherman, Simrleton, Wdham
Smith, Stall wot th, Stanton, Stevenson, James A Steuait,
George Taylor, Thompson. Tompkins, Tnppp, Walton,
Wrttd, C.idwalader C. VVashbutne, Israel Waslibuin,
Wluteley, WiUon, and Wouendyko—135.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Pendmir the call,
Mr. TRIPPE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hill, had been confined to his room by sickness
for the last few days.
Mr. MORGAN' said: I am requested to an-
nounce that my colleague, Mr. Spinner, was sum-
moned home this morning- by the death of a mem-
ber of his family. 1 will also state that another
colleague, Mr. Parker, is still confined at home
by the severe illness'of his wife.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Fen'tox was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
And then, on motion of Mr. J. GLANCY
JONES, the House (at twenty minutes past four
o'clock) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 15, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. George D. Cummins, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have the Jour-
nal corrected in regard to the reference of the
papers in thccas'of John C. Rives. They should
nave been referred to the regular committee of the
House, and not to the select committee.
The correction was made.
NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up a joint resolution which
came here several days ago from the Senate, en-
titled " A resolution to extend the operation of
tlie act approved January 16, 1857, entitled ' An
act to amend an act entitled " An act to promote
the efficiency of the Navy.' " If gentlemen on
the other side of the House, or on this side of the
House, will allow me a word or two in explana-
tion of the resolution, I think there will not be
any objection made to it from any quarter.
I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that this is not the
resolution that was passed by the Senate and setft
to the House yesterday, authorizing the President
of the United States, without the action of courts
of inquiry, to nominate any of these dropped offi-
cers for restoration to the active list. That will bs
considered hereafter; and when I get an opportu-
nity 1 will make a motion to have it referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. This is a different
resolution. This is one that was passed several
days ago, and sent to this House. The whole
effect of it is this: an act was passed at the last
session of Congress, authorizing officers of the
Navy who had been affected by the naval retiring
board, to apply within one year to a court of in-
quiry and have their cases examined on the ques-
tion of their moral, physical, intellectual, and pro-
fessional fitness. And the action of such courts
of inquiry, when approved by the President, was
to be the ground on which the President might
nominate any such men for restoration to the
active-service list. JLSut alI such restorations were
to take place within one year, and not after.
Now we do not know what is going on in secret
session in the Senate. Not only is it not parlia-
mentary to speak of it here, but it is not admis-
sible that any member of the Senate should inform
us of what was going on in secret session. But
this we know—that the courts have acted on the
cases of a great many officers; the President has
made nominations to the Senate; and these nom-
inations have not been acted on by the Senate.
Now, it is fair to presume that the Committee on
Naval Affairs in the Senate are considering the
action of tile courts of inquiry in these cas^s.
This is the last day upon which anything can
be done, under the act of last session. Unless this
joint resolution be passed, all the cases that have
been acted upon by the courts, and have been sent
to the Senate, and are under consideration by the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the Senate, will be
cut off fi om any chance of restoration. The Pres-
ident will be unable, under the act of last session,
to restore any man that may have been recom-
mended for restoration to ihe active list.
That act was approved the 17 th day of January,
1857. Its whole operation was limited to the time
of one year. To-morrow the yearexpires. There-
fore I say, that unless this joint resolution be
passed to-day, everything that has been done by
these courts of inquiry, and that has not been ex-
amined by the Senate committee, and acted upon
by the Sonata itself, will fall utterly ineffective and
inoperative. I therefore ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that this joint resolution be now
taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wouid inquire
if this is before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Virginia-{Mr. Bocock] if
this ts the resolution to which the Senate adopted
an amendment, on the motion of the Senatoi from
Virginia r
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; it is not. I am very
glad to answer that question ; and if anybody else
has any difficulty in regard to the subject, 1 shall
be vefy glad to answer him. This is not that res-
olution.
