1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
LEGISLATIVE, &c., APPROPRIATION BILL.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Thursday, May 13,1858.
The Senate having passed the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, and
having proceeded to consider the bill to repeal the
laws allowing bounties to vessels engaged in the
cod fisheries, on which Mr. Harlan was speak-
ing,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if the Sen-
atorfrom Iowa will yield me the floor, I desire to
make a motion to reconsider the vote on the ap-
propriation bill which has just been passed. I
do so for this reason: on examiningthe bill, I find
that there is an appropriation made in relation to
the reporters of the House of Representatives,
and no appropriation made in relation to the re-
porters of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator, if
he wishes to move on that subject, he had better
wait until the miscellaneous bill comes up, and
move on that. We have got through with this
bill now. He will have another chance when the
miscellaneous bill comes up.
Mr. HARLAN. I give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Does the Senator from Wisconsin insist on the
motion to reconsider?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will enter the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
enter the motion, because we had better go through
with it. I think, though, he had better accept
the suggestion, and wait until the miscellaneous
bill comes up. it cannot be more than ten or
twelve days.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think the matter might
as well be settled now, and put the reporters on
a footing of equality. That is the best mode of
sending the subject to the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that, as the reconsid-
eration is a question which has precedence, it will
be taken up; but I trust the bill will not be recon-
sidered, because, if anybody desires to accomplish
.the purpose of the Senator who moves to recon-
sider, it can be done in the miscellaneous bill. I
I hope the Senate will not reconsider it. We had
better let it go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate reconsider the vote by which they passed the
appropriation bill making appropriations for cer-
tain legislative, executive, and judicial expenses ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so manifestly proper
that our own reporters should be on the same foot-
ing as those of the other House, that it seems to
me this motion ought not to be objected to. We
passed a deficiency bill the other day, by which
we paid the reporters of the House of Represent-
atives an additional compensation. That com-
pensation was not paid to our own reporters; and
if there are any men connected with this Govern-
ment, of whom I have any knowledge, that earn
their money, it is the men who do the reporting
for the Senate. So long as we employ them we
ought to pay them. I know I heard it suggested
on one occasion, by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] that he did not want any report-
ing. Very well; if we adopt that plan, then we
get rid of them; but the Senator from Georgia
does not wish to have them employed, and work
all night without paying them, of course. If he
employs them, he will pay them—no doubt about
that; we all agree to that, the work being done.
Now, I see in this bill an appropriation in these
words:
" For the usual additional compensation to the reporters
for the Congressional Globe for reporting the proceedings of
the House of Representatives for the next regular session of
the Thnty-Filth Cougiess, §800 to each reporter. $4,000,
Certainly, we ought to place the reporters of
the Senate upon the same footing. As I said,
there aie no men connected with the Government,
of whom I have any knowledge, that work so
many hours and perform so much labor—and so
faithfully, too, I will add—as the reporters of the
Senate. 1 have been astonished to see the accu-
racy with which our proceedings are reported. I
think it is improper to suffer an appropriation bill
«f this kind to pass without providing for our own
officers; and I trust the vote by which the bill was
passed will be reconsidered.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Illinois
makes a very strange statement of this case, which
I think must arise entirely from his not having
examined it. He says, if we employ these peo-
ple, we ought to pay them. I say so, too. That
is the case he states. But we do not employ them,
they never have been employed by the Senate of
the United States, or by the House of Represent-
atives. They are not officers of this House—not
one particle more than they are officers of the ex-
ecutive department. We made a contract with
Mr. John C. Rives to report and to publish the
proceedings of the Senate. We first agreed to
pay him for that, $7 50 a column; then we threw
him the binding; and then we gave himacentfor
every five pages, which is fifty percent, more than
his contract price; and there have been two or
three additions to it. We have no more right, and
no more business, to pay his reporters, as we do
not employ them, than we have to pay the men
who set up the types.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Move to strike out the
House reporters.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not up. These bills
are pressed so closely that I have not time to ex-
amine them thoroughly, and I generally have to
rely on the Finance Committee in regard to them;
for no human being can look through all the ap-
propriations of this Government in the time al-
lowed us. We have to rely on our committees.
I had not supposed an abuse of this kind would
have escaped the vigilancc of the Committee on
Finance of the Senate. It ought not to have done
so, because it is paying persons not employed by
the two Houses at all, and that never nave been
employed by the two Houses. You are paying
money that ought to be paid by the man whom
you engage to do this business. You pay about
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year
forthis business to your Public Printerjand then,
under the pretext that these persons are your offi-
cers, you are asked to pay those whom you have
employed him to pay. Is there one man in this
Senate who considers it just and right, or dealing
fairly by the public Treasury ?
I speak nothing of the merits of these men;
they may be the best reporters in the world; they
may be entitled to $8,000, for all I know or care;
but is this job to be given to the Public Printer
any longer ? 1 consider it infamous. That is my
judgment of it. You ought to dismiss your Pub-
lic Printer, or else make him comply with his
contract. Why do you not go and pay his print-
ers? They work at night, too. Why do you not
pay other people ? Why should you pay the em-
ployes of a person whom you employ? You might
just as well, when you employ a man to build an
extension to your Patent Office and Post Office,
go and pay every one of his workmen. You are
to pay these men because they happen to have ac-
cess to Senators, and probably write out speeches
for them, and do little jobs or that sort for those
who are u liable or unfit to do it themselves. These
poor devils who go along here and work for #1 50
a day, and are at work on the public buildings,
are employes of your employe—and they are
doing your work as much as these people. Is not
Mr. Rives's compensation enough? It is nearly
twice as much as you first employed him at; throw-
ing in the binding, certainly fifty per cent. more.
You gave him, at first, $7 50 a column, and have in-
creased it one cent for every five pages; and you
have added to the number of copies allowed each
Senator from twelve to ninety-three, to give an ad-
ditional profit. You have made three specific de-
partures from the original contract, giving great
and permanentadditions to if; and he now calls on
you to pay the workmen that he undertook to pay
himself, and for which you appropriate to him in
this very appropriation bill. They are notour
workmen.
Mr. SEWARD. It strikes me that the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Georgia is a
very effective argument in favor of this motion,
which, as I understand, is to reconsider the ap-
propriation bill which we have just passed. The
object, to be sure, of the mover of the proceeding
for reconsideration, is that he may procure to be
inserted in this bill an appropriation to pay the
reporters of the Senate, so that they shall stand
enjoying the same compensation which the bill
gives to the reporters of the House of Represent-
atives. The honorable Senator from Georgia
argues that the compensation given by the bill to
the reporters of the House of Representatives, and
proposed to be given here, is unjust. If so, the
bill ought certainly to be reconsidered, for the pur-
pose of striking out the appropriation which has
been wrongfully made. If the Senator who moves
the reconsideration is right, then the bill ought
to be reconsidered, for the purpose of making a
right appropriation for the reporters of the Sen-
ate. I hope we may have the question; and I do
not know whether there will ever be a more ap-
propriate time to consider this question than now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say a word. This matter escaped my
attention before the bill passed. The chairman
of the Finance Committee will recollect that when
we went over the bill in committee, the first time,
we marked this item for consideration afterwards;
but I do not remember that it was called up af-
terwards at all. I know that at the time the bill
was before the committee, and we were reading it
over, I proposed to amend the bill as proposed
now by the gentleman who has moved the recon-
sideration, for the purpose of putting in the re-
porters of the Senate. It is certainly nothing more
than reasonable that it should be don?. As sug-
gested by the Senator from New York, if this
appropriation ought not to be made at all, the
Finance Committee should have stricken out the
clause for the House reporters There are four
in the Senate—I understand that is the number—
and the reason why it was not considered at first
in committee, was that we did not know what the
exact number of reporters was in the Senate, and
it was postponed for the purpose of ascertaining;
and, if I recollect aright, the chairman was him-
self to ascertain what the number was before we
acted upon it. I understood it so. If not, at any
rate, I undertook to ascertain; but when the bill
came up the second time it escaped my notice,
for the reason that my copy of the hill, on the
margin of which I had made some memoranda,
was lost, in some way or other. As I before said,
and as was suggested by the Senator from New
York, either this clause ought to be stricken out,
as it stands in the bill, or else we ought to put in
something for our own reporters.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am for the reconsideration to
strike that out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I have only to say
in addition, that I have myself come to the con-
clusion, on examination of the subject, that we
ought to pay our reporters, under the circum-
stances, the sum which they have asked for, and
which we have, paid heretofore; and I shall vote
for it if I have an opportunity to do so. I be-
lieve they had no pay from us for the last session,
while the reporters of the House had their $800
apiece. If they did not get it then, we provided
for it in the deficiency bill at this session; and
when the deficiency bill was up, it was suggested,
as a reason for not putting on our reporters at that
time, thatsoon the appropriation bill would come
up, on which they had been usually placed. We
then passed it over, to be considered at some fu-
tuie period. If the appropriation for the House
reporters had not been put into this bill, I would
not move to put the Senate reporters in this bill,
but let it go to the omnibus bill finally. I think
now it should come in here; we should either
strike the House reporters out or put in ours—
put them on an equality.
Mr. MASON. If we are to have the debates
of the Senate reported at all, it is certainly a mat-
ter interesting to the Senate, and to the country,
that they should he reported accurately. I recol-
lect that amongst the first measures of interest pre-
sented, when I came into the Senate, now some
years ago, was a proposition, that was then new
for the Senate, to appropriate for a corps of re-
porters. My opinions, at that time, were adverse
to it. I thought it was a matter that should be
left altogether to private enteiprise, to the news-
papers who were to diffuse the reports, and that
it would be an improvident and unnecessary in-
terference with pnvate enterprise for the Senate
to take part in the matter at all. But it was done;
a contract was made for reporting upon certain
terms—I do not remember what. That contract
