1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
plea of the defendant is sufficient in law to show that this
court oaght not to hold jurisdiction of the said impeach-
ment, and that the said impeachment is dismissed."
I mention this case—the case of Blount—be-
cause it involves the powers of the House of Rep-
resentatives and of the Senate. The position taken
was, that the term " civil officers'* did not apply
to Senators and Representatives, but simply to
the President, Vice President, and judicial offi-
cers. This question was discussed with great
ability in the Senate by Mr. Dallas, who was the
counsel for the defendant. I propose to read what
he said on that subject:
"The Constitution declares, that e the House of Repre-
sentatives shall have the sole power of impeachmentand
that t the Senate shall have the sole power to try all im-
peachments.' Hence, it has been urged that as there is no
description of the offenders or the offenses in the Constitu-
tion itself, where the power is vested, every offender and
every offense, impeachable according to the common law
of England, must be deemed impeachable here; and it is
alleged that the common law power of Impeachment ex-
lends to every crime or misdemeanor that can be committed
by any subject, in or oat of office. But Mr. Dallas insisted
that this doctrine is contrary to the principles of our Federal
compact; that it is contrary to the general policy of the law
Of impeachments; and that it is contrary to a fair construc-
tion of the very terms of the Constitution.
3. That the doctrine is contrary to the principles of our
Federal compact, he deduced from the design with which
the Government of the United Slates was established": For,
although it ism some of its features federal, in others it is.
consolidated; in some of its operations it affects the people
as individuals, in others it applies to them in the aggregate
as States; yet, in every view, all the powers and attributes
of the National Government are matter of express and pos-
tive grant and transfer; ivhatever is not expressly granted or
transferred, must be deemed to remain with the people, or
with the respective States ;and as tbe motive for establishing
the Federal Constitution arose from the want of a competent
national authority in cases in which it was essential for the
people inhabiting the different States to act as a nation, so ]
far the people gave power to the Federal Government."
* * * * **• * * * * ;
<c Mr. Dallas repeated, that from a just consideration of the ;
principles of our Government, it was thus manifest that the •
moment there was a departure from the immediate choice '
of the people, the law ofimpeachment became necessary to
secure them from the favoritism or perversenes? of the Ex- ,
ecutive Magistrate. Impeachment, he observed, is, with :
respect to executive and judicial officers, what expulsion ,
is with respect to the members of the Legislature. As ex- !
pulsion enables the people to decide whether they will re- ■
store the evicted member to their service, a conviction on  
impeachment enables the representatives of the people to i
decide whether the delinquent shall be partially or totally
excluded from the honors and emoluments of public office.
But the very circum.-tance of declaring that a pardon shall
not avail in cases of impeachment, though a reelection shall '
avail in cases of expulsion, demonstrates (as was before in- >
timated) that the people did not mean to guard against the .
exereise of their own sovereignty, but again.n an abuse of
the power delegated to their agent. Nor is there any legal ,
force in the objection that a Senator or Representative, con- :
vieted upon impeachment, should be rendered ineligible; '
for the people are the best judges to whom they ought to
confide their interests."
Now, ibe point I wantto impress on the House
is that the action of the House of Representatives
in regard to the case of Mattesor, as proposed in j
the resolution referred to the committee, would
be undertaking on their part to limit and restrict
the sovereign people in the choice of their Rep-
resentatives, and to show that nothing short of
an impeachment in this country of such officers
as are contemplated by the Constitution of the
United States can work a perpetual disqualifica- !
tion of a member of the House of Representatives j
or of the Senate. It has been decided already, by
the Senate of the United States, that an impeach- j
ment cannot lie against a Senator or Representa- i
live; that the term " civil officers"in theConsti- ;
tution was intended only to apply tothe President, :
the Yiee President, the judicial officers of the '
Government, and the appointees by the President
under the Constitution of the United States. j
Now, Mr. Speaker, the powers of the House ;
and of the Senate over the members of either j
House only extends to the right of expulsion for .
disorderly conduct, and that cannot be understood !
as working a permanent disqualification of a mem- j
ber. I ask any gentleman here, whether the I
framers of the Constitution intended that the ex- j
pulsion of a member of either branch of the na- ;
tional Legislature involved a crime so odious as
to work a personal and perpetual disqualification? ;
Then, sir, in this case which we are consider- i
ing, no expulsion ever took place. Itis true, that 1
the House of Representatives gave a vote of cen- '
sure against the member, but,prior to any action
being had on the resolution to expel, he resigned
his seat as amemberof this House. The resolu-
tion was then laid upon the table. Now, we are
called upon to expel the member on a vote of cen-
sure given during the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
and to extendthe punishment to the fullest ex-
tent known, to the Constitution. I should like
some gentleman who may hold opinions adverse
to my own to "show me where the House, from
some authority, the Constitution or the law, pos-
sesses the power to make the action of the last
House the reason for affixing a continued disqual-
ification ? Show me where the House derives this
power?
I argue that the Thirty-Fourth Congress had
the whole jurisdiction of this question, either to
have censured or to have expelled Mr. Matteson.
If this House has the right to declare the vote of
censure of last Congress to be a disqualification,
the House of the Thirtt- Fourth Congress could
have declared and affixed a disqualification to him
by which his constituents would have been noti-
fied, and been enabled to resume the power to
choose a Representative on this floor. It is evi-
dent that the Constitution never contemplated any
such thing, from the fact that our elections take
place every two years, while the House of Rep-
resentatives possesses ample power to take juris-
diction over a member of the House then in ses-
sion, to censure or punish him, yet it was never
designed that a subsequent Congress could revive
the same charges, assume jurisdiction, and pro-
nounce judgment. A similar question arose in
1795. The Legislature of Kentucky preferred
charges before the Senate of the United States
against a gentleman by the name of Marshall,
then a Senator from that State, alleging that he
was guilty of peijury. The memorial was for-
warded by the Governor of Kentucky, for the pur-
pose of havingthematterinvesiigated. Mr. Mar-
shall himself demanded an investigation, doing
away with all constitutional impediments. The
charge was that he committed perjury in answer
to a bill in chancery in a case then in Kentucky.
When the case came up in the Senate, a commit-
tee was appointed, and it decided against the juris-
diction. (American State Papers, Miscellaneous,
X44.) The report of the committee, made in 1796,
concludes as follows:
<•' And they are also of opinion that, as the Constitution
does not give jurisdiction to tile Senate, the consent of the
parry cannot gne it, and therefore the said memorial ought
to be dismissed."
I have read that, Mr. Speaker, because I know
that gentlemen in this House belieje that they
have absolute power. If a man has a bad moral
character, if he has committed a crime, if he has
subjected himself to liabilities under any of the
penal statutes in this country, so that his presence
becomes odious, and they do not want to make a
companion of him, they think that they have a
right, by force of numbers, to expel him and rid
the House of a man they conceive to be socially '
not their equal.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will ask
the gentleman whether a legislative body has not 1
thifrightto protect itself against contact with one
whose charactcr, by universal consent, not by the
opinion of one or two men, but by universal con-
sent, is infamous? For instance, would we not :
have the right to protect oucselves from contact ■
with a man who had been committed to the pen-
itentiary for a high crime and misdemeanor?
Mr. SEWARD. The Constitution confers
upon us certain powers, and those powers are ;
limited. It is a question for the people to determ- ■
ine, and whenever this House undertakes to con- ]
trol and limit the sovereignty of the people of any j
congressionaldistrictof the United Slates, we may I
commit as great evils as were committed m the j
British Parliament in 1642, which, in two months, ;
expelled forty-two members upon the theory of j
the gentleman from North Carolina. I put it to <
the gentleman from North Carolina as a State- j
rights man, and I wish him to answer it, whether !
this House has any powers beyond that delegated ]
by the people of the States when they framed the I
Constitution? And if they did not delegate this
power to determine the moral qualifications of its
members, I ask whether it does not apply to the '
people ? ;
Mr. CRAIGE,of North Carolina. I think that*
every legislative body has the right to protect itself:
against contact with scoundrelism; and whenever j
a man's charactcr isso infamous that ail mankind,!
by universal consent, affix that stain upon iii-m, ;
has not this or any legislative body the right to ,
protect itself from contact with him ?
Mr. SEWARD. That is so, if we can fix the ,
standard; but there is such a great diversity of
opinion as to what is necessary to make a gentle-
man. What is the gentleman's standard?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will fix
a standard.
Mr. SEWARD. Give me a legal standard.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. My stand-
ard is this: that when a man by universal consent
has a character because of crimes committed which
is infamous, a character for infamy about which
there is no diversity of opinion among honorable
and high-minded men, then we have the right, I
say, to protect ourselves from contact with such
a man.
Mr. SEWARD. I am neither the prosecutor
nor the defender of Mr. MATfESON. The law
defines infamous crimes. I stand here t(Pgive the
law as I understand it, and to speak the truth. I
ask the gentleman from North Carolina to put his
finger upon the proof to show that Mr. Matteson
was interested pecuniarily one cent in this trans-
action.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I have not
examined the facts of the report, but if the gen-
tleman wants my opinion of Mr. Matteson, I
j| will give it. 1 will tell him that Mr. Matteson,
i> by universal consent, is regarded in this House
I! and out of it, as an unfit associate for any man.
jj Itis his character throughout the country, and so
>| decided by the last House.
|! Mr. SEWARD. I will say to the gentleman
ij that, be that as it may, he is not bound outside of
ii this Hall, or outside of the Constitution, to asso-
jj ciate with Mr. Matteson more than any other
ij man. This House neverdid determine in regard
:l to the motion to expel Matteson upon the ori-
ginal question as presented.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It was so
reported, any way.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; there was neither a
report that way, nor a resolution that way. I
know it is generally asserted here that Matteson
did commit bribery—he did enough, God knows
' —but the record does not show that he commit-
ted bribery, or that he was bribed. One of the
: j charges against the gentleman was, that he libeled
ii this House. Well, sir, if he did I am not disposed
j! to say, even in that case, that you could expel a
11 member; for I hold that a libel upon the House of
h Representatives is an indictable offense, just as
|j much as-a libel against an individual. Heisliable
jj to the criminal law, precisely as was the individ-
N u,alin the case of Marshall, in 1795, to the criminal
|. courts, and not to this tribunal.
■ j I have authority upon that subject, and while I
ii refer to that, I beg to call the attention ofthegen-
! tleman who made the minority report to the fact
' that he is inaccurate in regard to the Wilkes case
i decided by the British House of Commons. The
' gentleman who made the minority report says:
1 j "In 1764, Wilkes was expelled from Parliament for being
i * the author of a libel,' and many cases are cited to support
, the decision. Again, in i <68, h«wa« p spelled for the sameli-
( bel. So far, this a case m point He was expelled because
of the eomixm-ion of a crime: and wa--, therefore, as the
writersays,4 disabled and iucap.ible to a* a member.' In
; 1769, Wilkes having defeated an opposing member, the
' House resolved that lie was incapable of sitting m thatPar-
i Hainant, simply on the*) oitn-loj hh hnvmgbecn cxpelled/roiix
• the House. It was tiiis last resolution of 1769, that, in 1783,
i was expunged from the Journals as being subversive of the
j rights of electors, and not the action of Parliament in 1764
5 and 1768. The case, therefore, supports the text of Mr.
| Blackstone, showing that a crime of hl><>| wis ground of ex-
j pulsion, but that a former expuhion is not a ground of ex-
! pulsion."
'* Well, now, that is the case here, ft is true that
i Matteson was not expelled from the Thirty-
I Fourth Congress, but acting upon the presump-
i tion that he was expelled, according to thegentle-
i man's own authority, the former expulsion is not
I ground for his being expelled from this House,
j Again, the gentleman has fallen into the mis-
| take of saying there was but one libel in the case
- of Wilkes, whereas there were two. I have
| searched all the authorities I could find upon that
case, and I say, that the British House of Com-
mons came to the conclusion that the expulsion
of Wilkes was a violation of the rights of the
electors of the kingdom. But it is said that if
Matteson had been elected since the action of the
last House, and since the publication of the letter
which was one of the grounds of complaint, then
the House would have lost its jurisdiction. Now,
I ask the gentleman from Iowa to tell me, if a
former expulsion is not a ground for a subsequent
expulsion, what th<r decision of a people has to
