THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 20.
tion is to be had on it for the purpose of govern-
ing it in its proceedings. If the House is to act
on the testimony given before that committee,
then it becomcs the imperative duty of the com-
mittee, if any member or officer of the House is
charged, to give notice to the party so charged of
what the evidence is, and to give him an oppor-
tunity of bringing evidence for the purpose of ex-
culpating himself from the charge.
Now, sir, I do not believe that any committee
of this House can properly combine the functions
of a grand and petit jury; for, sir, if the committee
charged with the investigation is to inquire gen-
erally whethercrimesana offenses have been com-
mitted, is compelled to give notice to the parties
charged, whenever testimony is brought before the
committee implicating them, it is at once to give
notice to those parties, and to other parties, what
line of investigation the committee is pursuing,
and to put them upon the quivive, if you phase,
for the purpose of preventing a successful termin-
ation of the labors of the committee. They will
operate out of doors to counteract the proceedings
of the committee, and use influences to prevent ,
the committee from getting the testimony neces-
sary for the fullest and most effectual mvestiga- '
tion. It is indispensable to the successful prose-
cution of an inquiry of this kind, where no poison
is specifically charged, that the pioceedmgs of the
committee originally instituted to investigate it
should be kept secret. The committee ought to
have the privilege of going into their room, of
locking their door, and preventing the world f>-om
knowing who is implicated by the testimony which
is submitted to them, so that they may (hereby
prevent outside influences from operating to pie-
vent them from prosecuting their labois to a suc-
cessful issue.
I think it is important that this committee should
know, before it enters upon the discharge of its
duties, whether it is the intention of the House
to act upon the testimony taken by u, and to cen-
sure, expel, or punish, in whatever manner it may
sec proper,any person who may be charged; be-
cause, upon that would depend, essentially, the
course the committee would take in the prosecu-
tion of their investigation.
I am perfectly aware that there is no precedent
for the course of proceeding I propose, and 1 am
also awaie that tlu-ie is no precedent agamxt it,
exempt m the investigation had before the la*t
House of Representatives. Sir, there has been
no other investigation before the American Con-
gress predicated upon a general charge, without
naming the person who is to be affected by the
charge. In that consists the difference between
this and the other charges heretofore made, and
tried before the House. Where a resolution
charges a member or officer of the House, by
name, there- is no difficulty in the course of pro-
ceeding. There the resolution adopted by the j
House stands for an indictment, and the com-
mittee appointed for the purpose of investiga-
ting that charge, performs the functions of a petit
jury, and the person charged, of course, has the
right to notice of all times and places of meetings
of the committee, to be present to hear the testi-
mony against him, and to have process to compel
the attendance of witnesses in his favor, and the
privilege of cross-examination. There is, there-
fore, no difficulty in a ease where a member is
named in the resolution. But there is no instance,
except that of the last Congress, where a geneial
resolution was introduced, based upon rumors
that affected the whole body without miming any
individual, wheie the member has been dealt with
upon the testimony taken before such a committee.
I regard it a matter of very great importance,
as a mere matter of precedent, that this question
should be settled rightly. I claim that the pro-
ceed i ngs of the committee o f the last Congress can-
not be regarded as setting a precedent, on account
of the peculiar circumstances m which they were
placed. I have no fault to find with the course I
they pursued under the circumstances. They were
appointed near the close of the Congress. No other
coursewaspracticable, withoutdefeating the ends
20
of the investigation. They therefore were com-
pelled, in their deliberations, to combine the func-
tions of a grand and petit jury, to inquire into the
charge, and also to report the testimony, and a
resolution of expulsion.
Sir, that investigation, and the matters con-
nected with it, satisfy me that the peculiar circum-
stances of that case ought not to be brought into
a precedent for the future action of Congress. I
will advert to somo few circumstances to show
how it operated. The committee employed a ste-
nogiapher; they took down the testimony of the
witnesses as it was delivered in the committee;
it was written outby the stenographer; and when
it was written out, the witnesses had the oppor-
tunity of reading the testimony, and, of course,
of correcting it—it was right that it should be so,
and it ought not to be otherwise; but, sir, the
party to bo affected by this testimony was not
present when the oial evidence was given, and
never saw that part of the evidence reduced to
writing, and which was stricken out before it was
submitted to the party charged. He was not fur-
nished with the facilities which oral testimony
would have furnished for the contradiction of
witnesses. It was a matter of necessity. You
recollect difficulties grew up in the progress of
the investigation, m consequence of corrections
being mad*1 in the testimony, it being disclosed
th.it oral testimony had been given before J he com-
mittee which never was submitted to the party
charged with the offense. Now, it is easy to see
that a party may be deeply prejudiced—not having
the witnesses before him, and the testimony taken
m his presence upon which he is to be tried—by
an opportunity being given to the witnesses to
correct their testimony, the party to be affected
by it having no opportunity of knowing what it
is until it has been coriected and all contradic-
tions effaced.
Now, sir, I take it for granted that this House
wili not desire to combine the functions of agiand
and petit jury in one committee. If they do not,
what is to be done5 One of two courses must be
pursued: either the party must be tried at the bar
of the House, and all the testimony taken de novo
orally befoie the whole House; or else the testi-
mony taken by a committee appointed for that
purpose' must be reported to the House, and the
p;uty be tried by the I louse upon that testimony.
1 know it was said at tie' last Congress that the
paity was tried by the llouf-'o, that his tnal was
in the House; but, sir, what lawyer, or what man
of oidinary intelligence, does not know that the
essential part of atrial is the evidence5 How can
it be said that a man is tried before the House
when no witnesses are examined before the House;
when ail the testimony is taken elsewhere; when
he can know nothing of what transpired in the
committee room? I assume, although it may
not be impracticable absolutely to try a party
and to produce the evidence against him at the
bar of the House, yet that it is so exceedingly
inconvenient that it could never be extensively
resorted to. Any other course is in plain viola-
tion of that constitutional provision—a provision
in the Constitution of the United States, as well,
perhaps, as in the constitution of every State in
the Confederacy—that every paily charged with
an offense shall be entitled to be tried, and to have
Ins accusers and the witnesses brought before
him face to face. It will not do for gentlemen
to seek to escape this plain provision by saying
that the Hou^e has no power to inflict any com-
mon-law punishment upon the offender. Why,
sir, the condemnation which this House pro-
nounces upon one of its members is worse than
death. There is no honorable man who would
not rather suffer death than a condemnation for
bribery at the hands of the House of Representa- :
lives of the United States. ]
I submit, therefore, that it is due to any party '
who may be charged, that ho shall have all the
privileges guarantied to the meanest criminal ar-
raigned for the most trivial offense in the lowest
court in any State of the Confederacy. For this
reason, and with a view to enlighten the commit-
tee as to what is to be the further action of the
House, I offer these resolutions.
Mr. WHITELEY. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if this House has the power to
try one of its members, against whom, as a mem-
ber of the last House, there is a charge of corrup-
tion ?
Mr. STANTON. I take itfor granted that this
is one among the numerous questions that may
be considered by this House. I should, however,
strongly inclinc to the opinion that if a member
of the House wero convicted of bribery, he would
be rendered ineligible to hold a seat on this floor.
That is my present impression, and I should be
likely to vote on that impression. Still, I am open
to conviction. At all events,the question is cer-
tainly not so clearly the other way as to justify
this Ilouse in refusing any investigation. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to occupy the at-
tention of the House longer, or to engage in any
general debate; nor have I any desire to prevent
any gentleman who desires to move an amend-
ment to the resolutions, or to resist the adoption
of them altogether from doing so; therefore I do
not demand the previous question, butsubmit the
resolutions to the House.
Mr. BURLINGAME. Inasmuch as the firm
whose transactions are to be inquired into, under
the resolutions that have just been offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, had its chief establishment
in the State which 1, in part, represent, a few
words fioin me may not be deemed inappropri-
ate. As a general rule, Mr. Speaker, 1 would, as
a member of this House, be against taking cog-
nizance of any transaction that did not occur in
the presence of the House or m the presence of
the Senate, or so near them as -to interrupt the
deliberations of Congress. 1 would not, sir, de-
sire to enlarge the powers of this House. I would
not have the House take jurisdiction of matters
which might more properly be taken charge of
and investigated by other tribunals established
under law for the purpose of securing to the citi-
zen of the country his rights. But in this case,
sir, I would depart from this general rule of the
policy which 1 would establish for my own guid-
ance. So many charges have been made—writji
what motives and for what purpose I will not
undertake to intimate—by individuals and by
partisan presses, so many charges of a grave
character have been made, that it seems to me
that the Ilouse will consult its dignity as well as
its honoi, by adopting those resolutions.
Of the chargc found by an investigating com-
mittee, on the books of Lawrence, Stone & Co.,
I know nothing save whatl have seen m the news-
papers. I do not know by whom that charge was
mad'*, or for what purpose it was made. But it
seems to have been found on their books by an
investigating committee.
1 know that that commit tee made no charge, even
by innuendo, against this House, or any mem-
ber of it; but, I say, charges of a grave character
have been made by responsible persons; and be-
cause they have been made, I, for one, speaking
as one of the representatives of Massachusetts,
(and I think I may speak for all of my colleagues,)
welcome that resolution of inquiry and investiga-
tion, and I do hope thatthis matter may be probed
to the bottom, I>ut I take occasion here to say—
and I believe the heart of every member Of the
House will respond to what I say—that I do not
believe that the bands of any member of the House
have been stained by the money of Lawrence,
Stone & Co. I do not wish to deepen or to darken
the cloud that already rests on that house. No, sir;
the name of the senior partner of that house is one
which has stood, and which stands to-day, because
of the noble men who are dead, who have borne it,
and because of the noble men who yeth ve who bear
it—-has stood as the very synonym of mercantile
integrity and honor. That name will Jive perpet-
ually in the history of the great cities which bear
it, east and west, forever and forever. And my
hope is. that this investigation will disclose that
the senior member of that firm has been more
overtaken by misfortune and by folly, than by any
