1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc.Appropriation Bill—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
a single instance, I have never seen the report of
any remarks made by me.
For such labor, I think the present compensa-
tion is inadequate. Can Mi*. Rives, under his
contract, afford to pay more? I think he cannot,
because it' he pays more, he pays it out of his
own pocket. When we entered into the engage-
ment with him, it was on condition that he would
pay s<^ much to his reporters; that the paper
would cost him so much; that the printing would
cost him so much; that the binctyng would cost
him so much; and, therefore, that he would exe-
cute the whole job at a particular price. It is
true, that we have, from time to time, added to
his pay, as the Senator from Georgia says; but it
is equally true that we have, from time to time,
been having1 the work improved. The style of
reporting is better, the style of binding is better,
and if you get a better article you must expect to
pay a better price. That is all there is of it.
Now, for such reporting as we had in the House
of Representatives when I was a member of it, I
think the present compensation is quite high
enough—too high; for if the reporters be so inef-
ficient that you cannot allow a single remark to
go tof)ress withoutcastmgyoureyeover it, I think
a moderate compensation is quite enousrh; but if
they report with so much accuracy that you can
allow a speech of three or four or five hours to go to
press without easting your eye over it, it is evi-
dence of a hisrh degree of skill, and I would no
more think of putting such a repoiteron a par
with a mere bungler than I would put an artist—
one of the masters in sculpture or in painting—upon
a footing with a mere prptender If you want the
highest Older of skill, you must pay the highest
puce for it. You have that skill line m the re-
porting corps, and I want to compensate it; and
I do not want to filch the money fiom the pocket
of Mr. Rives. You have got a higher order of
skill than was proposed in the beginning. lie has
hi ought it and tendeied it to the Senate. lie is
unable to pay it without taking money out of his
own pocket. He ought not to be lequired to do
that. The Government ought to pay for it.
I should have been glad in the beginning if
the Senator who moved this reconsideration had
adopted the suggestion of my friend fiom Vir-
ginia, and let the subject pass over, and moved
this amendment to what we sometimes call the
omnibus bill—the miscellaneous bill; but since
the question is up, I suppose we might just as
well settle it here. When we had up the defi-
ciency bill, 1 moved a proposition to pay our re-
porters—to put them on an equal footing with the
reporters of the House. It was objected to there,
because it was said we had better pass it over
until we took up one of the regular bills It was
not done then. The House insisted, brought it
to a conference, and they finally succeeded in
having their reporters paid some eight hundred
dollars a year more than we pay ours. Our re-
porters will necessarily feel degraded if the Sen-
ate consents that the House reporters shall be
paid $800 more than they get themselves. How
would Senators like tn have it snid that members
of the. House were paid so much more than they
get? I do not stand-upon a point of honor. The
Senate consented to that to save the deficiency
bill; you consented to allow the House reporters
to be paid $81)0 moie than the Senate reporters
are receiving; and I do not think any one who will
look over the repoits will pietend tlicit they v/eie
not less entitled to it than our own repoiters. I
think the reporters here are entitled to a higher
compensation. 1 do not think it ought to be ex-
acted (rom Mr. Rives, because, as I stated before,
he agreed to do your reporting upon a calculation.
He has given you a higher degree if service, and
is entitled to higher compensation. I shall vote
for the reconsideration with a view to putting this
amendment in here; though,if, upon the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, the Senator who
moved it had withdrawn the motion, I should
have prefened that course in the beginning; but
the discussion ha«? gone on, and I think we might
a^ well settle it n^ht now, and be done with it.
1 was, m the beginning, have continued to he, and
shall be now, m favor of this increased compen-
sation to our reporters.
Mr. MASON. I do not think it is a matter of
sufficient importance to reconsider the appropri-
,\ Kw Series—N'l. 23.
ation bill to put this provision in, whether it be
right or wrong; but I want to bring to the noticc
of the Senate the fact to which I first alluded. I
have been unable to get the circular, but I may
take it for granted that the substance of the cir-
cular is what was put out by the publisher of this
paper in an editorial, at the commencement of this
session. It is the paper of Monday morning,
December 7, headed (< Debates in Congress:"
" It is our intention to publish the debates and proceed-
ings of Congiees bcnceforth m the D<uly Globo, as deliv-
ered, without permitting mi v material alteration"?; and theie-
foie we shall not send the manuscript copy to nvmbrM's for
icvwon, as has been out custom heietofoie. We shall be
; glad, however, ifinetubeis will call at out olTice, and make
! such vetbal cotreciions of their own renrntk* as they may
I think proper. Experience has taught ih that when we have
| sent out copy foi ic\ifion, ronio members have withheld it.
■ and thus left our repott incomp'ete, while otheis have &o
i altered what they have '•aid as to nuke those who have ic-
( plied to them appeal i idiculoiH lo readers of the debate;?."
I That is the account this man, who is employed
I to report the debates in Congress, gives of the
{ members of Congress whose debates he reports.
! Now, I do not know whether he is right m his
, facts or not. It has never come within my obser-
! vation that any member of Congress has availed
1 himself of the opportunity to revise his remarks
t to change them or to pervert them in such a man-
! ncr as to make those^vho differ with linn appear
: ridiculous, or to take away the point of the reply.
1 But if it be so, I utterly deny that the reporteris
| the party to intervene, that he can say " I will
, not permit this, or I will permit that;'5 it is a ques-
jj tion between the members concerned; lot them
j| settle it. If any member of the Senate should
avail himself of the opportunity to revise his re-
j, marks to do it in such a manner as to take away
!; tiie effect or destroy the point of the reply, it is a
: i question between the mteilocutors; but for the re-
porter ol the Senate to undertake lo say " I will
permit this, and 1 will not permit that," is to place
the Senate under the control and the supervision
of the reporter. I presume that the circular which
he addressed to all Senators was of a like char-
acter. 1 know it struck me as of the most offen-
sive kind, because he undertook to place me un-
der his surveillance and tutelage in my intercourse
with my fellow-members of the Senate. I do not
know the fact, it never came within my knowl-
edge, but if it be true that any members have
availed themselves of the privilege of revising
what they have said, m the mode complained of,
it is a question between the Senators concerned.
But the reporter says they arc amenable to him,
and that he will not permit it, because either it m-
tei feres with his interest in publishing the debates,
or because he is the supervising and controlling
power to regulate this matter between Senators.
Now, I see no reason in the world why, in pay-
ing a corps of reporters, we should be at the same
time conducting a public press. I know this edi-
tor has said—for I have seen it from time to time
m his columns—that, notwithstanding the gratu-
ities—for they arc gratuities—which have been
given to him in addition to his pay, the permis-
sion—and a most extraordinary one it was—al-
lowing Ins paper, of all otheis, to go free of post-
age, and the vei y large subscription that has been
made to tiie book of the repoits from time to time,
he has said very recently, that, take it altogether,
he is a continual loser by the repoitmg. It may
be true; I do not mean to controvert that fact, for
I know nothing about it; but, if it be true, it still
goes to confirm the position that it does not be-
come the Senate—certainly it does not become
Congress—to support a newspaper; and, if his
newspaper cannot be supported without larger
gratuities, I should be, as f am, decidedly of opin-
ion something should be done for reforming the
whole system.
I make no attack upon the reporters. I am
more conversant with the reports in the Senate
than in the House, and I do not know whether
the same corps of reporters have charge of the
debates m the two Houses; but I repeat with great
pleasure, that I could not have conceived that re-
porting could hnvebeen brought to the perfeclion
to which it has been brought, under the existing
engagements with these reporters; and 1 should
be very sorry to part with them. I think, how-
ever, we might have a leorganization by which
we should have a corps of reporters who would
understand their place. They are employed by
the Senate to report the debates; and if impropri-
eties occur amongst members of the Senate, it is
a question to be settled by the Senators inter se3
not by the reporter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have listened
to the remarks of the Senator from Virginia with
not a little regret. That Senator takes offense at
a regulation which l^as been made by the pub-
lisher of the reports of this body, and he presumes
that it is a surveillance which is exercised over
him. He does not seem to be certain that all the
Senators received the same noticc. I can tell him
that I received it, a,nd I have no question that
| every other Senator did. The reason why this
;• regulation is made is plainly stated. It is sensi-
i; hie in its character, and the reason for it seems to
;| me to be conclusive. It is not only for the pro-
i tection of members of this body, but it is for hts
own protection too. The Senator speaks of sur-
veillance over him, and intimates that the printer
I! of our leports has got above his business—that is
;! the sense of his remarks.
ji Now, sir, it is notorious to those who have
.] looked into the matter, that in no land under the
! shining sun have the published reports of any de~
! liberative body ever been so perfectly executed
: and delivered to the world. It is equally notori-
ous, and within the knowledge of members of the
' Senate, that heretofore it has been the practice of
! some gentlemen to make toleiably long speeches,
j then get hold of the manuscript, keep it for days
and days, and sometimes for as long a period as
,, three weeks, thus arresting the steady regular-
j ity of the publication of the debates Some have
added to what has been spoken, that which, per-
■ haps, they desired to say, but had not an oppor-
'! tumty of saying when they weie upon the floor.
..Others have stricken out what they did say in
'1 such a way as to vender absurd the intelligent an-
, j swei s that were given to them on thisfloor. These
^ things wcie appaient and well known; and be-
| cause it is proposed to restrict gentlemen so that
i what they say here shall go before the public as
I it is said, and thus injustice bo done to no man,
j and the whole of the reports be brought out con-
i secntivoly in order and in due time, the Senator
'i takes offense. 1 think that is hardly proper.
' By additions to speeches, pages have been
thrown on the congressional reports at the ex-
pense of the publisher, who has been complaining
; all the while, at least for the last two Congresses,
! j that the pay he icceives is lower than that allowed
! for any other public printing done in the whole
1 j United States. From a long imestigation that I
; made some years ago, I came to the conclusion
'! that such is the fact, that this punting is done for
a lower sum than any othei public printing in the
(Tinted States, or any private contract service.
1 The publisher complains that lie has had to bear
the burden of all those additions, and besides, by
I j them injustice has been done to membeis who
' have participated in debates upon the floors of
'; Congress, and they have been placed in an ab-
ji surd altitude on account of the alterations made
by others.
! Another good reason is given in the letter. At
;; the first glance in reading it over at the commence-
'! ment of the session, my first construction before
I got through with it was that it had not been
■ pleasantly put; but by the time 1 read it through,
the reasons for the regu'ation were so apparent
that I could not find it within myself to say that
: the publisher had gone beyond his province in
the exercise of his own rights and duties, and I
could not feel that in aoy respect it whs or could
: have been done with a spirit of predominance, of
dictation, or of orders to the Senate, as the lan-
guage of the Senator seems to imply. It has not
struck me as it has the Senator from Virginia.
' Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly.
: Mr. MASON. The position I take is simply
1 this: if a Senator makes remarks in debate on
this floor, he *s responsible for them to his con-
stituents, to the country> and to his brother Sen-
ators; he is not responsible to the reporter. If
, afterwards he modifies or sti ikes out what he says,
alters, changes, or perverts it, he is responsible
to those who are injured by him upon the iloot,
not to the reporter; and I say it is intrusive and
n insolent for the reporter to undertake to ^iy what
