1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
most extraordinary item I ever heard of. For
discovering twelve new planets, $3,000!
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It was deemed so
well known, that no further notice than is men-
tioned has been taken of this item.
Mr. GARNETT. I confess that I was igno-
rant, and I am willing to be ignorant, and I know
the House will excuse it when I am accompanied
by the learned gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. J. G-lancy Jones.] Here is an observatory
which you have built; you provideinstruments|or
it, and pay the clerks and watchmen, and every-
body about it; and, finally, you make a special
appropriation of $3,000 to pay for the discovery
of new planets! I submit that such an appro-
priation ought not to be in this bill. And, then,
$16,000 of this appropriation is to pay the com-
puters. I ask who these computers are? Are
they United States naval officers ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Some of them are.
Mr. GARNETT. Then you were paying
them two salaries.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Though officers
of the Army or Navy, they are not, when em-
ployed on this service, paid one dollar as officers.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman says that
some of them are officers. You make an appro-
priation here to pay all these officers, so that they
must be receiving two salaries.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Officers of the
Army or Navy are detailed for this duty when-
ever they arc wanted and they can be spared from
the service; but they are paid only one salary.
Mr. GARNETT. I am willing to pay for this
Almanac; I am willing to pay for the paper, and
the printing, as it is a scientific work, but I am
not willing to pay $3,000 for the discovery of
new planets. Nor am I willing to pay double
salaries. The honor of discovering a new planet
is enough, without any pay. And if we are to
pay, I contend that it is an indignity to the plan-
ets to pay only $250 a piece for them. I move to
strike out the $3,000 for the new planets.
Mr. LETCHER. I am a little astonished that
my colleague should kick up suc^i a rumpus? about
these planets. I should suppose that a gentleman
in his condition would be willing to pay more
than that for Venus alone. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I want to know if Venus
is a new planet in Virginia? [Renewed laughter.]
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Garnett; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to stuke out the
whole clause in relation to the publication of the
American Almanac. I understand that the Alma-
nac is prepared by officers of the Government,
who are paid regular salaries by the Government
as such officers.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman is mistaken.
Most of them are not officers of the Government.
Mr. STANTON. If I am mistaken in that, I
■withdraw my amendment.
Air. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chairman,
I move to substitute the wind "four"for "five,"
in the two hundred and twentieth line, and to strike
out the words''three hand red, "in the two hundred
and twenty-first line. I offer this amendment for
the purpose of enabling me to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I wish to inquire what he and the Administra-
tion, whose organ upon this floor he is, propose
to do with these five new steam-sloops, when they
shall have been constructed? Does not he know
how neaily impossible it now is, and for a long
time has been, to fill the crews of' our ships of
war already afloat, and in other respects prepared
for scrvice5 and is he ignorant of the fact, that
the party to which he belongs has procurfd the
passage of a bill in the other branch of the Le-
gislature, and which is now on the table of the
Speaker of this House, calculated, if not intended,
to destroy our chief source of supply of native
seamen ? Sir, it is a fact, well known and indis-
putable, that more than two thirds of the men who
compose the crews of our Navy are foreigners,
and that not less than three fouiths of the sailors
in our merchant marine arc also of foreign birth;
and even with this resource, it is with the greatest
difficulty, and only after the most injurious delays
and embarrassments, in many cases, that these
branches of service can be supplied with adequate
crews. I speak, not against foreigners, but of
the difficulty of procuring seamen. Add to the
number of vessels in the .Navy, and this difficulty
will be increased, and the disproportion between
native and foreign-born seamen enlarged. I think
1 may say with entire safety that a majority of
our native sailors commenced going to sea as
fishermen. There are hundreds of bays, rivers,
and creeks in Maine and New England whose
banks are populated by a hardy, vigorous, and en-
terprising race of men, who employ a few months
every year on fishing cruises; and from their ranks
large numbers go annuallyinto the merchant and
naval service of the country. Repeal the fishing
bounty, as you propose to do, and you strike
every fishing smack from the ocean at a single
blow; for nothing is better established than the
fact, that, with the odds which exist against us
since the reciprocity treaty, the fishing business
cannot be sustained for a week without the bounty.
I am no advocate for bounties of this kind, when
they look only to fostering a branch of industry
for its own sake; but when by them you can se-
cure strength to an important arm of the national
i defense, and accomplish a great national object,
i not otherwise to be accomplished, I hold it to be
within the scope of our power, and in the direct
line of wisdom and duty, to grant them. In this
case, your ability to man the ships of war you
already possess, to say nothing of those you con-
template building, depends upon the preservation
of our fisheries. Yet you are prepared to destroy
them at the same time that you call for more
ships. To build ships when you have not sailors
to make up their crews, would be as wise as to
build barns where there are no harvests, school-
houses where there are no scholars, churches
where there are no people, to buy lamps when
you have no oil. Before we spend millions of
dollars in constructing sloops and frigates, I think
it would be wise to learn whether our only school
for sailors is to be broken up. It may be the
policy of the Administration to provide for these
vast expenditures without knowing or inquiring
whether they can be of any service to the coun-
try; it may desire authority to make contracts,
involving the outlay of millions, as a basis of re-
serves and contributions, to be used for the pur-
pose of increasing its power and prolonging its
existence. But that such a use of the people's
money by the Administration will be approved
by the country, when it is seen to be the tendency
of a part of its policy to impair the efficiency of
the nation's defenses, if not wholly to destroy the
prestige of its may be more than doubted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, I
should not have responded to the gentleman from
Maine, if he had not made an inquiry of me. I
have always understood that it was the duty
of the Government to raise money to buy ships;
but I never knew, until the gentleman from Maine
put his query to me, that it was part of the busi-
ness of the Government to buy men, or to furnish
money to buy men.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. No, sir; the gen-
tleman refused to yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wantod to
know what the Administration ho«?heen doing all
this session but buying men. [Laughter.]
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have an
amendment which I desire to propose.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
from Maine cannot withdraw his amendment
without my consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the objection to the withdrawal comes too
lafe.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I was on the floor
answering thf gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had resumed his s<\it, and no objection
! was interposed to the withdrawal of the amend-
' rnent.
| Mr. BOCOCK. I offer ,the following amend-
■ j ment:
i! And to enable the Secretary of the Navy to cause to be
! con-lructed. without unreasonably delay, by contract or hi
J ihf iiaw yaidsof the Government, af he may con-idei mo-n
'' ad\ liable, ten -.mull <eic'U'-piopr!ler -loop- ot w<u or dis
patch vessel-*, wuh full f-team pimci. and with adiaught of
vv.nei not to exceed twelve ieei ; «,nd v<s«>ls to he con-
stiucted, armed, and equipped, with reference to speed as
dispatch vessels and efficiency as wai steamers, §2,500,000.
_ Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no law authorizing the
construction of these steamers, and independent
legislation is not in order in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order well taken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 offer the
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BOCOCK. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Tt is too late to appeal.
Mr. BOCOCK. ,The Chair carries things with
a high hand.
The amendment of Mr. Stephen's was read, as
follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary of
Profe^or James P. Espy, $2,000; the payment to be made
in the same manner, and under his control, an former ap-
propriations for meteoiologieal operations.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. 1 think that is clearly a private
claim, and is not in order as an amendment to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is not a
claim at all. It is the usual salary that has been
paid for the last ten years.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Georgia if the payment of
this salary is authorized by an existing law?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is author-
ized by every appropriation bill for the last ten
years, except one, and in that case it was paid
afterwards.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Georgia can refer the Chair to any law author-
izing the appropriation, the Chair will hold the
amendment to be in order; otherwise the Chair
is of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man from Georgia refers the Chair to every ap-
propriation bill for the last ten years, except one.
At the first session of the last Congress the ap-
propriation was omitted, but it was made at the
second session.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers that
the amendment is not in order under the 81st
rule.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It has been
uniformly offered in the same way.
The CHAIRMAN. It may have been offered
and entertained by unanimous consent, but the
point of order is made now, and the Chair feels
bound to rule it out of order, unless the gentleman
can show that there is some law authorizing it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It has uni-
formly been provided for by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairrules the amend-
ment out of oider. He is constrained to do so
under the 81st rule.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair; and state as
the ground of my appeal, that this has been uni-
formly voted, m precisely this way, for the last
ten years.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question is, " Shall tfie decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee
The question was take.); and the decision of
the Chan was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now offer the following
as an additional section to the bill: .
And be it furlkfr enacted, That t> enable the Becretaiy
of the Navy to cause to be constructed, without unreason-
able delay, by eonttact, or in the navy-\ardsoi the Govern-
ment, a-, in- may con- idei mo.->t definable, ten small tcrew-
piopi'ileis, «loopi-of-waror di> patch ve-?(s!s, with lull bteam
puvvei, and with a draught of water not to exceed twelve
leet, s?a'd vessels to be constructed, armed, and equipped,
with i< t'rreuce to --peed as di-pifcli vessels and efficiency
a*? wai bicamers, the  um ot §2,500,000 is heieby appio-
pnated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question "that that amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not to be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist that it is in order,
under the existing laws authorizing the establish-
ment of a navy. [Cries of " Order !" '{ Order 15 ]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in ordei.
Does the gentleman appeal from the decision of
the Chair ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; and call for tellers upon the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Adrain and
Bfffinton were appointed.
