#416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26.
' ; The question wastaken; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty; a further count not being de-
manded.
' So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed by
the Committee of "Ways and Means to offer the
fqllowing amendments, of which I gave notice, to
c6me in at the end of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay for the pub-
lication of the code of regulations for the government of
the Navy, as diiected in the second section of the act en-
titled " An act making appropriations for the naval service
for the year endmg June 30.18o§." approved March 3,1857,
$3,000.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the expenses
of the courts of inquiry to investigate the eases of certain
officers affected by the act entitled " An act to amend an
act entitled ' An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy
in respect to dropped and retiiednavaloflieeis,3 " approved
January 14, 1857, $310,000.
'For the completion of the publication of the charts of the
late expedition for the exploration of the aver La Plata and
its tributaries, {§5,000.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call for separate votes
upon the various propositions.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As separate votes
have been called upon the several items, I propose
to send up and have read a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, explaining the several items.
The letter was read, as follows:
Navy Department, May 13, lt?r>8.
Sin: I have the honor to call jour attention ro two omis-
sions in the naval appiopruition bill parsed at the last, ses-
sion of Congress.
The seventh section of that act (pa?e 2-17, pamphlet edi-
tion of laws. thiul ses-Mon Thirty-Fourth L'ongu «-s) din-ctcd
the Secretary or" the Navy to have piepaied, ami repnu to
Congiessat us present session, t'oi appioval, a code ol rog
illations for the government of the Navy. The code has!
been prepared, and m under revision ;and it in contemplated
to sub-mint to Congress at Una session. It ha< ueeijs>aiily
involved expenses amounting to about thtee thousand dol-
lars, for which no appropriation was made.
The act of the 16th of January, U'f/7 (pages l.">3 and 154,
pamphlet edition of laws above refened to,) entitled u An
act to amend an act entitled ' An act to piomote the effi-
ciency of the Navy,' " HMjuned th   organization of eouits
of inquny toinveMi<ratetheeasesot ceitain others affected
by the acr of which it nvu- nnit'Dd.itojy ; and ihc openiuon
Of the act fir*>t KM'eirrd to was limited to one year from its
passage. The eomts of inqunv have been hud,and theie-
sults reported. Expenses amouutingto about one bundled
and ten thousand dollars were neee^aiily mcuiiod tortin- 
purpose, for winch no appropriation was made.
t respectfully request that the necessity appropriations
be made for these purposes.
There was evidently another omission m tho naval appro,
pviation bill passed at the ln->t session. The sum of $<>,760
had been asked by the Department for piepatuii> for publi-
cation the surveys of the lute expedition to the Noun Va-
ciflc and Jlehrmg's Straits, and $5,000 for finishing those of
the late expedition for the cvploiation and survey of the
river La Plata and its tributaries Though the aet making
the appiopuation specified it to be for both subject-:, ami tin*
diseUrfMon on the bill unhealed lhat it was f-o consider d
by Congress, yet, as the sum appropriated tho e.vaet
amount estimated lot the first named object, it ha.s been ap-
plied to it; ami the woik his-t s-poeitied ha* been deiawd.
1 would therefore surest that the sum of $r>,0U0 be ap-
propriated :k for completing the publication ol the ehai is- of
the late expedition lor the exploiation oi the river La Plata
and its tribunmos."
J have the honor to be, very respeefullv, jour obedient
servant, ISAAC TOIICEV.
Hon. J. Clancy Jones, Chairman Committee Ways and
jMeans, Jloutc flcjiri'scntatives.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. I have a few words
to say, which will apply to the thiee amendments.
The act of 1857 provided for the code mentioned,
and it now requires $3,000 to pay for' it. The sec-
ond amendment is an appropriation of $110,000
to pay for the courts of inquiry. Every gentle-
man is acquainted with the necessity for tins ap-
propriation. These courts of inquiry have been
held during the last year, tiymg the cases of
dropped and fuiloughcd and other officers, who
hud the right of appeal under act of Congress of
the preceding session. This money is for the ex-
penses of those courts.
The third amendment is to pay for chat ts of the
exploration of the liver La Plata. It is pioposed
to print them for the use of our comnn-ioe. It is
known that a small steamer, under Captain Pai;e,
was sent out for the survey of that nvrr, Urn-
commerce is steadily growing in that quarter.
Unless, however, these charts ate pubi.shed, the
survey will be of little good to our manners. Tho
appropriation is barely sufficient. I hope the
amendment will be agieed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to the fust
two, but I have to the last amendment. I ask that
there shall be.a separate vote on it.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
the vote will be taken on the amendments sep-
. arately.
Mr. CURTIS. I will speak to the third amend-
ment while I am up, which proposes to appro-
priate $5,000 for the publication of charts of the
survey of the Rio de la Plata.
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that one of our na-
tional vessels (the Water Witch) was sent to
South America to survey one of the rivers of that
country. But why should our vessels be sent to
South America to survey rivers there, while the
rivers of our own country remain unsurveyed
and unexplored ? Now that the La Plata, a river
far beyond our dominions, has been surveyed,
why should we go to the expense of publishing
charts of the survey? It is a river entirely be-
yond our reach, and thousands of miles south of
the Isthmus. It is a river no more connected
with the commerce of the high seas than the Mis-
sissippi or the Danube; and, sir, our Navy has
no more to do with it than they have with a river
of France. The mouth of the La Plata is thirty-
five degrees of latitude south of the equator, and
therefore seventy-three degrees south of this cap-
ital. What have we to do with the interior riv-
ers of a country so remote and so disconnected
from our territory?
It is true that we have sent a national vessel
there. Twenty-five thousand dollars were appro-
priated last year " to complete the explorations
of the Parana and the tributaues of the Paraguay,
and it is now proposed perhaps to get up a book
relating to tho explorations of these rivers, as we
have had volumes published concerning other
rivers in South America. I am opposed to all
such appropriations, and especially to the first
step. That very survey of the La Plata and its
tributaries has involved us in difficulty with the
Republic of Paraguay, which may result in a re-
mote, expensive, and vexatious war. The inten-
tion of our vessel to proceed up the eastern branch
of La Plata, the Parana, was opposed by Para-
guay; but the vessel determined to carry out the
survey, arid, persisting against remonstrance, was
fired upon from a Paraguayan fort; and I see that
it is proposed to empower the President of the Uni;
ted Slates to send armed vessels there to avenge
that assault upon our vessel. In the mean time,
we are called on to publish charts of their nveis,
while we have no access to, or commercc on, then-
waters. The whole thing appears to me wrong,
and I hope the amendment will not pass.
The question was taken on the first amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the second amend-
ment, as follows:
To enable the Seoietary of the Navy to pay the expense*
of tiie eon it* of unpin y to in \ or-ti^an* ifie ca^os ot <. crtain
olheer* alfocted bv an act out it led An aet to amend an aet
entitled 4 An riot io piomote the efficiency ol the iVavy,' "
tn re-poet to diopped ami letned naval otUeois, approved
Kith ot January, 1W7, $110,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the third amendment,
as follows:
For the completion of the publication of the chart* of the
late expedition lot the exploration of the nverLa Plata and
Us ttibuUries, $.">,000.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to increase that ap-
propriation one dollar, and I do it for the purpose
of making a suggestion to my friend from luwa,
[Mr. Curtis.] I am in favor of printing these
charts. He asks what was the object of the sur-
vey ? I answer that wo have the same object in
the exploration of that river, that we had jn the
exploration of the Amazon and other South Amer-
ican rivers. If tho gentleman has examined the
n suits of those explorations upon that continent,
he cannot fail to sec their great benefit to our peo-
ple. The survey of the Amazon was made some
years ago, and the results were published to the
country; and a mercantile fiiend of mine from
New York, told me si.me weeks Jince, that from
information he had obtained, there had grown up
with tho countries explored by that expedition,
and in consequence of the facilities furnished by
the publications of the Government, a trade now
amounting to some two or three million dollars
annually.
Let me say another thing in answer to the gen-
tleman. This survey proceeded with the knowl-
edge and by consent of the South American States
within whosejurisdiction it was piuposed to carry
it on; and passports were furnished by those Gov-
ernments to our olfi.eers who were engaged in it.
It was proposed to make a contribution to knowl-
edge, for the enterprise of our own people, which,
if left to the inactivity of those Governments them-
selves, would have never been afforded. What-
ever the result may have been; whatever misun-
derstandings and difficulties may have occurred,
my information is that the survey proceeded with
the consent of the South American Governments.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is mistaken in
regard to the assent of the Government having
been given to this survey.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am very anxious
to get through with this bill, and I must insist
that the gentleman shall confine his remarks to
the question under consideration.
Mr. CURTIS. I will proceed in order; but I
desire to reply to the remark that we had the as-
sent of the Government to make the survey of the
La Plata and its tributaries, the Paraguay and Pa-
rana. It was the want of that assent that causcd
the difficulty with the authorities of Paraguay.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Does not the gen-
tleman from Iowa undetstand that the Argentine
Republic has conferred fluvial liberty upon the
woild, as to all the rivers of South America within
that Confederation ?
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman does not under-
stand me. The difficulty is not with the Argen-
tine Republic. Paraguay is one of the independ-
ent States of South America, and the Paraguay
and Parana rivers are the common boundaries
between this Republic and different States of the
Argentine Confederation. Paraguay never gave
her consent. On the contrary, the Government
refused it, and endeavored to prevent it by firing
upon our ship. Paraguay is not one of the Ar-
gentine States.
I wish to say, also, that this idea of my honor-
able friend from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] of convey-
ing knowledge of that river to the world, would
perhaps be well conceived if we had first surveyed
our own rivers. Here, in our own great North-
west, is the Red River of the North, a great river,
upon which our settlements are gathering, and
you do not know whether it is navigable or not.
Theie is also the Yellow Stone, Columbia, and
! other livers, of our own country, that have not
been surveyed, and their surrounding country is
unknown. There is, also, the Colorado of the
South, connecting with a great gulf of the Pacific,
and extending thousands of miles in our interior,
which has not been surveyed, although some ef-
forts are now being made to that effect. While we
have thus neglected to survey ourown rivers, how
preposterous and absurd to send vessels to South
America, for the purpose of getting knowledge of
her rivers for the benefit of the world ! I submit
my remonstrance against this and all other at-
tempts to develop South America, while this, our
own great continent is unexplored and undevel-
oped.
The amendment to reduce the appropriation
one dollar was withdrawn.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move to add the following
amendment:
Foi Foit Madison, £15,000, in aid of the United States
Naval School atAmiapohs.
I desire to speak in favor of my amendment, and
I mean to speak in a sense, and in a "way, that
will touch the heart of ev^ry true patriot. I have
offered this amendment to protect the national Na-
val School at Annapolis, where the midshipmen
who are sent into the Navy to command our ships
of war, are educated. Mr. Chairman, I want to
build up a wall around the great national princi-
ple of patriotism, [laughter,] whetherit be among
the old Federalists or Democrats. I am for protect-
ing my own native country, and the flag that flies
over us; I am for sustaining that. Hut that is
immaterial to this amendment, which is to appro-
priate $15,000 for Fort Mjdison, which guards the
approach to the Naval School, situated at Annap-
olis. I find in a report made on the 24th day of
November, 1857, that Captain Meigs states that
$15,000 has been appropriated by Congress, and
that up to that time it was unexpended.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WAStlBCJRNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment, and ask that the ques-
tion be taken on it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the bill be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
