1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOT
the only course is, that the evidence shall be
taken; when taken, that it shall be submitted to
the party implicated, who shall have an oppor-
tunity of controverting it by new evidence, and
of bringing his own evidence; to reexamine the
witnesses already examined, before anything sees
the light; before it is even hinted that any man's
character is suspected; before the mendacious
press shall set its worms to eat it, as if it were
already dead and rotten. It is requisite that the
most delicate of all things, human character, shall
be protected; and while I am for investigation,
and while I fear no investigation, either for myself
or others in this House, I wish it done, so that
the man who is clear shall come forth clear; that
the stain shall not rest upon the character that
every man ought to bring into this House clean,
and which every man ought to carry out with him
clean; and, in the shape in which the honorable
gentleman moves his investigation, it leaves a man
who is charged where every man is left who has
had a bill of indictment found against him by the
grand jury; ay, sir, and worse, for the law still
presumes he is innocent. Nobody knows upon
what evidence the indictment is found. Only that
against the prisoner is considered by the grand
jury. Here it is virtually the judgment of his peers
saying that they, after investigating all the evi-
dence on the subject they could find for and against
him, have been satisfied that there ought to be
inquiry; and there is no mode of disproving the
accuracy of their judgment. The same witnesses
are not called, the same questions may not be
propounded,the same course of investigation may
not be pursued; it may appear that the same per-
sons who were examined may have given one
statement before the first investigating committee
and another before the subsequent one. Their
evidence will not be published; yet it is the sworn
foundation upon which the investigation has to !
proceed; and when the witnessescomo face to face
with the pavtv accused, they may deny it.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mary-
land is proceeding upon an ontire misapprehen-
sion of what is contemplated by my resolutions.
X propose, at the suggestion of some friends, to
modify the resolutions by inserting in them a
provision that the committee shall report the facts
if they find any one guilty. But the point to
which I wish to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Maryland is this: I do not propose that
no record shall be kept of the testimony given
before thecommitteefirstappointed. All 1 propose
is that the testimony taken by that committee
shall not be used against the party upon his trial
before this House, because he had not been pres-
ent when it was taken. But I do propose that
this committee shall keep a full reroid of all the
testimony taken before it, and whenever occasion
requires it—if the reputation of the party, or the
justification of the committee requires it, or if
there is any demand in any quarter for the facts
upon which the committee act in either charging
or discharging the party—that that testimony
shall be exhibited to the public.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
takes away from the scheme which he proposes
everything which is of advantage, and leaves it
cumbered still with the difficulties of a double pro-
cess. The course pursued by the committee of
investigation of the last Congress was to take the
evidence, and to have it written down and sub-
mitted to the party before the world knew any-
thing about it. The gentleman either does or does
not propose that the evidence shall be submitted
to the party accused, before the world knows any-
thing about it. If he does not, then the charge
comes before the world before the facts and the
evidence upon which it is based. And when he
says the evidence should not be used against the
party, because not taken in the presence of the
person charged, I beg to call his attention to the
fact that the evidence taken by the committee of
investigation of the last Congress was not used,
excepting by the assent of the party charged, after
he had seen the case already made against him,
wi.h the option and the time to call witnesses.
The member's own preference was that the evi-
dence should be taken and used against him, and
if he preferred that course, it is fairand reasonable
that it should be so.
I submit, therefore, that the course proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, accomplishes no pur-
pose, but necessitates a double process; when the
party implicated might prefer not to take that
course, but, to save time, might prefer to submit
the case, as the gentleman in the last Congress
did, upon the evidence taken in writing, in the
first instance.
Now, in reference to the analogy quoted here,
and quoted in the last Congress, about the same
body of gentlemen occupying the double position
of grand and petit jury, with all respect to my
honorable friend, he is not accurate in his legal
analogies. The committee was neither a grand
jury nor a petit jury. We put no man upon
trial. This House put them upon trial. We were
merely commissioners of the House to take evi-
dence for the House and lay it before them, to
see whether the House would put the parties upon
trial upon that evidence. When the committee
came before the House, the House, if it had seen
fit not to put the parties upon trial, would have
laid the resolutions reported by the committee
upon the table. When the House ordered the
resolutions to be considered, the House then put
them upon their trial upon the evidence already
taken, with the parties before the committee.
When the gentleman from Ohio speaks about the
same body of gentlemen holding the position of
grand and petit jury, my honorable friend is still
more inaccurate; because it assumes that the com-
mittee of the last Congress found some facts con-
clusively against the party charged. You know,
Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of the House know,
and the report shows upon its face that the com-
mittee did not claim anypower of making even a
prima facie case; that they executed merely the
order of the House, and reported what the House
ought to do. It is the shape every measure has
to assume before the House can accept it for con-
sideration, or reject it without consideration. It
is the ordinary form every bill has to assume be-
fore it is laid upon your table. It is the shaping
of the measure upon which the House is to de-
termine, when first brought before them, whether
they will or will not consider it; and it is in de-
termining whether the House will or will not con-
sider it, that the House determines the greatpoint
whether th« party shall or shall not be placed
upon trial. Before that time the committee has
acted as the hand of the House to write the evi-
dence, in order that the House may be enlight-
ened upon two questions at the same time; first,
whether they will try; and, second, when they
have determined to try, what judgment they will
render.
I therefore, as the shortest way to accomplish
the purpose intended; as the best way to shield
human character; as the best way to facilitate the
progress of justice; as the shortest way to sweep
away all the stumbling-blocks and difficulties
which the process of the investigation at the
humed close of the session may throw in the
way of what wc may then wish to do, move to
amend the resolutions by striking out the last two '
resolutions, and ro change the first resolution by !
striking out all after the word "report," and in- I
serling: |
Ail tiie evidence, and summon before it such persons as ,
it may sec fit, and shall report to tins Ilou<e what, m their <
opinion, tins iiou^e should do in the pretuiM1., i
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I have a ;
very few words to say. I know that this inves- '
tigation—as all investigations of the kind do— j
will involve time, trouble, and expense; but! am |
anxious to have this investigation. The charges '
set forth in the preamble are made quite cxten- \\
sively over this whole Union; and if there were ii
nothing more than these charges in the newspa- |!
pers, circulated so extensively as these have been, j
I would be still for the investigation.
Sir, I cannot agree with the gentleman from
Maryland in the opinion he expressed as to the
newspaper press of the country. I believe that '
it has a function to serve in a free Government, .!
and that the newspaper press of this country has ||
not yet ceased to servo that function. I believe, j:
sir, you may put corrupt men in this House; you \\
may put corrupt men m the Senate; conuption ij
may crawl and creep along all the avenues to this jS
Capitol; and yet, with a tree,unshackeled,faith- l!
ful press, the interests, rights, and liberties of the
people will be preserved. But, sir, this charge
is not only made upon the authority of the news-
paper press, but, as I understand it, it appears in
the report made by a committee of the stockhold-
ers of this Middlesex Manufactuiing Company
to the stockholders themselves. I know nothing
about Lawrence, Stone & Co. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says they are among the
merchant princes of New England. But this I do
know, that these merchant princes and manufac-
turing princes of New England struck hands with
the free-trade interest in the last Congress, and
prostrated the industry of my State. I know that
the faith of the manufacturing interest of New
England, in relation to the other industrial inter-
ests of the country, as exhibited last winter, was
Punic. Gentlemen get up here, and tell us of the
high character of Lawrence, Stone & Co. i ask,
are men to be eulogized in the American Congress
whose books exhibit—what? The expenditure
of $87,000 to influence and control the legislation
of this country.
Mr. BURLINGAME. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is labori ng under amisapprehension
as to what I said. I did not for a moment attempt
to shield the name of the senior member of the firm
of Lawrence, Stone & Co. I simply said, touch-
ing that name, that I would not deepen the shadow
which rested on it. I said that the name—because
of the honored dead who bore it and because of the
noble and generous living who bear it—had stood,
and still stands to-day, as the synonym of mercan-
tile integrity and honor. I do not wish t© shield
the senior member of that firm from investigation
atall. I would shield no man. But when misfor-
tune comes upon a man or upon a name, I am not
the person to stand by, or to sit by, without say-
ing whatever I can in favor of that name; without
bringing forward what I can that is in its honor.
If the gentleman deems thata eulogy on the char-
actor of the senior member of that firm, then let
him make the most of it. I do not consider it a
eulogy.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Well, Mr.
Speaker, I understood the gentleman to say at
first, just what he says now: that he would not
deepen the cloud which rests on that house; but
I understood him to go into a very considerable
eulogy on the character of Lawrence, Stone &
Co. If he retracts it all, I am perfectly satisfied.
If not, I am satisfied anyhow.
y Mr. BURLINGAME. I retract nothing, sir;
I never said it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. "Very well;
if the gentleman avers that he did not pronounce
anything like a eulogy, I must be mistaken; but
other gentlemen heard him as I did. However,
it is of no account.
It appears, on the books of these merchant
princes of New England, that $87,000 were ex-
pended to influence legislation. The gentleman
from Maryland says that it does not appear but
this sum may have been spent in some appropriate
way. In what appropriate way could that enor-
mous sum be expended in this country to influ-
ence legislation in this House? I cannot see. I
do not know. Year after year we are constantly
assailod with the cry of corruption in regard to the
tarHf policy. Over and over again we hear men,
who have held position in this country, charged
with combining together, for mercenary consid-
erations, to affect that policy, to refund duties on
railroad iron, to have a revision of the tariff; and
thus that great interest in my State is kept in per-
petual anxiety and suspense.
These charges have been made over and over
again. I heard them here at the close of the last
Congress, when the act of last year was pending.
I heard them when I went home. They come now
in a more authoritative shape, and I am for inves-
tigation. I do not know whether they affect any
man in this House, or whom they are to affect—
nor do I care. They are made; and the legislation
of last winter, pressed upon this House by New
England merchant princes, and passed by New
England votes, was a sacrifice of the industrial in-
terests of myState,and, with other causes, helped
to paralyze the arm of honest and willing labor in
that State, so thatat this day, andat this very hour,
were it not for the interposition of a benevolent
Providence in this mild and genial winter, there
would be distress and starvation in all her borders.
Now, in this state of things,;with these charges
male and reiterated, and coming before the House
m this way, I want this investigation. I do not
care in what shape it is had—whether wc adopt
the course taken last winter, and which was doubt-
less entirely satisfactory to the public mind; or
whether we adopt the resolutions as offered by the
