THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 28, 1858.
New Series....No. 352.
VOLUNTEER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to take up
the bill making appropriations for the support of
three regiments of volunteers authorized by the
act of Congress, approved 7th of April, 1858.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by ;
clauses, for amendment. !
Mr. STANTON". As I understand it, the bill ;
is now open for general debate. I do not propose |
to debate it; but! wish to inquire of the chairman t
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether j
the three regiments have been ordered out; and, !
if not, whether it is the expectation of the Ad-
ministration to order them out?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The regiments
have not been ordered out, and it is not the inten-
tion of the Executive to order them out until an
appropi lation is made by law to pay for main-
taining them. Nor is it the intention of the Sec-
retary of War to call them out then, unless it
becomes necessary to prosecute the war now
pending. If peace should be restored in Utah
they will not be called out, even if the appropria-
tion be made. _ !
The regiment for Texas will be wanted in any
event. But a proposition would have boon made
to strike out two thuds of the appropriation if
sufficient intelligence had been received at the
Department to justify the Secretary of War in the
belief that the*oilier regiments would not be re-
quired. I have only to add, that, if the appropri-
ation be now made, the regiments will not be called
out unless they are absolutely required.
Mr. STANTON. I trust the committee will
not report this bill to the House now. It is evi-
dently a question for the House to determine as
to when a necessity exists for calling out these
regiments, although they may have been author-
ized. It seems to me that it is a matter which it
is the duty of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and of eveiy member of the House, to inquire
into, as to whether the present relation? ot the
country with Utah Teintory require it. I do not
understand that any gentleman here is now thor-
oughly acquainted with the condition of things,
orlhat the House can act understanding^ about
it. Some little time ought to be allowed to inter-
vene, so that the subject may be investigated. I
hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will lay this bill aside, and take up an-
other bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If it is the incli-
nation of the committee to lay the bill aside, I
shall interpose no objection. I have brought it
up at the solicitation of a number of gentlemen,
and in obedience to what 1 supposed was the will
of Congress, which recently passed a law author-
izing the regiments. But, as objection is made to
the consideration of the bill now, and especially
as the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has made a motion that the committee rise,
I am willing that the bill shall be laid aside and
another one taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the bill will be laid aside.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will be
submitted to the committee
The question was taken; and the bill was laid
aside.
COLLECTION OF TPIE REVENUE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to take up
the bill making appiopriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs.
The motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will briefly ex-
plain the objects of the bill. Prior to 1849, the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
152
were deducted from the receipts, and the balance
paid into the Treasury. The act of 1849 provided
that the whole amount of revenue collected should
be paid into the Treasury, without any abate-
ment. The act of 1850excepted from the operation
of that law the Pacific coast. The Secretary of
the Treasury has recommended in his report, and
this bill provides for, the repeal of the act of 1850,
so as to put the collection of revenue upon the
Pacific coast upon precisely the same basis as the
collection of revenue in other parts of the coun-
try. The effect of this bill will be simply to re-
peal the act of 1850, and make the system uniform
throughout the country, so that all the revenue
collected will be paid into the Treasury without
any abatement; and the bill appropriates the sum
of $4,000,000, as a permanent fund for the collec-
tion of the revenue.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by sections, for amendment.
While the Clerk was reading the first section,
Mr. BOW! R proposed to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will suspend until the Clerk has finished
reading the section.
Mr. BOWIE. No, sir; I propose to offer my
amendment now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is not in order until the section shall have
been icod.
Mr. BOWIE. I insist to offer my amendment
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is not in order. The Clerk wiil proceed
to read the section.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer my amendment right at
that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will resume ins seat.
Mr. BOWIE. I will lesumc my scat when I
am decided to lie out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided the gentleman out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. I appeal fiom the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot ap-
peal while the section is beinii: read.
Mr. BOWIE. '
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The <rentl^man from Ma- j
ryland is out of oidei. and will 'ake his beat. The {
Cl^rk will proceed with the reading of the section, j
Mr.STANTON. I move thatthe committee rise. I
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Sickles) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
| to order, had the Union generally under consider-
i ation, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
: 4G6) making appiopnation for the expenses of
! collecting the revenue fumi customs, and having
been interrupted m its proceedings, had directed
him to report the facts to the House.
The SPjEAKEK . The Chair directs attention
to the 76th page of the Manual, which says:
11 If repeated cal's do not pioduee onler, the Speakei nmv
call by his name any men,bet <>b-uriaiety pei?i-tnig in ir-
regulanty ; wheieupon t'u; thaw: mav letjune the member
lo~wnluliaw II" l? Ui'-n to bo in evcuipatmn ami to
withdiavv. The speaker trues the oil- n o committed; arid
the House considers the de^ee ot' punishment ttiey will
in flie;,''
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. "WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr.WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffikton
and Russell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty-two; a further count not being
demanded.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Wholeon the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sickles in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue from customs.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Treasury Department, March 6,1S58.
Sir: I have the hnnoi to acknowledge your letter Qf the
2d instant, sinking on what data the piobable amount of
$4,000,000' will be ie(]uucd to meet the expenses of collect-
ing the eiHtonn tor the 1'nea! 3 ear fiom .luly 1, lPoft^to June
3d, lbo9; and 111 leply beg leave to leter to the explanation
contained m my annual repot ton tins subject, commencing
on page 10 of the pruned copy, and to the statements of the
Ueyintei aceompait) mg the leport, which are printed on the
40th page.
It appeals fiom these statements, that during the fiscal
yeat ending June 30, 1857, the expenditures for this pur-
pose, including the Pacific eoa-t, amounted, within a frac-
tion, to tlnee million seven hundred thousand dollars, and,
for the lea-ons stated in the rcpoit, an increased expend-
mue under this head, to some extent, may be necessary.
Upon thet-e data the estimate of §4,000,000 was founded.
You also ask the probable amount receivable from stor-
age, oartasjo, diaya«?e, and Iaboi lor the half year, from Jan-
u.uv 1, lKkS, to July 1, IMS, and tor the fiscal year 1859.
It is not e,"u-y to eoiijectute what amount will be received
during the euneut hall yeai, or the next fiscal year, from
stouure. It will he very Miiall, as all the public stores have
been given up, excepting one at lio.-ton and one at San
Ftanci^eo. Storage is no longer chargcd by the United
States at anyotiiei than these two potts, and comparatively
in few ea<e^ at them.
Whatever amount mav he received from stoiage, it
should he placed dneetly into the Treasury, as a miscella-
neous leeeipt, instead of bemj* earned to the ciedit of the
appiopnation for expenses of collecting the customs, as
was ptovided by me joint 1 evolution of Fein nary 14, 1850,
which ptovis'ion will he .ibiogated whenever Congi ess shall
aet on the subject. At that tune an extensive system of
public storage was in op>M ation, which has since been
cuanged l\>i pnvate bonded waiehouM's. It will now be
be-t 10 have the small *um leahzed fiom stoiage at the two
public stoics mentioned, disconnected fiom the appropria-
tion, and placed m the Tieasuiy as a specific payment 011
public account.
No revenue i- denved from cartage, drayaae, labor, or
other noce.^aiy chaiges for moving merchandise in bond.
These expense-, aie. 111 the first instance, paid out of the
appropriation for collecting the revenue, and are refunded
by the owner of the meich.mrh^e when it is entered for
withdrawal 01 consumption The amount expended is re-
quired to be ii^torcd, and should be earned to the credit of
the appiopnation fiom which it was taken. The answer
to youi lmjuny in regard to the piohableamountreceivable
fium eaita^r, diayagc, and Iaboi fiom any given period, is,
therefore, pieewlv the sum pievjomly expended from the
appropriation f'01 thoe j.u(po,-e««.
Vci} lespecUully, youi obedient servant,
JIUWJOLL COBB,
Seci clary of the Treasury.
II011.J. Gravfv Jon'ks, Ghah tain of Committee IVaysand
Mea7«, llow.c of R c.jtracflti! i ce.s.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to reduce the appro-
priation from $4,000,000 fo $3,000,000; and 1 do
so for the purpose of saying a few words on this
branch of the expenses of the Government. It
is true that we have built a large number of cus-
tom-houses; and it is true, too, that the expenses
ofcollectingthe revenue mustnecessarilybe larger
now than they were a few years 950. Lately our
revenue has lapidly fallen o(T, and there ought to
be retrenchment in all branches of the Govern-
ment. It docs seem to me that when we collect
less than forty million dollars of revenue underthe
tariff, as is the ense this year, it ought not to cost
us ten per cent, for meiely collecting it. I know
that custom-houses must be kept up; 1 know that
the leading officers must be retained; yet is there
not some place, amongst the thousands of their
subordinates,whereretrenchmentcould be made?
Are there not some officers who could be dis-
pensed with? I would ask thechaiiman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether there
1 has been any attempt on their part to retrench the
I expenditures for collecting the revenue in any
! particular whatever? My question is a sincere
I one, prompted by a desire to asceitain what are
I the facts. „
Mr. J. GLANCY JOIN ES. It affords me great
pleasure to reply to the gentleman so far as I am
informed on the subject. There is no expense
/
