2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
now incurred in collecting the revenue, except j
under existing law. Every officer connected with |
the revenue has his salary regulated under that j
law. It is not within the power of the Secretary
of the Treasury, unless authorized by Congress,
to deduct a cent from the salaries of these officers;
and to enable him to execute the law, precisely
this sum of #4,000,000-will be required.
It is supposed that there will be a revival of
trade during the next fiscal year, and that the re-
ceipts will be equal to the expenditures of the
Government. The present disturbance of our
finances is believed to be temporary, and that it
will soon pass away.
I have made every effort within my power,
wherever practicable, and no serious loss was to
result to the country, to cut down the expendi-
tures of the Government. The Secretary of the
Treasury has made every effort to retrench the
expenditures of the Government, and he is doing
so still; and I do not think that he has received
the credit which his praiseworthy efforts so richly
merit. There has been a system of lavish ex-
penditurecommenced underaplethoricTreasury.
Congress adjourned last year with a surplus of
#30,000,000 m the Treasury. The idea through-
out the country was that there should be expend-
iture in every branch of the public service, in
order to prevent the accumulation of the gold and
silver of the country in the Treasury. A sudden
financial crisis came, and has arrested everything.
The Secretary has retrenched as far as he could.
The Committee of Ways and Means have re-
trenched as far as they could. To retrench fur-
ther, the only way is to repeal the law authorizing
the expenditures that it is proposed to cut off.
Mr. COLFAX. I have listened t<
that revenue there for the last year, still the ap-
propriation contained in this bill for the next year
should not exceed three million two hundred and
    J to the gentle-
man with much pleasure. But I have found, by
reference to past Administrations, that never be- l
fore has there been appropriated $4,000,000 for |
collecting the revenue in one single year. Am I |
not correct? :
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Underthe charters j
of the Bank of the United States, passed in 1811 |
and in 1817, a provision was incorporated provid-
ing that the money of the United States should
be deposited in the United States Bank and its
branches, and that it should bo disbursed free of
cost to the Government. Prior to 1849, the col-
lectors of the revenue deducted- the amount of
their fees before they paid the balance into the
Treasury. Under the Sub-Treasury act, passed
in 1846, the Treasurer of the United States and
assistant treasurers received in gold and silver the
revenues collected for the Government. Under
that system, from 1846 to 1849, the old system of
deducting the amount of fees from the amount
collected, and of paying in only the balance, con-
tinued. In 1849 a law was passed requiring the j
payment of the whole amount into the Treasury, j
Then an appropriation would be made of a sufi'i-!
■ cient sum out of the Treasury to pay the expenses ;
of collecting. In 1850, the Representatives from |
. California, for reasons given at that time, asked j
J that California might be excepted from the oper- i
• ation of that rule, and the act of 1850 was passed j
exempting them from that rule, lhe Secretaiy ^
of the Treasury asks that it may be made uni-
form throughout the country. The cost during
the last year, according to my recollection, was
$3,000,000, and to that is now to be added the
amount for the charge upon the Pacific coast.
The gentleman will find that by adding the amount
heretofore deducted for the Pacific coast, to the
amount of §2,800,000, the cost of last year, it will
require about four million dollars for the service
for the next fiscal year.
I will remark, further, that not one dollar can
go out of the Treasury except m pursuance of
existing law; and that the remedy, if any is need-
ed, is by changing the laws, and not by voting
down this bill. .
Mr.COLFAX. Iamnotproposmgtovotedown
this bill, nor do I desire to do it if it can be prop-
erly amended. I only wish to reduce its amount.
If I am correct in my understanding of the matter,
the average expense of collecting the revenue in
1850, only eight years ago, was but f,2,000,000.
Of late, it has been, so far as the Atlantic and
Gulf coast is concerned, about three million dol-
lars', and I understand the expenses of collection
jn California were about four hundred and forty
thousand dollars. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is correct 9S to the expense of collecting
o 11 U CI i U J I LI v v V. c 1 ^
fifty thousand dollars, or, under the present re-
duced revenue, not over three million dollars, the
amount I have moved. It is true that new col-
lection districts have been established, and new
offices opened; yet I do contend, sincerely and
honestly, and with no desire to embarrass the
Committee of Ways and Means, that, when our
revenue has diminished, as it has, and as it must
for some time to come, we should cut our gar-
ments according to our cloth. We should en-
deavor to diminish our expenses in every possi-
ble way. If we have placed men in the service,
even temporarily, when they are not now needed,
the Secretary of the Treasury ought to make a
reduction of force under a rigorous system of le-
trenchment; and if he does not do so, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and this House should
assume the responsibility of compelling that re-
trenchment by limiting and leducing the appro-
priations.
Under our present tariff, the amount we receive
per cent, upon imports has run down from twenty-
five to nineteen, on an average. The same amount
of goods which, under the previous taritT, would
have given us $60,000,000, will now give us but
about forty-five million dollars. I do not believe
that the revenue under the present tariff, even
with the revival of business which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania expects, will amount to more
than forty-live million dollars tor the next fiscal
year. And yet we are asked to appropnate
$4,000,000 to collect that amount. It does seem
to me that the Committee of Ways and Means
should aid in reducing this expense; but instead
of that, they demand a larger sum than has ever
before been asked for, for the collection of the rev-
enue.
Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man strike out of an appropriation bill money due
to any officer created by law, and whose salaiy
is fixed by law ?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; but I say to the gen-
tlcman that this is not a bill for the past, but tor
the next fiscal year.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I may concur
with the gentleman m what he says in regard to
the expense of collecting the revenue, but the
difficulty is, the gentleman does not commence in
the right way. The reform should begin by re-
pealing or changing the laws. You should ask
the Secretary of the Treasury to lend his assist-
ance, to point out the evils, to show us where
reductions could be made, and to give us inform-
ation generally about the matter. What I object
to is, after an office is created and a salary fixed,
your refusing to appropuatc the money 111 an
appropnation bill. Introduce your reforms, and
I will go with you.
Mr. COLFAX. I will give two answers to
the gentleman's remarks. In the first place, if I
were to propose a reform upon an appropriation
bill, the gentleman from Pennsylvania would be
the first one to arrest my progress, and have me
ruled out of order. In the second place, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the man at the head of
the finances of the Government should, himself,
recommend retrenchment to Congress, and carry
it out to the fullest extent of his powei, in reduc-
ing the number of subordinates, who could now
be&dispensed with in the present condition of our
revenue. He can look over the whole country,
and see where retrenchment can lie best effected.
If it escapes his watchful eye, then let the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who are charged with
the duty of keeping our appropriations within our
resources, initiate this reform themselves, and if
they will not, then let this House take the respon-
sibility ofarrestnig these extra vagantexpenditures
themselves.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, I will com-
promise with my friend by taking the vote upon
the amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend by adding
a section which I think will meet the approbation
of both the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the
gentleman from Indiana. It is as follows:
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no objection
to that amendment, and hope it will be agreed to
by the gentleman from Indiana
Mr. COLFAX. After a vote has been taken on
my amendment, I will with great pleasure vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
with the single remark that considering the con-
dition that the Treasury lias been in for the last
six or eight months, I think it is rather late in the
day for the Secretary of the Treasury to be called
upon to submit a plan for retrenchment some six
or eight months hereafter.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to have an extract
read from the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury which, I think, will convince every
one that the fault does not rest with the Secretary,
but with this extravagant Congress—extravagant
on all sides, Democratic and Republican.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia is not an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
and the gentleman had better waive it until tile
vote shall have been taken on the amendment ot
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. GARNETT. Very well, sir; Iwiildoso.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to say but a word or two
further. The amount heretofore appropriated was
$2,450,000 for the Atlantic coast, and $440,000 for
A-i die itfurther enacted, That the tSccietary oftlie Treos-
uiy shall tepoit to the next session o! Con^re^s a plan and
estimates for reducing tlio expenses oi the collection of the
revenue, m accordance with the general recommendations
of his iast annual report.
the Pacific coast, making only about three million
dollars, in all. This is an increase of $1,000,000
over the amount that has been heretofore appro-
priated.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It lias cost the sum
of §1,250,000 for the collection of the revenue on
the Pacific coast, which has been abated hereto-
fore, but it will now come into the Treasury. I
hope my friend from Virginia will not insist on
the reading of the report, but that we shall have
a vote.
Mr. GARNETT. Very well, sir.
Mr. Colfax's amendment was rejected.
Mr. GARNETT. I now offer my amendment.
Mr! FLORENCE. I submit the point of order
that that amendment is not authorized by exist-
in" law; it is legislation.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 hope no question of
order will be made on it
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I appeal to my col-
league to withdraw it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will not press the
question of order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move to take
up the bill making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department duung the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1359.
The motion was agreed to, and the first reading
oftlie bill dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, both Houses
of Congiess adopted absolution that they would
adjourn their respective Houses on the 7th of June
next. I saw no good reason tor adopting that
resolution at the time it was introduced. I think
it was exceedingly precipitate, and I do not think
the House will atone much fonts precipitancy by
undertaking to dispatch the business of Congres3
at railroad speed. 1 do not think the bills we are
called upon to consider at this late hour of the
day can be considered with that degree of care 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. What amendment
does the gentleman propose ?
Mr. MILLSON. I have offered no amendment.
The bill is open to geneial debate, and I have a
right to speak about Kansas if I think proper, or
upon any other topic. I say that 1 see no neces-
sity for taking up these bills, and passing upon
them, important, as they undoubtedly are, with-
out that degree of deliberation which ought to be
bestowed upon them by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. It is a poor excuse to say that we
have determined to adjourn on the 7th of June,
and that we will, therefore, dispatch the public
business without due consideration. I think, Mr.
Chairman that there is greater necessity for ad-
journing every day at four or^five o'clock than
there is for adjourning on the 7th of June. 1 am
willing to stay here till the 7th of August, or the
7th of September, if necessary; but I am not will-
in" that the House shall remahi m session—such
few members as choose to remain—until these late
