356
APPENDIX TO JTHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
I did not mean to characterize it at all. I do not
^ook upon it as a party press, so far as I have ob-
served it, in any way. It seema to mo, with
very little incidental matter, during the session
at least, to be only the vehicle for conveying to
the country the debates in Congress. I do not
look xipon it as a party press; but what I said
was this: that it would appear that tlve burden of
sustaining a daily paper was thrown upon the re-
porting of the Senate, without saying anything
of the merts of the paper, one way or the other.
I have never lookea at the paper except as the
vehicle ofcionveymg the debates of Congress.
Mr. BELL. I ask the Senator how we could
get these leports to the country unless in a printed
sheet. They must go in some form of that char-
acter ?
Mr. MASON. I make no attack on the paper;
hut what I mean is, that, according to my judg-
ment, the conductor of that paper, on whom is
thrown the responsibility for these debates, does
riot know, or does not appreciate, the relation that
I say subsists between the reporter and the Sen-
ate; that he undertakes to prescribe to the Senate
what the Senate has a right to prescribe to itself;
and none outside of the Senate can do if. The
contract read just now by the Senator from Ark-
ansas I had looked at some tune ago; for my at-
tention was drawn to it by this circular, and if, is
nothing m the world but an order of the Senate
that $7 50 a column should be paid to this news-
paper for printing the debates; and he obtains the
debates by having them reported. I think the
same price was paid for a tiirfe to two other papers
here—the Intelligencer and the Union. After a
year or two yeais'expei lence, those papers thiew
tip the arrangement with a very respectful letter
to the Senate, stating the fact that they found
they could not support the burden, and that, with
every disposition in the world to publish the de-
bates, they found they were not compensated for
it, and woie obliged to throw it up. Now, H may
be—I do not mean to controvert that /act, and
have not controverted it—that the editor of tins
paper is not compensated sutlieteiuly for procur-
ing the debates and afterwauhs publishing them, j
That may be true for all that I know—I do not '
mean to controvert it; but 1 mean to say that, as
long as the present contractor understands the re- |
lations which subsist between him and the Sen- 1
ate, as imparted by this circular, I am for chang- J
ing the contractor in some way. I have got the 1
circular since the debate arose, and, as it strikes 1
me, it is more subject to the remarks i made upon
it than the introductory matter in lus newspapui.
The language of ii, in one of his paragraphs, is
this—it is dated the 18th of February:
" Km : Htvrjnl tunes tin-^es-jon J have published in the
Daily (ilolM: my plan foi lvpoitni!; and j>ubltiIhmI.'
ol Cou^ie^m ; bur m\ mtk'le-i on tin-. subject mviu to
hav< hern ovrilooked oi forgotten b\ member ; anil [ now
revolt lo tbi-, punted h'ltei lonupiint on then minds, the
course I intend 10 pm -ue in publicum* tlieir speeches, a-, ,
lomi I shall eonlnmo [o publish them.'' !
And then he lays down his rules. One of them
is tins: |
" it u member shall dosiie to look over ami revi.-e ln-> re- j
mai U< ns taken (low n bv niv leporteis, befoie lliev ai<> pub- i
lulled in the Dailv (ilobe, he may call at my pnniin^ oihee
ru any nun- between m-\ en and len o'clock. p. in.. <)l' I he day ,
ihevu'eic ns.ide. and do <o ; but he must not do anj tiling 1
uioie ill.in inakc ;il,in lew-ion. It h:i-> been mv eu-iom, ,
until tins session, to send out the m.uni-ei ipr I e[K>i t to tho^e 1
meiiilicjs who have requested it: but the hbeitie-i that -om<> ;
have taken with the eopy, iti alien mr it m.neiiail\, and |
thereuy ni.ikinir nonsen-e of tin* speeches oi othei^who '
ha/c lepheii io them in the debaie. or in withholding it tot i
day-;, u eek-j. and ^omennje-s altogether, and thus maioii'? I
file debate- nnpeiieet o; iinintelhjiifole, have eau-ed me lo j
come lo the K-olution that siieh a eoui -e vhall not he pei- ,
nutted in inline, f-o Ion;' a - f may connmie to publish th< m. j
H i- due to hiu ne*^ f<  a lata'' majority of memhei v, and to I
the whole eommnmfv, that Mich a piactiee should bo ai- i
rested and puuiown." I
Arid then he has other rules, to which I think ■
it unnecessary to advert, for ids own government;
and he concludes in this way: i
"I ask thp tavor of member to keep thi« letter in their i
aes-ks, so thai thev can readily relet to it in ea-e ol donbi: I
toi it is worse tlutu useless to have tule.s ami not eonloim !
to the!u.M j
Now, what I mean to say is-that, unless I am i
very much mistaken, the writer of this letter dots .
not understand the relations that subsist between j
the reporter and the Senate, certainly not as 1 mi- j
derstand them. I have never had any difficulty |
with this editor in my life. So far as my inter- l!
I course has been conducted with his press, it has
i been af the most conciliatory and kind charac-
I ter. I never had any difficulty with reference to
any remarks I have made, or to the revision of
any speech of any kind; but, on the contrary, I
have noted with great pleasure that, in revising
them, which I have sometimes thought it right to
do, I have found the report universally and ex-
traordinarily accurate. I am, therefore, not ob-
jecting to the reports; but 1 say he assumes to say
that he can prescribe to the Senate the rules by
| which they are to be governed in their official in-
| tcrcourse with him. He says,in conclusion, keep
I this letter by you, because it is idle to have rules
j unless they arc conformed to. 1 spokeofthat, also,
' in reference to what fell from the Senator from
1 Tennessee and the Senator from Arkansas, who
; thought that my remarks had been of a harsh char-
] acter towards this man. I certainly do not mean
| them in this light. He stands as any other gen-
' tleman in society, as far as I know, a fair, and hon-
! est, and honorable man. I have very little per-
f sonal acquaintance with him; and there is nothing
; in our relations which would lead rue to say any-
thing that could justly be taken as an offense. I
: spoke of it as insolent. I think Iur^d the true and
1 correct term. It is haughty, overbearing, and out
of place. That I understand to be the true meaning
| of the word insolent—haughty, overbearing, and
' out of place. It is a departure from the relations
i that subsist between him and the Senate who have
! employed him to do this work; and, if these are
. to be the relations, 1 should insist on having them
j severed.
[ The duty of reporting is one like any other oc-
; cupation for which men are employed. lie is to
report the remarks of the Senatois. lie under-
takes here to charge them with taking liberties.
Liberties with whom? With him, or with his
business? If he looks at it in that light, I should
say that he does not understand the relations in
j which a reporter stands to the Senate, lie is etn-
:! ployed to report the speeches; and if liberties are
j take ii in the li<;ht lie means, they are liberties with
i the other Senators, not witluthe teporter; and if
: the fact be as he alleges that there is an unfair-
; ness, and that members sometimes change oralter
or modify their language in such a way as to make
the remark's of others senseless, then the offense
i is to the party who is thus treated, but the reporter
j has nothing to do with it. I should he for reform-
! ing the whole system in some way m order that
j we may have, I liope, the same corps of reporters,
: for I am satisfied we eould not have better, but to
I have them in different hands,
j Mi. FESSENDEN". I wish to add a word,
i Uiou2.li I am very sorry to do so. I disagree to -
;! tally with the honorable Senator fiom Virginia,
I j except in relation to the phraseology of that paper
!j which he has read. As to the newspaper part of
it, it. is perfectly manifest, that if we desire to
j publish our debates at all, it is a very important
j matter to give them as wide a circulation as pos-
' sible. Now, then, if wo publish them separate
■ from the idea of a newspaper, which is to be paid
; foi, of course itcreates very much gieater expunse
, for the country than it does to conduct matters in
their present shape. The way that Mr. Hives
, manages it now, I understand, is, that he puts
, them in the shape of a newspaper, and that news-
paper is subscribed for and paid for, and in that
1 way the debates have a very wide circulation—I
' wish it was much wider. If it were not for the
] newspaper, or something in the shape of a news-
paper, connected with it, of course we should
| have to make an appropriation for the purpose of
] giving as laige a circulation as possible to ourde-
I bates, and that would brin^a much larger expense
on the Government. It is one part of the process
| by which the reporter, Mr. Rives, obtains his
' pay, that he has the ability to send out a news-
: paper to subscribers winch subscubers pay for
I what they get. If it was not for that, we should
| have to send it out gratis to such persons as we
! mightselect,and the number, of course, would be
: very much lessened, and besides, the expense of
the Government would be much greater.
It is certainly not exactly the right view of it
to say that it is a newspaper press, although it
assumes that shape, for we all know there is very
seldom anything in jt except our debates. Only on
those occasions when the debates are so meager
that it is impossible for him to fill up his paper
with the debates, does he put in some of the cur-
rent news of the day to make up a paper. Ordi-
narily there is nothing at all there. In my appre-
hension, the mode we have adopted in order to
circulate the debates of Congress is the best one
in the world, because the result is that a large
portion of the community who subscribe to the
paper, pay a portion of the expense of reporting
our debates, and if it is not done in that way the
Government would have to pay it altogether, or
we should have to abandon the system.
Now as to the rule Mr. Rives has laid down.
I differ there from the Senator, and from anybody
who objects to them. When a speech is made on
this floor, it ceases to be the property of the in-
dividual who made it. He hasjio right to change
it. He has no right to change an idea in it, sub-
stantially. It is spoken to the Senate, for the
country, for the purpose, as we arrange things
now, of being circulated. It becomes the prop-
erty of the Senate, and the property of the coun-
try; and when a gentleman replies to that speech,
it becomes, also, his property so far as to entitle
him to the right ofhaving it accurately represented.
I hold that no man here, whose speech is replied
to, or whose speech is not repfted to, has a right
to alter it in any substantial particular; and that
it is not for me, when I have made any remarks
here-which have been replied to, to say that the
remarks 1 made are exclusively mine, and that I
may change them. Mr. Rives, or whoever the
reporter may be, is perfectly right in saying that
he, being employed to report the debates for the
Senate, will not allow one Senator to do injustice
to another. That is the simple principle which
he goes upon. 1 have just as much right to soy
that a speech which I have Vophed to shall not be
changed essentially, as the person who made it
has to say it shall be; and 1 have as full right to
complain ifit is done; and more, for 
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask the Senator, sup-
pose therepoi ter of the Senate reports you as say-
ing what you did not, who is riirht then ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the right is unques-
tionable to have it corrected.
Mr.TOOMBS. Who judges of it? Is it judged
by you or the reporter'
Mr FESSENDEN". As all other questions.
Mr. TOOAIBS. How will you settle it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I can convince the re-
porter that I am misrepresented 
Mr. TOOMBS, is he the final arbiter?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, the reporter
who has taken down my remarks is the arbiter.
He takes them down, and there is the record.
Otherwise there would be no rule by which to
ij settle those matters. If we employ a man to re-
!! port the debates of the Senate, and he takes down
[! the words from my mouth, he must, if they are
j| inportant, report them as he understands them
to be given; and if I say he is wrong, all I have
jl to do is to come into the Senate the next day and
ji put myself on record,by declaring "I have been
!: reported as saying so and so; I did not intend to
, say it; it is a misapprehension." The reporter
certainly is the person to settle it in a contest bc-
i' tween him and me m relation to the matter; but
J where a speech is replied to and commented upon,
• ! there can be no mistake in such a case as that,
1! because the thing appeals on the face of it.
J I understand also from the reporter that some
gentlemen were in the habit of keeping their
!; speeches a very considerable time,sometimes not
returning them at all jand in that way he was de-
" prived of so much oi his pay—so much of his
; profits. When he reports a speech and has written*
i it out, it is his property; he has a right to be paid
| j for it. He is paid so much a column, and he has
!, as much right to that speech, and more, than the
ij person who made it; because, having made it,
;| there is an end of it so far as he is concerned, ex-
i! cept to set himself right on the record if he is mis-
j) represented. That is my understanding, and there-
ij fore I think there is no complaint to be made in
j; this particular.
|l The only complaint that is to be made, in my
j | judgment, is in reference to the language m which
!' Mr. Rives has chosen to make his communication
:! to Senators. I do not think that that is m the
| j most respectful termsin the world; that is to say,
li it is rather peremptory. I do not believe he mear.t
