1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
whole of that conversation, nor will I undertake ;
to give the language used, because every gentle-
man, whether he be a lawyer or not, knows how
impossible it is to give tfce details of such conver-
sations, or the precise language used by any in-
dividual. I do not desire to do the gentleman from
Illinois any injustice. The conversation was com-
menced by him. I did not know what his pur-
pose was. He commenced by speaking of the po-
sition which had been taken by thedistinguished.:
Senator from Illinois, and by his colleagues in l
this House, upon the Kansas question. I under-
stood him distinctly to say, that upon a confer- |
once of the friends of Judge Douglas—the friends
from Illinois—it had been agreed that he should
" take the course which he has pursued in reference
I to-the Kansas question, as the only means by
t; which he could sustain himself at home; that un-
|l?less he did take that course, he would not only
feinevitably suffer defeat at home himself, but his
friends would fall with him.
During this conversation, which, as I have said,
;.was one of some length, and which was held with
me as a friend of Judge Douglas, somethingwas
said about some arrangement by which the Dem-
ocratic party could act together, and stand a unit
upon this question. We talked a good deal upon
that subject. During the conversation there was
a statement made, that one reason why Judge
Douglas felt himself aggrieved, and why he had
pursued this course, was, that there had been an
attempt upon the part of the present Administra-
tion to destroy him, to crush him, to break him
down; that his friends had been neglected in ap-
pointments, and the claims of Illinois overlooked;
and that Judge Hm c,i.\s did not intend to be
crushed by the Administration.
This, sir, is flu- substance of {hc conversation
which occurred. 1 do not pretend to give the lan-
guage; but I have given substantially the facts
which were involved in that conversation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. 1 wish to ro-
maik that 1 have nothing to do with the question
of recollection, or the question ofvracity, which-
ever it may be, bet ween my colleague and the
gentleman from Virginia, or the gentleman from
• Kentucky. I was never more surprised in my
life than when the .gi ntieinan from Virginia yes- (
terday made the charge. I knew not upon what j
authority. It was tin tirst lime I had ever heard
such an" intimation, in i.ny manner, shape, or
form. I frit 31 to be my duly then to get up and
state that the charge that any such conference had
been held by the Illinois delegation was untrue.
X repeat here to-day, upon authoi icy, thuf no such
conference, in anv manner, shape, or form, was
ever held by the tlhnois delegation, or any part
thereof. I was astonished at the charge made yes-
terday by the gentleman from Virginia. icon-
suited the members of the delegation last evening,
and I now state distinctly and emphatically that
the charge that any such comulla'ion or confer-
ence was ever held by the Illinois delegation is
untrue. That, i suppose, is distinctly under-
stood.
While I am up I desire to allude to another sub-
ject, and f shall speak of it more at length in
future, if I can get the door. I had not intended
to submit any jemarks upon this Kansas ques-
tion until 1 heard the 'lentlemaii from Virginia
yesterday. Jt seems to be the i.oliey of gentlemen
upon tins question to make k a personal one. 1
understood the gentleman from Virginia, and 1
desire to know "whether I understood hnn cor-
rectly or not, to say that iho plan adopted for sub-
mittingthe Lecompton const.tution had been di-
rectly or indirectly sancti med by Judge Douglas ;
that Mr. Calhoun, the president of the contention
which framed the constitution, had written to
Judge Douglas upon the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois, that if he goes into
another personal explanation upon another sub-
ject it is difficult to tell win re it'would lead to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of' Illinois. I merely de-
sired to call the attention of the House to the
subject, and to say thatsuch a charge, if the Gen-
tleman intended to make it, is wholly unauthor-
ized, and not in accordance with the fac's.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. A word or two us
reply to what the gentleman has said, and elso
personal to myself. 1 will be very Imcf, how-
ever, because with many of the questions I now
have nothing to do.
Whether, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, there
was a conference or not, is a question of fact with
which I have nothing to do. The only question
of fact with which I have to do is that in refer-
ence to the. conversation that I had with the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Morris.] Upon that fact
I have now nothing further to say. There are,
however,one or two other matters incidental to it
to which I desire very briefly to refer. It is said
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Morris,j
that this conversation occurred in his room, in
the presence of his family. That is true, sir; but j
I went with a view to consult with him, as he has
stated, and this public subject came up in conver-
sation after that private matter was disposed of.
Tt was not in any degree, directly or indirectly,
with an understanding of confidence. On the con-'
trary, the gentleman and myself agree in opinion
that when public men converse on public sub-
jects, without an understanding of confidence,
they can, each and all, speak at their will and ;
pleasure. Such is the opinion of the gentleman 1
fiom Illinois, and it is rather singular that he
shouhl introduce the question here for the purpose
of affecting my personal position. I wish it un-
derstood, having no political secrets of my own,
that, when I speak of political questions or am ,
spoken to about them, t regard them as a part of
the political interests of the country, and shall so ■
consider and treat them, unless there is a different j
understanding. The honorable gentleman from !
Kentucky [i\lr. Buuntki't] has stated, what no ,
doubt he correctly understands, that 1 applied, to
him for liberty to use his name, and he declined
to agree to it. There wen- two gentlemen pros- '
ent at the conversation, one of whom did decline, ,
and, no doubt, the gentleman from Kentucky
meant to be so understood. 1 \entuiv to say that
f did not so understand him, because if I had i
would not have referred to him. ihitit js a niet-
' (er of no consequence. 1 make this explanation
j for the purpose of having the thingTigluly under- '
| stood and without any intention of pressing an y-
| body to the wall. I say this, and I say it br.elly,
! that 1 hold it to be a duty to (he country if i can
| tiacc out, by any proper and legitimate means,
j the secret motives and private purposes of public ■
| men, to do so; and not to let them carry out their
! selfish objects in the name of patriotism and the .
country. I
Mr. WRIGIIT, of Georgia. I call for the reg- !
ular order of business. We might as well stop i
this matter now as at any other time. [Cries of j
"No!" "No!"] Permit me to say a word. I!
think this controversy might stop here without,
the character of either gentleman suffering in the
public estimation, or in the estimation of this ;
House. If it is allowed to continue, it must of
necessity run into personalities. Permit me to say
now, sir, that this h not the arena to indulge in
personalities, or the results of personalities. I i
deprecate it at all times,.and there seems to be a ;
tendency just now to drive everything to this ,
point. i
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker  I
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. J object.
ivlr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and the motion was ;
!] disagreed to.
'j Mr. WRIGHT, of Geoigia. F withdraw my
!; objection.
j 'Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois I desire to repeat
>' what 1 first said, or to be understood ns repeating '
j1 it, and to add, 1 have not sought to implicate the ■
['• gentleman from Virgnut by any private eonver- ;
I: sation. I might state what ho said to me in the j
■ i one he refers to, but I do not choose to follow his
!; example. So far as the ivmn^ks of the gen, lemnn
'! from XCenUr'ky are concerned, they sub^.tmially
;■ agree with my statement, ami 1 am saur-tied will
!| be so regarded, lie does not say that I informed
ii him that there had been a meeting or conference
'! of the Illinois delegation with a view to advise Air.
Dowlas to oppose the Leeompton constitution to
: secure his rejection to the Senate, or for any cilv r
' purpose, as is charged by the gen thane u from Vir-
«, gima; but speaks of my having alluueu to a con-
ference of Illinois fiicnds, not delegates, which I
, have explained in my preceding observation*.
;■ Hence he does not sustain the allegation mad., by
i the member from Virginia, and he is thrown back
i 1 upon the private conversation had with me m my
' private room. He announces to the IIou^o it is :
his settled purpose and determination to use all
such conversations when he thinks the public in-
terest requires it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think it well to
say here, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not know that
the gentleman diaws the distinction between a
public and a private conversation. He seems, or
pretends to hold, that a casual conversation which
occurred, as he has admitted this did, in my own
piivate chamber, is a public conversation. I leave
it for the members of the House and the country
to determine whether that conversation was a pub-
lic one, and to judge of it and its pretended dis-
closures, if it was not, as justice may require. It
is a gratuitous and unauthorized remark of his,
that I agreed with hnn as to the propriety of dis-
closing what passed at such interviews.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have only one
sentence to utter. I did not say, as the gentle-
man supposes, that I would use private and con-
fidential conversations for public uses; but I said
this, that without the injunction of confidence, I
regarded no conversation on public questions, be-
tween public men, as private conversations; and I
will not permit a traitor to the great interests of
my country to carry out his purposes in the name
of natr.otism and duty. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am glad to find
the gentleman is so full of patriotism; and that he
is determined to guard each avenue of danger, and
defend it to the last.
Hut I did not rise to discuss that matter. I wish
simply to say this, that although we may not, in
our social and familiar conversations each to the
other, iequest that they should be regaided as se-
cret end confidential, still, sir, loose and idle re-
marks sometimes nc^ur, and, without an injunc-
tion of that kind, they aie not used by any man's
friends. What member of this IJou.se would de-
sire every convu.sation he may have had with his
teilowmombn 3 or his friends, m his private, room,
in a hotel, or at a private boarding house, to be
biougbt in liuie and retailed to the country in a
speech ; Theie is not a man in this House who
couid not be placed, by such a course as that, m
a position wnich he would not desire to occupy.
Supposing he is talking to confidential and inti-
mate friends or to other gentlemen, he may use
expressions and make remarks for which lie might
not desire to be held responsible, and which, if
taken isolated and alone, might be made to bear
a different eonsn action from that which he in-
tended. Such 
Mr. GrROEdBECK. I rise to a question of
order, is this discussion m order? I want to put
a stop to it.
The SPEAKER, It is a difficult matter for the
Chair to determine what is, and what is not, in
order, when permission is given to gentlemen to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I desire to say,
that there is no nccessit}'for any personal feeling
m this matter. The statements of both gentlemen
i can easily be reconciled. It ail turns uoon the
i word " conference," whether this delegtuon had
a conference or not.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the regular order
of business.
The motion of Mr. LuTcncrt was then agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the sta'e of the
Union, (Mr. Bocock in the chair,) and resumed
| the consideration of the deficiency oill.
j ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
i The CHAIRMAN stated that th" .gentleman
| from Oregon [Mr. Lake] was entitled to the door.
I Mr. LANE. My reason for seeking the floor
j to-day is to place myself right before my constit-
uents. this House, and the country, in regard to
, the affairs of Oregon.
! it will be recollected, sir, that about the last of
January I had the honor to present to the House
the constitution of the State of Oregon. It was
presented, referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and Oidered to be printed. I believe it lias
always been ihe custom, or rule, of both Houses
! of Congress, when a document is ordered to be
I printed, to print two copies for each member of
! the House and for each member of the Senate.
