1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 1395
About the 3d dayofFebruary,ifI recollectaiight,
the constitution ofthc State of Oregon was printed,
and placed in the boxes of members of the House,
and one copy laid upon the desk of each member
of the Senate, and a copy for each member of the
Senate was retained in the document-room. We
are not so kindly waited on here,forwe have not
the pleasure of having documents placed upon
oui* desks; though we can always have them by
sending to the document-room.
In a debate, Mr. Chairman, which took place
a few days ago upon the floor of the Senate upon
the subject of the Oregon constitution, remarks
were made by my honorable friend from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Gw in,] and the distinguished Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that would, if they
should go to the country without being corrected,
do me great injustice; and therefore I have felt it
due to myself, and to the people I represent, to
place the matter fairly before the House, that
my people may know that I have not been neg-
lectful of the duty which I owe to them upon
this floor. I will refer to the report of that debate.
Mr. Gwim inquired of the Senator from Illinois if
there was any objection at that time to taking up
the Oregon constitution, and to providing for the
admission of Oregon and Minnesota at the same
time. In reply to the inquiry, the distinguished
Senator from Illinois said:
" J will say, m response to the Senator from California,
that I have not biought up a proposition foi the admi^ion
of Oregon, for the reason that L have received no oUicial m-
foimauon that bh<' ha  made a constitution. She ha*s sent
no constitution hero. We have no facts, no evidence, bo-
fore us, showing that to be the case. IVor lias the President
so informed u.s; norhavc we any otlicual information, tiom
any source, on the Mibjoet. Havm« learned, fiom the now-;
papeis, that a convention had been hold there ; that ir Lad
formed a constitution, and it had been submitted to and nit
ified by tiie p"oplu,I have wondered why it vva^ that it had
not found its way here, tspoke to the Delegate 111 ihrt othei
Hou-e, General Lane, about it, and I told him that I under-
stood that he had presented it to the House 01 tlepn^onrd-
tives. He said he had ; hut he thought he had better let it
sleep until the contest about Kansas and Mimie.-ota was
over. I said to him that whenever he de.-ireci action here,
and would furnk-h me with a copy of the corMi'.ution or
Oioson, pioperly certifiod, F would take ^reat ploa-ur' in
imtmnn<; the vteps .it once for her admission. He thanked
me {or the =ai™e^tion. and-aul he would attend u> it Hp
hav rot done bu yet, and lienor wc have nothing heie to aet
upon
Now, Mr. Chairman, T introduced the consti-
tution here ns soon as 1 received it, and had it re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. The
chairmcn of that committee informed me that he
heaid no objection to it; that at a proper time a
bill for the admission of Oregon would be brought
in; and that he could see no good reason why it
should not go through at once.
] told Mr. Douglas that I did not desire to em-
barrass Kansas with Oregon, or to have Oregon
mixed up with Kansas. I said that Oregon hail
come here without an enabling act, without au-
thority of Congress, and without the interference
of the people of any Stole or political organiza-
tion in her domestic affairs. But on learning that
the Kansas matter had been disposed of in the
Senate, I saw no good reason why Oregon should
not be then taken up and disposed of at the same
time with Minnesota. I therefore went to the
Senate with the constitution of Oregon m my hand,
to see the Senator from Illinois. He was not in
his seat; and, alter wailing some tune I told the
Senator from California-thai I would feel very
much obliged if ho would take thcconstitutionand
bring the matter up. The copy of the constitu-
tion which I presented was as thoroughly certified
as need be—for it was a printed copy properly
authenticated, which 1 had also presented here.
The Senator from Illinois, m reply to the Senator
from California, expressed himself surpiised that
the constitution had not been piesented. He
says:
'• i should do fo, but f have never seen the constitution of
Oie ori. I do not know what in it; I do not Know the
bou.icianej- of the proposed new State-; I do nut know any-
thing concerning it. X have never bet eyed on the docu-
ment; and, if iVlio.ild ollm-a piopo*iu"m, it wm^d he at
random, i do not know whether her corbutunon is such
a one as I could sanction ot not; but I suppose it is. I
should think, iiowevei, the Df,'e<;.uo would pie^ent it to the
Senate, and icier it to the coavniUee.' LeUhe committee
read over the constituMo*], and iepoi t the facte. I should
take areat pleasme in culling a special m of the com-
mittee at any moment foi immediate iction upon it; nnd 1
wouid hui i v it thiou^h o* ta.-t as I could ; but 1 do «iot foci
authored to take a paper which X have never yet mid an
oppoitunity ot reading, and move the admission of a State
Oil it, when I do not know what it contained.''
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the Senator from Illi-
nois had not read the constitution of Oregon it was
his own fault, for it had been printed and laid oiV"1
his desk. I have not the privilege, as yet, of
presenting any measure in the Senate. The time
is some three or four months distant when I can
have that privilege, and it is not very certain that
I shall have it; but I hope I shall. I am satis-
fied thdft the people of Oregon will regulate that
matter as to them may seem just and right. I
shall be content with their action; believing, at
the same time, that if I am permitted to occupy a
seat in the Senate, it will be for the advantage of
the people of Oregon and of the whole Union.
But, Mr. Chairman, if this report were allowed
to go out uncorrected, the people of Oregon would
at once say that their Delegate did not care a cent
whether Oregon was admitted or not. Now, I
think that every gentleman who has served with
me on this floor will bear witness to my fidelity
in the discharge of my duties. I understand my
duties toward the people of Oregon, and I think
they understand mo. I have not been unmindful
of this thing. I have not failed to speak to the
chairman of the Committee on Territories from
time to time; but it was his opinion that the mat-
ter had better rest until the Kansas difficulty
should be disposed of, when he said he would
bring in a bill for the admission of Oregon; and I
am certain that all sides of the House will go for
such bill.
I conversed yesterday with the Senator from
Illinois on this subject; and ho said at once that
he saw by the repoit of his remarks that he had
done me great injustice, and that he would avail
himself of the first opportunity to place me right.
I know ho will do so. And now! desire it to be
( understood that I shall lose no time m urging
|; action on the application of Oregon for admission;
: and I hope to do so successfully, for 1 have yet
heard no objection to it fro n any <:rntl'jman with
whom I have conversed on the subject.
I will say, however, Mr. Chairman, that it has
been unfortunately my lot here to have to wait,
on many occasions, for action of the two Mouses
on Oregon matters. You will remember that at
the last session of Congress an enabling bill for
Oregon passed this House, but failed to pass the
Senate, authorizing the people of Oregon to hold
a convention and form a State constitution, and
providing for the admission of Oivgon into the
Union under it. The House at the same time
passed a similar bill for Minnesota. The latter
passed the Senate; anil a law was passed, by
which a giant of lands, to the amount of six or
eight million dollars, was made to that Territory.
We were told over nod over again that Oregon
should have an enabling act; and 1 waited m the
Senate, night after night, watching fursuch action,
but waited in vain.
I only speak of this as a matter of foitune. It
is our fortune on some occasions to be neglected.
All these things were done for Minnesota, and
■ not for Oregon. I certainly do not eomplam that
they were done for Minnesota, but I think they
; should also have been done for Oregon, or at least
| that an enabling act should have been passed,
j I sec no good reason, now that Kansas is neatly
' disposed of, why the two new States of Oregon
j and Minnesota should not be admitted together.
I But if the Senate chooses to admit Minnesota
! first, and Oregon afterwards, I suppose I should
1 be content, satisfied as I am at all times tnat Ore-
! gon will be admitted during the present session.
} Now, sir, after I have said thus much about
J Oregon. I must be pardoned by my friends on
I both sides of the House if 1 expiess, very briefly,
i my views in regard to this perplexing question
| which has agitated the country ior the last three
I or four years, and which continue1? to engross al-
f most the entire attention of both House of Con-
S gross—the Kansas question.
| Since I have been honored with a seat upon this
I floor, gentlemen upon the other side of tin House
! have proclaimed, almost dav by day, that no moffc
' slave States shall be admitted into this Union, and
! that there shall be no further extension of slavery.
! Til's declaration has been made by gentlemen
; from the North. Now, sir, I hve in the Norm,
further Nortli, perhaps, than almost any gentle-
i man m this House. I am a northern man. buta
, national man. Mv affections embrace the whole
! soil of this Union." If 1 should see any attempt
upon the part of the southern States to infringe
• upon the rights of the North, I would be the iirsl
to rebuke them and to resist their aggressions. If ■
I should hear my southern friends proclaiming^
that slavery should be extended by the power of"
this American Government, I would say," Hold,
my friends, you have no right to extend slavery
by such means." The South, however, has pro-
claimed no such purpose.
But, while I would rebuke the South for thus
seeking to extend slavery, I would" also rebuke
the North when they proclaim thatno more slave
States shall be admitted into the Union. They
have no right, in justice or in equity, to carry out
such a policy, l^hey have no right to say that
slavery shall not be extended into Oregon, or any
other Territory or State. In Oregon we have taken
the liberty of regulating thatmatterfor ourselves; , "
and a majority of our people have decided that j
slavery shall'not exist there. For aught I know, ?
that will be their decision for all coming time, ij
say, then,to my northern friends, that it is not,
just, nor is itpatriotic—it is not in conformity with$
that feeling ofequality and fraternity which should "
exist among the people of this Union—for them""
to say that no more slave States shall be admitted
into the Union. It is unjust, and in a bad spirit.
I regret to sec such a feeiing exhibited upon the
floor of this House.
Mr. Chairman, my affections rest on every inch
of this country. The Constitution is my pillar
of strength, arnd the rights of the States are-as
sacred in my view as the Constitution itself; and
he who would infringe upon a single right of a
State guarantied in that Constitution, or would
refuse to admit a State, with or without slavery,*"
if her constitution be republican iniorm has
in my judgment, a proper estimate of the duties-
of an American citizen.
But, sir, this question of slavery is a perplexing
one, and ought not to be agitated. Leave it where
the Constitution leaves it. Let the people of every
State regulate their own institutions for them-
selves.
You recollect, Mr. Chairman, that in May,
1854, the Kansas-Nebraska bill was the cause of
such excitement as was never before seen in Con-
gress—an excitement which spread all over the
country. That bill passed. Itsecured tothe peo-
ple of the Territories, when they come to form-
their own State constitutions, the right to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States. Every means was resorted toby
gentlemen on the other side of the House to de-
feat tiie bill. They fought it step by step through
this House, and through Congress. Failing,
, however, to defeat the bill in Congress, they rc-
j sorted to the plains of Kansas to defeat there the
i principles of the bill. They went there under the
; auspices of emigrant aid societies, and under the
1 pressof violent anti-slavery propagandism. They
! used every means and appliance to defeat the
! object of the bill. They did everything in their ,
! power to prevent the administration of the terri-
1 tonal government of that Territory. They went
j there not only with these agencies and appliances,
i but with Sharped rifles, for the purpose of resist-
! ing the laws of the Territory and of the ^United
i States. All their movements were revolutionary,
j They got up revolutionary conventions under the
i lead of some of the worst men that ever disgraced
! humanity, for the purpose of thwarting the exe-
! cution of the laws and the honest endeavors of
the late and present Administrations to maintain
! peace and quiet in the Territory.
1 This question, Mr. Chairman, has continued
to agitate the cou ntry from the time of the passage
< of the Kansas-Nebraska bill to this moment; and
! I think gentlemen will agree with me that the
; country requires that Congress shall settle this
i question. Gentlemen will agree with me in say-
| ing that there has been agitation enough; that the
; people are surfeited to nausea with the discussion _
' upon this Kansas question; that it ought to be
| settled; and that the time of Congress ought to be
\ devoted to more important measures—to the con-
struction of the Pacific railroad; to providing for
| the protection of the country; arid to lookingafter
! the interests, not of the South alone, not of the
North alone, but of every inch of our country.
| We want peace, harmony, and good feehng; ana
i while this agitation is kept up there cannot be inat
I harmony which ought to exist among the great
I sisterhood of States, % ~
1 The Lecompton constitution is now before con-
