358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13",
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—-Mr. Brown.
Senate.
that if the House of Representatives were to pay
all his workmen, and pay for his type, and pay
for his paper, and for his binding, it would be-
<$>me the honor of the Senate to pay it too. If
they take.money out of the Treasury to pay those
who set his type, and to pay his house rent, the
honor of the Senate is concerned, that this honor-
able body must not be excelled in profligacy by
their brothers in the-House of Representatives,
and therefore ours ought to be on the same basis
—those who report here. That is all the argu-
ment. You do not even show that he does not
pay them enough. Who knows what is paid to
them ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Four dollars
and fifty cents a column.
Mr. TOOMBS. How much does that amount
to by the day, or week, or month ? Do not come
at me with columns, or ems, or picas. You had
better come at me with Greek or Latin, for I
could brush up on them a little. You had better
come at me even with Hebrew, for I believe I
looked at that when I was at college. Anything
but ems and picas. Whenever you come at me
with that, you might as well talk Choctaw to me.
Nobodyhere understandsit,and it is not intended
that we shall understand it. I take it that Mr.
Rives, who has been bred to this business, and
has made a fortune by it, knew what he was about
when he agreed to do this reporting and printing
for $7 50 a column. He knew what he was about
when he got us to give him a cent for five pages.
He did not make any mistake then. I do not
know what it amounted to by counting his ems
and ens; but I find, on looking at the items of ex- |
penditure reported to us by the proper olHccr, that j
that gave him an increase of fifty per cent, on his i
old terms. I could not woik it out in ems, but I
canin dimes. He knew howmany dimes it would
bring.
.Now, without, knowing whether his pay is suf-
ficient or not, whether it is a good contract or a
bad contract, whether he pays these people half
enough or three times too much, you say it con-
cerns the honor of this assembly of conscript
fathers to pay as much as the House of Repre-
sentatives pays to Mr. Rives's servants and em-
ployes—that they are not to exceed you in what
you choose to call liberality, but what is really
Kquaiulering the public money. Perhaps here, in
accordance with the history of the woild in all
ages and all countries, the people will take pay in
the lip service of which 1 have before spoken; but
I am inclined to think that public extravagance is
a self-limiting disease, though it oftentimes kills
the patient. Wc speak of the conniptions of
Mexico, of Spain, of France, and of other Gov-
ernments, with i\ great deal of truth, according to
all accounts; but liom my experience and obser-
vations, which have been somewhat extensive, I
do not believe to-day tiir ie is as corrupt a (rov-
einmcnt under the heavens us that of these Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HALE, Nor I either.
Several other Skvatoks. I a<rree to that.
Mr. TOOMBS. And most of all its coiruption
is in the legislative department.
Mr. CAMERON, is not the majority respons-
ible?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; the man \vhogi\es
the vote is responsible; and if the pi ople e\ ri come
to understand that, w e shall have a i efornu but not
till then. I am responsible foi my vote, and not
for another's. Every tub should sund on its own
bottom. If the people want to put an end to ex-
travagance, let them punish the men who give the
votes—and my whole object is to bring the subject
to the attention of the country. It is my deliber-
ate judgment, that tins is a wrongful expenditure
of the public money; I think it is a wasteful one.
It will go out to the people, and they will take
hold of it. Perhaps, if I have time, I shall write
out this speech, and put it in a newspaper, or have
it printed, and" sent to my constituents. In that
w.ty it will get before them; but I have no idea
that it will get anywhere, in the Globe, except the
cellars and garrets about here. One of the com-
plaints of this printer is, that nobody will take his
books; and that when new membeis come in, to
whom he is authorized to sell a set, our younger
Liethren of the House of Representatives—Young
Amcnca—knowing that they are worth nothing,
! commute rather than take the trash. That is one
j of his grievances, and I think we ought to make
■ that up to him. By law he says he is entitled to
; furnish sets to new members of the House of Rep-
I resentatives; and that of one hundred and thirty-
one new members, there was not one who appre-
ciated his learning, or your wisdom,and therefore
he says the dogs commuted and took money, or
got another set somewhere else. You can make
nobody take his paper except by law; it requires
an act of Congress to make any human being take
the Globe at all. That is one of his complaints,
and it is true. I am not surprised at it. Ourpeo-
ple are too sharp for that. Even the young mem- ,
bers of Congress who come here are too sharp for ,
that, and they take half the money instead of the
books. I would sell you mine to-day for half the
contract price. My constituents are tired of them.
Nearly all the little mail carriers in «my country
curse me for sending these books, which break
down their horses, and I lose ten votes where I
make one by circulating thorn. I should be glad
to sell them for half price, but I have no idea that
I shall find a purchaser. I do not want to pay
anything more than I have agreed. I will do that,
but I am not willing to pay Mr. Rives's workmen
in order to enable him to complete the job. If he
could not print, it would be one of God's mercies,
as Cromwell said after the battle of Naseby: it
would be a clowning metcy if he was to break
down m this printing; but [have no such hope as
that. I will, then, put all the weight I legitimately
can on him; I will make him comply with his con-
tract, and pay his own men; and I will not put
my hand in the public Treasury to filch money,
i to use the ugly woid of the Senator from Missis-
1 sippi, to pay his men. I am for making him to
i stand up to his bargain. The Senator from Mis-
I sissippi intimated that 1 was filching money from
| Rives's pocket, hut I think the filching is the other
' way.
i Mr. BROWN. 1 want to say, in the outset,
| a word in reply to the Senator from Virginia,
i [Mr. M\sov,] in reference to Mr. Rives's note.
The note struck me, in the beginning, as it did
the Senator fiom Virginia, as being a httie im-
pertinent; but never having known the author of
it to say or do a palpably foolish orabsurd thing,
I read it again and again, and the more I read it
and studied it, the more it impressed itself on my
mind as propei. The conclusion to which 1 came
in the end was this: Mr. Rives had entered into
an agreement with the Government to publish
tin1 debates of Congress, lie represents that he
had no agreement, no engagement with you to
publish what was not sakl here, lie had no en-
gagement to publish, at the public expense, essays
and things written outside. He had no engage-
ment with you which obliged him to publish a
speech winch never was delivered in Cmigtess,
nor to allow a gentleman to take hack ail which
he had said, and publish something which he
never had said. He had no engagement to make
one Senator ridiculous, in replying to a speech
which apparently never had been made.
He waited Koine six or seven yeais for Con-
giess to apply the corrective. Congress did not
do it. Speech after speech was published, as all
of us know, which never had been delivered, and
parts were thrown in which never had been made.
, Not only did it happen once or twice, or thrice,
I but very often, that Senators not only published
! new speeches for themselves, but published such
! speeches as they would like to reply to for other
] people. Mr. Rives interposed, llts proposition
' was this: " If you simply want me to punt what
, you send me as printer, 1 will print th" nunu-
: script vou send nie; but if I am employed to print
j the debates of Congress, and am authorized to
! employ men to repoit them, I will publish the
reports, and nothing else, simply allowing veibal
corrections."
That commended itself to my judgment; it does
n©w; because otherwise the reports make great
i nonsense. If one man may go and alter i;is speech
another may go and alter his; the right of one is
1 the right of another; and you make asoi t of botch-
; potch—a jumble of nonsense of the debates. It
' is better to take them down as they are said here,
I allowing members to do what Mr. Rives, m his
| circular, said lie would allow—make simple verbal
; corrections; not to go beyond that point; not to
alter the sense; but if you go beyond that, nobody
can see the point at which it is to stop.
But it has been complained, in the course of
this debate, that this is an extravagant and waste-
ful expenditure. How? If gentlemen will but take
the pains to investigate, they will see this to be
true: that the Congressional Globe and Appendix
is published at a smaller price than any book that
ever was printed. There is not a stereotyped edi-
tion of the Bible itself published in the world so
cheap per word as the Congressional Globe. I
undertake to say that the volumes arc bought,
counting the words, for less money than any book
| ever was printed for, in this or any other country.
I I dare say Mr. Rives makes money out of it; but
1 how, I cannot understand. I know the fact to be,
j upon a critical examination, as I stated, that,
| counting the number of words in the Congres-
! sional Globe, it is printed at a less price than the
j Bible was ever printed for; and that, 1 believe, is
j considered the cheapest book in the world; it has
I become the object of the whole Christian world
I to print it at the least possible price. How thfi
; publisher makes money out of the Globe I cannot
i understand; but I know that his profits must ne-
! cessarily be small; and that he can afford to add
to the pay of the corps of reporters is not true.
As I said in the beginning of this debate, he sub-
mitted his estimates, when he first undertook this
job, that it would cost him so much to have the
reporting done, so much for paper, so much for
the composition, so much for press-work, so much
for binding; ond that the profits would be thus
and so. Now, are we to demand from him that
he shall take from his meager profits $4,000 per
annum to add to the pay of the corps of report-
[ ers? It was in that sense that I used the phrase;
j it would be filching by the Government from the
! pockets of the man whom you employ, to pay the
i pcisons who must necessarily do the woik.
It has been suggested, in the course of this de-
bate, that wo had better employ our own report-
, ers; and, if they were" our reporters, then there
| would be no objection to paying them this extra
1 compensation Sir, you undertook that. Who
does not recollect—I was not a member of this
1 body, but I was in the other House—when you
had a man named Houston to report for you; and
; a wretched job he made of it! Who ever con-
I suits his book? It is hid away in your cellars.
There may be a copy in your Library; but does
. any Senator think of sending for Houston's De-
bates of the Senate as a book of reference? Does
■ anybody have the least respect for it? That was
■ a senatorial job. You employed Mr. Houston
! to make a book. He made it; and when he made
it, and you had paid for it, that was the end of it.
' Vou adopted this last plan—that of getting some
i competent man to have the reports made, to have
i them made accuiately, to have them published by
him, and then to pay him for the whole in bulk.
{ think the leports under this new system are
better than they have ever been before. So far
:us I am concerned, I am in favor of continuing
them.
i Mr. Rives has never taken the ground, as has
: been charged in this debate, that he would «liow
no corrections. He took the ground which I
stated before—that veibal corrections might be
made; that sentences might be recast; that gram-
matical construction might be changed or altered
or corrected; but that he would not allow a new
speech to be substituted for one which was made
in the Senate; and in that I maintain he was ex-
actly right. Your contract was for him to report
; what was said, and to print the report; not to per-
mit anybody and everybody who thought proper
to write speeches out of doors to bring them rn,
and have them published under the sanction of
senatorial and House of Representatives reports,
and printed at the public cost. I have had no
ditFi"ulty—i doubt if there is a Senator on the
floor during the whole winter who has ever had
any diiticulty—on this score. As 1 said in the
outset, I seldom ever look at the reports of what
' little 1 do say here; but when I do, I find that,
while they may not be precisely accurate m all
respects, they so nearly approach accutacy that
there is no just reason to complain. I think I
have not had occasion but once to change the
phraseology in the leport of what I have said at
this session.
