il
1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
March 27, -
. Kress, in all respects, legally and legitimately.
.The people of Kansas have the right to claim-
Admission gndcr it, and Congress has the right to
admit them under it, because it is legal, because
it'was formed in accordance with the laws of the
Legislative Assembly; first, in taking the sense
of 3ie people upon the subject; then in providing
for the election of delegates to the convention;,in
the electio.n'of delegates; and in the action of the
convention in-framing the constitution. That con-
vention had the right to submit the constitution,
or any question incident to it, to the people, for
their indorsement or not, as they pleased. To
deny ft would be to place many of the new States
without the pale of the Union, for many of them
-■presented their constitutions without such sub-
mission. And, sir, as it is here legally, rightfully,
d properly presented, I most earnestly trust the
y is not far distant when Congress will bring
0 Kansas under that constitution.
Any man who has listened to the debates in this
6use for die .last four months, as I have done,
'riiust come to the conclusion at oncc—yes, the
conclusion is forced upon him, that there are but
two reasons why gentlemen on the opposite side
of this House refuse to vote to admit Kansas
under this constitution—because the constitution
recognizes slavery, or because they desire to keep
up the agitation. Those gentlemen on the oppo-
site side of the House, who live, as I do, in that
eortion of the Confederacy north of Mason and
'ixon's line, are opposed, as they have pro-
claimed, to the admission of any more slave
-.States. Every Republican Senator who voted
'against the adrpission ofliansas under this consti-
tution favored the admission of Kansas under the
Topeka constitution—a constitution which was
the offspring of violence, and which was without
authority of law and revolutionary in every sense.
But it was seized upon here and attempted to be
forced through, in order that Kansas might be
brought into the Union. Is it. not, then, singular
that those gentlemen who were urging the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union under the Topeka
constitution, arc now opposing her admission
under the Lccompton constitution, which comes
here under all the sanctions of law? When the
Topeka constitution was presented here for ad-
mission, I believe it had not been submitted to
the people for their adoption or rejection at all;
and now when Kansas comes up here legally and
legitimately, gentlemen oppose her admission be-
cause she tolerates slavery by her constitution.
But that is not tire worst of it. Some of our
pod friends on this side of the House, men who
iave heretofore stood firm in the Democratic
ranks, and have been looked upon as national
men, and whoso political character has heretofore
been trustworthy, are now cooperating with gen-
tlemen on the opposite side in this matter, who,
for the purpose, 1 was going t"o say, of political
benefit, are for keeping this slavery question be-
fore the country. If, as I firmly believe, they are
keeping up this trouble and agitation for political i
purposes, will our friends, who have heretofore j
been good Democrats, act with them under such j
circumstances? Will they strengthen the Oppo- :
sition in this way, and by these means defeat the
policy of the Democratic Administration, and di-
vide and break down the Democratic party? I
know that the distinguished Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] has felt it to be Ins duty to place
himself in opposition to the policy of the Admin-
istration, by opposing the admission of Kansas
under theLecompton constitution. He has fought
the battle gallantly, and comes up to my ideas of
a good soldier, lie has fought fair and gallantly,
and has died nobly, but in a bad cause. No man
can regret the action of that distinguished Senator
more than T do; for he has been my candidate for
thePresideneyforanumberof years. I had looked
upon him as a man of the greatest intellect, as a
Democrat, as a Union-loving man, as a national
man. I may say that when the Cincinnati con-
vention met in 1856, he was my choice for the
Presidency. I went to the Cincinnati convention
to aid and assist in getting him the nomination;
but I think it a glorious thing for the country that
the present Chief Magistrate received the nomina-
tion. As soon as he got the nomination, of course
he was my candidate. I have been voting for
Presidents for many years, and I never gave any
but a Democratic vote, for I look upon the success
of the Democratic party as essential to the honor,
£
hi
the integrity, and the existence, of the union of
Nthese States; and it must be sustained, for it
would not be safe to risk the Government in the
hands of a sectional party, which would deny the
equality of the States of this Union, and which
declares that rfb Territory shall be admitted as a
slave State, though every man, woman, and child,
in such Territory, should be in favor of it. That
sectional idea will not do, sir. I look on the Dem-
ocratic party as the Union itself. Its principles
are the true principles of the country, and cannot
be compromised; they must be maintained, for
everything depends upon that party; and I earn-
estly hope the day is not distant when we shall
find our friend, the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, again laboring for the success of the Dem-
ocratic cause. I have not yet given him up.
Eut, sir, it.is surprising to find gentlemen on
the other side of the House who voted for and
favored the admission of Kansas under the To-
peka constitution, now opposing its admission
under the Lecompton constitution; and it is more
surprising still to find men who heretofore occu-
pied high positions in the Democratic party and
in the councils of the nation, now cooperating, act-
ing, and voting with them. I would appeal to
these Democrats, and say to them that it is not
good for them to continue in the position they
have taken; they should get rid of their present
political associates, for they are not good com-
pany for them to keep.
I listened yesterday to the speech of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morris,] in which
he appealed to the six South Americans, and said
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
naiio,] who stood up and usked lum if he referred
to him, "No, sir; you are not included in the
six." Now, I ask these South Americans what
are they going to do ? The question now to be
decided for all tune to come, is, whether another
slave State shall be admitted ? Everybody knows
that Kansas will not be long a slave State. Her
people have the right to change, alter, and amend !
j their constitution as they please. Slavery will 1
not long exist there; but the principle, neverthe- j
less,does exist; and that is, wiietheranother slave j
State shall ever be admitted into th'c Union? Are <
the Democrats of the North willing to join those !
gentlemen on the other side of the House, who j
have proclaimed, all the time, that no other slave '
State shall be admitted into the Union?
Mr. ENGLISH. I should like to ask my dis-
tinguished friend from Oregon whether ho knows
of any northern Democrat—Lecompton or miti-
Lecompton—who takes the ground that no slave
State shall hereafter be admitted into the Union ?
Mr. LANE. I will answer my friend with a
great deal of pleasure—for he is one of those gen-
tlemen whom I respect—that the etfcct is pi ecisely
the same. There is no difference. He may say
he is willing to vote for the admission of a slave
State, but when it comes to the point he will not
do it. How are we to know that he will do it?
Mr. LNGLISH. I desire to ask my fiiend
whether he means to say that I would not vote to
admit a slave State into the .Union if it were the
will of the people of the State to recognize sla-
very ?
Mi\ LANE. I intend to say, and do say, that
the effect is precisely the same as though he de-
termined never to vote for the admission of a slave
State into the Union, and will be so understood
011 all sides. This settles the question forever. I
This is passing a verdict which shall do justice I
or injustice to that portion of the country'where I
slavery exists. Every southern member of the
House is ready to vote for the admission of Mill- I
nesota and Oregon without slavery, and to live up ,
to the doctrine that the people have a right to ;
settle their own institutions in their own way. I
But while they thus walk up to that honorable
position, and discharge their duty to the whole
country, \yc find our friends acting with that party
winch has proclaimed over and over again that •
they would not vote for the admission of Kansas !
with slavery, if every man, woman,and child, in I
the Territory, should ask it. I
Mr. CURTIS. Does the gentleman mean the i
Republican party? j
Mr. LANE. I mean every one of those gen- i
tlemen who have proclaimed that no more slave
States should be admitted, and those who vote
with them.
. Mr. CURTIS. That is not the Republican par-
ty. That party has not assumed such a posi-
tion . ^r,
Mr. LANE. I want to ask njy friend whether
he -would vote for the admission of Kansas with
slavery ?
Mr. CURTIS. Not while I knew the people
were .opposed to it.
Mr. LANE. You have no right to go behind
the record at all.
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, yes; I have a right to go
behind the record. -
Mr. LANE. Would you vote for it if you knew
the majority favored the institution of slavery?.
Mr. CURTIS. I would not, because that was
made free territory by the Missouri compromise.
Mr. LANE. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have heard
gentlemen on the other sidifsay, over and over
again, that they would not vote for the admission
of Kansas with slavery, if every man, woman,
and child, should favor slavery there. The posi-
tion taken by the gentleman from Iowa is the po-
sition, as I understand it, taken by the Republi-
can party; and I regard it as a mere subterfuge.
Mr. CURTIS. Does the gentleman hold the
Republican party accountable for the expression
of individual sentiment in regard to this matter?
Mr. LANE. I hold it accountable for its plat-
form.
Mr. CURTIS. The platform of the party does
not say that no more slave States shall be ad',
muted.
Mr. LANE. It pledges the party against the
extension of slavery, and against the admission
of any more slave States.
Mr. CURTIS. I bog the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would ask the hon-
orable gentleman from Oregon to point out a single
anti-Lecompton Democrat who does not profess
to be as ready to admit Kansas into the Union
with us without slavery? If he knowS one, I ask
him to name him.
.Mr. LANE. I want to answer that question,
and answer it in such a way that the gentleman
will remember it; for it is an important question.
I say that Kansas is here legally. Her constitu-
tion is a legal one, and you are estopped from going
behind it. If that constitution says slavery shall
exist, you are bound to admit the State with .
slavery, and leave the people free to change their
constitution when the proper time arrives, if they
desire to prohibit slavery. Slavery is, therefore,
the only objection which can be urged to the ad-
mission of Kansas; yet the gentleman will not
vote for it; and then asks me if I know of an
anti-Lecompton Democrat who will not vote for
the admission of Kansas a-i soon with as without
slavery ?
I repeat, sir, that that constitution is before us.
The people have had a chance to vote upon the
question of slavery, and nine tenths of those who
have voted have voted in favor of slavery. I have
no doubt that a majority of the whole people of the
Territory, at t he time the question was submitted,
were not in favorof slavery. Buttheiroppositiou
to slavery did not go to the extent of recording
their vote against it. What I mean to say is this,
that, in ascertaining the will of the people, you
are to look to the votes given for and against,
not to the votes withheld, whether they be with-
held on account of indifference to the result, or
from factious motives. And when gentlemen
say they are ready to vote for the admission of a
slave State, if they are satisfied that the people of
the State are in favor of slavery, and yet propose
to vote against this constitution, I say, that with
the constitution before us recognizing slavery,
they are estopped in that argument. They can-
not go behind that constitution. It is here le-
gally; it is here legitimately; it is here properly.
If there have been irregularities, bloodshed, and
disorder, m the Territory, you know how it has
been caused. You know it has been caused by
the instrumentality of men armed with Sharpens
rifles, sent out by the emigrant aid societies, for
the purpose of defeating the ends of justice, and
thwarting the will of the people. The fault rests
with them; and let the consequences rest upon the
guilty. Do not permit the Territory and the coun-
try to suffer. It is in behalf of the country that I
speak. I appeal to this House to stand by the con-
stitution, and to allow the majority of the people to
regulate their own institutions. Bring Kansas
into the Union. Raise her to thedignity of a State.
Plice the sovereignty in the hands of herpeople,
