THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
* Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, my object
in seeking the floor is to address some remarks
in reply to what has fallen from the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] on the subject of
the General Post Office. I protest against the
doctrine advanced here, and not for the firsttime:
I mean the doctrine that the Post Office Depart-
ment ought to be a self-sustaining one. It is, in
my judgment,amost-unwisepolicy. It may have
been proper in. the early period of the Govern-
ment, when the country was comparatively small,
the Treasury empty and burdened with debt, the
resources very limited,and the postal routes few.
But our condition is entirely changed. The coun-
try, in territory and population, has more than
doubled; our national resources are unlimited; and
the business of the Post Office increased nearly a
thousand fold. If we act on that principle, if we
carry it out to its legitimate results, we must then
stop every mail route where the service on it does
not pay the expense. It leads to that result, or
it leads just nowhere. I can see no reason why
wc: should pay millions for the Army, millions
for the Navy, millions for legislation, and noth-
ing for this branch of the public service which
comes more directly home to the people, and from
which they derive the more direct and positive
advantage. Your mail, carrying the correspond-
ence and the intelligence of the country, is that
branch of the Government from which the people
derive the largest and most essential benefits. It
is that branch of the public servicc which is felt
in its bcncficencc more than any other; and these
is no principle I can perceive why the Government
should not contribute to its support, as well as to
any other Department.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is it more incumbent j
upon the Government to carry letters than it is to I
carry merchandise ? j
Mr. MAYNARD. The Government lakes the j
whole business of carrying letters into iis charge, i
It will not allow me to send my letters by any :
other channcl. It will not allow me and my j
neighbors to establish an express by which we |
can carry on our communication and correspond- I
ence, and we arc obliged to use the public post, j
By the Constitution the subject of " post offices
and post roads" isgiven to the General Govern-
ment. The framcrs of that instrument did not
think proper to undertake the transportation of
merchandise. The reason of the distinction, 1
presume, is obvious.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The distinct understand-
ing when tins Post Office Department was estab-
lished was, that it should sustain itself; mid it
was only placed under the charge of the General
Government for the convenience of the coun-
try.
'Mn MAYNARD. It is that very understand-
ing J am attacking as obsolete, by the changed
condition and increased postal necessities of the
country. I will submit to the gentleman from
Mississippi that if we act on that pmiciplo we
shall cut olf many of the mail routes in his State
and my own—not now too numerous for the con-
venience of the people-—and perhaps more than
half of the entire mail routes in the country, all
that are not in themselves self-sustaining. The
principle must go to thai extent, or else become a
source of gross imposition. For I ask what jus-
tice there is to tax the correspondence of this city
and the city of Richmond, for example, in order
to pay for transporting the mail to .some lone
hamlet across the Alleghany mountains, where
the postal leceipts are little more than nominal?
"What justice is there in it? Yet this is the only
alternative. Either this, or else cut oft'the dwell-
ers in the mountains from all intercourse with the
world.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Under the operation of
the tariff system, the South more than pays the
deficiency in the Post Office Department, when it
is known to every man that our mail facilities are
totally inadequate.
Mr. MAYNARD. When wc come to discuss
tlie tariff, I will meet the gentleman on that sub-
ject; but it is not germane to the present discus-
sion. We will, then, inquire who pays the torilF,
and whether it operates for our benefit or against
us. 1 am aware that he belongs to one school of
political economists, and I belong to another. He
honestly entertains one view of the subject, and I
just as honestly entertain another, and a very dif-
ferent one.
Mr. BOCOCK. I thought that you were a good
Democrat.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not exactly a Demo-
crat of the school to which my friend from the
Piedmont district of Virginia belongs. It is pos-
sibly my misfortune.
I have risen, sir, merely for the purpose of
expressing my dissent to the views advanced by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.,] in
reference to the idea of making the Post Office
Department self-sustaining. This Department is
not merely the means of communication and cor-
respondence, but is the great means of our civili-
zation. "We are a migratory people. Ourbrothers,
our neighbors, our children, go away, far away,
from us; and the means of communicating with
them by letters and by newspapers is one of the
strongest ties that binds us together as a homoge-
neous people. It gives to the pioneer settlers, in the
very remotest position, many of the best results
culture and social refinement. And I say that
we ought to aiford full facilities for carrying on
that correspondence, without embarrassment or
impediment. I do not intend to sanction a doc-
trine that shall prevent the mail going nearer than
twenty or thirty miles to a man's door, simply
because it will cost the Government more than the
postage which he pays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. When I stated that the
mail facilities of the South and West were inad-
equate, I meant to east no leflection on the pres-
ent head of the Post Office Department. He has
increased our mail facilities more than any of his
predecessors; and under his wise and efficient ad-
ministration of the Department we have now but
little to complain of. 1 thought it due to the Post- '
master General to make this statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I concur with the gentle-
man. I unite with him in expressing my approval
of the conduct of the present head of the Depart-
ment in that regard; and I am willing, so far as
my vote is concerned, to put my hand into the
public Treasury, and strengthen Ins arm, and to
enable him to do more efficiently what he is at-
tempting to do, I believe, m good faith, to the
extent of the power intrusted to him. i was un-
willing to sit m silence and see his administration
embarrassed, by suggestions that he should make
the Department self-sustaining; and that, failing
to do so, he is guilty of an unwUe or unneces-
sary depai Hue from the less generous policy of
some of his predecessors.
Mr. WASILLHJIINE, uf Illinois. I move that
tlx* committee rise, with a view to close this de-
bate.
Several Mf.mbeiis. Oh, no.
Mr. COLFAX. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. GARNETT. I am opposed to this rail-
road speed m manufacturing appropriation bills.
I move that the committee rise, in oider that wc
may adjourn. We have been ln-io long enough.
The question was taken on Mr. Gauxett's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Ho the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr Sietcf rs reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (H. R. No. 199) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1^59, which he was directed to report back
to the House with sundry amendments; also, a
bill (11. R. No. 4G6) making appropriations for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms, which he was also duected to report to the
House; and also a bill (II. R. No. 55G) making
appropiiations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1859, upon which the committee had
come to no conclusion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I demand the pre-
vious question upon both the bills reported to the
House.
NAVY APPROPRIATION J3ILL.
Mr. SEWAR.D. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to offer to the Navy
appropriation bill the amendment which I offered
in committee. 1 want to have a vote uppn it m
the House. I withdrew it in committee because
1 did not want to breakup the committee for want
of a quorum; and I believe it was the understand-
ing that I should have an opportunity to offer it in
the Ilonse,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will consent to
that before the previous question is ordered.
Mr. SEWARD then offered the amendment
which he had previously offered in committee, in
relation to Blythe Island.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, upon the bill
making appropriations for the naval service.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated yesterday to the
House that I would object to any amendment
making an appropriation being offered in the
House which had not been considered first in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman should have made his objection before the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair proceeded so rap-
idly that it was impossible.
COLLECTING THE REVENUES.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put, upon the bill
making appropriation to defray the expense of
collecting the revenues from customs.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to consult
the wishes of the House in reference to these
bills. If it is the pleasure of the House to go on
and actupon the amendments to-night, I am ready
to so on. [Cries of " Go on !"]
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order.
The main question having been ordered, no other
business than that is in order, except an adjourn-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. GARNETT moved (at half past seven
o'clock) that the House adjourn.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of general debate only.
Mr. G A RNETT. I have no objection to that,
and withdraw my motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
is not in order if objection be made, as the pre-
vious question has been seconded, and the mam
question ordered to be put.
Mr. ENGLISH. Would ltbe inordcrto move
to reconsider the vote by which the House ordered
the main question to be put?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I make that motion.
Mr. GALIlSETT. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. ADR AT N". I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What will
be the condition of those bills, if we now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. They will come up the first
thing in the murium*.
Mr. WASH [>U RNE, of Illinois. Woulditnot
be in order for the House to go on and pass these
bills to-mght?
Several Members. There is not a quorum
present.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, the House (at seven o'clock
and thirty-five minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 27, 1S5S.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Nichols.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2G1) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, amended and dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives, re-
ported thereon; and, on his motion, the Senate
insisted on its amendments,and agreed to ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Trum-
bull were appointed the committee on the part
of the Senate.
