31t
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
its farther consideration till Monday next; and
on that I ask the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will permit me, I would suggest to him that
he had better have it postponed till Monday week,
so that the gentleman implicated may have an op-
portunity to be present.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will adopt that
suggestion. I move that the further consideration
of the resolution be postponed till Monday week.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to say to the House j
that the member named in the resolution has been
called home on account of sickness in his family;
and I would suggest to the gentleman from Illinois
that it would be as well to let the matter lie until
the gentleman returns.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. When the time
arrives to which the consideration of the subject
may bo postponed, if the gentleman [Mr. Matte-
son] be not then in his seat, and if there be good
reasons why he is not, it will then be time enough
to consider what ought to be done. I call the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What will be
the effect of seconding the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. To cut off the motion to
postpone, and bring the House to a vote on the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Exactly; I
thought so.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to oiler an amendment.
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is not
in order, pending a motion to postpone. That
motion must first bo disposed ot'.
Mr. BLAIR. Then let the question be taken
on the postponement; and I will offer my amend-
ment when the resolution comes up again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri can do that.
The amendment was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, Thnt the testimony taken l>y tile investigation
comimltoo awl huppie^seti, said u^tiiuony having been left
out of the report o! the committee, as punted, and appear-
ing ill the manuscript jeeoid o! said eoinmittee, witn led
lines drawn aumrnt it, and being thus designated lot omis-
sion, was of yieat importance as tendni" to develop the cor-
rupt practices ill pioctirm^legislation by Conine-,*,; and -nil
committee, in failing to follow up the matter developed in
said suppressed testimony, and m siippiessmg the testi-
mony, latied m the di&elia'ige ot their duty.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to let his lesoiution goto the
Judiciary Committee, as it involves a question of
jurisdiction; and let that committee report on the
legal effect of the expulsion of a member from the
last Congress. The question has not been settled.
Let it therefore go to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and lot that committee report on it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. These questions
have all been before committees of the House.
The facts on which the resolution is predicated,
and the entire matter, are of record, and are open
to the examination of every gentleman.
Mr. SliWAIlD. The gentleman does not un-
derstand my proposition. The question that oc-
curs to my mind is, has this House of Represent-
atives jurisdiction of a question which was de-
cided at the last Congress ? Tliegentleman from
New York [Mr. Matteson] having been put
upon trial and expelled, can we act on the matter
a second time, whether he has been reelected be-
fore or since that action was taken ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not see the
pertinency of the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. SEWARD. That is the gentleman's fault,
and not mine. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and the further con-
sideration of the resolution was postponed till
Monday week.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House do
now proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at half past three
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. READY. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
I of order. That subject has been already disposed
of to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has been unable
to find but two precedents in the last ten or fifteen
years where such a motion has not been enter-
tained more than once on the same day. In every
other instance the motion has been allowed to be
repeated time and again on the same day. I
Mr. GARNETT demanded the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 89; as follows^
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrew^, Avciv, Barksdalc,
Bennett, Bishop, BlauyBowie, Boyce, Branch*, Biyan, Bur-
nett, Burroughs, Caokie, Horace F. Claik, John B. Claik,
Ciavvson, Clay, Clmgman, Clark B. Cochrane, John Coch-
lane, Cox, James Crai?, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cmry,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodd, Edinundson, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Gilman, Goode, Goodwin, Lawrence VV. Hall, Thomas L.
Hams, Ih^kin, lfatch, Uawkms, Ilickman, Hughes, Huy-
ler, Jackson, Owen Jone>, Kent, Kellogg, Kelly, John C.
fCunkei, Lamar, Lawrence, Lonlv, Letcher, Maclay, Mc-
Queen, Mason, Maynaid, Miles, MiUsovi, Mouill, Edward
Joy Morns, Oliver A. Morse, Niblaclc, Nichols, Peyton,
Phclp-., Powell, Quitman, Heady, Reagan, llicaud, Rulfin,
Ru&-.elL S.mdidge, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Smiw, Shorter,
Sickle^', Singleton, Kobeit Smith, Stallwoith, Steven&on,
Miles Tavlor, Thayei, Thompson, Undei wood,C\uhvaladei
O Washbuinc, Ellihu B VVashhurne, lsiael Wa-hlmrn,
VVatkms, Wilt-on, VVmslovv, Wood, Woodson, Woiteu-
djke, Augustus R. Wn ht, and Zoihcofier— IU0.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram. Ah), Bilhnglwrst, Bing-
ham, Bhss, Boeock. Bray ton, Butl'mton, Ca-e.Chalfee, Ezra
Clark, Clemens, Cobb, CockenII, Colfax, Coimns, Corning,
Covode, Curtis, Davis of MissisMpp), Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dowart, Dick, Dowdell,Durl'ee,Elliott, Farn<worth,
Foster, Gainett,Gaitrell,Giddm s. Gilmer, Granger, Gieen-
wood. Gregg, Groe*beek, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hopkins, Iloiton, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Knapp, Jacob ? T. TCnnkol. Leaeh,
Loiter,Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Maihhall,
Miller, Moore, Mo.gari, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Mutray,
Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviancc, Reilly,
Itobbms, Roberts. Uoyce, Scales, Scott, Searing, Sewaid,
JohuSherman,Jud=on VV. Sherman, William Smith, Stan-
ton, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Geoige Taylor,
Tompkins, Tnppe, Wade, Walton, White, and Wiiiteley
—89.
So the House agreed to adjourn over.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by winch the House agreed to adjourn over,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I rise to what I
suppose to be a privileged question. I desire to
state that, had I been here this morning, I bhould
have voted to adjourn over. [Laughter.] 1 was
temporarily absent, and therefore deprived of the
privilege of recording my vote upon that motion.
DELEGATE FROM ARIZONA.
Mr. IIAR.RIS, of Illinois. I wish to make a
motion to change the reference of some papers. 1
observe, by the report of the proceedings of the
House published in the Globe, that there was pre-
sented yesterday, under the rules, the certificate
of election of Sylvester Mowry, as Delegate from
Arizona, and that it has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories. Now, sir, I submit, in the
first place, that the rules of the House require that
such a certificate must be presented mopen House;
and, in the next place, that if it could be presented
under the rule, it should go to the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. By what mode does the gen-
tleman propose to correct the error?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose to recon-
sider the vote referring the matter to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent, inasmuch as the
paper was referred more than two days ago.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know what
are the facts. Is there any such certificate of the
election of a Delegate to this House from Arizona?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is so stated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if the
motion to reconsider could be entertained at all,
it is too late, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I make the
question of order, that the certificate could not be
presented under the rule, and go to the Commit-
tee on Territories. The rule allows petitions and
memorials to be presented in this manner, but
papers of this character must be presented in open
House. You might as well present bills under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman, that as the reference has been im-
properly made, and it is too late to reconsider the
vote, if the committee to whom it has been referred
report upon it, it will then be competent for the
gentleman from Illinois to raise a question of or-
der and send it to the proper committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. But it has got into
the House in violation of the rules. The rule is
expressly limited to memorials and petitions. A
certificate of election could not be presented in that
way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not seen the
paper, and had not heard of it before.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is stated in the
Journal, I believe, that it was presented and re-
ferred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, By whom
was it presented ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. By Mr. Otero, the
Delegate from New Mexico.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. To move that
the Journal be corrected by striking out the part
referred to, would concede the point that the cer-
tificate has been properly presented under the
rules. In my judgment, the certificate could not
be referred under the rules to any committee.
The SPEAKER. That portion of the Journal
in which rcfcrer.ces of petitions and memorials
are noted, is never read to the House at all. It
is not reported to the House. The Chair entertains
a very gravedoubtwhether a motionis in order to
amend the Journal of three or four days ago, which
has been approved.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. This occurred
yesterday, I understand.
The SPEAKER. No, it occurred the day be-
fore yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is clearly not
before the House.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair thinks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It has not been
referred; and to move to reconsider its reference,
would imply that the note of its reference to the
Committee on Territories was correct and in or-
der.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I suggest that the correction
be made by unanimous consent. I presume the
Committee on Territories will report the certificate
back.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois. It is not before the
committee, and cannot be reported back.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume, Mr. Speaker, that
the rubs do not permit of any presentation of a
certificate of election, unless it be publicly done
during the session of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Ghair is informed that
other papers accompany it; but he has not them
before him, and therefore cannot state what they
are.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that the Chair's
attention has not been called to them. It is a new
point. There is nothing tending to reflcct upon
the action of the Speaker. Though we can pre-
sent certain papers, under the rules, at the Clerk's
desk, bills, resolutions, and certificates of election
must be presented in open House by members
from their seats. If this be true, then the present-
ation, under the rules, of this certificate, is a nul-
lity , and the point presented by the gentleman from
Illinois is a good one, which the House ought to
enforce; for if the rule be enlarged once by acqui-
escing in this presentation, you acknowledge the
right of presentation of such things in that way,
and one half or two thirds of the business sent in
may be kept from the knowledge of the House.
I regard, in my view of the rules, that what has
been done is invalid and of no effect, and that, in
consequence, the Committee on Territories have
no jurisdiction over the subject. It has not gone
to them correctly. The paper is not, and has not,
been before the House. I suppose it is also within
our province, under the circumstances, to order a
correction of the Journal.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. What then is the
use of talking about it, when it can be done by
common consent?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move thatthe gen-
tleman from New Mexico have leave to withdraw
that paper.
The SPEAKER. No paper isbefore the House.
Mr. GROW. I made the objection, and I want
to state why I did it. I have no desire to com-
plicate this matter. As I understand the paper,
it is the memorial of the people of Arizona ask-
