2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
ing the pay of pursers' clerks; and that their sal-
ary was not hereafter to exceed §600 per annum.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the j
bill with an amendment to strike out all after the j
enacting clause, and insert: I
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they J
are hereby, authorized and directed to allow all paymeuts j
made since the 1st dav of July, 1854, to the clerks or assist- |
ants to pursers at the navy-yards at (Jharlestown, New ¥ or k, j
Philadelphia, Washington, Norfolk, and Pensacola, at the j
rate of"$75U per annum ; and to allow all payments made ;
since the said 1st da? of July, to first clerks to command- !
ants, and to clerks oi the yauW at Kittery and Philadelphia, j
at the rate of $1,200 per annum; and that the pay of said i
clerks shall hereafter be $1,200 per annum, and of pursers' I
clerks or assistants shall be §750 per "annum, commencing j
witli the current fiscal year. !
The amendment was agreed to. j
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, j
andtheamendmentwasconcurredin. Theamend- j
ment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill |
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed>
Mr. HALE. The title should be amended so
as to read: " An act relating to the compensation
of pursers'assistants and clerks."
It was so amended.
PAY OP REVENUE OFFICERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideiation the bill (H. R. No. 482) regu- i
lating the compensation of officers and marines
of revenue cutters. I think it will not occupy five
minutes. j
Mr. HUNTER. T object to taking up that bill. 1
It is a bill to raise the salaries of officers of the j
revenue cutters. Does the Senator expect to pass ;
that through without debate ? j
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir. The House has
already passed the bill. i
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think it will pass
here without debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same bill has passed the
Senate half a doy.en times in as many different
sessions, but has never before been reached in the
House of Representatives. The Senate, year after
year, have passed this identical bill, and 1 have
no doubt that when you come to a vote there will ,
not be half a dozen Senators in tins body who
•will vote against it. The increase is very slight.
The present pay of these officers is very smalh
The bill received the unanimous approbation of
the Committee on Commerce of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
siderthe bill (II. R. No. 482) regulating the com-
pensation of the otlicers and maiines of the rev-
enue cutters.
It directs that the compensation of the officers
of the revenue cutters shall be at the lollowing
rates, to wit: captains, §1,500 per annum; first
lieu tenants, $1,200 per annum; second lieutenants,
$1,100 per annum; third lieutenants, $1,00!) prr
annum; engmeeis, $,1,200 per annum; assistant
engineers, ^1,000 per annum. The wages of the
petty officers, gunners, and marines,are to be reg-
ulated and fixed by tile President of the United
States so as not toexceedfortydollarspermonth,
exclusive of rations.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
the present compensation of these officers is, and
how much it is proposed to increase it? I should
be glad if the gentleman would inform me.
Mr. HAMLIN. One thousand two hundred
dollars is the present pay for captains; we pro-
pose to make it§l,500. Nine hundred and sixty
dollars is now tiie pay for first lieutenants, and
Eight hundred dollars, I
„.,200 is proposed
think, is the pay for a second lieutenant, and it
is proposed to be made §1,100. It is a very slight, j motion JoiMhe present^
increase. . . , . ii
Mr.HUNTER. Ido not believe this is the time :>
for increasing the salaries of these officers. We all ij
know that the expense of collecting the revenue ij
has incieased veiy largely within the last few^
years. Wu know that it already amounts to a >
sum which is a very serious charge. I believe j
there is a bill now pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives providing for the annual expense, at
a rate something like four million dollars; and I
of any bill to increase their pay. 11 is not so small
an increase as the Senator would have us sup-
pose. It is something like twenty or twenty-five
per cent. on.the old salaries. I am utterly op-
posed, at this time, to increasing salaries.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not debate the matter.
I simply want to repeat that this increase has
been recommended year after year by your Treas-
ury Department 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the present Secretary
of the Treasury recommend it?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think so.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will not say for certain, be-
cause I do not know; but I will say, that for the
last half a dozen years every Secretary has recom-
mended it, and every Committee on Commerce on
the part of the Senate has approved of it, and re-
ported on it favorably. The House of Represent-
atives this year has passed the bill, and the Senate
Committee on Commerce have unanimously re-
ported it back.
Mr. UIGLER. I hope this bill will pass. The
compensation of these officers is totally insuffi-
cient. I can see no reason why the officers in this
service should be confined to a compensation en-
tirely inadequate, bearing no relation to similar
service in the Army or Navy.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. I'OOMBS. Let the biil be read again.
The Secretary read it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time. On the question, " Shall the bill
pass ?"
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 23; as follows:
vr.\P—Mi'sm-s. Allen, Hell, Bislci, fintrht, Clay. Col-
latll.il, l>i\on, i'fisscudl'il, (lu'ui, Uwin, !I mini, I!,un-
ninnii, Ivi'i.-nn, June-;. jU.Uloiv, Ma-on. puw.ud, Htiuut,
Tlionwon < f Xuw Jcm'V, unit VVil ,n:i—->0
NAYr<—JiioJmclt. Ch.lndlo., Cluniiiian, I>.ivi-,
Fitcli, F<v,tei, Hail,in, linn-ton, Hunter, Jolin-ou ol Ai-
UiUinh'-, .lulm^Mi of Te;uic."i-'e, Pcaii-e, I'ulk, it'-i'l,
Sehii'.tian. Hmimom, Shdcll, Tliomp-on of Kentucky,
Toonili^, Tiumlmll, Wade, and WngUt—elj.
So the bill was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.len, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the fallowing bills, ill which
the concmrenco of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 4GG) making appropriations for the
expenses ot collecting the revenue from customs;
and
A bill (No.il99) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending tiie 30th of June,
1359. ^ /
N. C. TOWLE.
Mr. REWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 313) making appropriations for
repairing the piers at the harbor of Sheboygan,
Wisconsin.
i Mr. 1VERSON. I ask the Senator to waive
that motion for the present, and allow me to take
up the resolution paying the little account of Mr.
Towle that we had up yesterday morning. I do
not wish to debate it; 1 merely want it decided
whether the Senate will pass the resolution or
not. Tie has not received any money. It is two
years since be performed the service, and he wants
the question decided.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
not press it if it causes debate, I shall waive my
think it avery unpropitious time to be increasing
the salaries or emoluments of the officers of tins ■
Government. I understand there are a great many
applicants for these places,at the present salary; (
a great many more than can be supplied. Under
these circumstances, I am opposed to the passage
Mr. IVERSON. Very well; I will not debate
it myself, and I trust it wiil be decided at oncc.
The Senate lesumed the consideration of the
following resolution:
Rewh-ci!, Th.it the sum of §321 be paid out of the contin-
gent fund Iif tiie Senate to X. C. Towle, foi mileage and
evpc;:-;'-; in vitamer the Aioo--iookcouutE-y.nl Maine, inutei
a resolution of tiie Senate of August 18, 1S3G.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It seems to
me that the resolution ought to be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate. The committee having
charge of the contingent fund, I understand, is a
mere auditing committee; and this account has
been made out, and presented to that committee,
and it has been audited and an allowance made.
The allowance made by that auditing committee,
Mr. Towle refuses to accept. He wishes to over-
ride the committee who have audited the account
and made a liberal allowance, and comes before
the Senate with a resolution to get an allowance
over what the auditing committee has proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there a motion
to commit?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think it
ought to be referred. I move that it be referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Blxpenses of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I really hope this little matter
will not take up much more time. I suppose I
ought to say something about it, because I was
the principal mover of the original resolution that
resulted in the employment of this man to do this
service. It originated in the. Committee on Claims
when I was a member of that committee. If gen-
tlemen knew the nature of the service Mr. Towlo
performed, I believe they would withdraw all ob-
jection, for I think it would be manifest to every
one that he has been more moderate in his charges
than any Government officer ever was before.
He was c|6rk to the Committee on Claims. A
question arise before that committee in regard to
j a great va^ety of small land titles that the Gov-
! ernment w'ere bound to pay for on account of the
! running of the northeastern boundary line, under
1 the Ashburton treaty. The Senate has consented
I to the justice of these claims. I believe there were
I some sixty or seventy small landholders who had
j lost their titles by that treaty, who petitioned to
he remunerated for the land they had thus lost,
j That was referred to the Committee on Claims
! while 1 was a member of the committee, and it
' was found almost impossible to settle the amount
due to each claimant. That something was due
was perfectly apparent; but the amount and value
of the land of each one depended on independent
evidence of its own. The committee were unwill-
ing to act for several years, not knowing what to
do, because they had no evidence that was satis-
factory of the amount of these men's claims, al-
though each of them was only for a small sum.
It was suggested in the committee that it would
be necessary to send some commissioner there, to
go upon the ground and take testimony that would
satisfy the committee precisely what was due to
each, and I introduced the resolution myself in
the Senate. Ill order to do it without embar-
rassing the House of Representatiies with the
matter, we made it a Senate resolution. We sup-
posed it would take too long, and would delay
tne matter indefinitely, to pass such a lesolution
through both branches. We passed a Senate res-
olution to the effect that the Committee or. Claims
might employ a commissioner for the purpose of
ascertaining these facts, and reporting tnem to
the Senate.
When that resolution was passed, the question
arose who should be sent. 1 knew that our clerk
was the most competent man for the service of
whom I had any knowledge; we all knew that,
lie was a man who was fully acquainted with all
that the committee wished to ascertain; he had
heard the subject discussed, and it occui red to us
that he would be the most proper man to send,
inasmuch as he was an excellent business man,
and knew exactly the state of the. controversy,
and what we wished to ascertain by evidence.
We urged him to go. He did not want to go
there. Some gentleman here has suggested that
, he went on an excursion of pleasure. It was no
; such thing. In justice to this clerk, I ought to
say that he solicited no such position at all, but
1 it was because the committee believed him the
most competent man to do this business in the
I cheapest and shortest way, that we urged it upon
! him, and told him there was no doubt that the
Senate would be willing to compensate him fair-
i ly. Now, what has he charged ? He has not
i charged a single cent for the time he was there.
Ali he has asked of the Senate is barely to re-
munerate him for his outlay ill doing the business,
and he did it quicker and better than any other
man would have done it, and to the entire satis-
faction of the Senate, who have assumed what he
did to be right, and passed a bill accordingly.
We ought not to stand here higgling about the
amount of this little charge.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the sum ?
Mr.' WADE. Something over three hundred
dollars, and 1 hope the Senate Will pay it.
