1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2423
Mr. SEWAR.D. Let us have the question.
Mr. WA.DE. I will say, that there is no com-
mittee of the Senate so competent to judge of the
matter as the Committee on Claims. They know
all about it, and I think they being satisfied, the
Senate ought to be satisfied.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the motion to refer
this resolution to the Committee on Contingent
Expenses will not. prevail. It has already been
referred to thateommittee, and they havedecided
to allow $200. It comes up now as an appeal
from the Committee on Contingent Expenses to
the Senate to decide. If it goes to that committee
they will decide the same way as before; they
will audit the account for $200, and the ques-
tion will come up on appeal to the Senate, and
we shall have the same question over again. We
shall gain nothing by referring it. If the chair-
man of that committee thinks $200 is sufficient
and that $321 ought not to be allowed, let him
move an amendment of that sort. If the amend-
ment prevails, that will be an end of the question;
if not^let us pass the original resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The state of
the case is this: ill the first instance this gentle-
man was a clerk to the Committee oil Claims.
They were authorized by resolution to send him
North to obtain some testimony. After he re-
turned from the trip, his account was made out;
it was indorsed by the Committee on Claims, and
application was made to the Secretary for pay-
ment. It is made the duty of the Secretary, under
the 34th rule, to submit all such claims to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses; and they
took up the claim; they examined it, and they al-
lowed §200, which has been standing there in a
condition to be drawn by this clerk at any time
he saw proper. It is not necessary to have the
action of the Senateat all for him to get the $200.
This clerk was in the employment of the Com-
mittee on Claims; and he was getting six dollais
per day. They were authorized to send North to
obtain this information m reference to some land;
and they sent him. He went North; and he made
out his account for two thousand miles travel,§200.
In addition to that, for thirty-three days while he
was gone, he put down additional expenses at
three dollars a day; and, besides that, twenty-two
dollars for hi i ing a buggy. The committee thought
that, while drawing $1,800 a year from the Gov-
ernment, his additional expenses were all that
they ought to pay; and ten cents a mile would
cover all actual charges. They were willing to pay
thatamount, though lie was in the receipt of $1,81)0
per annum. They allow him g200 in addition to
pay the expenses ofgoing North and coming hack.
Mr. IVISRSON. I f the Senator from Tennes-
see will withdraw his motion to recommit, we
can then have the vote on the proposition; and if
the Senate think $200 sufficient, they can vote
down the resolution, and the audit for $200
stands, and he can get it; it would be wholly use-
less to send the question to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses. I hope the question will
be taken on the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will with-
draw my motion with a single observation. Your
Committee on Contingent Expenses have exam-
ined this account; the indorsement of the respect-
ed deceased chairman of that committee (Mr.
Evans) is on the papers; and the man can, on
that indorsement, draw the $200 at any time he
thinks proper. T he best motion wouid be to lay
this resolution on the table; for he could then get
his $200, if lie thinks proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
fer having been withdrawn, the question is on the
engrossment and third reading of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nobody had more respect
for the Senator from South Carolina who was the
former chairman of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses, than myself; but I suppose he washa-
ble to error like other men; and in this particular,
I have no doubt, he committed an error. The
Senator from Tennessee does not understand this
matter; he certainly does not understand it as well
as the Committee on Claims, who originated the
whole pi oceedmg. It is a trilling matter; but it
is of some consequence that we should do justice,
at any rate. .
H„ goes upon the assumption that, wh<*n this
order was passed by the Senate, it was to authoi-
ize the Committee on Claims to send their clerk,
who received so much annual pay. I hat was
not the order. It authorized the Committee on |
Claims to send some person to take this testimo- i
ny; but if they had employed another person, not j
their clerk, a man who was not in the employ- j
ment of the Government, we should not have got j
off for anything like the sum which has been i
charged by the clerk for this scrvice. Nobody !
wouid have gone there, been six weeks absent, j
traveled two thousand miles, gone into a new i
country, slept in huts, and got along as he could \
from place to place in the woods, with a view to 1
take this testimony, for three or four weeks doing j
exceeding hard work, for merely his expenses.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I would ask,
was he not receiving his six dollars a day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whatofthat? laman-
swering that very argument. Suppose he was re-
ceiving his six dollars a day. The resolution
authorized the Committee on Claims to send an
agent. He was here, and if he had staid here, he
would have had his leisure in the recess, like
other clerks of committees. He would have had
some time to enjoy himself in such a way as he
pleased. The business of the committee is not so
great as to occupy all a man's time; but this was !
no part of his duty. The committee could not |
order him to go. It is no part of the duties of a
clerk to a committee to go and tiavel, and take
testimony, and settle, a case in that way. They
requested him, and urged him, to give up time
which he might have devoted to Ins own pur-
poses, for the benefit of the Committee on Claims
and theS'mate; instead of appointing anew agent,
who would necessarily have charged, and been
entitled to charge us, a larger sum. They pre- j
vailed on their clerk, whose business it was not,
who was under no obligation to do it, to forgo his
own pleasure, and devote six weeks of the hottest
part of the summer, traveling that distance; slecp-
j ing in huts, going around from place to place, to
i take this Mimony. After he has done all that,
the gentloTnan says he has been receiving his
six dollars a day. Ho would have received his
six dollars a day, if he had staid here and
done nothing. He comes hero and submits a
very small bill; made small on purpose, because
he was the clerk of the committee; not charging
as an agent properly appointed, taken from any
other place, would have been entitled to chaige;
but because he was cieik of the committee, and
was pie vailed upon to do this service by the unan-
imous wish of the Committee on Claims, you want
to strike him down to his mere expenses for trav-
eling. It is xuigenerous, and the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Contingent Expenses,
did not understand the merits of the case; nor do
any of these gentlemen understand it; nor can they
so well understand it as the Committee on Claims,
who appointed him. When he exhibited his ac-
count to us, wc were all surprised at the very
small amount he charged, and we all cheerfully
and willingly, signed our names to the certificate
that he deserved, and ought to receive, the amount
there charged, only about three hundred and
twenty dollars, for his six weeks' work, all that i
labor, and all that travel, and rendering most es-1
sciltial service to the country, and unquestionably j.
saving a good deal of money to the Government,
I if the' hill shall finally pass. _
Now, it is wrong, it is unjust, to say that, be- :
cause he happened to be clerk of our committee,
therefore, when he undertakes this business,
which was no part of his regular labor, at our re-
quest and the lequest of the Senate, and has in- |
curred these expenses, you will avail yourselves
of the fact that he was clerk to the Committeemen
Claims, to say that he shall have nothing but ins
actual expenses of traveling. It is applying a rule
to him that we should not be justified, m my judg-
ment, in applying to any man. 1 feel no interest
in this, except that I think to reject this icso-
lution would be a gross injustice; and it would
be dealing haidly, also, with the Committee on
Churns, who employed him, and who unanimous-
ly recommended that he should be paid, knowing
the value of the services better than anybody else
than himself could know it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to amend the reso-
lution by striking out, in the first line, the pres-
ent amount, $321, and inserting "$230." ;
Mr. I'OLlv. 1 wish merely to state, m expla-
nation of the vote I shallgive in this case, that, as
I understand the Committee oil Claims, or those .
who constituted the committee at the time these !
services were rendered, have unanimously rec-
ommended the payment of this hill, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Maine, I shall vote for
the resolution. At the same time, I must say that
I do it in deference to the opinion of that com-
mittee, who had the services performed, and who
know what the services were. My judgment,
aside from that, or the facts of the case, would be
that the amount allowed by the Auditing Com-
mittee of the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
would be sufficient. I am a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims myself, and 1 shall defer to the
judgmentof my predecessors, inasmuch as I think
they were better able to judge of what was fair
than I can be.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is a prin-
ciple involved in this matter. As the agent of the
committee going North, the clerk makes out his ac-
count for two thousand miles' travel, and charges
ten cents a mile. He charges, in addition to that,
for thirty-three days, three dollars per day addi-
tional expenses. He further charges twenty-two
dollars for buggy hire. For these thirty-three days
that he charges" three dollars each he was in the
employ of this committee, drawing regularly his
six dollars per day. Ten cents a mile, we know,
will more than coverall the expenses he incurred.
He was drawing his salary regularly. If we make
this allowance of additional compensation, what
becomes of the principle of the law that prohibits
additional compensation, or, in other words, offi-
cers from drawing two salaries at the same time ?
Eighteen hundred dollars a year is pretty good
pay. He was drawing six dollars a day, and we
are willing to allow him ten cents a mile to cover
all the expenses; and still we are talking about il-
liberally. We know that these gentlemen, who
arc cleiksof committees, are scarcely employed
one half of the year. Here is the indorsement
made on the papers by the venerated and respected
chairman of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses, recently deceased: " $200 is the amount
that should be paid." The money is ready for
him atany time. Instead of takingthat, that com-
mittee, after auditing the accounts, are to be over-
slaughed, and $320 is to be voted to meet his pe-
culiar notion of dignity and expense. Wc allow
him $200, and give him his six dollars per day.
is not that enough? If he could do better atany-
thine; else, I have no doubt he would do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You might just as well
overslaugh the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses as the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WADE. I do not like to say anything
more about this case. It is not within my juris-
diction; but still I feel in honor bound to stand
by the man whom I recommended for this service,
when injustice is about to be done him; not know-
ingly, I presume. Now, sir, wo are great in small
things. I wish wo could reverse this. When dip-
lomatic gentlemen employed by the year, at a
great salary abroad, are requested by the Govern-
i ment to go to a neighboring court, there is no Sen-
' ator hcie that makes wry faces at paying an outfit
and salary over again, and paying a large amount
of money. But when a mere clerk is engaged,
and sent oil special service not at all connected
with his general duties, that is a mighty thing,
and eveiy man stares at it as though the country
were going to be ruined by paying him for such
scrvice.
I will say to the Senator from Tennessee that
in all instances, so lar as I know, whether the
practice be right or wrong, wherever any officer
is engaged by the year, on a certain business, at a.
salary, if the Government employ him on special
service, not pertaining to his ordinary duties, they
have paid him for that special service. There is
not a committee in this body but has reported bills
on that principle. Why should we undertake to
reverse it here ? Indeed, the rule which the Sen-
ator would apply is not applicable here. What
was it? The resolution had no relation to this
officer at all, but it empowered the Committee on
Claims to employ an agent for this purpose. If
we had employed a perfect stranger, we shou d
have heard no objection to paying him; you would
have paid him twice this amount, and then said
he would not have had enough; but because it
occurred to us that this gentleman was bet ter qual-
ified than anybody else, we sent him. He would
have rcceivcd just as much if he had staid at home,
in point of salary. He did the service quicker
and better, and more to the satisfaction ofthe com-
