1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
33th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Brovm.
Senate.
and in preparing that report; and it was so done
as to render it unnecessary for gentlemen to re-
vise their remarks. Well, sir, when wc have such
reporters, it relieves members of the Senate of a
great deal oflabor; Senators are not anxious about
looking at the reports; they can confide in them;
but get an inaccurate set of men, a new set of re-
porters unfamiliar with this body, and you will
find that almost every sentence you utter will be
reported wrongly.
The Senator from California regretted that we
had not adopted some more simple system, as he
says,'that of making a compendium; and the Sen-
ator from Georgia, too, regrets the publication of
so much matter. Well, sir, I think if there be
anything about the debates of Congress at all that
is worth preserving, it is necessary to preserve
nearly every word that is said. I do not say that
it is necessary to print so many volumes and dis-
tribute them; but a record of a man's thoughts,
and the motives of his actions, are precious to him,
and they should be retained. If we look upon it ;
in that light, we cannot dispense with good report- (
ers. I think if gentlemen will inquire into the j
compensation paid to the reporters in the cities j
of New York and Philadelphia, paid to itinerant ]
reporters who are sent to public assemblies and j
gatherings ali over the world, who are the cheap- 1
est class of reporters, ours are inadequately paid. 1
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator whose duty
it is to pay them under the contract?
Mr. MALLORY. I would ask the Senator the
same question. If the Globe speaks correctly,
whose duty was it to pay them before, when the
increase was offered in former years >
Mr. TOOMBS. Do you show that the present
compensation is inadequate ?
Mr. MALLORY. I know the fact.
Mr. TOOMBS. Do you show that Rives does
not get sufficient compensation for public printing
to give his reporters fair wages ?
Mr. MALLORY. Of public printing I know
nothing; on that subject J am as ignorant as the
gentleman himself; but I Know what the reporters I
receive, and I know that in comparison with the
compensation we pay others they are not com-
pensated at all, and 1 know they can leave this
body to-morrow, and get double what they now
receive. I know that they have had offers to do
so, and they will do it, unless they are compen-
sated for their labor. I do not care for that; all
I wish is to see that those who bear this import-
ant relation to us shall receive a fair equivalent!
for their labor. _ ]
As to Mr. llivcs's statements, I believe them.
I would believe Mr. Rivus as soon as any man in :
Washington. If the life he has passed in Wash
in^ton, as well known as he is, for soriv twenty- 1
five years, more or less, connected with Congress,
has not given him a reputation which will support
him here in the simple statements he gives us in
relation to this printing, then public reputation is
not worth the strife of an honorable man. 1 would
as soon take M r. Rives's statements, unsworn to,
made as a gentleman and a man of honor, as 1
would those of any othei man of my acquaintance.
Knowing the fact that we have repeatedly made ,
attempts to have our debates reported accurately;
that other gentlemen who have token a contract
to do it have had to resign it because they could ;
not be compensated, I repaid the pay we give to
him as enabling him to allow no more to "the re-
porters than he now gives, $4 50 a column, and
reserve proper compensation to himself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate _
ready for the question on the motion to recon- !
sider?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken.
Mr. PUGII called for the yeas and nays; jmd
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 28, nays 1G; as follows:
YE \.S—Mesn Alien. Bell. Benjamin, Hislei .rjtodenek. |
Blown, Cameron. Onandlor, Claik, Davi-.. I)i\on. J)oo-
little, Fe-^end"ii, Fo-tei.Gieen, Hamlin, rinilaiu llou-ton,
Jv<Mt-on, Johnson of Toruio^soy; Kmcr, Malioiy, Polk, Sim-
nion<. Sni.ui, Tiuinbull, Wade, and W Hm—'23. 1
XAVS—B.iyatd. Blight, Clay, Clrnginin, F-tz- 1
panick.Gvvin, Hammond, fluntei. Johnson ot Aik.ui-ar-, !
Miwoii, I'u'dt, Rice, Sebastian, Slidel!. Toombs, and Yn'eo 1
—16.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the bill now open to amend-
ment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not nuw. The :|
engrossment must first be reconsidered. 'i
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the en-
grossment. ;
The vote ordering the amendments to be en- ■
grossed and the bill to be read a third time, was "i
reconsidered. ij
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out the j|
provision which the House have made, giving |
$800 lo each of their reporters. The amendment
is from line one hundred and thirty-one to one !
hundred and thirty-seven inclusive, to strike out -
the following words: |
" Foi the usual additional compensation to the lopoiters :
for the CoM^ie^-iotialOlohe.lbi tepnrlmp: tbe proceedings of j
tiie House ot Representative^ foi the next regular session of J
the Tlnity-Filth Congress, $800 to each leportoi, j
It is not my purpose to make any speech about j
it. The whole matter has been discussed. I j
hope the question will betaken. Let us determine ;
whether we shall strike it out. That will make thej
two Houses equal. !
Mr. PUGH. I call for the yeas and nays on !
the motion. <
Mr. BROWN. I want to say a word before f
that vote js taken. . _ j
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me make a suggestion ;
to the Senator himself, and it is this: belorc we I
take the question on striking out these words, it ■
js parliamentary to perfect them, and let us see ,
whether wc cann'ot insert our friends here. !
Mr. BROWN. That is just what I am going 1
to do. When wc had up the deficiency bill, the
Senator from Virginia took piecisely this course. !
An amendment, a copy of which I have m my 1
hand now, to the original deficiency biil was i ufed
out, and I had a sort of qmsi promise from the j
Senator fiom Virginia, that if the House insisted ;
upon paying their reporters, then that ouis were !
to be put upon the same footing. It was not done. '
Now, before this motion passes to strike out, I ;
insist upon what I insisted on doing then: that we j
vote our amendment in, and, then, if you choose j
to strike it ail out let it be done; but I want to file 1
a caveat with the committee of conference, if it i
comes to that, that we mean to protect our own !
reporters. Therefore, I want to get the amend-
ment in protecting our reporters so as to notify j
the committee of conference, however it may be '
composed, that we mean to put our reporters on
the same footing with the House reporters. I in- ■
sist, again, that it is degrading to our reporters, j
for the Senate to agree, as we do when we pass 1
laws by the joint action of the two Houses, that
they shall receive §,800 each less than the House
re porters.
Mr. HUNTER. Xhc Senator is mistaken in ,
supposing that he had any promise from me m
relation to the matter. I
Mr. BROWN. I so understood it. I put it on ,
that ground, and I understood theie was acquies- ■
cence in it; that if the amendment was not ad opted,
the committee of conference on the part of the |
Senate would take e.nre of our repot ters. The .
broad principle 1 have stated again and again, that '
it is degrading to our reporters that we allow the
House to pay their reporters $800 more than we i
pay ourown, by a bill for which we vote. I want
to put an amendment in, placing our rcporuus
upon the same footing with the House repotters. j
If they insist that we can get the bill upon no ;
terms except that their reporters are paid, then let '
ours be paid the same compensation. Therefoie,
I hope this motion to strike out, just at this time,
will be withdrawn, until 1 can oifer this ainend-
i ment, or have it voted down, and then we can take
| the motion to strike out ali together. I believe L
! have a right to p<ufect it. Then I oiler this amend-
! ment. After line one hundred and thirty-seven
! to msei t:
i To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
j Senatw the u-u il e\tr.i compensation lot tb" thud sse^ion
ot the Thnn-t'onith Conyn;^. eaeli,
\ To enable John C. Rives to pay lo tne reporters of the
! Senate the n-ual e\tin compensation foi th-" ih&t session ut
j tln> Thntv-I nih Ciuiiik1^, $800 each,
I To enable John C. Utves to pay to ihe lepoiters of the
\ Senate tne n-ual extra compen-ation lor the -eeurid se-shiuti
j of the Thutv-Fikh Congress, $300 eaeh, $ J/200.
| Mr. HUNTER I will ask if this comes from
; any committee 5 There is a rub'1 in regard to that
I matter, I see. This is for deficiencies, not only
! to go forward, but to go back. 1 ask jf H comes
I from a committee?
Mr. BROWN. I do riot move it on the recom-
mendation of any committee, but I do it because
it is germane to the subject. It is a part of the
same proposition. I leave it to the Senate to de-
termine whether I shall move the proposition or
not.
Mr. IVERSON. Is that amendment in prder
now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
There is no amendment that would be in order
now. This js proposed as an amendment to an
amendment, which must be acted upon.
Mr. IVERSON. I will read the rule, if the
Chair pleases. I think the amendment is clearly
out of order. Rule 30 is:
" No amendment proposing additional approp; mtionsshall
be leceived to any general appiopnation hill, unless jt be
made to cany out the piovisions ot some exiting law. or
some act or resolution pieviously pa^rd by the Senate
dunm? that ?esHon,oi moved by direction of a standing
or select committee of the Senate, oi nj pursuance ot' an
estimate fiom the head oi &ome of the Dcpaiimeni-s.*'
That is the rule on the subject. I think an in-
dividual membei cannot move the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. With all deference to the Sen-
ator, I make this suggestion: that this is simply
an amendment to increase an appropriation al-
ready proposed in the bill: it is not a new and ori-
ginal proposition. I do not bring in a new prop-
osition. I simply ptopose to increase the amount
of the appropriation to pay the corps of reporters;
and, if it be said that we must vote m the absence
of a proposition which comes from a committee
or a Department, without the power to lessen it or
to increase it, then we had better give up the whole
business of legislation to the committees and to
the Departments. I do not propose anything new;
but you already have a proposition in the bill to
pay a portion of the corps of reporters, and I sim-
ply propose to add something to the amount—that
is all—to amend an aheady existing proposition
in the bill. 1 grant you that I have no power to
bring in an entirely new subject without the con-
sent of a committee, or without a recommendation
from a Department; but this docs not stand on that
basis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is manifest that there
is a very considerable majority of the Senate in
favor of this proposition; and I really think the
Senator from Virginia had better withdraw his
objections on a mere point of order.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no tight to withdraw
a point of order. U is for the Chair to decide.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think m a little time a
committee can be found who would iccummend
it; and I move that llv Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is excluded on the
1 point of otfh-r. you cannot put it in.
i Mr. BROWN. Then I will vote for an ad-
! journment.
: Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not; let us get through
I with the bill.
i Mi. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the honorable
! Senator from Virginia to withdraw the objection,
' on thegiound of o question of order,and to alio v
1 the sense of the Senate to be taken.
| Mr. HUNTER. What nirht have I to with-
j draw a question of order? The matter of order
has been forced by the ruW. It does not depend
i on me whether the rules of the Senate shall be
enforced or not.
Mr. KING. I desire to ask the Senator from
! Virginia a question. Does he suppose that it is
■ not competent for a member to move to increase
1 or diminish an appropriation in a bill?
Mr. HUNTER. He cannot move to increase
it unless the increase be recommended by a com-
mittee, or an estimate from the head of a Depart-
i ment.
Mr. BROWN. If the point of order is insisted
: uoon, I move to refer the proposition which I have
! just introduced to the Committee on the District
. of Columbia. I think we can settle it by to-mot-
iow morning.
; Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate choose they can
: overrule the point. The Chair has not decided y<>t.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
| not decided the. poin^, but was about to suggest
j that he would take the opinion of the Senate on
i the question of order.
' Mr. BIGLER. Let that bo a test.
