362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Legislative, etc., Appropriation Bill—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the point of order is not
applicable to the amendment moved by my col-
league. There is a law which is found in your
appropriation act, for reporting the debates of the
Senate, and, under that law, he merely moves to
increase the compensation, if you please to change
the form of the compensation. It is a mere ques-
tion of dollars and cents. He is introducing, as
he says, no new subject, but under cover of law is
merely proposing to change the amount of com-
pensation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I take issue with the Senator
from Mississippi. There is no law paying these
reporters, and there never was a law for it.
Mr. D AV IS. Thi; law is for reporting the de-
bates of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. And the mode of compensation
is to pay the printer a gross sum. Now you may
change the mode of compensat ion certainly under
that law for reporting your debates. You may
pay your reporters a certain sum, and the print-
ers a certain sum.
Mr. TOOMBS I submit that the Senator is in
error. A contract to do a certain job of public
work with one man cannot be changed in this way
by paying money to another. That is the case
here. We have got a contract with one man that
he shall pay all the expanses of printing and re-
porting. The Senator says that under that law
we can pay anybody else.
Mr. DAVIS. If the contract were made so that
it could not be changed prospectively, if it were
a contract which bound the Senate to the expend-
itures of the present and second session of this
Congress, then I think the Senator would be
right; but if the contract be one which we make
with the printer for a certain work, and we now
propose for this session and for the next session
of this Congress to pay an additional sum, it is a
variation of the contiact, which we have a right
to make.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have a law to pay Mr.
Rives for this wotk, and now it is ptoposed, in
violation of that law, to pay other persons for it.
That is exactly the [joint of ordei, fiee fiom all
ambiguity. We have hired one man and agreed
to pay him. Theie is another more specific law
than the one which the Senator from Arkansas
read, but that is sufficient forme. By that law
we do not pay for reporting specially, but for re-
ioi ting and printing, $1 50 a column. That 1ms
■eon increased by adding to the number of copies
of the book you take, and by giving a cent for live
pages. Now, it is proposed, in wolation of that
law, and without the least authority of law, to
pay persons who ate not oui employes, or in other
woids to pay persons unknown to that law for the
discharge <>f i h m woi k.
Mr. J [UIN'TfCll. So far as I am concerned, I
will not interpose (he question of order nirninst the
sense of the Senate. My opinion is unchanged;
but ! will not press it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I renew the point of order.
Mr. PUGl 1. SSo do I.
Mr. STUART. J wish to have the amendment
read, as I understand it is to pay the same per-
son.
The Secretary read: "To enable John C. Rives
to pay" 
Air. STUART. That is enough.
Air. TOOMBS. That, I think, is within the
express rule of the Senate to increase salaries.
Myfncnd from Virgmiais fannliar with the rule;
you cannot raise salaries without the report of a
committee.
Mr. HUNTER. You cannot offer an amend-
ment increasing an apptopilation, except on the
recommendation of a committee or the estimate
of a Department."
Mr. TOOMBS. That h the rule as to the in-
crease of the salaries of officers recognized by law.
The rule is clear and plain. Gentlemen, no doubt,
will get over it in some way; but I simply wont
to have it settled, so thatwe may know what the
rule is.
Air. BROWN. I hope the Senate will allow
this amendment of mine to be referred to a com-
mittee, and that then we shall adjourn and wc can
settle it m the morning.
Sevetal Scn'^tors. Pass it now.
Air. BROWN. I am willing to do that, and I
P
bi
think there is a clear majority of the Senate in
favor of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. The Senator
from Virginia proposed to amend the bill by strik-
ing out certain words, which he specified. Before
taking the question on that motion, the Senator
from Mississippi moved to add certain words to
the clause proposed to be stricken out, in order
to perfect it before taking the question on striking
itout. The Senator from Virginia,and other Sen-
ators, have made a point of order, whether the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi is in
order. The Chair is about to submit that question
to the Senate to be decided.
Mr TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question of order. I want to see this settled
regularly as a precedent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is whether the amendment to the amendment shall
be received—whether it is obnoxious to the point
of order which has been raised?
Air. WADE. I am satisfied that we shall not
get the question this evening. [''Yes, we shall. "]
It is out'of fashion to finish anything here. We
get very near it, and go no further. I do not ex-
pect that we shall finish anything until the last
night of the session; and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
adivision—ayes 15, noes 20.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Chair will state the
proposition, so that Senators will comprehend it.
The form I take to be this: will the Senate receive
the amendment? In that foi m, everybody under-
stands how to \ote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. The question of
order, whieh is made, is that it is contrary to the
rules of the Senate to receive the amendment.
Air. CROWN. How will you take the ques-
tion ?
Air TOOMBS. The Chair has determined to
submit thatqucstion of order,and the question to
be submitted is: is it according to the rules of the
Senate to receive the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwilI
state the question as he supposes it to stand.
Air DAVIS. I understand the point of the
objection is to increasing the sum to be paid for
reporting for the Seriate. The objection is that
my colleague had no right, not speaking for a
committee and not having the estimate of a Depart-
ment, to propose an amendment which was in aid
of tin1 execution of the law forrcportingand print-
ing the debates of the Senate. It does not mat-
ter whether his purpose id to direct the payment
of a certain portion of this money to the report-
ers of the Senate. I do not think it would vary
his riirht to present the amendment if it svere to
provide for paying n certain sum to the reporter
and another certain sum to the printer. It would
still come under the general provision of report-
ing the debates of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish this question under-
stood, and notgot round. Of com so I know where
it is <*oing to. This is a clear equivoque. Can
the Senate receive any amendment out of order?
Otherwise, why make such a question as this?
The Senate voting for it is receiving it. You get
nd of your rules entirely by the mode proposed
bytheSenafoi from Mississippi. An amendment
is moved which the Senator from Virginia says
is contrary to the rules and orders of the Senate.
It is the rule that the Chair shall first decide such
a question, and that then an appeal may bo taken
from his decision. Now, it is suggested, how-
ever, that the Chair put the question whether the
Senate will receive the amendment. Has the
Senate a ri<rht to receive it out of order?
Air. BROWN. 1 understood the Chair to pro-
pose himself to submit, the question. I only sug-
gested the form m which it should be done.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to put the form so as
to get at the substance. I know what Senators
want. 11 is to get in tins amendment without being
bound by the precedent. I wish the Senate to
decide whether tins amendment is in order, so that
there may be one rule which shall govern the body
in all its transactions. This is nothing but hon-
esty and fair dealing. 1 wish the question sub-
mitted to the Senate whether this amendment be
in order or out of order; not whether they will re-
ceive it. Everybody can see the folly of putting
the question in that way; because, if the Senate
vote for an amendment, that vote receives it, and
thus the point of order could never arise. The
question of order is to defeat the majority of the
Senate, who wish to violate their own rules. The
object of the rules is to prevent a majority from
doing what they want to do out of order. I simply
ask—the Senator from Virginia having raised the
question of order, but he having withdrawn it,
and my friend from Ohio and myself having re-
newed it—that there shall be no indirection in this
matter; that the question of order shall be stood up
to and voted upon. I have no doubt the Senate
will vote me down; but I want it done directly. I
think it is right to have it done directly; and I
think that gentlemen in their eagerness to do this
thing should not care about how it may stand in
their way in the future. I have an amendment
here myself. [" Question ! question !"] Never
mind calling the question yet. You will not have
it before I am ready. I have an amendment which
I may wish to offer. It has notgot the sanction
of a committee; but it is very important to the
public. It is to carry out some experiment made
in reference to fhe coins of the United States, and
is recommended by the Treasury Department;
but has not been before a committee, owing, per-
haps, to my own neglect. If it is in oider with-
out coming fiom a committee, I desire to move
that amendment to one section of the bill. I
simply ask the majority to do this thing decently,
and in order.
Air. STUART. I suppose it will be unques-
tionably admitted that the Chair will put the ques-
tion to the Senate in such form as he thinks is
right, governed by his own judgment; and I only
rise for the purpose of saying that since I have
had the honor of a seat in this body, a question
of this kind has always been put m this form:
Will the Senate i eceive the amendment' The ques-
tion has been put a gre/it many times in my pres-
ence, and always in this form; and I think the
honorable Senator from Virginia will say so. It
is a question of oider, it is true; but that is the
form in which it was always put.
Mr. PUGH. The objection which was made
by the Senator from Virginia, and lenewed by the
Senator from Georgia and myself, is that this
proposition is in \iototion of the standing rules of
the Senate. In my judgment, it is in open, un-
equivocal violation of those rules, and that ques-
tion is made to the Presiding Officer of tins body.
If lie decides that it is in order, I shall appeal
fiom his decision; and then I ask of the Senate
the question, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate? How is it pro-
posed to circumvent my right as a Senator to ap-
peal from the decision of the Presiding Officer ?
Why, sir, it is pioposed to put the question to the
Senate, not whether the amendment is m order,
but whether the Senate will receive it in order or
out of order? Whntarc your rules worth? You
must give one day's notice before you can amend
a rule of this body. If any Senator rises to-day
and moves to amend a rule, I have a right, indi-
vidually, to insist that it shall go over twenty-
four hours; and why does the majority undertake
to trample on my tight to insisttliat there shall be
twenty-four hours' delay before the rules of this
body are altered? 'Therefore I say—whatever
may have been the usage heretofore I do not know
and I do not care—the question which the Senate
is to decide and put on its record,and to which I
shall refer hereafter, is whether or not this amend-
ment ia in order under us rules * I say it is out of
o'-der, and this is an attempt to violate the right
of every Senator on this floor to insist that the
rules shall not be changed under less than twen-
ty-four hours' notice.
Now,sir,isit pretended that because the House
of Representatives have sent to us a bill appro-
priating money to a certain class of individuals,
theiefore we can appropriate to another class of
individuals? Is it pretended that because, bylaw,
or by usage, or bv resolution, we have given one
man ^>l,000a year, therefore any Senator can move
to increase if to $3,000 a year ? Is it pretended
that because, by law, the salary of the President of
the United States is £25,000 a year, I, as a Sena-
tor, can move, on this bill, to give him $100,000
