314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 18,
ingof the light-house and pier at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a memorial of
the register and receiver of the land office at Mont-
gomery, Alabama, praying that the compensation
of registers and receivers maybe increased; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
He also presented papers in relati on to the claims
of DanielS, Ryan and Henry C. Wyley, admin-
istrators of R. D. Rowland and James M. Crook,
to the reimbursement of an amount paid by them
for certain lands purchased of the Government,
and of which they have been deprived by the claims
of ceitaiii Indians thereto; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Burlington to Farmington 111 that
State; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of merchants
and others at Toledo, Ohio, praying for the enact-
ment of a law to regulate and establish a system
of lights to be carried at night by sailing vessels
navigating the lakes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of merchants and
others at Toledo, Ohio, praying that the act of
March 5, 1856, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to change the names of vessels in certain
cases, be repealed; which was ordered to lie on the
table, the Senate having already passed a bill for
this object.
Mr. STUART presented a memorial of the
Oakland County Agricultural Society, praying
that a donation of public land be made to each
of the States, for the encouragement and promo-
tion of agricultural education; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
that portion of the public domain situated on the
west side of Lake Pepin and the Mississippi
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, praying to
be allowed the benefits of the preemption law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the regis-
ter and receiver of the land office at Fort Dodge,
Iowa, praying that the compensation of registers
and receivers may bo increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Doug-
lass Oftinger, of the United States revenue ser-
vice, praying for permission to exhibit before the
appropriate committee, his invention of an ap-
paratus for rescuing the passengers and crews of
sinking vessels, on the open sea; winch was rc-
feired to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULE Hi prosenicd the petition of Bernard
M. Byrne, a surgeon in the Army, piaying to be
allowed compensation for certain special services
rendeitd under contract with the commanding
officer at Fort Gilieland, Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of the
register and receiver of the land office at Indian-
apolis, Indiana, praying that the compensation of
registers and receivers may be increased; winch
was icferml to the Committee on Public Lands.
Air. SLIDELL presented the petition of George
Frasier, praying for compensation for losses oc-
casioned by the unauthorized acts of Mexican
authorities, in the year 1840; which was refened
to the Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
Mr. FOSTER. I present the memorial of Hen-
ry Collins Flascg, of New Haven, Connecticut.
The memorialist sets forth that he is the oldest
and only surviving son of the late Doctor Henry
Collins Flagg, of Charleston, South Carolina;
that his father served dunngthe war of the Revo-
lution as surgeon, and as apothecary general from
the commencement to the close of the war, and
died in the city of Charleston,South Carolina, in
the month of April, IS01, leaving a widow and
three children; the widow has since died, and of
the three children the memorialist is one, Mrs.
Wigfall,the widow of Thomas Wigfall, of South
Carolina, another, and Ebenezer Flagg, since de-
ceased, leaving a widow and children, the third.
Doctor Flagg, under the resolves of the Conti-
nental Congress, was entitled to half pay for life
both as surgeon and as apothecary general nom
the close of the war to the time of his death.
During his life he never received that half pay,
nor any commutation or consideration for it. His
descendants since his decease have received
nothing.
The memorialist, under these circumstances,
presents his memorial, because it is in no other
way that he can bring the subject to the attention
of the Government. He disclaims, however, al-
together, the idea of standing in the attitude of
appealingto thegenerosity or the magnanimity of
Congress. He places his claim on the ground that
he is a creditor of the Government, and asks pay
for an honest debt. 13e asks, of couise, only that
proportion which would belong to him as one of
the children of the late surgeon general. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Eh/.a G. Townsend have leave to with-
draw her petition and paper?.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Lewis Moms, and the
petition of \V. Alduck, and othei officers of the Tampico
Mounted Rangets, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee 011 Mihtaiy Allans and Militia.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Daniel Whitnev, on the files
of the Senate, berelened to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William White, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to ihe Committee on Pen&ions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 35) for the
relief of Michael Kinny, late a private in com-
pany I, eighth regiment, United States Army, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the letter of
William D. Elam, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, fiom the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
citizens of Mississippi in relation to the ofliceof
chaplain in the public service, presented January
Jii, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
members of the bar of the circuit and criminal
courts of the District of Columbia, reported a hill
(S. No. 64) to equalize the salaries of certain
judges of the courts for the District of Colum-
bia, and for otherpurposes; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the report of the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the erection of a fort at
New In let, Not th Carolina, asked to be discharged
fiom its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia; which was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the adverse
report of the Committee on Public Lands on the
petition of the children of Polly Colgrovc; the
memorial of W. P. Wnght, Maik Sheppard, and
others; the petition of John A. Ragan; the petition
of Salmon G. Grover, and others; the petition of
J. M. Morrill; and the petition of citizens of New
York, asking adivision of the public domain into
farms for actual settlers; and the report was con-
curred in.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HUNTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a jointrosolution
(S. No. 8) to provide ice-boats on the Potomac
river; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill ($. No. G3)
making a grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of a
railroad in said State; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. j
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con- ]
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 62) ■
to establish an additional land district in the State
of Iowa; which was read twiie by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S.No. 9) for the compensation of R. R. Richards,
late chaplain to the United States penitentiary,
for his salary up to the 30th of June, 1857; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
TROOPS IN KANSAS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish the Senate a statement showing the number of troops
stationed in Kansas each quarter, since the 1st day of Jan-
uaiy, 1855, down to the present time.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. BIGGS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask that it may be considered now:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs be in-
structed to inquue into the expediency of establishing a
national foitndeiy on Deep tiver, in the State of North Caro-
lina; and that they report by bill or otlieiwise.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not propose todetain the Sen-
ate, but simply to call the attention of the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs to an important report
made on this subject by a very distinguished geol-
ogist, now the State geologist of North Carolina,
and favorably known throughout the country—
Professor Emmons. On this important subject,
he has made a special report to the Governor of
North Carolina, with which I will, at the proper
time, furnish the committee,in which he enumer-
ates the advantages of a foundery at this particular
point, as follows:
i: It« abundant supply of bituminous? and semi-bituminous
eonls of the best qualities; its vast resources for the man-
ufacture of iron; its ninteiials for eonsti uction m wood and
stone ; ample w <iter power; its soil and productions ; and its
ehmale and good water. Besides, it will be out of the reach
of any enemy in tunc of war.
u Araihnad is now being constructed from the coal fields
to Fayettcviilo, which would give the United States Arsenal
at the latter place easy communication with the foundery."
1 hope it will receive the favorable consideration
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The resolution was adopted.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
in order is the report from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, in reference to assign-
ing the rooms in the north wing of the Capitol.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to make one change
in the assignment, so that the room which was
assigned to the Vice President be given to the
Committee on Finance, and the room assigned to
the Committee on Finance be given to the Vice
President.
The amendment was agreed to; and the report
as modified was adopted.
HENRY VOLCKER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 39)
to confirm the title of Henry Volcker to a ccrtain
tract of land in the Territory of New Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the bill pass ?
Mr. STUART. When that bill was up the
other day, I remarked that I thought it was im-
portant that the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims should state to the Senate the
grounds on which the committee had acted. The
honorable Senator was not then in his seat, and
the bill was laid over for the purpose of obtaining
thatmformauon. It seemed to me, from the read-
ing of it, to involve some important questions. It
would appear that this land was granted by the
State of Texas, it being now in New Mexico; I
therefore inferred that it was land which was
within a boundary formerly claimed by Texas;
but that in adjusting the boundary, when Texas
was admitted into the Union, it full within the
hmitsof New Mexico,and consequently was paid
for by the United States, the United States hav-
ing given $10,000,000 to Texas to accept of that
boundary. Now the case, as presented, so far as
I can learn from the bill, proposes that the Uni-
