1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
ted States shall confirm the grant which was made
by Texas. It may be right; but it seemed to me
to be a case which needed some explanation, and
1 hope the honorable Senator will state what the
facts are.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the facts
connected with this claim are stated in the report
made by the committee. By an act of the Con-
gress of the Republic of Texas, approved the 19th
of December, 1836, the western boundary of Texas
was declared to extend to the Rio Grande river;
and by a map prepared under the direction of the
War Office, m 1644, the Rio Grande was also laid
down as the western boundary of Texas. After
the annexation of Texas to the United States, this
Government recognized the boundaries of Texas
as defined by the act of Congress of the Republic
of Texas, approved the 19th of December, 1836;
so at the date of the certificate from the board of
commissioners, to a period beyond the time of the
location and survey of this land, the land covered
by the location and survey was within the terri-
tory belonging to Texas, and was subject to lo-
cation and settlement under the authority of that
State. Texas was on the eve of issuing a patent
for this land—the survey was completed on the
22d of July, 1850—but by the series of compro-
mise measures which took effect on the 9th of
September, 1850, this portion of the Territory of
Texas was ceded to the United States.
The question simply is, whether tins inchoate
title does not vest in the petitioner a right to claim
from the Government a patent for his land. That,
under the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States, even in the case of territory ac-
quired from enemies, is beyond question. This
man had his survey, his location, his confirm-
ation, and would have had his patent within a
month, had not the act of Congress of the 9th of
September, 1850, intervened, which deprived the
government of Texas of the power of issuing a
patent to protect this inchoate title. This bill
merely perfects the inchoate title of this man,
who has settled on this tract of land by virtue of
the authority of the State of Texas, and has a
perfect title from that State, with the exception
of the issuing of a patent, and had it at the time
of the passage of the act of Congress of 1850.
Mr. STUART. From my recollection of the
portion of the report which was read on Thurs-
day, this tract of land was received by this indi-
vidual from the State of Texas by way of dona-
tion, the consideration being settlement upon it.
Am I right about that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. So that there was never any-
thing paid to the State of Texas. He went on the
ground and occupied it as a citizen of Texas, and
now claims title under that grant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. Well, Mr. President, I cer-
tainly, not being any better informed about this
case than I am, cannot undertake to dispute the
propriety of it; but it struck me, on the first rend-
ing of the report, and does now, that there was no
ground on which this individual should receive
this land as a mere donation from the Government
of the United States. I did not hear any facts in
the report which went to show a set of equitable
circumstances——
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The original certificate is
dated in the year 1846, and shows the settlement,
by one Simon Prado, upon this land, by virtue
of the laws of Texas, which authorized the set-
tlement, and granted a certain tract of land to the
person who had settled. The laws of the State
of Texas required a location and survey of the
land. The right of this settler was recognized by
the State of Texas. The land was located and
surveyed. It is the homestead of the grantee.
Mr. STUART. Does he reside on it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The present petitioner is
the assignee of the original settler.
Mr. STUART. Does he reside on it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not stated in the peti-
tion. I am not aware that the present petitioner
resides on the land, but he purchased it from the
settler who did reside on the land,and whose title
was perfect with theexception of the paper patent.
The location, the survey, the confirmation by the
commsisionersj everything was complete at the
moment of the passage of the act of Congress.
The survey having been completed in July, and
the act of Congress passed in September of the
same year, there was not time for the issuing
of a patent before the annexation of this portion
of the territory of Texas to New Mexico. The
inchoate title, the equitable title in the man, is
complete.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question in connection with this subject?
Does he know the character of this land? Is it
agricultural or mineral? Do the papers in the
case show?
Mr. BENJ AMIN. I understand it to be agri-
cultural land.
Mr. STUART. Do the papers in the case show
that ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The papers do not show it,
but they show that the grantee settled upon the
land and had his homestead there; and tins land,
thus settled upon, granted by the State of Texas
to thesettler, was transferred by him tothepresent
petitioner. The original settler was named Simon
Prado. I have not the slightest idea that this land
is mineral land. It is not in the section of country
where mineral lands are found. It is on this side
of the Rio Grande.
Mr. STUART. I dislike to interfere with any
such case as this which I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine. The proceedings on the bill
to-day were had when my attention was drawn
away from the business before the Senate; and I
would be obliged to the Senator if he would allow
me to enter a motion to reconsider the vote order-
ing the bill to a third reading, and let it stand a
day or two, and I will look into the papers and
see if I find any objection to it.
I say to the Senator again, that I do not wish
to interfere with the business of his committee;
but it strikes me there is something in this case
which ought to be looked into. If this is mineral
land, there is strong reason why the title should
not be "ranted; and also, if it is a grant made on
condition of settlement, and there is no settlement
on it now, and it is not really the homestead of
the person who makes the claim, then I see no
reason why it should be done; but if it is not min-
eral land, and the present claimant- is the occupant
of the land under the original grant from Texas,
1 should think the grant ought to be made by the
United States. I should be glad to have a little
time to look into it, if the Senator has no objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I certainly can make no
objection to that.
i\lr. STUART. Then I make the motion to
reconsider the vote ordering the bill to a third
reading, and allow it to be passed over.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
PRESENTATION OF MEDALS.
The joint resolution (S. No. 5) to authorize
certain officers and men engaged in the search for
Sir John Franklin, to leceive certain medals pre-
sented to them by the Government of Great Brit-
ain, was read a second time, and consideied as in
Committee of the Whole. There being no amend-
ment offered, the joint resolution was reported to
the Senate without amendment.
Mr. MALLOllY. This joint resolution was
introduced at the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Navy, who has furnished the Committee on
Naval Affairs with a letter, stating that several
medals, prepared by the British Government, are
ready for presentation to parties who have gone
on the expeditions fitted out in the United States
for the search of Sir John Franklin. The leso-
lution is simply to enable the officers and men to
receive them.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; was read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM B. TKOTTER.
The bill (S. No. 53) for the relief of William
B. Trotter, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to William B. Trotter, of "Clarke county,
Mississippi, $1,680, in full of all demands grow-
ing out of the emigration and subsistence of Choc-
taw Indians in the State of Mississippi, in the
year lb31, under a conn act with the United States.
The United States obliged itself, by a treaty
with the Choctaw Indians, m 1830, to remove
the Choctaw people from the lands which they
then occupied in the State of Mississippi, to other
lands which had been set apart for them in the
West. In pursuance of this obligation, the Gov-
ernment, through its agent; George S. Gaines.
Esq., contracted with the petitioner to subsist a
party of thirteen hundred and thirty-two Indians
while they should be on their way from the ren-
dezvous to Pearl river, at the rate of six cents per
ration. The party set out on October 26, and
reached its destination on November 12, 1831. It
is shown by the official certificate of the assistant
emigrating agent, and by the vouchers iiled, that
the petitioner executed his contract according to
its stipulations. The certificate is in these words:
" I do certify, on honor, the above rations (23,976)
were issued at six cents per ration, and I believe
must have cost the contractor twenty-six cents."
The petitioner complains that he was grossly
misled by representations made to him as to the
quantity and price of provisions in the country
through which he was to pass; and of the truth
of this declaration, the committee entertain no
doubt.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS. •
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the motion to refer so much of the President's
message as relates to Kansas affairs to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, in addressing my-
self to the Senate, on this occasion, permit me to
say that I am not one of those who think that the
introduction of this subject into the debates of the
Senate wasehher premature or ill-timed. I believe
1 that it was appropriately introduced; that its in-
i troduction was expected by the public; and,con-
j sidering the extraordinary position of the Presi-
! dent of the United States, I should think thatthose
j who differed from him widely upon the meas-
! ure which is so prominent would have been der-
! elict in their duty if they had failed to challenge
at the very outset the doctrine promulgated in his
message. I may excuse myself—and I can only
speak for myself, though it is not impossible that
some friends who sympathize with me may have
been governed by the same motive—when I say
that thus far 1 have refrained from throwing: my-
self prominently before the Senate and before the
country on this question, for the reason that I
believed there was a greater curiosity in the land •
to know what other men thought, and what they
would say, than there was to know what so hum-
ble an individual as myself would say.
Amongst those gentlemen for the expression
of whose sentiments the public waited with deep,
and earnest and anxious solicitude, prominent
stood the Senator from Illinois, amF however I
may animadvert upon his position in some re-
spects, I must do him the credit to say that in
that emergency he fully met the public expecta-
tion, and frankly and ably met the issue which
the President had tendered to him. So far I accord
with him, and as I accord with him on one other
point, I may as well mention it at once, and then
go on to the divergence. I agiee with him in op-
posing this Lecompton constitution, in opposing
the iccommendation of the President to force it
on the necks of an unwilling people; I agree with
him there entirely and fully; but I am not opposed
to the Lecompton constitution, I am not opposed
j to the President's attempt to force it on the necks
i of that people, I am not opposed to this attempt
! to substitute force for reason, because it is con-
; trary to the principles and policy of the Nebraska
I bill," but because it is in exact conformity with
s them, part of the original programme, carrying it
I out, if not in letter, in spirit exactly. Sir, if there
j has been a controversy between that distinguished
! Senator and the President of the United States, I
I think the palm of victory must be awarded to the
| President, and that notwithstanding he was out
! of the country, away over in England, discharging
i the high diplomatic duties which his country had
devolved on him, I think when he undertakes to
bring in the Federal army to force this constitu-
tion on the people of Kansas, he shows that he
understands the Nebraska bill just exactly as
well as if he had been heie, part and parcel of it
at the time it was passed. That is the reason
why I am opposed to this measure. I was op-
posed to the bill; I have been opposed to it in its
