1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
35th Cong....1st Sess.
De Visser and Villarubia—>Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
a year? What is the object of your rule ? It is
to prevent legislation, at the end of a session, in
this hurried manner; to require the safeguard of
an estimate; to require the recommendation of a
standing committee. But, sir, I do not know that
it is worth while to urge this matter. I see that
this amendment is to pass, and I do not believe
that all the rules that ever were made will stand
in the way of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust the Senate will rather
adjourn than violate so plain a rule of order as
must be violated if we receive this proposition. I
am aware that the Senate is impatient, and I shall
not say more than a word or two. At the same
time, I deprecate the idea that under an immedi-
ate excitement connected with a trivial measure,
in some respects, a great general rule of the Sen-
ate should be violated. I am in favorof the prop-
osition on its coming properly before the Senate.
1 agree that the reporters of the Senate are enti-
tled, properly—not because- a different course de-
grades them, but because it degrades ourselves in
not doing justice to them—to the same compensa-
tion you give for similar labor in the House of
Representatives. I agree to that; but for all that,
or for any purpose, 1 am not willing to introduce
a precedent which violates so plainly the order of
the Senate, and puts down entirely eveiy rule oi
regulation you have, at the mere will of a major-
ity. I must vote agam&t the proposition to re-
ceive the amendment.
Mr. TuUMBULL. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi; but
1 do not think, with my undeistandmg of the
rules, that it is in order, and I shall be bound to
vote against receiving it. 1 believe the rules, as the
Senator ftom Geotgia has said, are made for mi-
norities; and it majorities are to set them aside
they will do no good. Mojoiities need no rules.
They aiu for the benefit of the minority; and if it
is insisted upon, therefore, that a question of order
is to be made, i move that the Senate adjourn; and
let this amendment come fiom a committee.
Mr. HUJN'TEIl. Let us finish it.
The motion was agieed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 25, noes 15; and the Senate
adjourned.
DE VISSER AND Y1LLARUB1 A—CUSTOM-HOUSE
FHAl'DS AT NEW ORLEANS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Friday, May 14, 1858.
Mr. IlrsTKK'a motion io lecoiwdei the vote pas^inj^ the
hill (or the ichef of ffnnon De Vissei and Jo->e Villaiubiii,
ol ISew Oilcans, having been agreed to—
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 have no disposition at all to
enter into any discussion of the merits of this case.
I merely wish to piesent a fact for the considera-
tion of "the Senate that 1 think will be conclusive
with the majonty. The purpose of the bill is to
relieve Messrs. De Visser & Co. from all penal-
ties and forfeitures incurred in consequence of
fraudulent invoices of some sugar that was entered
at New Orleans. I am inclined to think, m fact I
am willing to concede from an examination of the
testimony, that the now members of that house,
the other partners of the house, were entirely in-
nocent of all fraudulent intention; that they were
the victims of a misplaced confidence in one of
their partners. I shall now only move to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until Decem-
ber noxt, and 1 will state very briefly the reasons
that induce me to do so.
A full investigation of this case was had in the
district court of the United States at New Orleans.
De Visser & Co. were large importers of sugars
and other merchandise from Havana to the port
of New Orleans. There is no imputation upon
the good faith of the larger portion of the mem-
bers of the firm; their character is not impeached.
But a person of the name of Meleye, a full partner
in the concern, having, it is true, buta small share
in the profits—I think some fifteen or sixteen per
cent m lieu of salary—was employed to transact
their custom-house business. A discovery was
made, almost accidentally, that an invoice of two
hundred boxes of sugar, which, it appeared after-
wards, had been fabiieaied in New Orleans, way
a forgeiy, by a simple substitution of one set of
figures lor another, by carrying out a false mul-
tiplication. The amount of the invoice on which
duty was to be charged was reduced very consid-
erably, so as to make on that single importation-
a difference of some two thousand dollars. This
discovery was not made until some weeks, or
perhaps months, after the entry of the sugar; and
the sugar had been discharged and had passed into
the warehouses of these gentlemen. When the
discovery was made, the sugar was seized; all
the facts were submitted to a jury, and a verdict
in favor of the claimants of the sugar was ren-
dered. If the sugar had been seized on board
ship, the case would have been on the admiralty
side of the district court, and there would have
been no intervention of a jury. Be that as itrnay,
the law officer at New Orleans, and his superiors
here, think that the charge of the couit to the
jury, which probably caused their decision in this
case, is obnoxious to very grave objections in
point of lav/, and they have appealed from the de-
cision of the district couit to the circuit couit,
which sits, I think (my colleague can inform me,
for lie is more familiar with the details) towards
the end of this month; or, at any rate, in the be-
ginning of J line. If the decision of the circuit
court should affirm that of the distiict court, 1
shall have nothing funher to say on this subject.
It involves a very great principle.
The fraud which was the subjectof controversy
in the particular case that I have alluded to, was
but one of a series of frauds, extending hack for
some two or three years, including some thirty
or forty entiies, if I mistake not, and involving a
loss of revenue, if they had not been diseoveicd,
of twenty or thirty thousand dollars. The part-
ner who made these entries at the custom-house,
charged the firm with the full amount of the du-
ties that ought to have been levied on the invoices;
but by a fraudulent change in the invoices he was
enabled to enter the ^oods at a much lower rate
of duty, and he pocketed the difference between
the amount which ought to have been paid, and
the amount which was actually paid under these
fraudulent invoices. It does not appear, I am
willing to admit, thatMessfs. De Visser and Vil-
larubia, the remaining partners in the firm, had
any cognizance of these frauds, or in any degree
profited by the peijury and fraud of their part-
liei; hut it is a very gra\ c question whether a com-
mercial house is not responsible, morally, if it is
not legally, to the Government for the nets of its
partners, however innocent its other membeis
may have been of any participation in them. That
is the question. That question is to be submit-
ted to the circuit court of the United States, and
will be decided in a lew weeks.
I admit the case is a very hard one. These
gentlemen for a time suffered in reputation and
character from the act of a dishorn st partner; but
1 have a letter here from the distiict attorney—1
will not occupy the time of the Senate in rending
it—in which he points out exceptions to the charge
of the district court to the jury, which I think
tenable and well founded; but at any rate this case
being now on appeal to the cucuit couit,and very
soon about to'be decided, involving very grave
questions of law and a large amount of money—■
because the claim against, De Visser & Co , I
think, amounts to $$00,000 for various penalties
and forfeitures—I consider it but right that the
question should be submitted to the action of that
court. If it should be decided by that couit that
these gentlemen are in no sense legally or morally
responsible for the act of their partner, i cei tainly
shall have no disposition to contest any measure
of relief that may be brought forward, however
early at the next session of Conguss; but for the
moment I think we should at least let this matter
be considered by the appellate court. I will not
enter into any discussion as to the particular facts
of the case-, but I move now to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until the first Mon-
day in December next. If that motion shall fail,
I will then state to the Senate all the circum-
stances of the case, and dispute the bill upon its
merits.
Mr. TOOMBS. I oppose the postponement' of
this case. It waf referred to the Committee on
Commerce, of which I am a member, and sub-
mitted by that committee to me. The facts are
full, clear, and distinct beyond all sort of question,
and I suppose the mam difficulty is as to the
amount of forfeiture of which the custom-house
officers, and probably the clerks themselves by
whose om ssion these transactions occurred, are
to be beneficial ies.
Mr. SLIDELL. In order to relieve the Sena-
tor from any embarrassment on that score^ I will
state that probably I should have known nothing
of this case, and should not have thought propy
to interpose if the officers of the custom-house
had not called my attention to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had no doubt whatever it was
a question of forfeiture with clerks who are en-
deavoring to visit these heavy penalties on gentle-
men, whom the evidence taken before a judicial
tribunal shows to be entirely innocent, to justify
themselves for their own gross neglect. Any
Senator who will read the petition m this case
cannot doubt for an instant as to what ought to
be done. It seems that these two gentlemen,
Messrs. De Visser and Villarubia, bought out a
concern then existing in New Orleans, as import-
er of sugars. The old house had a clerk who had
attended to the businessof passing their commod-
ities through the custom-house. The new firm
took him in at the rate of one eighth. He was
really a clerk, but they gave him a compensation
of one eighth of the profits, and afterwards car-
ried it to fifteen per cent., his whole duty being to
attend to the entries of the custom-house, he be-
ing acquainted with the language in which the
original invoices were drawn, and familiar with
custom-house business. They, dealt to a very large
amount through the custom-house, ft is in evi-
dence befoic the judicial tribunal which tried the
case that these gentlemen paid to their clei k cvei y
dollar of the amount of duties due according to
the coi rect invoices, that they checked for it, and
' that he went to the bank and drew the money,
then went to the custom-'house where he com-
' nutted the frauds. In some cases they were done
! by the simple running out of figures, which would
I have been detected but for the carelessness of the
officers of the Government. By a simple mistake
m the figures in turning the Spanish money into
our money he would oftentimes filch three, four,
or five hundred dollars. This went on for three
or four years by the grossest negligence of the
officers of the United States themselves—these
very clerks who are pressing the forfeitures. The
evidence supporting this claim is all before me ju-
dicially settled—it is not in pais—and I will read
the decision of the commissioner and the state-
ment of the district attorney. This man, asl said,
who is charged as a full partner, had but a special
duty to pei foi m, that of passing the invoices and
paying the duties, and it turns out upon examina-
tion of the evidence befoie the court, and by the
examination of the bonks of l hese gentlemen, who
seem to be as honorable merchants as their fel-
lows from all account, that they paid every dime
of the legal duties. They checked for the money
and he drew it out of the bank, and by the negli-
gence of the officers of the Government he was
allowed to steal on single in\oices sometimes two
humiied, sometimes three hundred dollars, and
again would forge invoices instead of giving tho
true ones, thereby cheating the Government out
of large amounts of duty.
When this was discovered at the custom-house,
the officeisdid not communicate with this house;
but knowing that he was in tiiis scrape, and hav-
ing confessed it to the officers of the Government,
they allowed him to remain two or three days
without communicating the facts to the other
partners, gave him an opportunity to run away,
which he did, and then arrested these two gentle-
men for frauds on the United States. The case
went through a thoiough examination, and I will
read to the Senate the admissions of the commis-
sioner of the United States and the district attor-
ney:
The district attorney waiving all opposition or reply to
the appeal of the defence, the commissioner &aid he was
prppaied to pronounce lii-< opinion promptly ; that lie could
^ee no evidence and no en euni^tance implicating the pcu-
ilemen. ua uie\ vveicehaiged m the ti an-acuons ot M6i6\ e ;
and,at th« ( f the d jiens-e, he pionnscl to give a
wntt n ceitifieate to that etlect lor the satisfaction of Use
gentlemen.
|1 The deduct attorney t'n n sard, that now, a? the ea=o
j t was f.uilv closed, he ielt it incumbent on linn, in jounce lo
h th^ geuUem 'ii aeeu^e.l, a> well as to the cause of truth, to
'I e\"pic-s Sn.s enme concmrmee in the decision of tlu com-
S; mi-fionei. The oMimmamn. lie fr>o to >-ay, had iv-
li suited a.> he Suul believci} H wouM, though he wau
