864
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 14,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
De Visser and Villarubia—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
by a sense of duty to the Government, to piosecute the
matter thus far. fie was ^tatifi^d to find that his own pri-
vate convictions weie so completely demonstrated to be
coirect as they were by the result of {he examination."
They had no participation in the frauds. They
paid the correct amount of duties according to the
original invoices. The frauds were committed by
this man, who received fifteen percent, of the prof-
its, as clerk's hire, for doing this business, instead
of a standing salary, he having belonged to the
old house whom they purchased out, and recom-
mended by that house to them, and not knowing
anything of his character more than that. Sub-
sequently the leading merchants of New Orleans
appointed a committee to examine the books of
those gentlemen, and I will read what they say.
Mr. SLIDELL. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Georgia that I think I have admit-
ted that there is no shadow of suspicion attaching
to the character of these gentlemen, and I think,
that point being conceded, he may pass it over.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to show that the care-
lessness was with the Government, and that there-
fore the Government ought not to insist on these
extraordinary penalties. They have seized a cargo
of sugar, not for the duties owing to the Govern-
ment, but for forfeitures to the amount of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollais, when the duties
were but a few thousand. They sue for forfeit-
ures for the benefit of clerks in the custom-house,
when the whole fraud was produced by theirown
carelessness; and this opposition, us the Senator
very ftankly concedes, comes from them. They
arc the people who are seeking the forfeiture to
increase their pay, when it was the neglect of
these very officers that allowed the frauds to be
perpetrated.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Allow me to suggest that
I have only one possible doubt about the matter,
and that doubt arises fiom my ignorance of the
law governing the case. This appeals to have
been a very large seizure; and 1 suppose, if the
pioperty be condemned, the custom-house oili-
ccrs will be entitled to a certain,,proportion.
Mr. TOOMBS. One half.
Mr. FESSKNDRN. If Cnn^rosa remits the
penalties, will they not have any possible claim
at all ?
Mr. TOOMBS. None whatever.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know the huv
on that point.
Mr. HAMLIN. If they do not recover the
penalties il.ey will not i.ret any poi Lion.
Mr. KE8SENDEN.' lias there, not been a
condemnation ?
Mr. BEN J A MTN. Not at all. These parties
do not go into the question whether they are le-
gally responsible; but they say it is a very cruel
tiling to have such a suit pending against them
even if it is a legal liability.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the shape of thiu
bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN. To discharge ihem from
the pending suits. One suit has already been de-
cided in their favor, but there is an appeal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If a man recognized as
their agent committed the fraud, it would not be
right that the Government should lose the amount
of the duties.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Oh, no; that is not pro-
vided.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Government loses noth-
ing.
Mr. MALLORlc. The Senator from Maine
anticipated me. I desire to ask what the rights
of the seizing officers are, in case of seizuie ? If a
forfeiture had taken place, they would undoubt-
edly have had a portion of the proceeds, and it
would have been beyond the power of the Treas-
ury Department, to release that portion ooTnng to
them. Have they any such rights now, while
the prosecution of the suit is going on ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No; and that is the import-
ance of passing the bill now—that they shall not
have. They have got none now.
Mr. SLIDELL. Under certain circumstances,
forcertain violations of the revenue laws, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has a right to lemit; but
he has no right to remit in this case. The for-
feiture has cither accrued, or ir has not. If it has,
it seems to mo there is a vested rightin these offi-
cers to the extent of their interest in the seizure,
of which Congress cannot divest them by legis-
lation. I submit that point to the consideration
of the Senator from Georgia. The Secretary un-
questionably can remitapenalty;and in remitting
it, as regards the United States, he has a right to
say that the custom-house officers shall be en-
titled to no share of any forfeiture that may be
made; but this is a very different question; I am
inclined to think, a-new one. If there be any
rights vested in these officers by the seizure, which
the Secretary cannot remit, I doubt whether, by
any constitutional action of Congress, the rights
of officers of the custom-house can be divested.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no difficulty what-
ever in the suggestion of the Senator from Louis-
iana. There is no vested right in forfeitures by
anybody. I take it the Senator will find that to
he a universal principle of law; one practiced upon
by this Government from the beginning. There
is no such thing as a vested right in a forfeiture
until there is a judgment of a court adjudicating
the forfeiture. That is a universal principle; and
there aie cases running through your whole sys-
tem of revenue laws showing it. The importance
of present action is to defeat these very people
who are attempting to obtain these forfeitures.
The custom-house officers, for a scries of years,
by the greatest negligence—which would ordina-
rily amount to a connivance at fraud—allowed
this proceeding to be carried on; and now they
want the amount of the forfeiture, not the Gov-
ernment debt The Government became satisfied
that cruel injustice was done to these honest men,
who had been imposed upon by theirown clerk,
and yet seek to obtain from them two or thiee hun-
I dred thousand dollars of a forfeiture. I will read
i —for it is important-—the certificate of a committee
i appointed by the leading merchants of New Or-
I leans on this subject. The books of these gentle-
I men were examined by a committee; and 1 beg
j the indulgence of the Senate while I read the re-
, suits of that examination:
■' '-At tbe icquest of mcsm.s. s. de Visser & Co., the wulci-
( Mailed have examined tiie above extiacth* from the books
I ol tin'ii htm, and on < \ammm'; tlx; statement and compar-
! itj£* its fcevei.tl item" with Hie chock bonks of H. l)e Yi*s.er
| & Co. on the ("anal Uank and other brinks, their ea^h book,
i invoice book, jou.nal and h'dtjci,and whatevci otherbooks
and voucliei - we deemed it propei to call loi,the lollowmg
facts aie npniueni to the uudor-.i<;ned :
'•1. That toi eveiy amount in the above statement chained
as deposited against entuc^, ihc-v piodue^ tlte coire.-pond-
ni2 chuck duly paid and canceled by the bank on winch it
wai drawn.
'•2. Tha I the amounts of Mich deposits as sot foith above,
eoi respond, m eveiy instance, with the amount of invoices
to which they relate, as then invoice book and the. copies
ot tiie otiiiuiat invoice-' received by them ftom Havana, as
lar a- they are m their po.sse^ion, clcailv show.
" : . That the item* of4 cvcc^ofduties,' leturned by the
custom-hoiiM1., in the above statement, correspond with cer-
tain hinnoiaml.i m their pnsM'hMon, pu M'i ved by thum, and
j which arc in Ihe handwi itmg of (,'hailes lUtftc} 6.
\ '• 1. That tiie invoices in their invoice book, journal, and
ledger, are chained with tiie vnnic amounts as tho^e named
I ' u-eeitained duties-,' in the s-aid ytateineut.
That the ptofits oiuheii invoice^ luvo been duly car-
ried to then pioiit and lo-.* account.
" 0. That tbt ii book-* are kept m the most icjrulai and
eoncct manner, and bear eveiy indication of honesty and
fan dealing.
" From tins examination, the undersigned conclude, that
thev give (nil eiedit to the above tiiatement, a* luuu-hm^ a
tiue and coirect account of the couise pur-lied by Messtts.
]>e Yis^er and Villarubia, with lefercnce to the duties on
m"ichani1ii>e to which it relets. That the memoianda fiom
JVIeU-j !*• of the sums set (oi ill in the loiegoim* statement as
' execs', of dunes retained by the custom-house.' was well
calculated to induce them to believe that Muc\<?, to whom
the actual duties had been intuited, bad honestly u^ed them
in the payment ol the duties justly due. That the books
show clearly that Messis. De Yi^er and Yillaiubia could
not have intended to dcfiaud the (.ovcinmcnt of its duties,
and that tiie manner m v Inch they have been kept, and their
; entties made, entnely negative any such FU<picio;i.
'• And. in conclusion.the undersi^nedclieeifully bear tes-
timony to the coinmeicial and • oeial standing of iMe->r.-. De
Yissci and Villarubia, to their honor. inte2iity and pi obi ty;
and cannot permit themselves, lor an instant, io believe that
thrv would tend thciasclvc. to the eonmii-.-iou of the nauds !
, mJi which their name ? have been ^o, unfortunately, and,as !
| we believe, so unjiiriiy connected." j
! That is signed by the leading importing houses i
| of New Orleans, including, I believe, every one :
I of character in the city. According to the testi- :
; mony of the commissioner and district attorney
| of the United States, and ail the merchants who
i inspected their books, there were never more hon-
j est, fair, or corrcct books kept by any meichants.
I   —-
i J' These cxuact* weie the statements copied from the
i books ot all the custom-licusc cntues.
Every dollar was paid by them according to the
true amount of the invoices. They paid the money
to this clerk, who cheated the Government by
running the Spanish reals out into dollars. He
would cheat the Government two or three hundred -
dollars on every invoice, and the custom-house of-
ficers could have detected it in a moment, if they
had made the calculation as they ought to have
done.
Mr. POLK. I should like to bo distinctly in-
formed whether this house of De Visser & Go.
have paid the duties to which the Government
was really entitled, or whether the only thing in
controversy is the penalties on the seizure at the
custom-house ?
Mr. BENJAMIN". The Government had the
choice of sucing for the duties as a debt, or for
the forfeitures. Instead of claiming from this
house the back duties, they have preferred to sue
for the forfeiture of the entire invoices imported
for a series of years, and commenced suit against
them for over three hundred thousand dollars.
They could not sue for both.at once, and they
have preferred to sue for the forfeiture of the in-
voices.
Mr. POLK. J understand that the house of
De Visser & Co. have actually parted with the
true amount of the duties.
Mr. TOOMBS and .Mr. BENJAMIN. Every
dollar.
Mr. POLK. And the fraudulent contrivancc,
by which the United States got less than they
were entitled to, was one of which tins Meteyc,
the cleik, got the advantage.
Mr. SLIDELL. A partner.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated the partnership,
lie was made a partner,first at one eighth, and
then at fifteen per cent, as a mere compensation.
That was the evidence.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to ask whether it was
not in the power of these gentlemen to have de-
posited in court the amount of duties short paid,
which they acknowledged to be due to the United
States; and whether they have done so or not?
and whether, by possibility, the consequences of
this act may not be to release De Vissei and Vil-
larubia altogether from any debt to the United
States, when it appears that the United States
hn^e been defrauded to the amount of twenty or
thirty thousand dollars by their agent?
Mr. TOOMBS. Tiie last question', I can answer
very fully, and it is the only one important to the
case. This bill does not discharge them from any
debt due the United States; and if the Senator
thinks it docs, he can put it in such ashanc as will
pievent any such thing. There is not the least
difficulty on that point. The bill docs nothing but
discharge them from suits for fo/fcitures, ngt only
for the goods that were seized, but for sugars, on
which duties had been paid years before. Under
the extraordinary circumstances of this case, the
frauds having been committed by the clerk of these
parties, the Government has chosen to bring suit
against them for the forfeiture of all sugar they
had ever imported in regard to which there was
fraud by the clerk. The effect of this bill is to re-
lease them from this forfeiture. The debt of the
Government I have no doubt is open.
Mr. SLI DELL. Why is it not paid ?
Mr. TOOMBS. T do not know. Theeasewas
presented to me as a member of the Committee on
Commerce; that was the first time I ever knew of
it. I took the case as presented, and as it has
been judicially determined. 1 know nothing about
it except as the facts disclosed in the testimony
show, not having the pleasure of knowing the
parties.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Georgia says
the bill is intended merely to release them from
the payment of forfeitures.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; it provides that the
suits shall be dismissed on payment of costs.
Mr. POLK. I am inclined to think the bill
may have a construction a little broader than that.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator can add an amend-
ment, providing for the paymentof duties, though
I think that would be a hard requirement. The
non-payment of the. full amount of duly resulted
entirely from the fraud of this man, whom the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] calls a
partner. He was, it is true, nominally a partner,
to take one eighth of the profits for doing- his duty.
