•2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
that will induce me to vote for the prolongation
of the session a single day; and if that reason is
to be urged, it is only one additional considera-
tion with me for answeiing such arguments at
once for the continuance of the session by putting
this measure out of the way.
Mr. President, it is a very important subject.
The present bill, it seems to me, as I have very
imperfectly stated before, is liable to objection.
It gives indiscriminately to rich and poor It does
not provide for the homeless and the houseless
only; it gives indiscriminately to the rich and to
the poor. The object which seems to be the prin-
cipal inducement'of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee to press this bill may possibly be ac-
complished by some modification of the measure.
Apart of this object addresses itself very strongly
to our humanity, and I hope I shall never be deaf
to that point. It may rftldress itself in some form
or shape to the true policy of the country; I do
not say that it may not, at any rate; but, in its
present form, it cannot pass. It must undergo
material modification, I think, before it can pass
the Senate; and sound discriminations must be
made that the bill does not attempt.
But there is, in the front of all these objections,
one that seems to me to be decisive. The pro-
ceeds of the public lands have formed a part of
the Treasury estimates on which we have hern
acting and making appi opriations. To give away
the public lands as proposed will altogether ex-
clude, or nearly so, that source of levenue, or at
least it will so materially diminish it that all these
calculations will have to be gone over again; and
if we intend to adjust our appropriations to our
income all must be revised and looked into. We
have not time to do that now. We have not time
to act on this subjcct and debate this bill, and if
it be adopted, to remodel our measures so as to
agree to it.
But, the manifest objection to it now is, that we
require nil the money' that can be obtained from
the public hinds and Iroin all other sources, and
in adihtiott to that we are borrowing money, is
this the time to give money out of the Treasury?
for it is the same thing to give money or to give
the subjcct which produces the money. Is this
the time when we can enter upon it? A time
could not be selected in the history of our coun-
try more inauspicious to the success of the meas-
ure. I hope we shall postpone il until January.
Mr. PUGIT. I think, considering the state of
the public business and the late hour <>t this ses-
sion, we ought to come to a decisive vole on this
bill; but we never can have a test vote in the Sen-
ate as long as tiie question is open to debate. It
the majority of the Semite be opposed to the bill,
we ought not to waste any tune m discussing it.
To bring the Senate to a vote which will be de-
cisive, 1 make a motion, for which I shall not
vote. I move that the bill lie on the table, and I j
call for the yeas and nays. [''No," " No. "j If 1
the Senate will vote on the postponement, 1 will j
not press this motion; but if there is to be debate
on the other, T shall insist upon it.
Mr. CL1NGM AN. Let us vote on the other
motion.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senate are opposed to the
bill, let them lay it on the table.
Mr.CLINGM AN. Let tin1 Senator see whether
we can have a vote on the other motion first; ami
if the debate be unreasonably continued lie can
renew his motion
Mr. PUGH. 1 withdraw it at the suggestion
of Senators.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin, Mr. Doouttlb, has paired off with the
Senator from Texas, Mr. Henderson.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall vote
for the postponement with a view to move a re-
consideration.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bigler, Brown, Clay, Clmgman,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fe^.enden, Fitzpaltick,
Green, Hamlin, Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Jve^on. John-
son of Arkansas Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, i\<.u-
lory, Mason, Peatce«Polk, Iteuh Sebastian, hhdeii, 1 Jionip-
gijii of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jei&ey, and Wright
30. ^
NAYS—Messrs Bell,Bright,Broderiek,Chandler,Doug-
las, Diufcee, Fiteli, Foot, Hale, Hatlan, Jones Kmg. Pu^li,
Rice, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Toombs, Ixuui-
buil, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the homestead bill
was postponed until January. Let the motion be
entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask whether there
is any special order now? What is the business
before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson.)
The next special order is the bill (S. No. 85) sup-
plementary to the act entitled " An act in addi-
tion to the act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and to repeal acts
therein mentioned," approved April 20, 1818.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone all spe-
cial orders for the purpose of continuing the dis-
cussion of the bill for the improvement of the
harbor of Sheboygan, and upon that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays. 1 wish to say to the
friends of these improvements that it is very cer-
tain that, if the session should not be prolonged,
this is the last day upon which there can be a j
hope of securing* the passage of these bills, and j
that, with a view to securing their passage, Ihave j
abstained altogether from saying one word in the j
debate. I hope that the same course may be j
adopted by the friends of the measures; for whether ;
we are willing it shall be so or not, probably a
vote against continuing the consideration of the
bills to-day will bo decisive of their fate.
Mr. 1IUNTER. I hope the Senate will refuse
to agree to that motion; and if they dn, I yhall
ask to lake up the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. FOOT. T rise to inquire what is the first
special order now pending before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is a joint resolution (S. No. 7) directing the
presentation of a medal to Commodore Paulding.
That comes up in connection with the reportand
resolution of the Committee on Foi eign Relations,
and the bill (S. No. 85) reported by that com-
mittee.
Mr. FOOT. Upon the several questions pre-
sented by the report of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, I desire to be hearfl, perhaps at some
length; but I am willing to consult the views of
the"Senate as to the time. I am quite prepared
to go on at the present time, or, if desired by the
Senate, I am willing it should be postponed until
to-morrow, or even the next, day, but I should
hope it would not he postponed to a veiy late day.
I will defer entirely to the wishes of the Senate
on the subject.
Mr. MASON. The report from the Committee |
on Foreign Relations, or, more properly, the bill
accompanying that report, was math1 the special
order three, months ago. I have not disturbed it
in its place on the Calendar, relying, and i thought
with some confidence, that when it was reached
on the Calendar it would be taken up. The bill is
intended more fully to provide for the preserva-
tion of the peace of the country, in our relations
with foreign countries—a matter that I consider
of very great interest, and I should be averse to
its being postponed for any proposition whatever,
unices it should be tiie determination of the Sen-
ate to pass the appropriation bills and adjourn,
which I should deprecate if it is to put this bill out
of its proper place. 1 would say to the Senator
from Vermont, therefore, he had better allow it
to remain as it is; and i hope it will not be post-
poned, but will come up in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the special orders, with a
view to continue the consideration of the harbor
bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. I-IUNTER. I give notice that if this mo-
i tion fads, I shall ask the Senate to take up the
I; appropriation bill.
!' Mr. SEWARD. I give notice, if this bill be
j: passed, that I shall move to take up all the other
ij harbor bills.
lj The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
j1 Mr. SEWARD. I ought to have stated some
|i time ago that the Senator front Pennsylvania, Mr.
|i Cameron, has been absent two days, and paired
[' off, to my knowledge, on all these questions, with
[' some Senator whose name I do not remember.
Mr. FITCH. On these river and harbor ques-
tions I have paired off with the Senator from Lou-
isiana, Mr. Benjamin.
The result was then announced—yeas 26, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen. Bell, Bigler. Brodeiick, Chandler,
Crittenden, Dixon. Dinlcoe, Fe?^cnd"n, Foot. Fo^tei, flaie,
Hamlin, Harlan, Jone-, Kennedy. Kins, Push, Seward,
Shields Simmons, Stuart, Thom-on oi Now Jersey, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—2ti.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Clay. Chngman, Davis Fitzpaf-
lick, Gieon? Hayne, Houston, Huntei. Ivow>n, Johnson of
Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Rcid, Alice, Sh-
dell, Toombs, and Wnght—20.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the Sheboygan harbor bill, and the dis-
cussion continued to a late hour. Without dis-
posing of the subject, the Senate adjourned.
[Tinadebate will be published in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 27, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PREEMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to have printed a bill and report from
the Committee on Public Lands, in relation to
preemption rights on the public lands. I desire
that they may bo printed for the information of
the House and country. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands will report the bill if they can get an
opportunity to do so.
i\lr. CLEMENS. If there is no quorum pres-
ent, I move a call of the House. I object to any
business being done until it is ascertained that
there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
The Chair counted the House, and announced
that there were one hundred and twenty-one mem*
beis present.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mi'. COBB. The gentleman does not object to
m V request?
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to that.
The bill and report were then ordered to be
printed.
BANKRUPT LAWS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to be allowed to sub-
mit a report, accompanied by a resolution, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, in reference to
the enactment of a bankrupt law, to embrace cor-
porations, that they may be laid on the table and
printed.
The lesolution was as follows:
Jlcsah-rh That theie he uotuuhi'i action upon the rec-
onnnenrt.iijon oi tin Piendeut to p i---a tun'onu Irnikntpt
law, npphoalii" to all banking m-liluttoin tijiougltout the
United State V
No objection being made, the report and reso-
lution were received, laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that, as a
member of the Committee on the Judiciary, I
concurred in the resolution reported by the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, but did not concur m
many of the reasons upon which that conclusion
was reached by the committee. I had intended
to prepare a short report to submit, but have bten
so pressed with other business that I have not
been able to do so. I will say, however, that
there is a minority report prepared by the gen-
tleman from "Virginia, [Mr. Caskic,] a member
of that committee. I ask that the minority have
leave to file their views, and that they be printed
with the majority report.
It was so ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I move that five thousand
extra copies of the majority report and lesolu-
tion, and of the views of the minority, be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rules.
FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. LANDY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill making^ appro-
priations for the completion and repair ol: fortifi-
cations, as recommended by the Secretary of War,
for the purpose of reference merely.
