1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIT
not speaking of matters in regard to which there
is any dispute or controversy. About some things
there may have been some doubt, some cavil,
some controversy; but I believe the truth of the
statement will not be disputed, that at the first
election in Kansas for members of the Territorial
Legislature, the legal voters were forcibly ex-
pelled, and illegal voters took possession of the
ballot-boxes. It is wule of my argument to say
in how many election precincts this was done. If
it was done m one, that is enough for my argu-
ment. I believe it was done in a majority of them;
but if it was done in one, all that I endeavor to
maintain is maintained by this argument. I be-
lieve the fact which 1 have stated will not be con-
troverted. These men elected a Legislature, and
they elected their own friends, as was natural.
Having got possession of the ballot-box, they
were not going to elect their antagonists. The
Legislature came together, and what did they do?
How did they carry out "perfect freedom?"
It is said now that the controversy was nar-
rowed down to the question whether they should
have domestic slavery in Kansas or not. For
the purpose of my argument I am willing to con-
cede that. How was " perfect freedom" illus-
trated on that question? The first Legislature
passed an act making it a penal offense, punish-
able by imprisonment in the penitentiary, for any
man to deny that it was right to hold slaves there.
This was a glorious chance for " perfect free-
dom" and " free discussion"—was it not ? I can
imagine an assembly of the people called together,
and they are about discussing the question of what
policy shall be inaugurated there, what policy
shall be started in their laws, and the great ques-
tion, which it is said is the only one that divides
them, is brought into consideiation, and one man
gets up and argues in favor of slavery. Ho says
that it is light; that it is a divine institution; that
it is one of those things which can be proved by
the Bible, and by the Constitution, arid by every
other book that is worth quoting. He delivers an
eloquent, able, and forcible speech demonstrating
the propriety, the expediency, the policy, and tho
righteousness of slavery. After he has sat down,
having electrified the audience and convinced their
understanding, some man on the opposite side
gets up. He says: " Mr. President, I do not be-
lieve that slavery is right." His antagonist gets
up and calls on the marshal to arrest him, and put
him in custody, for he has committed a State-
prison offense the moment he opens his mouth,
because he has denied that it is right to hold slaves
in Kansas; and that, by your authority, by the
Federal authority, is declared to be a penitentiary
offense.
This Legislature undertake to regulate the right
of suffrage there, and they make the right of suf- '
frage dependant on the taking of a test oath to I
support acts which I think—as we are now satis- |
fled a majority of the people of that Territory J
hold to be—wrong and abhorrent. But, sir, they j
cannot exercise the poor right, not of asovereign, [
but of a citizen. They cannot go to the ballot- >
box and deposit a ballot for any officer there until :
they have taken these odious test oaths. That is j
the third chapter of popular sovereignty and per- ]
feet freedom in Kansas. I think the people of j
Kansas, by their experience thus far, have be-
come convinced that they do not want any more I
pel feet freedom; but they would like a little of !
that impcrfect kind which tho people used to ]
enjoy before tho passage of this act. [
The Legislature thus imposed upon them by ,
the people of Missouri against their will, was im- i
posed by force and notby fraud. I exempt them
from that. They were no vulgar rascals that went
over there. It was a conquering army. Having ;
gone over and thus elected a Legislature, and thus j
made a code of laws which made the annuncia- j
tion of the great and eternal principles of liberty
a penitentiary offense, the government was set m ,
motion. "What was the history of that govern-
ment? One of lawless violence. Your marshal j
appointed by the President of the United States, !
summoned together what he called a posse—not!
from Kansas, but from Missouri, by his written ,
handbills sent over to Missouri—and with that j
posse goes into the city of Lawrence to execute ;
some process. After the process is executed, he j
terns over his posic—he got them together for a
very innocent purpose—to Mr. Sheriff Jones, and ■
then the law is executed by rifling the houses of I
Kansas; robbing them even of the clothing of fe-
males and children; the Lawrence hotel is sacked
and plundered, the press taken and thrown into
the river, and the town set on fire; the inhabitants
driven from their homes, houseless wanderers at
midnight, without a place to lay their heads,
and the flames of their burning dwellings literally
painting hell on the sky. These facts, just as
notorious as the sun in the heavens, were per-
petrated in Kansas, all known to you, sir; all
known to the President of the United States; all
known to tho friends of popular sovereignty and
perfect freedom here, in this body, and not a single
one of them has a word of condemnation for them.
If there is one that lisps a single syllable of
blame, he pours out twice as much condemnation
upon tho victims as he does upon the perpetrators
of this outrage.
Well, sir, we go on. This is but a specimen,
and is not the whole history. I have not time to
go over the whole of it. A second Legislature is
elected under tho operation of these test oaths,
and all these disqualifications. A second time the
farce of an election is gone over, and that Legis-
lature, that is to be elected, is about to take the
initiatory steps for forming a State constitution,
and still, up to the second election, it is a State-
prison offense to deny that it is right to hold slaves
in Kansas. A second election is had under ail
these disqualifications—a second chapter of'"per-
fect freedom," and " popular sovereignty!" That
Legislature met. They took measures for calling
a convention of the people, and, to their credit be
it said, they repealed two of the most obnoxious,
the most odious, the most indefensible of their
statutes; the one that made it a criminal offense to
deny that it was right to hold slaves in Kansas,
and the other imposing test oaths. Those, I be-
lieve, were all the alterations that were made.
They make provision according to law for taking
the sense of the people and calling a convention.
I must hurry over these particulars. The con-
vention is called. It meets m September to frame
a constitution. Was it a constitution that was to
be framed, and imposed upon the people of Kan-
sas without their consent, and against their will?
There were some factious Abolitionists and Black
Republicans that did undertake to intimate such
a thing, that this convention might form a con-
stitution embodying slavery in it; and that it
might be forced on the necks of the people by Fed-
eral power and Federal patronage without their
consent. But, sir, when that suggestion was made,
how was it met ? It was met on the part of these
gentlemen by an indignant denial. 1 had notthe
pleasuie of listening to the speech made by the
honorable Senator fiom Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
the other day, but I understand that he embodied
in his speech a written pledge, which the leading
gentlemen on that side of the question published
and signed their names to, and sent it out to the
country, denying the imputation, and pledging
themselves that the constitution they were about
to form should be submitted to a popular vote.
Under that pledge they were elected; but there
were certain preliminaries which were to be gone
through with—a census and a registry to be taken
and made in the various counties—before they
were qualified to vote The Territory of Kansas
was divided, if I am not mistaken, into thirty-four
counties; and we have the authority of Governor
Walker for saying—it has never been controvert-
ed, and the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Prcii] called upon the President for information
on that fact, which was charged by Governor
Walker, and I have never heard it denied—that
in fifteen out of those thirty-four counties, steps
were not taken by the Government by which the
people could come to the polls. The census and
legistry weie omitted. So says Governor Walker
in his letter.
Such as it was, the convention came together,
elected under a pledge of many of its members to
submit the constitution to the people. They met
in September. They took the initiative; they
appointed their committees; they laid out the work;
and then they adjourned. I am not disposed to
deny that that was proper: i suppose it was; but
there arc some astonishing and curious coinci- :
dences about this convention. They adjourned ;
to a period subsequent to the time when the pco- j
pie of Kansas wore to vote for the election of a j
Territorial Legislature, and a Delegate to this j
Congress. They adjourned to November. Th& I
election took place in October; and then, for the
first time, as the test oaths.had been repealed, th®.
people of Kansas, without distinction of parties,
went to the polls, and the result was, that your
pro-slavery Democracy found themselves in a mi-
nority of less than one third. The people spoke,
nay, they thundered at the polls; and they re-
turned, by an overwhelming majority, a free-
State Legislature and a free-State Delegate to the
Congress of the United States.
After this expression of public opinion on be-
half of the people of Kansas, in November, this
convention, which was pledged to submit their
constitution to the people, had ascertained that,
if they did submit it to the people, the people
would reject it; and, therefore, inasmuch as pop-
ular sovereignty and perfect freedom were very
good things to talk about, but very inconvenient
when you come to submit them to a practical test
at the polls, by a people that had already, pro-
nounced their opinions, it was thought that the
safest and most convenient way was to violate
their pledges, break their promises, and not sub-
mit it to the people. They did not have the
courage or manliness to do that right out, but
they adopted a subterfuge. They undertook to
adopt a mode by which the forms of a submission
should be had, while the substance was wanting.
I will read to you an extract from a newspaper,
andl think thatwill show you how it was under-
stood by the friends of slavery at that time. I
read an extract from a letter published in the
Mississippian of November 27th last, in which
the writer says:
" Tim* you see that whilst, by submitting the question in
this foiro, they are bound to have a ratification of the one
ot the other; anil that, while Jt seems to be an election be-
tween afiee Suite and pro-slaveiy constitution, Jt is , in fact,
but a question o( tho futuie hmodiietion ot'slavery that is iu
contioversy; and yet it furnishes our friends m Congress a
basis on which to Vest their vindication of the admission of
Kansas as a State, under it.into the Union, while they would
not have it sent directly from the convention.
" It is the very best proportion for making Kansas a slave
State, that was submitted for the consideration of the con-
vention."
Yes, sir, that is what they thought in the slave
States; that this convention had adopted the very
best mode that could be possibly devised for
making a slave State of Kansas, an9 I agree to his
judgment that it was; because there was no legal
way left by which a man could vote against sla-
very. He voted for " the constitution with sla-
very," or "the constitution without slavery."
But there is one remarkable fact, and I call the
attention of the Senate to it, and it may explain
the vote that was given: if they had adoptea the
constitution without slavery, it would have been
a moi"e stringent pro-slavery constitution than it
would if they had voted for the constitution with
slavery; and I will tell you why. If they had
voted for the constitution with slavery they would
have left the seventh article entire; and the seventh
article contains a provision for the future emanci-
pation of slaves. This article says, in granting
powers to the Legislature, in regard to slavery:
" They shall have power to pass laws to permit the owner
of slaves to emancipate them, savin? the rights of creditors,
and preventing them from becoming a public charge."
This seventh article, if that were voted in, gives
the Legislature a right to provide for the future
emancipation of slaves; but if that were voted out,
it left in the schedule the only provision on that
subject; and in the schedule the provision is:
" If, upon such examination of said poll-books, it shall
appear that a majority of the legal votes cast at ?aid elec-
tion bt; in favor of the 4 constitution with no slavery,' then
the aitiele providing lor slavery shall be stricken fiom this
constitution by the president of this convention, and slavery
shall no longer exist in the State of Kansas, (except that
the right of piopeitv in slaves now in this Territory shall in
no mannei be interfered with.)"
If they had voted out the slavery clause, this
provision that the right of property in slaves
j should in no manner be interfered with, was left
the permanent law. If they voted in the perma-
nent law, they voted a provision by which the
Legislature might emancipate slaves; and then
further in the schedule they havea provision that
in all future alterations of their constitution no
alteration shall be made to affect the right of prop-
erty in slaves. That was the doing of this con-
vention, and that is called by Mr. Buchanan a
submission to the people. Somehow, when I
come to speak of Buchanan, I almost involunta-
rily call him Van Buren. [Laughter.] i do not
knowwhy. There muatbo something similar in
