1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
  
March 29,
from Ohiqr.tliat not within his day, or that of the
then Dde^'aferom Minnesota, would the-Terri-
tory conta?fr'4wenty thousand inhabitants. Well,
sir, the prophecy came, I am happy to say, from
a member of the Republican party, and it was
consequently, from its political source, entitled
then to but little credence; and subsequent events
have shown that it was no exception to the usual
want of reliability upon statements from the same
source. That Territory has before it a future,
and, indeed, a present, considering; its age, of
wealth, power, and prosperity, of which any State
in the Confederacy might well be proud. It is a
future to arise not so much from its broad, fertile
prairies; not so much from its numerous lakes
and rivers, and its magnificent waterfalls, capable
of improvement to an almpst illimitable extent, as
.-from the character of its inhabitants. Gentlemen
from the northeastern States exult at the gradual
and steady relative increase of the Republican vote
in, their States. I can see a reason for this in-
crease, for th&bcst of their population is rapidly
leaving them ifid finding new homes in Minne-
sota, and other northwestern States. The pop-
ulation of that Territory is loyal to their govern-
ment, local and^national. It is a law-abiding
population, and therein contrasts remarkably wiiii
'the population which that party, the party repre-
sented by gentlemen on this floor from the north-
east, are sending for their own political purposes
into Kansas. The emigration to Minnesota is
a voluntary one. Emigrants go there to seek a
new and prosperous home. They are not sent
there by politicians for the promotion of the pros-
pects of some political or sectional party; and*
their conduct when they reach their new home is
that which v/c would expect of good citizens.
They are willing that their own prosperity and
tkat of the land of their new home shall travel
along pari passu. They are intelligent, industrious,
enterprising; and you find frheir industry, intelli-
gence, and enterprise dnected to legitimate chan-
nels of business. They do not go there as poli-
ticians, as do many to Kansas, for the promotion
of theirown political aggrandisement, or the man-
ufacture of political capital for their associates in
the States.
1 have said it was my fortune to have traversed
a considerable portion of thatTei ritory. Its south-
ern portion is, perhaps, with the exception of a
few counties, as densely populated as almost any :
prairie counties in Iowa. One can traverse one 1
week a valley or skirt agrove almost wholly un-
inhabited,and the next week he would find towns
and villages springing up in the same localities.
It was asked by the Senator from Massachusetts,
the other day, why we should assume a certain
amount of population ? Sim-ply, because we have
no other data than assumption. The same thing
was assumed in the instance of California. Wo
have assumed a certain population in Kansas.
There was no complete census in either of those
cases, as there has been none in the case of Min-
nesota.
We are compelled, if we would believe the local
representatives of the Territory, to credit Minne-
sota with some two hundred and forty-seven thou-
sand inhabitants, and that, too, was five or six
months ago. The intervening time has given op-
portunity for hundreds, if not thousands, more of
inhabitants to pour in there from the adjoining
States of Wisconsin and Iowa, and, indeed from
more remote localities; for, notwithstanding the
close of navigation, it is notorious in the case of
Minnesota, as it was in that of Wisconsin, that
a heavy overland emigration continues through
the winter. L have seen in midwinter, and in the
middle of as severe a winter as that climate knows,
hundreds of emigrants, some years since, en route
for Wisconsin, availing themselves of the very
means which would deter, perhaps, those accus-
tomed to a milder climate from traveling at all,
namely, the snow and ice, and the facilities these
gave for transporting their household gods to their
new homes. Emigration continues, and, upon the
opening of navigation, it will pour into the Ter-
ritory to an extent almost incredible to one who
lias not witnessed it.
I believe the State to be not only entitled in jus-
tice, as compared with California and other new
States we have admitted, to three Representatives,
but I believe them to be absolutely and unquali-
fiedly entitled to them by their actual amount of
population. If we refuse them that number of
Representatives, we punish them for our own sin;
for the Government failed to provide the means
of taking their census, and thus threw them upon
their own estimate in fixing their representation.
There is no pretense that the census was fully
taken. The marshal promises, it is true, to con-
tinue the censtf&,and furnish furthe&returns here-
after. He can never do so under tfie old law.
* The amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia, not now in his seat, [I^r. Toombs,!
would do the other States ample justice, if they
object to three Representatives from- Minnesota
as an undue representation in the other House,
because it would limit that representation to one
Congress. That amendment provides for a sub-.-
sequent census, a new one; and on that census
being taken, if the population of the new State
is found not to entitle it to three Representatives,
it will be perfectly contcnt with whatever a cor-
rect census does entitle it to. But, until then, if
we err at all—and I acknowledge no error in giv-
ing them three—let us err on the side of magna-
nimity ; let us err in giving them what they have
claimed,and deem their due, not in ad In ring to
the defective census resulting from our blunders
or omissions. Let us not array our ignorance of
their population against their knowledge of it.
I sincerely trust the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia will not be adopted. It will be
doing gross injustice to a people as patriotic, as
noble, and as loyal, as any people in this Govern-
ment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I undertook the other day
to explain why, m my view, the second section
about which we are talking was inserted in the
bill. I have not succeeded in obtaining the atten-
tion of many gentlemen to it; but it seems to me
that if my view of it is right, this Amendment
will alter nothing practically. The enabling act, it
will be leeollected, provided that a census should
be taken, if the convention in Minnesota con-
eluded to have a State constitution,and that they
were to be entitled to one Representative in Con-
gress, and as many more as thatcensns should
show them to be entitled to under the present rule
of apportionment. They went on to form a con-
stitution, and the Secretary of the Interior, on
being informed that they had resolved to do so,
the contingency having then happened which
made it his duty to proceed in taking the census,
i he did procccd to take it. The census had not
been wholly returned at the time the question was
before the committee. Before the census was
taken, it was provided by the nightli section, I
think, of the constitutionof Minnesota, that they
should be entitled to three Representatives in the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and they directed an election for them to be made.
Now the question arose, if an act were passed
simply admitting the State, declaring that, it had
complied with the conditions of the enabling act,
what would be Us legal effect? Would it be to
carry out the assurances and the terms of the en-
abling act, su$h as I have repeated, or would it
be, by accepting that constitution and receiving,
the State, to entitle it to the three Representatives
provided for in its constitution ? The prevailing
opinion with the members of the Committee on
Territories was, that if we simply received the
State, it would be receiving it with the three mem-
bers, and the act of admission being the last act
of legislation, would entitle them to three. That
is still my opinion. 1 have heard very few gen-
tlemen eonti ovei t that opinion m any way.
In order to cany out the assurance contained
in the enabling act, and give what was promised
to be given, and no more, the second section was
put into this-bill, by which it is provided that
they shall be entitled to one Representative, which
every State is entitled to—even Kansas if she is
admitted—and as many more as the census shall
show them to be entitled to. That is the very
language of the enabling act. Its terms are re-
peated here.
There are many propositions of amendment
before the Senate. What the order of them is I
do not know; but the first is the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia to strike out all of the
second section except the part which gives Min-
nesota one Representative. In the first place,
according to my view, that would not alter the
effect of the section at all practically, because the
second section only gives them more than one,
pr'avitleXl, by the census under the present appor-
tionment law, they are entitled to more than one.
Now, how would it be? According to the first
returns of the census, the Territory contained one
hundred and thirty-two thousand inhabitants.
Some more counties have since been returned,
making in the whole something like one hundred
and thirty-seven thousand; and then computing
for those not returned by their votes, the number
is broughtup to about one hundred and forty-nine
thousand—nearly one hundred and fifty thousand
by estimation. Tjgat being the number, the second
section only gives one Representative. It would
not give them more than one if there was a pop-
ulation of one hundred and sixty thousand, or
even one hundred and seventy thousand. It would
give it to them if the present apportionment would
entitle them to it; otherwise, it would not. Now
I think any gentleman who will examine the sub-
ject, will see that that is a thing which cannot, by
possibility, be done. The apportionment law is
based on the assumption that two hundred and
thirty-three members shall compose the House
of Representatives, and the direction was that the
Secretary of the Interior, on the census coming
in, should take the whole Representative number
and divide it by two hundred and thirty-three. In
this way you get your common numerator. .Then
he was to take the population of each State, and
divide by that numerator, and see how many
Representatives it would give to each State. It
would in every State leave afraction. When you
had given to each State what it would be entitled
to, according to that numerator,.you would have
some Representatives undisposed of. You might
have ten; you might have five; you might have
six; you might have three. Whatever number
you thus had left, in order to make up the two
hundred and thirty-three, was, of course, to be
given to those States that had the largest fractions.
There might never one be given to a State that
had a fiaction of seventy thousand. The whole
numerator was ninety-three thousand four hun-
dred and twenty. Take each State's population,
and divide it by that, and perhaps you would have
three left, perhaps five, and you would give them ''
to the five States having the largest fractions; but
you might never get down to seventy, sixty, or
fifty thousand.
Mr. PUGH. Does not that show that it is im-
possible to apply any principle derived from that
census to the case of Minnesota?
Mr. COLLAMER.. I think the Senator will
understand me by the time I am through. What
I say is this, that if any gentleman will take the
census from Minnesota and hand it to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and tell him to cipher it out
by the problem I have stated, no man on earth
would ever give anything for the fraction. I think
I have demonstrated that it would not be possible
to ascertain what fraction could give them one
member. Nothing, then, can entitle them to a
member except the whole number of the ratio.
They are entitled to one member at any rate. If
they have sufficient population to entitle them to
two members, according to the last apportionment,
they will get two by the second section; if they
have enough to entitle them to three, they would
get three; but a fraction never can give them any.
Unless I am exceedingly muddy about it, I think
that if any gentleman has listened to my expla-
nation, he will see that it is utterly impossible,
taking this census, to give them more than one
member. It cannot be done under the terms of
the enabling act and the second section of this bill.
I say, therefore, striking out the portion of the
section nowproposed to be stricken out, will make
no practical difference whatever. They will have
one, and no more than one, member, if the section
be passed as it is, or if the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Virginia be agreed to.
Now, sir, my idea is that it would be better to
keep the section in its present form, because the
census is not yet fully completed, and I am will-
ing to let them have two members, if that census,
when completed, shall show them to have suffi-
cient population for two members. There is,
however, nothing of that kind really expected. I
have another reason for preferring to retain the
section m its present form, because there is asort
of implied faith in the enabling act.' I vote for
retaining these words in the section, not because
I think they produce any practical effect, but be-
cause, as I view it, the enabling act contained a
plighted faith on our part> and this is a refeuact-
