318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
their characters. "When you come to speak of it
as Mr. Buchanan does, it seems to me that you
cannot by any possibility vindicate it at all.
Out i wish to speak of this provision in the
constitution that no amendment shall be made in
reference to slaves. I know we are living in a day
of new lights. New doctrines are constantly pro-
pounded, and some rampant Democrats of the
no w -light order laugh at such a constitutional pro-
vision as that. They say, no matter if it be in
there; itis idle; a majority of the people can come
together and alter the constitution just as they
please, or form a new one notwithstanding1 that
provision. I am noticing to controvert that doc-
trine; but I will say that the State which I have
the honor in part to represent used to be consid- j
ered tolerably good Democratic authority; and in !
our Slate we have never believed, and have never
acted upon the belief, that a mere majority could
come together and amend our Statu constitution;
because our fathers inserted in the old constitu-
tion a provision that it should require a vote of
two thirds to amend it. The doctrine that a mere
majority can alter the constitution, never found
favor there. We had, a few years ago, a con-
vention called to revise our constitution, and the
late President of the United States presided overit.
They submitted a great many amendments, and
the people voted on them and rejected them all. |
They then met together again and submitted two i
specific amendments. The people carne together,
and by a two thirds vote agreed to adopt one of
those amendments; and thereupon it was adopted,
and is part of our constitution. As to the other
provision, the people voted by an immense ma-
jority, lacking a few hundred only of two thirds,
to adopt the amendment; but it was not adopted,
and forms no part of the constitution. So, sir,
Democratic as we have been, we have never held
in our State, and never believed, and we have
never had a man there who contended, that a mere
democracy of numbers could uproot and over-
turn and eradicate and destroy the fundamental
principle of our constitution.
Let me call your attention to another illustra-
tion. We have a provision in the Constitution
of the United States, by which an equal vote is
secured on this floor to every State. Delaware,
with her ninety thousand people, and New Hanip-
shitc, with her three hundred thousand, stand
here voting equally with New York, with her
three millions, and with Ohio and Pennsylvania,
with their two millions each. Itmay be thatthose
little Slates do not send such able men as those
great ones. All the preponderance which Penn-
sylvania or New Yoilc can claim on account of
the preeminent talent of the gentlemen whom they
f.end to represent them, they are entitled to; but
when we come to the sober matter of voting, our
little States, with our handful of men, stand equal
with the great Empire State of the Union; and
our fathers, in their wisdom, or their folly—I do
not know what modern Democracy will call it—
have provided that, in that feature, the Constitu-
tion never shall be amended. Nov/, sir, 1 put it
to you, 1 ask you if a mere democracy of num-
bers came together, in these United States, and
undertook to make a now constitution, and to
strike out that great radical, fundamental princi-
ple, securing the equality of the States on this
floor, if this Union would survive that act a day ?
No, sir; not a day. This Federal Congress never
will assemble after that amendment to the Con-
stitution shall be made. Do not talk to me about
what numbers can do. There are some things
numbers can do, and some things they cannotdo.
They cannot amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in that behalf in which its framcrs said
it should never be amended. Our fathers thought
the equality of States on this floor was the great
fundamental principle on which the Constitution
should rest, and therefore they have said that, in
that respect, it shall never be amended. The
framers of the Lecompton constitution, in their
wisdom, have thought that slavery is the great
corner-stone on which they can best erect an edi-
fice of republican government, and they have said j
that, in that respect, it shall never be alteied and i
never be amended. Now, sn, if a mere democ- j
racy of numbeis may come together and blot out ]
that feature of this State constitution, I stand here '
in behalf of one of the smallest States of the
Union, and I ask you what security, what guar-
antee have wo that that same mad spirit, miscalled
reform, will notundertake to strike down also this
great fundamental principle of the Federal Con-
stitution? I profess to be a good deal of a Dem-
ocrat myself, and I am willing to carry out the
Democratic principle as far as anybody; but I
believe that even democracy itself, sometimes, on
extraordinary occasions, requires a little check.
The fathers of the Federal Constitution thought
so. They thought equality of States was the great
vital point which the hand of amendment should
not touch. The framers of the Lecompton con-
stitution thought that tlmir great fundamental cor-
ner-stone was slavery, and they said thatitshould
not be touched. With this I leave that point.
Now, sir, what had the people of Kansas—sent
into the wilderness to build themselves new homes,
to subdue the forest, to carry the arts of civiliza-
tion, of science, of learning and religion, and found
and build there a new empire, under the guarantee
of perfect freedom—a light to expect5 Had they
not a right to expect that when a constitution was
formed they were to be heard upon it? Had they
not a right to expect it, when Undelegates whom
they elected had pledged themselves that they
should have it; when the President had sent out
his Governor with instructions that they should
have it; and when, as the l5iesident of the United
States says, he and all his friends were pledged to
it? I will read from his message:
'•The act of the Teir.tonal Lc ;&!<iturc had omitted to
piovidc tor submitting to the people tnc concutntion which
nmjtit be trained by the convention ; and, in the excited state
or public loeiiiiii thiou^hout Kansas, an appiehension ex-
tensively picvailed that a design exited lo ioice upon them
a constitution m relation to blaveiy against then will, in
thwemetgcncy it became my duty, as it was my unquestion-
able I ijiht—having m view the union of all good citizen1* in
buppoi t of the territorial laws—to cxpi ess an opinion on the
tine construction of the provisions concornmij slavery con-
tained in the organie act of Congress of the 30th May, 185-i.
Congress declared it to be k the true intent and meaning of
this act not to logu-lato riavcry into any Temrory or State,
nor to cxelude it thcrcfiom; but to leave the people thereof
perfectly li cc to lot m and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way.' Unilei n, Kansas,' when admitted as a
Stale,' was to k be received into the Union, with or without
td.iv<'iy,as then constitution may pie&enby at the tune of
their admission.'
Did Uontjiu-ss mean by this language that the delegates
electccl to name a constitution should have atuhoniy finally
to decide the question of si,may; or did they intend, by
leaving it to the people, that the people, of Kansas tbem-
t-olvcf' should decide thi<> question by a dnect vote 5 On this
subject, I con less I had never entei tamed a venous, doubt; !
and, theiefoie. in my instructions to Governor Walker, of (
tlie'JS.ho! 'I.m'i ln>r, I meiely paid that when c .i con-.lt ;
tut inn ^iinlj I).--ub'isirted torhc people of thoTeintoiy, they
mu:4 be protected in the exeicise ot their light ot voting lor j
oi agaiu-t that ins'.iumfat, and the lan expic^ion of the |
popular will marmot be inteiruptcd by fraud oi violence.' "
I will not read much longer, but I wish to read
this extract:
<£ The friend* and supporters of the Nebraska and Kansas
act, when strusgliug on a recent occasion tOMUstam it* wihC
piovisions betbie the great tribunal of the Amcneau people,
never differed about us true meaning on tins subieet. Every
whcie throughout the Union, they pubhelv pledged their
faith and their honor that they would chcerfuliy submit the ;
question of slaveiy to the decision ot the honci fuio people of ,
Kansas, without any ieduction oi qualification whatever" i
Then the President, after this avowal, goes on
to say that that has been faiily done. Sir, it would
be insulting to the intelligence of the Senate and
of the country, to argue the question whether it t
has been faiily done, any longer. Tins omission 1
to submit the constitution to the people of Kansas !
is not accidental. I am sorry to find, as 1 have j
found out this session, that the omission to put it ;
in the original bill was not accidental. We have
a little light on this subject from a gentleman who
always sheds light when he speaks to the Senate—
1 mean the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, '
[Mr. IjIgler.] He says that this was not ncci- '
dental, by any means. He has spoken once or !
twicc about a meeting that was held in the private ;
parlor of a private gentleman. There was a good ;
deal of inquiry nnd anxiety to know what sort of i
a meeting that was. The gentleman who owns :
the house, said he did not know anything about 1
it. That is notstrange. The hospitable man let ,
his guests have the use of any room they please, i
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania said j
this meeting was " semi-official." Idonotknow |
what kind of a meeting that was. I have heard ;
of a semi-barbarous, a semi-civilized, and a semi- j
savage people; I have heard of a semi-annual, and :
semi-weekly; but when you come to semi-official, !
I declare it bothers me. [Laughter.] What sort !
of a meeting was it? Was it an official meeting?
No. Was it an unofficial meeting? No. What
was it? Semi-official* [Laughter.]
I have never met anything analogous to it but
once in my life, and that I will mention by way
of illustration. A trader in my town, before the
day of railroads, had taken a large bank bill, and
he was a little doubtful whether it was genuine
or not. He concluded to give it to the stage-
driver, and send it down to the bank to inquire
of the cashier whether it was a genuine bill. The
driver took it, and promised to attend to it. He
went down the first day, but he had so many
other errands that he forgot it, and he said he
would certainly attend to it the next day. The
next day he forgot it, and the third day he forgot
it; but he said, to-morrow I will do it if I do noth-
ing else; I will ascertain whether the bill is gen-
uine or not. He went the fourth day, with a like
result—he forgot it; and when he came home he
saw the nervous, anxious Uader, wanting to know
whether it was genuine or not; and he was
ashamed to tell him he had forgotten it, and he
thought ho would lie it through. Said the trader
to him, "Did you call at the bank ?" "Yes."
"Did the cashier say it was a genuine bill?"
" No, he did not." " Did he say it was a bad
one?" "No." "Well, what did he say?"
" Pic said it was about middling—semi-genuine."
[Laughter.] I have never learned to this day
whether that was a good or a bad bill. [Laugh-
ter.] They used to say, in General Jackson's
time, that he had a kitchen cabinet as well as a
regular one. This could not be a meeting of
the kitchen cabinet, because it sat in a parlor.
[Laughter.] It was semi-official in its character
also.
Again, sir, there is another thing remarkable
about this meeting. The Senator says: " It waa
semi-official and called"—it was a called meeting;
it was not a mere accidental gathering of a few
gentlemen coming in to pay their respects to the
distinguished Senator in his hospitable mansion;
it was "semi-official and called." For what?
" Called to promote the public good." Yes, sir;
ascmi-official meeting called to promote the public
good; and what did it do ? The honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania says:
" My recollection wa- clear that I left the conference
ji undei the impression that it jiad been deemed best to adopt
l: incisures to admit Kansas as a State through the agency of
'j one popular election, and that for delegates to the conven-
V tion. Tin* impic<sion wa?tlie stiongei, because I thought
j i the jpnir of the bill infringed upon the doctunc of non-m-
;i tcrvcntion. to which I had gic.U avet&ion ; but with the hope
, i of accomplishing a gioat good"—
The meeting was called for the "publicgood"—
j '-and as no movement had been made in that direction
, m the Teuitoiy, I waived this objection, and concluded to
l' support the measure. I have a tew items of testimony as
to the coiicctnossof these impressions, and with their sub-
mibi-ion I shall be content."
Then he goes on to say:
" 1 have befoio me the bill lepoited bv the Senator from
Illinois, on the "Hhoi'Maieh, 18.V>. piovtrlirig for the admis-
sion of Kansas as a sJtate; the thud section of which reads
as loJlows:
t-' That the following propositions be, and th^ same are
heieliy. oiieied to the eaul convention of the people of Kan-
sas, when foinied, for then tree acceptance oi iejection;
which, if accepted by the convention, and ratified by the
people at the election tor tiio adopt'on'of the constitution,
shall ho obligatory upon the United States and the said State
of Katif-as '
u The bill read in place by the Senator fiom Geoifria on
tile 2, th of June, and referred to the Committee on Toiti-
toues, contained the same section, woul lor woid. Both
the*e bills were under consideration at. the conference re-
feitcd to —
Two bills under consideration at this semi-offi-
cial meeting!
—<v but, Kir, when the Senator from Tllinote reported the
Toombs b'll to the Senate, with amendments, the next
moimna: it did not contain that portion of the third section
which indicated to the convention that the constitution
should be apptoved by the people.''
The result of this semi-official meeting, called
for the public good, was, that the bills came into
the Senate the next morning minus the clause sub-
mitting the constitution to the people. It was
stricken out; but the honorable Senator docs not
impugn anybody, nor his motives, because he
says:
{- Who struck the words out, or for what pin pose thev
were omitted, is not for me to answer."
If itis not for him, itis not for me; but I thought
he had given a clew to the reason why they were
struck out when he said the meeting was called
for the public good. Undoubtedly they were
struck out for the public good. Who struck them
out seems to be a mooted question as uncertain of
an answer as that old question, "Who killed
