1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2429
been excluded by operation of law in consequence
of the admission of the State of Minnesota; and
I submit that it is not in order to offer a resolu-
tion which contains a clause that the Territory
shall not have a Delegate upon this floor until the
resolution is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is perfectly competent for a res-
olution to be introduced referring to the Commit-
tee of Elections the question whether any person
is entitled to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. HUGHES. But this resolution contains
a clause that no person shall have a seat upon this
floor until the resolution is disposed of.
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered to be put; and under the j
operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now ask that the
papers presented on behalf of Mr. Fuller may take
the same reference.
It was so ordered.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. "VVINSLOW. 1 desire to know whether,
under the 137th rule of the House, a motion to sus-
pend the rules would not now be in oider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the [louse to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on the Library. It is a very impoitant one.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Am I not entitled
to the floor? It was taken from me by a privi-
leged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor if he claims it.
Mr. WINSLO W. How does he get it ?
The SPEAKER. The floor was taken from
the gentleman by the gentleman from Ohio, who
rose to a privileged question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will yield to the
gentleman a moment. My object was to retain
the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor, unless he yields it absolutely.
Mr. WINSLO W. I presume the chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee can get the floor
whenever he desires it, and I appeal to him to
yield to me to report a very important bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOxMES. I yield the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I will waive my objection.
Mr. WINSLOW then, by unanimous consent,
reported, from the Committee on the Library, a
bill to provide for keeping and distributing the
public documents; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill was then read in extento.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that bill had better be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is too important a bill to
be passed without consideration.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think I can satisfy the
House by a vety few remarks in regard to the
details of this bill".
Mr. KELSEY. It is also suggested that the
bill contains an appropriation.
Mr. WINSLOW. The bill contains no appro-
priation. It simply transfers a loan already made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to explain the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Not now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move, then, that the bill
be recommitted to the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OUTRAGES ON THE AMERICAN FLAG, ETC.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask leave to bring in,
by unanimous con.sent, a bill, which I shall send
to the Clerk's desk, and winch I intend to ask,
if leave is granted, .shall be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I ask that
it may now be read for information.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CLAY. I ask that it may be reported.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
<{ A bill to restrain and redress outrages upon
the flag and citizens of the United States."
Mr. GARNETT. I object.
Mr. CLAY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
to-day.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee of Ways and Means, the Senate
amendment to the consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I object; and I hope no gen-
tleman will ask me to withdraw my objection.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, whether my friend from Geor-
gia objects or not. L|
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I move that th*
House proceed to the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania must be first put.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I wish to state to the
House that I will submit my motion if the other
is voted down.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before my motion
is put, I desire to say that the Post Office bill has
been under consideration for some time, and I
move to terminate debate thereon in five minutes
after the committee shall again resume its consid-
eration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose there will be no
objection to bring that bill into the House, to act
upon it here. I think it was read through in com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill has been road through by paragraphs in
Committee of the Whole. It is proposed by the
gentleman from Alabama that, by unanimous con-
sent, the Committee of the Whole be discharged
fiom its further consideration; and that the bill
be reported to the House with a view to Us being
put upon its passage.
Mr. SEWARD! i object.
The resolution to close debate upon the bill in
five minutes was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now insist on
my motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved lUelf into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (?vlr. Houston
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The bill has been
read through for amendments. I move that it be
laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to know if the bill is
now subject to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has been read
through, and there is no amendment pending.
The bill, however, is open to amendment by ad-
ditions.
Mr. BLAIR.. I move, then, to amend by add-
ind a proviso to the first section.
The CHAIRMAN. The first section is not
open to amendment. The bill having been read
through, it is not m order to go back.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I offer the following as a
proviso, to come in at the end of the bill:
ProvidedJuHceccfi That the act of Congress, approved
Maieli 3, ls.VJ, making appioptiauotis for the t-ei vice of tlie
Po>i Otliee Department lor the ye.u ond'iig Juii'i 30,
and which aiithoii/o-j the Po-trmi-terGeneial "to eontiact
lor the conveyance of the euti' e letter mail from such points
oh the river a-« the eontiactors may select, to
Han Fianti-eo," be f-o con-trued a-, to allow :-aid contract-
ors to ca.ry^aid mail by such routes as thov may select,
anything to the contiarv in the contract made by the Po<-t-
ma>ter Geneial with John fiuueirield and oiheis, ou the
UUh day of September, .1657, notwithstanding
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I make the point
of order that that is legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not m order; it proposes legislation.
Mr. CLAIR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairrules the amend-
ment out of order because it proposes legislation
in the construction of a previously enacted law.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to state the grounds of
my appeal, without arguing it. The amendment
relates to a law now in cxistcncc, which this Con-
gress has a right to construe, and the proviso
limits the appropriation and construes the law in
its obvious sense.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must object to debate.
I have no objection to anything else. The gen-
tleman has a right to state his point of order, but
not to debate it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
At this point the committee rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair a mes-
sage was received from the Senate by Mr. Dick-
ins, its Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate insisted on its amendments disagreed to by
the House to the legislative, executive, and judi-
dicial appropriation bill, and asked for a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House for the relief of B. W. Palmer and others,
with an amendment; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that a committee of
conference may be ordered on the bill that has
just come back.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will not object, unless he wants to remain
here a month or two longer.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not care how long I stay
hero; but I do not see why we should legislate
exclusively for the Departments.
Mr. LETCHER. There are other interests
than that in the bill.
The committee then resumed its session.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BLAIR. I have appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair because this proviso limits the
appropriation and construes a law passed by the
last Congress, and gives ita construction accord-
ing to its obvious sense and intention. I hold that
it is therefore in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order because it gives a con-
struction to an existing law different from the con-
struction given to it, as the Chair understands,
by the Department that has power to construe It;
and that being the case, thi Chair decides that it
is equivalent to the enactment of a new lav/.
The question was taken on the appeal; and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SEWARD. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
JJnd be\t further enacted. That no part of the money ap-
propriated by the pieceding section of this act Miall be Used
until the e.\pendituie!j of the Goveimnenr hill within the
leceipts of l evenue collected under the piesent tanif act.
Mr. ENGLISH. I submit that that amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes that
the amendment is liable to the same objection
which was presented to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and I will state my rea-
sons.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right
to state his point of order.
Mr. SEWARD. Theie is no law now in ex-
istence providing for this deficiency of $3,500,000
in the Post Office appropilations, provided for in
this bill; and, if the appropriation is made, I desire
to put a limitation upon it, that the money shall
not be used until a sufficient amount of money
is collected under your tariff system to pay the
expenses of the Government.
Mr. BISHOP. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, 1 will only say that
the amendment changes no law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairrules the amend-
ment out of oider, because he believes it changes
existing laws.
Mr. "COLFAX. I tried last evening to get
the floor, for the purpose of making a motion
which I now make. I now move to strike out,
in the second section, " $3,500,000," and insert
  A] ,500,000."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. You cannot go
back. The committee lias passed that section.
Mr. COLFAX. I have been trying to get the
floor to introduce this amendment since the sec-
tion was first read, and I cannot be ruled out in
this way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, upon reflec-
tion. thinks that as the section is composed of
