1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
ment of that assurance. If the census gives them
more than one, let them have more, though I
think it cannot give it by possibility. I prefer to
keep the section as it is; I would not break faith
either in words or in hope. I would keep my
very words; and, therefore, this section was in-
serted in the words of the enabling act. 1 would
preserve it in those woids, so that there could
be no foundation for the complaint that we had
changed our position in relation to it.
But other propositions have been made which
are a great deal talked about—one by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and one by the Sen-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] Those propo-
sitions, if I understand them, are, in some way
or other, to strike out this section and allow three _
members according to the constitution of Min-
nesota, or to insert a provision directly allowing
three Representatives. That comes to the very
point: ou^ht we to give them three Ilepresenta- j
tives? 1 can see no foundation for it at all. I do 1
not find fault with gentlemen who, having private ;
information of their own, govern themselves by
that information; but when they call on the Sen- 1
ate to act upon it, it seems to me to be entirely a
different affair; we are left entirely to conjecture,
mere conjecture, mere guess-work. Gentlemen
say that the census returns are imperfect. What
evidence is there of that? The letter of the mar- j
shal has been read, and it contains nothing but an
excuse for the time that has been taken and the
delay that has happened. He does not intimate
that the returns, as far as they tire made, are not
right, that the ccmsus is not perfect enough, as
far as it goes, for those counties where it was
tak^n.
Mr. POLK. Does he not say that no census
was taken in a reg'on of country covering thirty-
two thousand square miles?
Mr. COLLAM KR. As has already been shown,
we have returns from all the counties but four.
When the first returns were made, there were ■
seven or nine counties not heard from. That was
when the returns showed one hundred and thii ty-
two thousand. Since then, returns havecome m
from some other counties, so that there are only
a few left. My answer to the Senator from Mis-
souri, then, is, that if you take the vntv of the
counties not returned, i do not care how many
thousand or million square miles they may cover,
and estimate the people by the votes, you will spy
that they only contain a few thousand to be added
to the number returned, and do not make iteome
up to one hundred and fifty thousand then. Now,
in Kansas, when a gr^at complaint was made
about an imperfect census, we were told that it
was authentic and fair, and we must abide by it,
and we were made to abide by it; hut when you 1
come to the case of Minnesota why is a different
rule insisted upon ' Gentlemen tlmik that instead
of taking the census they can find some safer guide
of duty, some surer path to truth; and wheie does ,
it he? One says, fake the number of votes re-
turned and multiply it by six. Nothmgcould bo
more cut tain than this. In the first place, gentle-
men who know anything about the election in
Minnesota, know perfectly well that each psrty
charged the other with importing and manufac- 1
turing great numbers of voters. In regard to one
county, (Tod county.) where we have actual
census returns, and no proof but that they have
been fairly made, it is suggested that the gentle-
man who was appointed to take the census of that
county did not hve there, but kept a store neai it,
and the Senator from Missouri presumes that lie
?.'>ok the people who came to his store. That is
an entire presumption. To take the vote at the
election in Minnesota returned in the manner it
.was, and with all the complaints that we know
have been made about it, as a better guide of duty
than the census for all the counties for which it is
completed and returned, seems to me to be a very
strange and a very extraordinary proceeding.
Yv7hat ground have you for taking the number ■
of votes, and multiplying it by six? Why you
should not multiply it by twenty, instead of eix,
T Jo not know. Why not multiply itby three, or ,
four, or five > Certain if is that m any new coun- i
try the proportion of voters to the population is ;
much larger than m an old one; and I know that j
m the older States with which lam acquainted j
we never can get out votes more than one to five, 11
We never can' get anything near that in the State I
to which I belong.
Mr. PL'OH. The ordinary estimate, as I have
always understood, is one to seven.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know but that
v/iil do for Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. It will do for Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. Our elections do not show
it. In the State of New Hampshire the propor-
tion was one to four and a half in the last election.
The idea of there being six people in Minnesota
to every voter, strikes me as entirely unfounded.
The great difficulty is, that you assume as abasis
a vote very much questioned by both parties,
even supposing the propoition to be good; but
that is based entirely upon conjecture. You take
one conjecture and multiply it by another conjec
ture, and you think this is the way to produce a
gjeat decree of certainty. It is almost, equal to
the way in which a man once weighed hogs in a
new country. Being without steelyards, he put
a lar<?e stone on one end of the slab, to balance
the hogs at the other, and then he guessed at the
weight of the stone. [Laughter.] That is the
way in which he got at certainty. So it is here.
We are to throw aside the census, and take a con-
jecture, and then multiply one conjecture by an-
other, and .so get certainty. That hardly contains
elements of certainty enough for a proposition in
algebra, where we deal with unceitam quantities.
This is putting too much uncertainty on a matter
of this kind. The census returns have been le-
eeived for nearly all the counties in the Ten story;
and these is no proof here that those returns were
not fairly taken. Estimating the few comities
that remain on the most liberal oasis, you cannot
!>i 111g the population of Minnesota above one hun-
dred and fifty thousand. Corning, as I do, from
a Stite which, containing more than thtec bun-
died and twenty thousand people, hasonly three
Ri-pi psefUatives in the other House, I e.ammt con-
sent that you shall allow three Representatives to
another people having less than half that number,
according to the returns.
Rut, sir, the immediate question before us is
the amendment of the Senator fi om Virginia; and
upon that I have said all that] wish to say—that
irs practical effect will amount to nothing at all.
it will still leave the ultimate result the same as
if we retain this section m conformity with the
enabling act.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not exactly a^ree with
th'1 Senator from Yermoui or the Senatorfiom
Virginia. Gentlemen all seem to think that it is
fair to gi,Tp this State prof'suly the same number
of Repi^sentatm s that the old States having an
equal population have had under the existm;: ap-
portionment. 1 think that if this section, as it is
now m the bill, does not accomplish this objppt,
a slight amendment wil1 enable K to do so. The
amendment, I would suggest, would be that Min-
nesota shall have die same numner of members
as were epnoitioned to the o!d States m the last
appoitionment bill ueeoidm^ to numbers.
Mr. COLL VMKR. That is the f-eeuon.
Mr. SIM MONS. Then I know that if they have
one bundled ami fifty thousand people thryaie
entitled to two members; tor with about that num-
ber Rhode island tiot two members under the last
census. As I understand the apportionment law,
the ratio is calculated so as to give two hundred
and thirty-three members m all, if there were no
fractions; and when you come to apportion the
members accord ins: to the fractions you begin with
the Slate having the laigest fraction, and you go
down as long as there is any deficiency and sup-
ply the number of members. You might £0 down
so that a fraction of thirty thousand would entitle
•i State to a member if that was the largest frac-
tion that was left before you absorbed the over-
plus members. Vv'hat I want to do, and what
I think is fur, is to provide that this State shall
be entitled to as many members as any old State
with the least fraction for which a member was ;
given. As to the idea of fixing three members ar- '
bitranly, 1 think you mi^ht as well say fourteen. '
There is no reason, no justice, no propriety, in >
giving them three members unless they are enti-
tled to three If they are. entitled to three, I would
allow th^m that number; but to assume that a ,
State which accordmgtu its census, estimating the
counties not heard from, can only show at most
one hundred and fifty thousand people, shall nave
three members and allow them three now, and ,
then to go on next year or the year after and take |
the census to see if they cannot make out suffi-
cient for that number, is wrong in principle, is
unjust to the old States, and I thiifk "is a pretty
hard infraction of the Constitution itself. I should
like to see the clause so amended that this State
shall be put on an equality with the most favored
States, and have two members, provided its frac-
tion is as large as that of any of the old States
that has a member for a fraction. With that modi-
fication I am certain she would get all she is en-
titled to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The disposition seems
very general to deal liberally with Minnesota I
participate in that feeling, and am disposed to deal
iiberally with her; but there is a right and a wrong
to this question, and it seems to me that there is
no difficulty in determining where the right lies,
and where the wrong exists. This State is in an
anomalous condition at best. She started out, as we
are all aware, by holding two conventions to form
a constitution. After getting over that difficulty,
;j she has for the last four months had a State Le-
gislature in session, elected under this constitu-
ij tion. They have been passing laws for the last
■! four months, and those laws have been approved
jj by a territorial Governor—a very singular state
I of things—part State and part Territory; the Le-
j< gislature aStateLegislature,elected underaState
i' constitution; and the Governor approving the
i laws a tenitoriu! Governor appointed by the
■' President of the United States*. This is a very
; strange state of things.
| Mr. POLK. The gentlemen will allow me to
ask who is the territorial Governor that is ap-
' pioving laws5
: Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Chase, I believe is
. his name. Secretary of the Territory and acting
Governor in the absence of the Governor. I may
! not be corr-'U m regard to the name, but that is
, my recollec'ion.
'< Mr. POLK. The actual Governor is not there.
;! Mr. TRUAiaULL. Mr. Medary w notthere;
'! but die law provides, in regard to all Territories
that, in th«  absence of the Governor, the Secie-
i' tary shall perform his duties, and be Governor ex
'j officio for the time being. That is the condition
i: of things there. I do not propose to interfere with
■i that state of things. I do not know that there is
any gioat trouble gt owing out of it in Minnesota,
!j though I apprehend that there may be future dif-
j cuities arising from this anomalous condition of
!! affairs. It certainly is an irregularity, and shows
jj that tiie legislation of Congress, m regard to the
; Territories, ha*? not been what it ought to be; and
:i never, until Congress assumes its pioper control
; over the Teiruones of the United States, and treats
i them as Ten itones subject to the laws of Con-
givxs, will you have anything but disorder and
confusion m the Territories ot the United States.
1 TIip idea that a Terntury can be an independent
'■ government and possess sovereign power, and
that there is any such thing as territorial sover-
'' ei^nty, independent of the action of Congress, is
1 utterly inconsistent with the government of Con-
1 ^tpns over the Territories, and will breed confu-
■. ston so lon;r as it is adhered to. I hope all future
■ enabling acts wdl provide that the Territories
'j shall not assume to act as States until Congress
■ ' has admitted them. Congress has authority to
'j admit new States, but it has a discretion on the
| subject; and until a State is admitted itis nothing
but'a Terntof y, and has no right to assume to act
J asaState. Alfthis legislation in Minnesota, under
authority partly State and partly temtorial, I ap-
! prebend would" be held to be a nullity before any
' court in Christendom.
'! But, sir, I d^ not rise to speak in regard to that
; matter. The question now is as to how many
Representatives in Congress the State of Minne-
sota shall be entitled to. There ought to be no
' difficulty about that. It is pioposed here by some
j; that she shall have three. What is the rule by
i which you determine the representation in Con-
; gress from anvStaie in this Union ' You deteim-
I ine it according to population. That is the con-
; stitutional mode of doing it. You take a census
. every ten years for the purpose of determining
it. Here is a new State coming into the Union
between two decennial periods, and in order to
■ determine her representation, a census is directed
to be taken of her population. I am in favor of
■ basing her representation uaon her census. It is
. the constitutional mode, to begin with; it is the
■ legal mode; the mode provided by Congress.
Butwe are told we should depart from that, and
