2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
I
a single paragraph, it may be ill order to amend
it.
Mr. COLFAX. I move, then, that the appro-
priation 111 the second section, to supply defi-
ciences in the Post Office revenue, be reduced from
§3,500,000 to p,500,000.
I know gentlemen will tell me that this is not a
sufficient amount. I know it is not sufficient; but
at the close of there remarks I shall make an ad-
ditional motion, which -will directly increase the
revenues of the Post Office Department. I should
have made it now, but I thought it would be ruled
out of order, as nearly all my motions looking to
retrenchment and reform have been.
Now, sir, my proposition is to abolish the
franking privilege, and I hope the House will sus-
tain me in the motion. It is not only an ex-
pensive burden upon the mails, but it is a great
burden upon the members themselves. I know I
shall be told that this is all for Buncombe; but I
ask members if what I have said is not correct?
as long as it exists members are expected to an-
swer almost innumerable letters, many of them
written because they are free of postage, until it
is almost necessary for a member to employ a
secretary to transact this description of business.
Now, sir, if you will abolish the franking privi-
lege, as the British Government has done, I think
the postages will defi ay, or very nearly defray,
the expenses of the Post Olfice Department. But
while it exists, and while the people expect us to
send tlieni public documents, speeches, seeds,
we shall all exercise our rights under the law,
of course.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Lktcher]
yesterday proposed his plan for the purpose of
supplying the deficiencies which have arisen in
the Post Office Department, which was to increase
the rates of postage on letters to five cerils instead
of three. Now, I prefer, instead of increasing
taxes on the people, to try another sort of reform,
. by making all mail mutter pay pontage, and see
if that will not replenish the exhausted coffers of
the Post Office Department. You may, if you
think proper, provide that public documents shall
go through the mails free of postage. Let this
be done upon their being stamped by the Depart-
ments by which they were issued, and it will not
interfere with the piincij le. And now, having
explained the reasons for my course, 1 move still
further to amend by adding at the end of my
amendment the folio win.';-, which I think is clemly
in order, if anything intended to make our re-
ceipts equal to our expenditures is in order here:
Ami Hint, in ill.I 111 renil"i ur( liie if vernier ol'the Dcpait-
rnciil MiNn'ieel to ineel llie ajifiinpimuous ol tins ael, tlio
liaulvilif; privilege i- iiefeliy almlMled.
Mr. WASUBITIIXE, of Illinois. 1 am op-
posed to the amendment of the ^eiitlenian from
Indiana, and I hope the vote will lie taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to rule the amendment,as now offered, out
of order. The Chair thinks that a proposition to
abolish the franking privilege is a change of ex-
isting law, and not ill order to an appropriation
bill.'
Mr. B1IAW, of North Carolina. I move to
add the following at the end of the section:
I'rovuh'd. That an part ot the appi-opuauoii contained
in hnc nineteen s-lrmlt lie applied in ) ,\j itiWit loi
foi mail pu>pc bUis in moie than one po.[H'i m the city ot
Washington.
Mr, ENGLISH. I think I should be ill favor
of the proposition of my friend, if it iy in order;
bat it is i!) violation of existing law, and there-
fore out of order. 1 submit the question of ouler.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment provides for changing the existing
law, and he will be compelled to rule it out of
order.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the amendment will
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDIE. I object.
There being- no further amendments proposed j
to the bill, it was laid aside to be reported to the j
House, with the recommendation that it do pass. ,
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLA.NCY JOXS8. I move to take up j
the bill of the House (No. making' appropn- j
ations for the support of the Army for the year j
ending the 30th of June, 1859. j
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was j
taken up for consideration. I
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, by
unanimous consent, the first reading of the bill
was dispensed with, and the reading by clauses,
for amendment, commenced.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I wish to state my
reasons for opposing1 this bill, and also the bill
authorizing a loan of $15,000,000. It is with some
reluctance that I trespass upon the time of the
House at this period of its session; and I will
make my remarks as brief as possible. I do not
tonow that any other opportunity will occur, and
I shall therefore embrace the present.
|( On the fiist day of July last there was a sur-
plus of $17,'710,114in the Treasury. This surplus
has been reduced to the shadow of a shade. The
Secretary of the Treasury in December last, in a
message calling for an issue of $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes, told us that in all probability but
a small part, if any, of the amount would be
needed at an early clay; yet, now, we have an-
other message fiom that same officer, in which
he tells us that—
"The #<>0,COO,000 loan of Treasury note4!, authorized by
the act oi December £3, lW57,\vill bo exhausted m supply-
ing the deficiencies m the Tiea-ury foi the piesent hscal
year.
Wc shall commence the ne.U fiscal year dependent en-
tirelv upon the cut rent lteeipu into the Tiea&uiy t"< meet
all demand* nom it."
So, for the first year of this Administration, we
have, in addition to the current revenue, an old
balance of $17,000,000, and $20,000,000of Treas-
ury notes already expended and gone. We have
a deficiency of s 37,000,000 in a single year; anu
we are now called on by the Administration for
another loan of ^15,000,000. And, sir, we uie
told that this lor.n will not meet the exigent.y—
it is only a partial remedy, a homeopathic, dose.
The Secretary gives us fair notice that he will
want further loans during tiie next fiscal year. F i
will call the attention of the committee to this
clause of his letter:
T hnve con tilled tln-< i in] any to the two fn>t qiuuteis of
the ne\t lifseal yeui, a> (.:<>m?re-5 will lea^emiii.* bdete 1 h;1
clo-e of the i-eemtd quarter, mid it will be tune enough then,
should it become v, i<> pi<>\ ule tor lutinc eonmigen-
cie > that, cannot noiv he foreseen.
i{ Future contingencies thatcannot now bo fore-
seen !" Is the Secretary like Mieawber. waiting
for 44 something to turnup?" Sir, these future
contingencies can be foreseen. 1 can demonstrate
to any sensible man that the Secretary of the
Treasury will be compelled to call on Congress
for ^1:2,000,000 to supply deficiencies in the next
. fiscal year. To that will have to be added
^,21,000,000 to redeem the outstanding Treasui y
notes and mteiest, which run but for one y< ur, so
that there will be an addition to the national debt
of ^63,000,000 in two years.
Under tlnse circumstances, a loan bill is pro-
posed to the House,and it is notaeoompanied by
any measure of revenue, or of retrenchment and
reform. No proposition is made to increase the
tariff, no measute to enlarge the revenue. As the
first fruits of this Administration, we are em-
barked in a permanent system of loans to support
the Government,
I desue, for a moment, to call the attention of
, the committee to another remarkable paragraph
j of the Secretary's letter. He says that since the
I meeting of Congress " the demands upon the
! Treasury for the present fiscal year have been
; increased by legislation to an amount not far be-
low ten million dollars."
J would like to know by what legislation we
have increased tlTo burden thrown upon the Treas-
ury. Has the Committee of Ways and Means
introduced measures into this House appropri-
ating $10,000,000 not sanctioned by the Execu-
tive? Has any act been approved by the House
which appropriates ^10.000,000 not called for by
the Secretary of the Treasury ? If Congress has
thrown an additional burden upon the Executive
Departments I would like to know by what law
and for what purpose it has been done. 1 have
no knowledge of any bill which has not been de-
manded and urged upon us by the Executive.
Certainly Congress has proposed no new expend-
iture. But the Secretary says this has been done
by legislation*. We did pass a deficiency bill,
and that 1 suppose is the legislation referred to.
But at whose demand ? We all know how ur-
gently these executive officers, who now seek to
charge that Congress has thrown upon the Treas-
ury an additional burden, begged us to pass the
deficiency bill. And what was this deficiency
for? To carry on the Utah war—a purely execu-
tive war—a war made and carried on without the
assent of Congress. An improvident war—a war
as feeble in its conception as it is likely to be
ridiculous in its termination. With great eclat,
and at great expense, the Administration gathered
together an army in the Territory of Kansas to
overawe that people, and retained it theie until a
period too late to march to Utah before the ap-
proaching winter. With utter disregard of either
policy or economy, the President then ordered
forward our gallant army to spend the winter in
the Rocky Mountains. He did not wait until
Congress could be consulted. Instead of sending
peace commissioners to reason with a rebellious
people and negotiate terms of peace, he posted
this army m the mountains and compelled them
to be supported there with flour at fifty dollars a
barrel, and other provisions at an equally enor-
mous rate. After millions have thus been wasted,
he discovers for the first time that negotiation
might prevent the war; and then, with ridiculous
haste, commissioners are dispatched to overtake
the army. Recent advices indicate that a private
citizen has accomplished what the Administration
too late attempted, and thus the Treasury has been
burdened by the useless expenditure of millions
of treasure by an unauthorized act of executive
power.
Mr. Chairman, I now desire to submit to the
committee some lemaiks m regard to the expend-
itures of our Government; and to show their in-
crease, and where we are dufting to. The ex-
pendifues of the last fiscal year, according to
the documents which we have before us, were
*>71,07:2,213, inclusive of payments on the public
debt; and $65,032,559, exclusive of the public debt.
This is several millions more than was expended
for any year during the Mexican war. I have en-
deavored to estimate,as nearly as I could, the ex-
pend! tmes for this current fiscal year; and, in doing
so, 1 have taken the mateiials furnished us by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I find that, at
the third session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
II "2,998 wex*e appropriated; for this year, I
line! that the Committee of Ways and Means has
increased this sum by deficiency bills, amount-
ing to §11,201,701, composed of the following
items:
Pound ilutie* by tieatv with Denmark $333,011
Punnwj deficiency aheady parsed  341,lc8
Biihuu o < i Punting deficiency for this yeiu, («s-
invared)  600,000
M^crihnoou.;  373,318
Ainu defien-ney 7,9X>,000
L'o-.t Oihce delicieney     1.469,1 "3
$11,201,701
Amounting in all to £,83,313,999. This sum has
been appropriated, except the £.000,000 for print-
ing, and has near ly all been expended. Secietary
Cobb makes the estimate a little higher, or near
eighty-five million dollar*. Thus far the estima-
ted expenditures by annual report are $74,963,058;
add $10,000,000 mentioned in his recent letter as
for deficiencies not estimated for; but as he has
been unfortunate in his figuies heietofore, I prefer
to follow my own.
I have endeavored carefully to prepare an esti-
mate of the expenditures tor the next fiscal year.
By the annual estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the expenditures for that year would
be $7-1,004,755. But this does not include many
items, most of which will have to be paid for as
certainly as the President's salary. Some are as
follows:
Three new regiments   $4,289,547
Probable PoH (Mhce deficiencies, over amount
appiopnated   2,500,000
Public biuid'n^      .. 1,700,000
Private biii-i (estimated)  J,Uirl),U00
Puntins d< ficicney  600,n00
Aiiiiv deficiency, eitiunu.«l to be same a% last
yeir    8,000,000
18,089,547
Making in the aggregate, §92,143,202.
it is true that some of these may be overesti-
mated, but I have taken the estimates furnished
to me by the Committee of Ways and Means. It
may be that the A nny deficiencies next year may
not be so large as I have put them down. It may be
that two of these new regiments maybe dispensed
with. It may be that they will be much larger;
but I take it as a reasonable inference that the
deficiency next year will be as large as the deli-
