1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
give to this State three Representatives. I would j1
ask some dmSenators who have argued in fa- j:
vor of aHowiSg her three Representatives (and I j
will allude in a moment to the ground on which ;
they assume-to say that Minnesota is entitled to |
three) to recollect that the great State of Iowa, j
lying right by the side of Minnesota, according |
to a census taken,I think, in 1855, had some six ;
hundred thousand people, andhasprobably eight!
hundred thousand people to-day. She polled more I
than ninety thousand votes at the presidential ;
election in 1856. How-many members-has she j
in the House of Representatives ? Two; and you i
propose here to give to the new State of Minne-1
sota, with one hundred and fifty thousand popu- j
lation at the outside, by the census, and with a :
•vote of forty thousand at most, wiih less than
half the votes that Iowa gave in 1856, at the pres-^
idential election, three members, and leave Iowa
with but two.
- Sir, do the people 6f Minnesota ask any such
thing? I appeshend that the sense of justice will
be too strong in Minnesota itself to ask for such
a thing. They mistook their population when
they set up the claim for three Representatives,
as is often the case in a new country. We know
• how desirous people emigrating to a new country
are to bujld^up towns and cities, and create the
impression that the country is growing. Gene-
rally, many persoss go to better their fortunes;
they arc""dealcrs in real estate, who deal in the
buying and selling of town lots. .The tendency
is to magnify the population m all new countries;
but I apprehend that when the honest citizens of
Minnesota come to see that they have but one
hundred and fifty thousand population, or forty
thousand voters if you please, they- wiii not ask
to have three Representatives, when the great
State of Iowa, with more than double their voting
population, and four or five times their actual pop-
ulation, has but two. Ia that just to Iowa ? Is it
just to any of the States of the Union to give three
Representatives to such a population as this?
But, sir, this mode of compiling the popula-
tion upon the votes is utterly fallacious; and 1 was
astonished that the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Polk,] with the knowledge which I presume he
has, and all of us have, who have read the news-
papers, and who are at all acquainted with the
condition of things in Minnesota, should have
made a calculation based upon the votes given at
the election there, when it is notorious through-
out this land that the grossest frauds and manu-
facturing of votes are charged to have been mado
in this Territory of Minnesota. Why,, sir, sub-
sequently to the election, agents were sent out
from St. Paul, who traversed the remote parts of.
the Territory, where hundreds of votes were re-
turned, and they reported that there was not a
tenth part of the population, men, women, and
children,in those counties, as there had been votes
returned. These facts were published in the
papers of St. Paul; I do not vouch for their truth;
out I am replying to the assumption that there are
forty thousand legal voters there. That is denied;
there has b'een a contest as to who has been elected
Governor of the new State. Now, sir, we have
but one certain and safe rule, and tii.it is to go by
the census. That is the legal, that is the consti-
tutional mode of determining how many Repre-
sentatives the people of Minnesota are entitled to.
As I am on my feet, I wish to call attention to
the constitution of Minnesota. I do not know
that it is a question that we can inquire into; prob-
ably the Committee on Territories have had their
attention turned to it; but I have received this
morning a letter from a member of the Senate of
the present Legislature of Minnesota now in ses-
sion, which was in session when this letter was
written—for 1 believe it was then about to ad-
journ—stating to me (and I have not had time
carefully to examine the constitution to see how
the fact is) that this constitution provides no lim-
itation for the term of set-vice of members of its
House of representatives; that they are elected
without determining how long they shall hold.
He says that the term of office of the Senators is
fixed at two years, I think, but that the members
of the House are elected indefinitely, or for life,
as he expresses it, and that some of them pretend
to claim that they arc Representatives for an in-
definite period; as long as they think proper to
hold. I do not know that Congress would be au-
thorized to reject the constitution for that reason;
but it- certainly would be a very objectionable
feature.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt Him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator had done me the
honor to listen to me, I stated that fact to the Sen-
ate in the speech which I made on file admission
of Kansas. I said that, under the present consti-
tution of Minnesota,-the House of Representa-
tives had been chosen for life, and had been chosen
before the constitution went into effect; and. that
the constitution itself was ratified by the people
by a vote exactly like the vote taken in Kansas
on the 21st of December. I think he has hardly
studied the constitution of Minnesota as thor-
oughly as I did.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not disposed to dis-
j cuss over again the Kansas question. I did not
listen to the Senator from Ohioj and was notawarc
| that he had stated this fact. It seems that such
| is the fact. Ho, I presume, has examined the
: constitution with regard to it. I said it was so
• stated to me by a correspondent; but not having
; had time carefully to examine the constitution, I
; did not know how it really was.
i Mr. PUGH. It is evidently an omission in the
j constitution. There is no limitation of the terms
, of the Representatives, and there would be none
: of the Senators, except for the fact that there is a
, general provision that whenever a census is taken,
[ either by the United States or by the State, the
| seats of all the Senators shall be vacated, if it
| wete not for that, the Senators would be chosen
! for life aho.
Mr. SIMMONS. How are you going to rem-
edy it?
Mr. PUGH. Let them anvnd then-constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 apprehend, if the con-
stitution were of such a character that it was not
republican, (I am not prepared to say exactly
what a republican constitution if-!,) wo could not
with propriety admit Minnesota into the Union
! at all, under this constitution. 1 will not under-
j take to say, however, that that omission, as it
i undoubtedly must have been, in the constitution,
i to provide for the term of service of the members
of the House of Representatives, makes it anti-
republican. it doubtless should be remedied in
some way. Public sentiment will correct it, I
presuiw, and the Legislature doubtless will pass
a law to meet the case. I am notawarc that they
have done so, though, during their four months'
session. I apprehend not, from the letter which
1 this morning received from that country.
Having said this much, I think it is very clear
that, while we should be disposed to do justice
to Minnesota, and make a liberal allowance to
her, we should not do injustice to other States
lying alongside of her, by giving her twice the
Federal representation in the councils of the
nation which is given to States twice as populous
as she is.
Mr. WILSON. I thought, Mr. President, from
the remarks wluch fell this mornmgfrom the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] that some of us
were to be held as having adopted an illiberal
policy toward this new State. Now, sir, I wish
to say that I am willing to deal liberally with the
State of Minnesota, and to give her the full ad-
vantage of all the population she has got. The
Senator from Indiana tells us that she is peopled
to a great extent by emigrants from my section
of the country, and that they compose, the best
portion of Inn* population. Well, Mr. President,
all J have to say to that is simply this: that our
population is all good, all law-abiding: and those
'[ who have gone to Minnesota from New England,
II I have no doubt, inherit all the virtues of the pop-
il ulation they have left, and that they have carried
I to Minnesota that feeling which pervades the sec-
i] tion of country where they were reared—of obe-
li dience to law, and of devotion to liberty protected
:: by law.
,< But, sir, the Senator could not let this question
J pass without giving a Ring at those from oursec-
jj tion of country who have found homes in the new
j) Territory of Kansas. Before those who j^iave left
'i New England, and reside now in Kansas, are de-
ii nounccd as violators of the law, it might be well
i to prove to the Senate and the country that a
j single man who ever went to that Territory from
I New England, has violated the laws of that Ter-
• ritory, or the laws of Uie country, or ever been
prosecuted or punished for anything of that kind.
We have heard a great deal about Jim Lane from
the other side of the Chamber; but i believe he-
comes from the Senator's State of Indiana; and
the President of the United States calls him a tu-
multuous sort of character, a rebellious man; but *
these charges are fixed on no New England man
in that Territory individually.
Mr. PITCH. With the Senator's permission,
I will remark that Jkg Lane, like many gentle-
men from New England, lefrhis country for his
country's good. "Laughter.]-
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Indiana, I ,
think, is sometimes in error, and he is in great
error m this case. There are less inhabitants in
Kansas from New England than is generally un-
derstood, and they are almost all of them young
educated men from New England—a better class
of population than has generally gone from New
: Englandtoany westernState;and 1 think the west- *j
j ern Senators will all bear evidence that the general"
| character of the population from our section of
| the country who have gone into their States has
i been tolerably respectable.
' Mr. PUGH. There are some very good ones
| in Ohio, and some bad ones.
Mr. WILSON. There is no doubt of it. Now
I wish to say, in regard to this matter of Minne- ^
sota, that I do not agree with anybody, on either / -•
side of the Chamber, that we should adopt any
little technical rules to govern our action. We
have complained of technicalities from your side
of the Chamber. We had better keep clear of
them ourselves on this. When we passed the
Minnesota enabling act, wo provided- for taking
a census of the new1 State. We undertook to do
it. The evidence is not officially before us, but it
is sufficient to show clearly that we have failed to
do it. We have evidence that we can rely upon,
from the intelligent men of the country, rhat we,
the Government of the United States, which un-
dertook to take the census in the Territory o£
Minnesota, have failed to complete a perfect cen-
sua. The responsibility is ours, and it does nogl
attach to the people of that Territory, and thejrv "
should not have the disadvantage of it.
But I see no evidence on earth that they are
entitled to three members. I believe they have
population enough to entitle them to two mem-
bers. I have not a doubt of it in my own judg-
ment, knowing what I do of that Territory. But,
sir, in order to reach that matter properly, I think
\vc should adopt what is fair and just towards
Minnesota, and towards all the States of the
Union, and that is to admit Minnesota into the
Union with one member, the constitutional num-
ber that all the States an: entitled to, and then put
a provision in this bill .that the Secretary .of the
Interior shall now forthwith take the census of
this Territory, and that the people of Minnesota
shall have the full benefit of their whole popula-
tion just as soon as that census can be taken. It
can be taken in a few months, and they can elect
one, two, or three additional members and send
them into the present Congress, and I am in fa-
vor of giving it to them. I do not want to stand
on any little technicalities or any little forms in
regard to this matter. We have repudiated all of
them, as we ought to do, in regard to Kansas;
and we should do so in regard to Minnesota, as
we should do in regard to any new Territory
that comes here and asks admission into the
Union. When we can reach the matter, I pro-
pose to offer an amendment to carry out this idea,
providing that she shall come in with one Repre-
sentative now; that the census shall be taken as
provided for in the act of February 2G, lbp7;and
that she shall have the full and entire benefit of
her whole population, as she ought to have m es-v
timatirig the number of her Representatives.
Mr. POLK. I desire to add a few words to
what was said by the Senator from Ohio on this
subject, which may be an answer to what has
been said by some other Senators this mormng.
I think, fiist, it is conceded that the cens is that
has been attempted to be taken is imperfect on its r«
very face; for it shows that there are counties in
this Territory in which there has been no attempt
to take a census. Now, I say that if you begin
to apply the hard, strict law to the case, tlv very
first stop you take shows that you are doing in-
justice to this new State. 1 ask Senators it it is
fair and equal to this new State to confine her in
her representation to the population that is shown
