2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
I have here another table showing the compar-
ison of the expenditures for decimal periods:
^ $
8 s
o o o c>
U -I D to M CI u
"® 00 "o \q "u "o
CO CO CO
  13
O A w
«?=- GO CO GO C
CO 0C — CO CO
w g -i (c cc
5 A
^ P ^ vT #
© -J -I -i
fa CJ «i JJ, c A. c
-! J?5 J-O oo JU5 CO -
CO "o ~OJ
C C5
(O i. O A
a> co
13 co to o
ti
to 0>
«—
C.1 4.
- 15 Q CO CO w
-J c,( -! CTj -J O C/j CJ
 ! CO C/J -1 o U3 U
CJOO^-cOO^wtO
_i (-« C,t -^1 CA O") *o
15 O C,< to © CO
W ■!   O - C
J?> Cl CO O -i CO
— "i>. CO O CO M "o
CO C' o< ,i) >i- .-/J CO
w 3>0*   3
p o < a -a
Per centum of
increase.
£ 1=1 o
cl 3 -
? —
>£■ 10 13 >i 
<*a
O '1 ft IO c<
u O U to n «
_-•> J  4~ ©
^ ^ (P
'—' t O O vj Qi
C/j liJ CO CO 4-
tO 05 CO « ©
"co 'co "co
sr. & 5
- 8 M
00 OJ -1
w CO >r- C."
CO CO
co g> cc c? co
<K
2 g
$332
_CII - J ~'-
CO C> CO
It shows a gradual inciease of the expenditures
of the Government, mud within a (Vw yeais,and
then a rapid increase for the hist few ycais, as
compared with former ratios of increase Form-
erly, and prior to 1840, the expenditures of the
Government increased in but a slight decree more
than the ratio of population and the extension of
Territory; but now it is going far beyond that.
Now, when we go into the details of this ex-
penditure, we find some of the most startling
phases of political economy. Let us take up, for
instance, the item of contingent expenses of the
House and Senate, in 1840 the pay for the em-
ployes of both Houses of Congress amounted to
$42,592; 'n 1857, it amounted to £>156,000; and
yet the number of poisons composing the Con-
gress of 1840 and 1857 was substantially the same.
I find that the incidental and contingent expenses
of the Senate rose from $100,000 to $237,000; the
incidental expenses of the House from §240,000
to ^1,340,000. I find that the expenses of the
I3resideiU and the different Departments, at the
other end of the avenue, have risen from $850,581
to $1,927,673. I have before mc a statement which
I had the temerity—for so the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means regarded it—to
read the other day. It is a table showing appro-
priations for the President, and for his house, gar-
den, and grounds, in 1840 and 1859:
1840.
Salary    $25,000
Secretaiy, steward,and messenger 
Contingent expense and stationery 
Puiciiasiisg plants for consciv-uoiy 
Repair* and turmtme, trees and plants lor
guidon, ami making hotbeds therein.... 4,165
Fuel 
Furnace-keeper 
Liij'uin:*President's House, (estimated).
La:'<>iet-> and "aidencrs, (estimated) 
ttoofc-? tOi itui uy 
Dooi keeper arul assistant 
Two iught watchmen  
821). 185
1859.
{$25,000
4,600
750
1.000
19.000
1.80)
'600
.0,000
4,800
250
1,0510
1,200
$56,-">00
I find that I then omitted some items forthe next
year, and that the amount of emoluments is even
latger than 1 stated. We have indirectly increased
the salary and incidental expenses of the Pres-
ident fiom $20,000 to something like sixty thou-
sand dollar*, and that, too, in plain and direct
violation of a clause of the Constitution which for-
bids any increase of the emoluments of the Pres-
dcntduiing his term. Another comparison will
illustrate the increase of expenditures. I find
by reference to a speech made in the Senate, by
Mr. Tiueman Smith, (Congressional Globe, vol.
25, page 124,) that the entire expense of the
printing for the Twenty-Sixth Congress was
$190,864, or $95,432 per annum. Ifind^from arc-
cent report from the chairman of the Committee on
Punting, [Mr. Taylor,] that the expense forthe
printing for the Thirty-Third Congress—famous
for its lepeal of the Missouri compromise—
amounted to ^3,025,827, or £1,512,918 per annum;
or more than ten thousand dollars to every metn-
bei of both Houses of Congress. Such is the char-
acter of the increase in that single item alone.
That was the expense incurred for the printing of
the Thirty-Third Congress, which I think was'the
most disastrous in the history of our Go \ eminent,
because it reopened a strife long before that time
settled, and inaugurated this wild system of reck-
less expenditure which we will find' so difficult to
cheek.
Look, sir, at the misc.i Uaneous items of expend-
iture s. In the early lepoi's of the Secretary of
the Treasury, (lie nt'sceiianeous items were few
and far between. Hut if gentlemen will turn to
the reports for this session. (House Document
No. 13,) they will find from page 25 to page G3
filled exclusively with the details of the miscella-
neous expense.:? of tin: Guvc rnm nt, amounting
to hb 1^- l'5's vast mausoleum arc but ied
your aecut contracts, your joh.-j, your custom-
houses, your maune ho^pi'als, your Post Ortlce
defrueney and post offices, your coast suivey,
your court-houses—a vast catalogue of jobs to
parti.snn favorites.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You voted for them.
Mr. SHljUlMA\, of Ohio. The gentleman
wiil find, by looking at the reeoul, he is mistaken.
Hut, I am ghul that he has called my attention to
this point. 1 hope lie and his political friends will
press it daily and hourly. His remark shows
how thankless a task it is for gentlemen upon this
side of the House to comply with the urgent de-
mands of the Executive for money. Peihaps it
may teach my friends a lesson; but if it does not,
then I hope they will take warning from the ex-
amide, and the veiy marked example, set the
other day in the case of my late colleague, Mr.
Campbell, who had displayed his zeal, I think
unwisely, in the last Congress in urging all the
appropriation bills, and complying to the fullest
extent with the demands of the Executive; and,
sir, when any of us yield, and, under the com-
mendable desire to sustain the Government, even
when unwisely administered, vote for general ap-
propriation bdls, then these extravagant appro-
priations are thrown in our teeth, when wo only
vote what they ask. J trust gentlemen upon this
side of the House will take this as a warning and
as a lesson. It is a thankless task for gentlemen
to aid an Administration like this or its piedeces-
sor in carrying on the burdens of the Government,
when they cannot vote for a single-appropriation
bill without having all those contingencies and
jobs and other items thrust upon them, and being
told, " you voted for them." Sir, I can say, for
one, I did not. The gentleman will not find me
in that category.
I have already referred to the military establish-
ment showing a vast increase in its expenditures.
I might, with the documents before me, show how
millions have been sunk for transportation, sub-
sistence, and supplies, upon contracts made with-
out public notice, but I am admonished that my
time will not allow.
Without an opportunity to examine, and under
the plea of pressing necessity, at an early period
of the session, we were called upon to vote ex-
travagant appropriations, intended to cover large
contracts for subsistence and transportation—
many of which are illegal—or have it charged
upon us that we were willing to leave our gallant
army in the Rocky Mountains without food and
shelter. Unwilling to do that, some on this side
voted for the deficiency bill; but who can trace
the expenditure of this money?
We were told yesterday by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that all these
appropriations are in pursuance of existing law.
Now, I want him to answer at his leisure, how
; it comes that in 1852 there were employed in the
1 collecting of the revenue two thousand five hun-
dred and thirty persons; and that in 1854, when
the law had not been changed, there were em-
1 ployed in the various custom-houses two thou-
\ sand nine hundred and thirteen; and in 1857,
; three thousand and eighty-eight employes; and
j this before the new tariff had gone into operation ?
| How comes this increase of five hundred officers
i in the custom-houses? Under what law was the
! increase made ? By what authority are these fresh
leeches set upon the Treasury? Sir, a large por-
tion of the appropriations annually made depend
simply upon your will; and if you cut off the sup-
ply, the expenditures will cease without impair-
ing a single provision of law.
Sir, retrenchment and reform are now matters
of imperative necessity. It is not the mere ciy of
demagogues, but a problem demanding the atten-
tion and worthy the highest ability of the Repre-
sentatives of the people. No party is fit to govern
this country which cannot solve it. It is in vain
to look to executive officers for reform. Their
power and influence depend upon executive pa-
tronage, and while we grant they will squander.
The Senate is neither by the theory of our sys-
tem, nor by its composition, fitted for the task.
This House alone luis the constitutional power
to perfect a radical reform. The Constitution
provides that no money shall be diawn from the
Treasmy but in consequencc of appropriations
, made by law, and that all bills for raising revenue
shall originate in the House of Representatives.
These provisions were designed to invest in this
■ House the entire control over the public purse—
. the power of supply; this is invested in the House
1 of Commons, and has been jealously guarded by
, it. It is the pearl beyond price, without which
1 constitutional liberty in England would long sinco
have fallen under the despotism of the Crown.
Ijv the exetcise of this power we may hold the
Executive and the Senate in check. Butinstcad
of usin2, it, this House has, by slow degrees, al-
lowed the other dopaitmontsj of the Government
to evade and virtually overthrow its constitutional
power. This change may ho briefly illustrated.
The theory of our Government is tfiat a specific
sum shall be appropriated by a law originating
in this House, for a specific purpose, and within
a given fiscal year. It is the duty of the Execu-
tive to use that sum, and no more, expressly for
that purpose and no other, and within the timo
fixed. Such is the theory; but what is the prac-
tice ? Under a section of a law passed m August,
1842, which was designed only for that bill and
for that year, the Departments assume the power
to transfer appropriations made for one purpose,
to any other purpose in the same Department,
thus defeating all checks. Without law they use
money appropriated specifically for the service of
one fiscal year, to pay for the service of another
fiscal year. A marked example of this occurred
recently. The present Secretary of the Treasury
took money appropriated in March, 1855. for the
expenses of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
for the year ending June 30,185G, and in the faco
of a refusal by Congress to appropriate money to
support the bogus usurping Legislative Assembly
for the year ending June 30, 1857, took the bal-
ance of the old appropriation and applied it to
that purpose.
Another abuse by the Executive Departments,
is, in iheir habit ot making contracts m advance
of appropriations. They make contracts without
law, and compel us either to sanction them or
