-,¥*■
1408
THE,CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
; Mr. POLK. Did she-get two Representatives
'onthat basis?"
"Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. It strikes me that that is the
strongest argument which can-be made in favor
of Minnesota.'' Iowa wasadmitted with two Rep-
resentatives, when she had a population of one
hundred and nine-two thousand, and now Iter
population would entitle her to four or- five Rep-
resen tatives
Mr.-JONES. S?x.
, Mr. PUGH: The population-of Iowa, at the
time of'her admission, was one hundred and
ninetyHwo thousand two hundred and fourteen.
Mr. BROWN. What was the ratio of rep-
resentation then ? .
• Mr. PCJGrH. She had enough for two mem-
bers, and a small fraction.
Mr. POLK. Iowa only got two members then,
and she would be entitled now, according to a fair
census, to five or six.
TSlr. JONES* Western members of Congress
know the great difficulties which we encounter in
those newly-settled countries, in obtaining a full
census of the people, It is out of the question to
get it. I know that, at the last census taken in
Iowa, some counties were entirely left out, and
that is considered an old State in comparison with
Minnesota, I am certain that a great deal of the
p&pul&iion of Minnesota could not have been
taken, even if the marshals had done their ut-
most. The .difficulty of taking the population in
tfyat country is much greater than it is even in my
own State. The country is much more difficult
to get through. They have no railroads, and very
few stage routes; and it is a difficult country to
travel in. I believe it is better to do a little too
much for a new country like Minnesota, than to
do too little for her. The interests of new States,
such as Minnesota will be, and Iowa is, cannot
be properly attended to in Congress by their lim-
ited number of Representatives. It is uf teily im-
possible for the Representatives of those Stated
to do all the business which is confided to them.
The people of those States huvoan immense quan-
tity of business to be attended to jn the various
DepartmentsoftheGovernment,as well as in Con-
gress. Sir, it is an old maxim that. if. is better
ninety-nine guilty men should go unpunished
than one innocent man suffer. 1 think it is bet-
ter to do a great deal too much for a new State
just coming into the Union, that has a great many
difficulties to encounter, than to do too little. I
do not believe my constituents will blame me for
doing so; but if they do, they will have to help
themselves; they cannot get over it. I hope the
greatest amount of representation proposed will
be given to Minnesota.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to vote for as
large a representation for the proposed State of
Minnesota as she is entitled to by any fair esti-
mate of her present population, and no more. I
am willing to vote her a Representative even for
a fraction of the ratio, if, by some general under-
' standing among Senators here, the other now
States may have then* representation increased in
a like proportion, t find, by a hasty estimate
picked up here in the Senate Chamber from mem-
bers of the Senate from various States west of
the Mississippi river and northwest of the Ohio
river, cettain facts which I will present to the
Senate. In the State of Missouri, according to
an estimate made by the Governor of that State
in his recent message, there are nearly a million
of people with a representation in the other House
of seven members, giving each Representative a
constituency of one hundred and forty-two thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-seven, in the State
of Iowa, we doubtless now have a population of
seven hundred thousand, with two Representa-
tives, giving to each member from that State a
constituency of three hundred and fifty thousand.
In the State of Wisconsin, 1 have been told by
one of her Senators, the population is estimated
at seven hundred thousand. She has a represent-
ation of three members,giving to each Represent-
ative a constituency of two hundred and thirty-
three thousand three hundred and thirty-three,
fn the State of Arkansas, I have been informed
by a Senator from that State, they believe them-
selves to have a population of five hundred thou-
sand, and they have-two Representatives, giving
to each a constituency of two hundred and fifty
thousand. In the State of Michigan, the Sena-
tors estimate a population of eight hundred thou-
sand; and they have four members of Congress;
giving two hundred thousand people to each Rep-
resentative. The State of Texas is supposed to
have a population of seven hundred thousand,
and she has two Representatives; being three
hundred and fifty thousand to each member from
that State. California has probably a population
of seven hundred thousand, with two members;
being three hundred and fifty thousand to each.
Even in the State of Ohio, I notice that the Gov^
ernor states the population to be two million four"
hundred thousand; and she having twenty-one
members m Congress, they have a constituency
of one hundred and fourteen thousand to each
member. In the State of Indiana, the senior Sen-
ator informs me they had, in 1855, a population
of one million three hundred thousand, and he
thinks it may be very safely stated now at one
million four hundred thousand; and, having eleven
Representatives, this basis gives to each a constit-
uency of one hundred and twenty-seven thousand
two hundred and seventy-two.In the State of
Illinois the population is one million five hundred
thousand, with nine members; being a population
of one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hun-
dred and sixty six to each member.
This gives an average constituency to each Rep-
resentative from that part of the Union of one
hundred and sixty-five thousand and seventy-nine
for each of thesixty-three Repiesentatives m Con-
gress from those States. I suppose from this esti-
mate, that Minnesota would not be entitled to
more than one member, nor do I believe that her
people will increase in a more rapul ratio than
Missouri or Iowa or Illinois or Wisconsin. If
there can be somogeneial understanding that the
representation in Congress shall be increased from
[ all these new States, according to the ratio of 16.30,
; then I am willing to commence the correction now,
, by giving Minnesota something mote than she
; would otherwise be entitled to avoiding to this
, estimate. There are now west of the Mississippi
! river and northwest of the Ohio river, according
l to these rough estimates, ten million four hundred
J thousand people, with but sixty-three Representa-
; lives in Congress. According to the ratio of 1850,
| they would be entitled to one hundred and eleven
• members, which would give them an additional
| representation from the new States of forty-eight.
| If we can all share in this increase according to
i ourpresent population, lam willing to commence
j making the correction with Minnesota; otherwise
I am not. I indorse every word that my collenguo
I has said in relation to the feeling of the people of
J Iowa on this subject. We feel that our interests
! are greatly prejudiced by the smallness of our
,! representation. It is impossible to district the
\\ State of Iowa in such a way as to give the people
j. of that Slate a fair representation m Congress. 1
think it can be done much more readily in Min-
nesota than in Iowa, for her people are all of
'! them, or newly all of them, on what may be
st vied the Mississippi slope of that Territory; in
Iowa they are extended over a much larger area
of country, with diversified interests.
I close by statme;, as I said in the outset, that
if there can be some general understanding by
which there shall be an increase of representation
to the new States, according to their present pop-
ulation, upon the ratio of representation fixed by
Congress in 1850, I am willing to be liberal in
awarding a representation to Minnesota. But it
is clear, I think, that one Representative would
be her full proportion, accoidmg to the present
basis of representation in Congress from the west-
ern and northwestern States. Hence, if restricted
to the strict letter of the apportionment law, she
will secure more than would be awarded by strict
justice.
j Mr. POLK. It has already been said that when
! Iowa was admitted, she had a population of one
1 hundred and ninety-two thousand. I am told that
! her vote at that time was eighteen thousand, which
would be something like one voter toevery eleven
of the population. If you apply that proportion
to Minnesota, where the voters are forty thou-
j sand, it would give you a population of four hun-
| dred and forty thousand. I wish merely to add,
j that when Iowa was admitted, she was admitted
! on a representation that was fully proportioned
I to the amount of population that she then had.
|| Iowa now has not a full representation, because
she has been growing; but when Minnesota comes
to ask admission into the Union, shall she<*not
have the same justice meted ,to her that was meted
4o Iowa, and to Missouri, and to Arkansas, and
to Texas, when they came into the Union? That
is the way, it seems to me, in which the Senate
ought to lo0k at it, not in the way the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] seems disposed to look
at it.' When Iowa was admitted, she had one
standard ofjustice applied to her. When Minne-
sota comes to be adn^tted, let us in justice and
fairness apply th^am"e standard to her. The mis-
fortune is, that Missouri, and Iowa, and Texas,
and other States, stand in a position in which you
cannot do justice to them; but because you can-
not do justice to them now, I think that ought
to be no reason why injustice should be done to
;! Minnesota. On the contrary, it seems to me that
j! we ought, to deal by Minnesota just exactly as
j! all these States were dealt by at the time when
they were admitted into the Union.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi, whom I do not now see in^his
seat, [Mr. Brown,] on Thursday last raised ap
objection to the constitution of Minnesota because
it provided that persons of foreign birth, who had
not yet become naturalized citizens of the United
States, should be entitled to vote in thatnew State.
I deny, m the first place, Mr. President, the right
of this body to look into the constitution of a
State to examine its provisions on that subject.
I answer this objection for another reason, that
the constitution of the State which I, in part, rep-
resent, contains a similar provision, and I there-
fore could not suffer the objection to pass un-
noticed. It is a matter not within the province of
Congress. It belongs to each State to determine
who shall be its voters.
The bill before the Senate copies in the second
section the very language of the enabling act. I
think it is safe to follow it, and for one, I am dis-
posed to sustain the bill as reported by the com-
mittee. I have no objection, however, to the
amendment which has been suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts. I think, in-1
deed, if is but just that that amendment should be
adopted. It seems to be concedcd upon all hands
that the census,which was taken in Minnesota, was
altogether imperfect. The enabling act provided
that she should have as many Representatives as
her population should entitle her to on the present
ratio of representation. If we should leave the
matter to-stand upon that act as it is, the ques-
tion will bo settled by the House of Repiesenta-
tives; the three persons who, it is said, have been
elected to that House from Minnesota, w>]l apply
for admission, and the House will pass upon the
fact whether the population of Minnesota entitles
her to three Representatives in the present Con-
gross. If, however, as is contended, this census
be incorrect, the amendment which has been of-
fered by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts provides for its correction by requiring the
Secietary of the Interior immediately to cause the
census of Minnesota to be taken; and then when
it shall appear what the true census of that State
is, they shall be entitled to their representation
upon the present ratio; that is to say, one mem-
ber for every ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty inhabitants. I shall, therefore, favor
the addition of this amendment at the end of the
second section. I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia, to strike
out the latter portion of the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Mason's amendment, resulted—yeas 8, nays
41; as follows:
YEA-S — IVIossis. Biggs, Broderi'ek, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Henderson, Houston, Hunter, and Yuiee—8.
NAYS — Me^irf. Allen, Bayaid, Bell, Bigler, Bright,
Biown, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Col lamer, Cutteuden,
Divoii, Doolittle, Douglas, Duikt-e, Evan*?, Fessendsn,
Fuch, Foster, Green, Gwjn, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond,
Hailan, Iveison, Johnson ot Tennessee, Jones, King, Mal-
loiy, Poaree, Polk; Pugh, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidcil,
Stuait, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—41.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. As I believe it is now in order,
I offer the amendment which I send to the Chair.
Mr. POLK. I ask the Chair whether the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Georgia on last
Thursday has not priority?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) It was not in order at that.time to
offer it. The question now recurs on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois to strike out the whole
