1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
frail
A bill (C. C. No. 49) for the relief of Esther
Stevens, of Van Buren county, Michigan;
A bill (C. C. No. 50) for the relief of Marcy
Armstrong, of Gloucester county, Rhode Island;
A bill (C. C. No. 51) for the "relief of Nancy
Madison, of Fairfield county, Ohio;
A bill (C. C. No. 52) for the relief of Anna
3?arrott, of Clinton county, Ohio;
"A bill (C. C. No. 53) for the relief of Marga-
ret Taylor, of Putnam county, Tennessee;
A bill (C. C. No. 54) for the relief of Lavina |
Tepton, of White county, Tennessee;
A bill (C. C. No. 55) for the relief of Lucretia
Wilcox, of Wayne county, Michigan;
A trill (C. C. No. 56) for the relief of Mary
Robbing, of Westmoreland county, Pennsylva-
nia; and
A bill (C. C. No. 57) for the relief of Tempy
Connelly, of Johnson county, Kentucky.
The question wag next stated on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which a bill (C. C. Na.
58) for the relief of Rosamond Robinson, of Bel-
knap county, New Hampshire, was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of saying anything in particular in regard to
the reference of this bill. I advocated the recon-
sideration of the reference of these bills this morn-
ing, for the reason that the rules require that the
Committee of Claims shall considerall such bills.
It might be concluded, from the course I pursued,
that I was in favor of the construction which the
. Court of Claims have given to the pension laws.
I differ with the court in that construction. I ex-
pect to vote against ail these bills if the Committee
of Claims should report them back; and I hope
that before the session closes I shall be able to get
a vote upon my bill abolishing the couit, and ap-
propriating the §35,000, now icquired to keep it in
operation, to the payment of just claims against
the Government.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mi*. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
House will instruct the committee, or, if they do
not do so, that the committee will, if they come
to the conclusion to report favorably upon these
cases, prepare and report a general bill covering
them all, so as to save the necessity of passing a
Separate bill in each individual case. I hope, also,
that if the committee come to the conclusion to re-
port favorably on these cases and to sustain the
construction of the Court of Claims, they will, in
the general bill which they may report, make a
provision requiring the different pension agents
employed throughout the country to pny these
pensions to the widows upon proof of identity,
without their coming back here and making ap-
plication for another certificate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether the gentle-
man is in order in proposing to instruct a com-
mittee in general terms in this way, on a simple
reference of a bill to such committee? The ques-
tion is the reference of a particular bill to the
Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to refer opens the merits of the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; and if there
was any doubt about that, I could move to print
it, and that would open the whole question.
Now, sir, who was it that got up these claims ?
Who was it that brought them here to Congress
after the Commissioner of Pensions and the Secre-
tary of the Interior had given a construction to
this act, that the pension should commence from
the day when the act was approved? It was5 as
I understand, the agents for the prosecution of
claims in this city. They got up that scheme and
applied to those who, they supposed, were appli-
cants for payment under this law, to get them to
induce their Repiesentatives here, the members i
- of Congress from their particular districts, to give
to the act a retrospective operation. When the
law of 3d of February, 1853, was passed, the pen-
sions were allowed so quickly that there was not
enough to pay the agents' fees for prosecuting the
claims. These agents, sir, not only sent theircir-
culars to those who are applicants, but they have
sent them to those who have no pretense or claim
under this act. I saw one just before I left home;
it was shown to me by the son of a widow, whose
husband had been pensioned under the act of 7th
of June, 1832, and who was entitled to a full pen-
sion. The marriage took place before the last
term of service, and she would have been entitled
to a pension from the 4th of March, 1831, if her
husband had died prior to that time, or, if not,
she was entitled to it from the time he might die,
subsequent to the 4th of March, 1831, as long as
she lived. When he died in 1854, she, on her ap-
plication, was placed on the pension roll, at the
full rate of ninety-six dollars a year, which her
husband had been receiving from the4th of March,
1831. She is now receiving it, and is entitled to
it for the balance of her life or svidowhood. And
yet, one of these circulars was sent to her, that
the Representative of her district might be applied
to and enlisted in this matter.
Now, what I want is a provision inserted in the
bill that may be reported from the Committee of
Claims, to the effect that the pension agents may
pay these widows at their homes, on the produc-
tion of their certificate and proof of identity, as
they make each semi-annual payment now. My
object is, that they may not have to be brought
back to the Pension Office, to pass through one of
the agencies of this city, or somewhere else. The
five years' pay amounts, in some cases, to only
$100—twenty dollars a year—the husband having
served six months; or perhaps to §500; or, if the
husband was an officer, $2,000 or more. These
agents getting the certificates on their application,
will obtain, without rendering any important ser-
vice, one fifth, one half, or other large proportion
of these five years' pension, or whatever pension
they may claim.
My own opinion is, that the decision of the
courtis wrong, 1 think that they have confounded
manner and time together. The act to which they
have given this construction fixes two things cer-
tain and definite. The one is the time when the
pension is to commence; the other is as to the
time or date of maniage. The act docs not re-
quire any particulnr time for the marriage to have
taken place; but if the applicant be the widow of
a revolutionary soldier, she is entitled to a pen-
sion under this law, without regard to the date of
the marriage. All other pension laws, givingpen-
sions to widows, specify in the body of the act
when the pension provided for therein shall com-
mence, except this one, on which these bills are
founded; and,m my opinion, this one,specifying
no time, should and can only take effect from the
time it was approved and became a law.
But if it bo the intention of Congress to recog-
nize the opinion given by this board of claims,
and to provide for the payment of these cases, let
us pass a law covering all these cases, and incor-
porate m it a provision that the Commissioner of
Pensions shall issue lus instructions to the agents
for paying pensions, that they shall pay the
amount to the widow, on proof of identity.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is another question
immediately connected with this subject, which
I think it would be well enough for the Committee
of Claims to consider. There are many of these
widows of revolutionary soldiers who, to provide
themselves with the means of livelihood, have
intermarried with some other persons. If I un-
derstand the law, these women are deprived of
the advantages of their pensions under it. I have
received an argument bearing on the case, and as
it is couched in better language perhaps than I
could put it in, I will send it to the Clerk's desk,
to be read as part of my speech.
It was read as follows:
If woman is the equal half, and better half of man,
And even ever so to he, in Jehovah's nghteous plan;
Ever and lorever moie hi# comfort and delight,
Then, O freemen of America, let hei enjo> her right!
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives
of ike United States of Jl merit a m Congress assembled:
We, youi petitioners, respectfully ask leave to represent,
that according to our best understanding of human rights,
and more especially " woman's lights),*' the 1 igiils ot widows
whose husband* have died while in the service of the Gov-
ernment of these United States.
VVherefoie, we. m human benevolence, as also in justice,
ask your honorable bodies to repeal that unjust clause in
the Navy pension act which piolnbits. the mariuige of a
widow, entitled by said act to a pens-ion, except at the sac-
rifice and entue loss of bet pension whenever she contracts
another marriage. There me poor widows of this class who
have soul? and hcai ts lo low and desire to be honorablyum-
ted in the holy bonds of mainage with borne congenial soul
of the opposite sex; but unjust clause debaisbuch unions
except at the sacrifice of their means of a physical main-
tenance !
Now, this free people—this free United States of Amer-
ica, the wealthiest nation on the face of the earth, ought not
to allow, we opine, such an unjust clause, as the above
named, to longer remain in smd pension act.
And that your honorable bodies immediately cause tfie *
clause to be repealed and stricken out of said herifvaifliri
pension act. your aggrieved petitioners, as in dtuy bound,
will ever pray. MANY WIDOW'S,
New York, December 2,"), 1857.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to occupy
the floor any longer. The petition speaks for
itself.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, called for the -pre-
vious question. * '
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. ; * *
The bill was then, on motion of Mr. SHER-
MAN, of Ohio, referred to the Committee of
Claims.
CALL OF THE STATES.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the foll&wing
resolution:
Resolved, That the States and Territories be called, be-
ginning at the State of New York, for the introduction of
bills; and that each member be permitted to introduce, by
motion for leave, without debate, as many bills as he desires,
for reference only, and such resolutions as may not beob-
jected to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
These propositions only retard instead of helping
along the business of the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I mbve' to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If a bxJJ wer6 re-
ceived under that resolution, would it be iti order
to entertain amotion to reconsider, and thus bring
that bill back and put it on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not like to
anticipate the action of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have the matter understood before I vote on the
resolution.
Tire SPEAKER. If the answer of the Chair
be material, he will state that he would be bound
to entertain the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I am bound
to object; for under the resolution, all the bills and
resolutions introduced may be brought back by
motions to reconsider, and thus take up the re-
mainder of the session without any of them ever
having been investigated by any committee, or
reported back regularly for the action of the
House. If it be understood that neither the bills
nor the resolutions introduced under this resolfl-
tion shall bo brought back by reconsideration, I
shall not object to it; otherwise I shall objeCt,
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I accept, as a
modification of my resolution, that the bills and
resolutions introduced under it shall not be brought
back by motions to reconsider.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
say that I object to the motion of the gentleman,
because his resolution takes from the House the
privilege of doing what we have a right by the
rules this day to do, and this day only.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. If I understand
the language of the resolution it does not do so.
It barely provides that the States and Territories
shall be called in their order, beginning with New
York, excluding the right to move to reconsider.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether this resolution does not conflict with
one of the rules of the House; and if so, whether
it must not lay over for consideration?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves to
suspend that and all other rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would appeal to
the House to let us have an opportunity to intro-
duce bills of interest to our constituents, of which
previous notice has been given. I have some bills
which I wish to get in.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want the discus-
sion to proceed when it is clearly out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The rules were suspended, two thii'ds hating
voted therefor.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider bo laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that under the order
just made bills and resolutions were in order from
the State of New York.
SODUS HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. MORGAN introduced the following bills;
