THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 28, 1858.
New Series....No. 153.
violate the public faith. I will give a common
instance. An appropriation of $100,000 is made
to construct a custom-house; the Department, in-
stead of contracting for a custom-house of that
cost, make contracts for the construction of one
costing; two or three millions. In this way, the
power of the House has been absolutely over-
ruled. And when they come here and ask for
money to carry on the work, you vote the money,
to save from entire loss the sum already expended
and because the contracts have been made. Now,
sir, I say that every contract which looks to the
expenditure of one dollar more than has been ap-
propriated, is utterly null and void. Take, for
instance, the custom-house at New Orleans. In
1848, Congress appropriated $100,000 for the
construction of a custom-house m that city, upon
the express condition that the city should donate
to the Government a lot of ground for that pur-
pose, and make out a clear and valid title. Well, !
sir, the $100,000 appropriated was all expended |
in the sinking of the foundation of a building of I
untold magnificence, never contemplated by those j
■who made the appropriation. The Department j
again came to Congress for another appropriation,
and Congress hasgoneon makingappropriations j
until $2,675,258 have been expended; and the j
Representative from New Orleans is now demand- '
ing more money to complete her custom-house. j
For the city of Charleston, South Caiolina, in
1848, an appropnation of ^30,000 was made as a |
sort of a rider to an appropriation for a custom-
house at Savannah. Well, sir, upon the basis of I
that $30,000 the Government has gone on with its ]
plans, and has already expended $1,703,000 I j
do not know how much more will be needed to j
complete the building; but the Representative ;
from the Charleston district told us the other day !
that valuable ornaments of stone were laying |
about, and further appropriations were needed j
either to complete the building or protect the. ma- i
terials from destiuction. In tins way the Exec- I
utive is giadually sapping the foundations of the ;
Government and destroying the constitutional i
power of the House. Instead of a representative ;
Republic, we are degenerating into a bureau-
ocracy governed by red tape and subaltern clerks.
While the powers of the House are invaded, the
Executive takes care to extend, by construction,
his just powers. Of this we have an example in
the Utah war. What power has the President,
without the consent of Congress, to order the
Army to Utah, and thus involve the Government
in an expenditme of millions upon millions' It is
said that he is Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
under the Constitution of the United States. But
the Constitution declares that Congress shall de-
clare war. He is Commander-in-Chief, but only
to carry on war when war has been declared by
the Congress of the United Slates. He is our in-
strument, he is our servant, and not our master.
And yet he has involved the Government in this
Utah war. It is a usurpation winch ought to be
resisted by the whole legislative power of the
Government.
We have the undoubted power over supplies,
and yet the President so acts as to leavens no dis-
cretion. He creates the necessity for expenditures;
and when we are asked to appropriate money to
pay them, all the reply we have to our inquiries
is, that the Army was ordered there by the Pres-
ident, as the Commander-in-Chief of the torces.
While I would not ailow these gallant men to
suiter where they are, yet I would call the Pies-
ident to account for having violated the principle
and policy of our Government.
The Senate, also, has been guilty of an inva-
sion of our privileges. When we send bills there
they are returned to us loaded down with amend-
ments for the very sums which we refused to give.
They send these amendments here and we are
impliedly told that unless we agree to them the
entire appropriation bill will fall, and Congress
be called back in extra session. It will be recol-
lected that the appropriation for the Washington
aqueduct, and many other extravagant items of
expenditure, were carried through in that way.
153
The Constitution of the United States gives to the
Senate power to propose amendments to revenue
bills, but expressly withholds from it power to
originate such bills. But by the abuse of their
limited power to amend, they defeat the exclusive
power of the House. But not only that, the Sen-
ate at this session, by direct usurpation, has ex-
ercised the power which the Constitution confers
upon this House alone. It has originated a loan
bill, sent it here, and it is now upon the Speak-
er's table. Is not a loan bill a bill for raising rev-
enue? There was some dispute as to appropria-
tion bills being revenue bills, but there can be no
doubt about this bill. If a loan bill is not a rev-
enue bill, I do not know what is. Blackstone de-
fines a revenue bill to include all bills by which I
money is dircctcd to be raised upon the subjcct,
for any purpose, or in any shape whatsoever.
(Com.,vol. 1, page 1G9.) This bill proposes to raise
revenue by borrowing. If you look at the practice
of the House of Commons you will see that loan
bills are in the first class of revenue bills.
Sir, as the Senate has sent this revenue bill here
in violation of the Constitution, the House ought
not to receive it. There is an example m J3ntish
history, where such a bill was sent by the House
of Lords to the House of Commons. It occurred
two hundred and fifty yeais ago. The House of j!
Commons sent the bill back to the House of Lords .J
with a message that the House of Commons coukl i'
not even consider the bill, because it violated their '
privileges. From that (hy to this, the House of |
Commons would never allow the House of Lords j
to otigmate any money bills. Jt was from that i
feature in the British Constitution that our fathers ]
modeled the provision inserted in the Constitution i
of the United States; and the only difference be- j
twecn our law and the law of England is, th.it the |
Senate may amend levenne bills, but cannot on- j
ginate them. The House of Lords cannot amend j
them, nor add even an appropriation for one dol- j
lar to any hill for any purpose; because it is the l
privilege of the House of Commons to raise mo-
ney bills. To show the importance attached to
this power, I ask attention to high authorities:
" It is the ancient, indi>putab)e privilege find ri^ht of the
House or' Commons, that all guru-* of MiiMdie^ 01 I'aiha-
ment aid* do begin in this liou>e,and rue fu-t bestowed by
them ''—Bluck^hnr'-, Cjih.. vol. h pajjf
" The geneial iea-011 given lor tin* exclusive privilege of
the Iloiw; of Common* i* that ih<J supplies an- i.u-eil upon
the body of the people, and thei efoi e it u po >per tuar they
alone should have the u^lit of taxing themselves.'"—Sume,
vol. 1, page J68.
" It would, therefore, be rxtremoly dangerous to give liie
Lord-5 any power nf naming new taxes tor the subject;
ir is *utfie eiit that ihev have a power of rejecting, if they
think the Commons too lavish or imptovident m then
grant*.—Same, vol. 1, pace IG£-
The Commons arc notonb ueasincr<to the nation, but
alo possess the initiative 01 any b.li imposing a tax, tor
whatever ptnpose."—La,n of Pud , paire K1:*.
So tenacious have the Common* been of llii.s money
privilege, that thev have frequently rejected bilK containing
money clause*, solely on the giound ot i heir not having ori-
ginated with themselves.'"—Fcnall, page 1M.
"On Hd JnlyJB78.it was resolved. 'That all aid* and
supplies, and aids to hi- Majesty m Pd.iliament« aie the sole
Sift of the Commovi; and all bill-? lor the giantingot any
such aid5 and supplies ought to begirt with the Commons ;
and it 1* the undoubted and sole right uf the Cumm-jns to
direct, limit, and appoint, m Mich bills, the ends, purpo-es
eon^idenmoiis, conditions}, limitation?, and qimhlieations of
fcuch giant*, which ought not to be changed or altered by
the llo;:*e of Loids.' "—Fei rail, page 105.
'• The Commons have m) umtonniv and so visorou-ly io-
sisted ever} attempt of the Loidf- to mtei k'ie with t Is is rmht,
that the lafer have long since de*'„-1ed f-om eithei orisni-
atmg money bills, oi fiom making amendments to such bdh
passed by the Commons. The peuod in winch the gtoatei
number of precede lit-' occur begins fi om the restouition and
continues down to the beginning o( the last eentuiy ; and
whenever the question ha* aiisen. the piowipt and zealous
denial of the Common-' has eio-hed th eiiCionehm'-nr  o
eileciually, thatlaUeils the Louis have abandoned ail iur-
tiier at'empts a- hopeless. This pnviiege ,.j now the sole
and undisputed light ot the Commons •>—,uU, page JU7.
As the Senate has sent us this bill, let us follow
the example of the House of Commons, which 1
have recited, and send it back with the message
that we cannot even consider it, because it vio-
lates the privileges of the House of Representa-
tives. A single evidence of the spirit and watch-
fulness of our fdtheis would save us from further
encroachment. But we are told that the Senate
has sent loan bills to this House before. Well,
if there have been bad precedents, I see no reason
why we should continue to follow them. Instead
of reference to the Constitution, we are referred
to bad precedents. We may be referred to the
Tieasury loan bill, at the beginning of this ses-
sion, which came to us from the Senate. I say
that even a multitude of bad precedents do not
repeal the Constitution of the United States. If
so, then there is no safeguard, no virtue, in the Con-
stitution. It is the unalterable law of the people,
and neither precedents nor Presidents nor Sen-
ates dare overthrow it so long as there is an inde-
pendent House of Representatives to hold them
in check.
But many of these abuses have grown out of
the neglect of the House. We have thrown too
much of the business of the House upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Voluminous reports
from the Executive Departments are sent, with-
out indexes, to that committee. It is not in the
power of that committee to give the proper in-
quiry and consideration to all this business, and,
therefore, they become the mere transcribing
clerks of the Executive Departments. When any
information is asked for in debate, no member
is able to give it; but the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means sends to the Clerk's
desk, to be read, a letter 'from some subordinate
under the President. This is not right. Every
; committee should be allowed to originate its own
i appropriation bill. There is no reason why the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
[Mr. Quitman] should not have the preparation
! of the Army appropriation bill, instead of the
i Committee of Ways and Means. The Committee
! on Naval Affairs consists of gentlemen well ac-
| quamted with the details of that service, and there
' is not one soldier, much less a general, on the
1 Committee of Ways and Means.
■ There is no reason why the Committee on Naval
\ Affairs, over which the gentleman from Virginia
' [Mr. Bocock] presides, should not frame the
Navy appropriation bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means was originally intended as the com-
mittee to which sho\ild be referred measures of
revenue and tariff. Instead of being confined to
that, they have had transferred to them the whole
legislation of the country; and when that com-
mittee is composed, as it is at tins session, of a
strong party cast, and the Administration can
command a majority on it, we virtually deprive
ourselves of all power to decide on questions of
I! legislation, and intrust them all to that committee.
j| From the large mass of business thrown upon that
:j committee, it is compelled either to neglcct a por-
J! lion or to report to the House without that ample
Ii information which we ought to have on every
I question of finance.
Another neglect or abuse is in the mode in
which we conduct our business. The practical
limitation of debate is a surrender of our privilege.
Every grievance should be redressed before an
appropriation is made. The old maxim was,
" grievances before subsidies." It was under that
good old maxim of the British law that our fore-
fathers held in check the Crown ofGreatBiitain. It
was under the same principle that our foiefathera
entered into the revolutionary struggle. Weought
to stand by it; but instead of that, we come here
and debate at length Executive usurpation, and
then, at the end of the session, rush the appropri-
ation bills through, giving the Executive all he
wants, and ample means and power to laugh us
to scorn. An Opposition that does not peifortn
its full duty, that does not withhold appropria-
tions until the Executive yields to the just demands
of the people, is not true to itself or its constitu-
Again, we appropriate money, and never in-
quire into its expenditure. The 89th rule pro-
vides for a Committee on Expenditures; yet tlu.t
committee never meets. _ It is a remarkable thing
that that committee, which oughtto be one of the
most important of the House, is totally neglected.
In the reference of the President's message, tlie
Committee on Expenditures is never mentioned;
