1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
•33x11 Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
a sum equal to the amount thus raised by taxa- j
tion; but not more than twenty thousand dollars ;
per annum is to be paid by the United States, and j
these payments are to continue for five years, un-
less Congress shall otherwise order. For the pur-
pose of testing the sense of the property-owners
of Washington city as to whether they will sub- j
rait to this tax, the Mayor of the city is to order j{
an election on such day as he may deem proper, - j
to be conducted in all respects as other elections jj
in the city, except that no one shall be deemed a !'
qualified voter unless he owns property subject to
taxation in the city.
Mr. DROWN. { suppose there will be some
discussion about it, and 1 ask that the report be
read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Brown on the 10th of March:
The Committee on the Distnct of Columbia, to whom
weie relet red vanoins metnoualb and petitions Horn thecor-
porule authonties, the tiusteea of the public schools, and
<■ 11i<i11& ol the city of Washington, piayuig congressional
aid lui the public schools in said city, have had the same
under conMdeiation, and icpott:
Fust. That theie are no unsold lota of nmieiial value in
the city ol Washington, and theiefore it is usHe<s to deny
oi giant so much ot the ptayei of tne petmoneis as i-eeks a
donation of the.>e lots to the public school* of said city.
Sccoiul. The policy ot granting lands m aid ol' public
schools m the new States and Teiutoues appears to your
committee to have been eminently wise, and liee fiom all
<. .nistituuonal objections; hut when it is proposed, as by
tl,,Np niemoiiaiinN, to extend that policy to the Distuctof
Columbia, new and gtave objections arise. These objec-
tions aie not only to the expediency, but, in the judgment
ot many, to the constitutionality of the proposed income.
Without discussing the qiuMion, voui committee repoit
that, in their opinion, it is not pioper,at this time, to make
a grant of public lands to aid the public schools ill the city
ol Washmuton. | \
Thud. The piopoMtion to appiopimte money in aid of i
fin >e scliooU has engaged tile aitention of the committee.
It appeal-, aceoidnu; tu the best data attainable bj jour 1,
eommittee, that the Govermnimt owns about one hall m !
mlue of all the leal estate m the city of Washington. < hi ,!
ihis it p.i\s no taxe-?. The citizens are heavily laxed lor the J
vauous purpose* of city goveiimient, and the United Sta;e< ||
makes laige appiopi lation? for puiposes of its own within [ I
said city. While the city appropriates laigely fiom a com-
mon treasuij foi the support of school*, the United tfute.s ■;
never has appiopnated a dollar for that obtect. ,1
There aie m the city of Wa^nnqton moie than five thou- ;,
sand cinldten. between ibe a«ief oi live and eighteen year-.-, 1
who attend no bclinol Of tbe&e, it is believe,i, moie linin ; j
two thirds have b.-en attiacted to'this point b\ the Govern- !'
ment. They aie the cluldien o{ pei^ons m the service of n
the United tftates, many of whom have no taxable piopeity ; j
m the city, and veiy little anj where else. ' j
Of the>e five thousand who attend no school, one halt at 1;
least, peihaps mote, aie the children of parents too poot to j [
beai the expense ot then education, and they must punv lip j
in ignorance, unless eduea'eil at the public expense. It !l
would seem hatdiy fan to thiow them as an exclusive 1m; - j1
den on the puvate piopeity-holders ol this cm. j:
There are m the public -chooh of this city two thousand ;t
four bundled pupils, besides tlnee thousand two bundled in i1
the private school-;. The pubhe f-cliooN aie maintained |l
mainly out of the city tM^nry, there being paid for then i(
euppoit an annual fum varying fiom twentj to twentv-five j:
thousand dollars. ij
Youi committee has found a healthy state of public sen- I,
tmient m the city on the .subject of ed neat ion ; many of the '!
largest propeitv-holdeis not only consenting to, but tugiug, J;
an additional special lax. torsWiool purposes. The a>fees--ed !
value ot pioperty in the city if. a ftaciion over tuoiifv mx :'
million dollais, \iclding a tevenue, at the pie-ent tateof |
taxation, of .<'195,000, about nine per cent, o! which is ap-
piopnated to the suppoit of pubhc school?. The city has ,
a permanent school lund invested which \ields <1,0110 pei |
aniinni; and the poll tax. amounting to about ti"e thou- i
sand Sive hundred dollars annually, goes al-ointotbe school , j
fund. It is now proposed to levy an additional tax of ten 'j
cents in the hundied dollais lor the «pr;cial purpose of aid- ; i
inc the .school.- Tins will raise about tweniv-mx thousand j,
dollai- pi.i- annum, v,Inch, added to the pie-enl Mim r\- ij
pended, will he equal s.iy to fifty thousand uollais a year, j1
Jf the city was well supplied with school-houses this sum '
would go tai towards meeting the desiied object ol placing i
a fchool withm the reach oi every child in the eit> ; but ,
there i<. unfoituu.Uely, a great deliciency in seliool aecom- ' -
modations.
In view of all t'oe-e facts, \mir committee think it <*xpe- r;
dient tot Coiigicw to pas* an act surifiideiing to the M-linol j I
fund of the city the lines and forteituies in the I)isfi;ct
eouits, and heteatter to be collected. mini t!r; s-amc shall 1i
reach $.'30,0i)0, the money to be applied to the election ot j j
peimanent school-hous.es. j!
The line* and fotieituies vary in amount pet annum, ae- ;
coidimr to the number and magnitude of otiWises asntre-t j;
the eiimmal law-s. fn the yeais I8.">f> and the total of !!
loifeitme- was $9,563 50, and of lines §1,6j-j 50 Oi the^e ! \
sum^ only .^1,482 appears to have been colieeted l$y siir- s'
lendering tins fund to the pubhc school, theie will be cie- !!
ated an additional incentive to moie ngul coHecfionsin fu- 11
tuie; and thus the double benefit of aiding the schools, and :j
puiushmu ollenders \\ it)j moie ceitainty, wnl be obtained, j
In addition to this provision, jour committee piopose an '
anniKil nppiopilatton fiom the national Treasmy of $30,000, 11
tor live yeais, on the condition that the citizens submit to i j
the tax above alluded to—that is, a tax of about twenty-six jj
thousand dollais m the aggregate, for the special puiposes j|
of the pubhc schools, and this to be in addition to the sums
now paid by them. Thus the Government will pay, for a
limited time, about one part, and the citizens two parts, of
the expense of keeping up the public schools; and it is
hoped, with this aid, these schools, in five years, wjli be put
on such a solid foundation that they can be sustained with-
out aid from the Government.
In accordance with these views, a our committee loport
a bill.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section :
Sec.—. Jlvul he it further enacted, That all the taxeh
levied on the estates oi'colored persons, m the city of Wash-
ington, shall be devoted to the support of schools for the
education of colored children, uudcr the direction ol the
government of the city.
I desire to state that several of these individu-
als have spoken of it to me as a ease of extreme
hardship that the colored population here are taxed
for the support of schools, (and it forms no incon-
siderable amount of tlie tuxes colI cted,) and,
whilst they are compelled to pay taxes, their chil-
dren have not the slightest benefit of the schools.
I do not propose to establish any mixed schools
or anything else, but to devote the taxes collect-
ed from this class to the education of their own
children under the direction of the city govern-
ment; and it seems to me to be a matter of such
plain justice that it will hardly be denied. They
are an oppressed and a degraded people, and I
think it hardly comports with the magnanimity
of their superiors to collect their money and to
use it to educate their own children. I hope that
this proposition will commend itself to the chair-
man of the District Committee.
Mr, TOO.VtHiS. J think this cfi'ort of benevo-
lence could have been directed to a much better
object. I am perfectly willing that the bill should
exclude their piopei ty fiom taxation foi thispm-
posc. I think the city could much bettor aft'/rd
to lose the amouiit that tins class of people pay
than to have any difficulty by a pro posit ton lo mix
them. I think it all very well as )on£ as you al-
low them to stay here, which otierht not to be done,
not to tax them for other people's benefit. That
js a wrong principle, and 1 think the gentleman
had better amend the bill by excluding their prop-
erty.
Mr. BROWiNT. 1 was about to say that (he
city authorities hero have never made provision
for the education of colored people, and 1 do not
believe they ever will. I think the colon d people
here have schools of then* own under their own
control, and the contiol ot such prisons as think
proper to meddle with them. I have no objection
to exempting the property ofcoloted peisons from
taxation under this bill if our friends generally
concur m that. I understand the complaint to be,
that these people are to be laxed for an obj'-et m
the benefits of which they aie not to participate.
Then 1 propose to got lliern out of the difficulty
by saying that they shall not be taxed.
Mr. HALE. i am content with that amend-
ment.
Mr, BROWN. Draw it up in that form.
Mr. TOOMBS. A ptovisowill answer, pro-
viding that the property of colored persons shall
not be taxed under this bill.
Mr. DURKEK. I would siuigest to the Sen-
ator from N"\v ilanip.-jlme that that will not re-
move the difficulty entirely, because these people
will necessarily be taxed by indirect taxation to
raise the money winch we now propose to appro-
priate for the benefit of the schools. We propose
in this bJl to donate a certain sum of money to
benefit the schools; and they contributed portion
of that money.
Mr. HALE. I do not expect to get the colored
people up to anything like their rights, and I only
want to mak"' a. beginning. The idea of taxing
their property for the education of white people
is so monstrously unjus r, that 1 hope there will be
no objection to a provision such as has been sug-
gested.
Mr. TOOMBS. That m right.
Mr. HALE. 1 will take the suggestion of the
chairman of the committee, simply exempting
their property from taxation.
Mr. BROWN. The object will be accom-
plished by putting a proviso to the last section of
thu bill providing that the pioperty of persons of
color shall not be subject to taxation under this
bill.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that that will cover
all. If the chairman will let the bill lie'by for a
few minutes, I will endeavor to fix an amendment
with him that will meet the case.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish the bill to lose
its place.
Mr. HALE. Let it be passed over informally,
for the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are one or two sections
of the bill which we might as well be acting upon
while the Senator from New Hampshire is get-
ting his amendment ready. I would ask the Sen-
ator from Mississippi what is now done with the
fines and forfeitures proposed to be given in one
section of the bill to the school fund?
Mr. BROWN. They go into the national
Treasury.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was aware of that fact, and
I want to strike out that provision from the bill.
The administration of justice in this District is
peculiar. The United States actually pay for ad-
ministering justice to this people. This is en-
tirely wrong.- The expense of administering jus-
tice here is probably greater than in any similar
community anywhere on earth. The abuse is
atrocious. If there is a '* muss" down here on
Pennsylvania avenue, probably the costs of the
justices of the peace, constables, &c., will run up
to $300. The only compensation the Treasury
gets for the costs it has to pay where these " cul-
led pussnns" are unable to pay their own, and
theic are from twenty to sixty always in jail, is
the fines some few of them pay. The great body
of these criminals are paupers; and thousands of
dollars, 1 think between sixty and eighty thousand
dollais a year, are paid as costs to all the vari-
ous oflieois for ad ministering criminal justice here.
I am not willing to make the Tieasury of the
United States pay for all of the expenses of admin-
istering justice and maintaining order in Wash-
ington city. The costs of the proceedings in re-
gard to the most petty offenses of free negroes
here are thrown on the Treasury; and then, when
you fine one who can respond to a fine imposed
on him, you take the money and give it for schools.
1 would rather vote money directly out of the pub-
lic Treasury than indirectly in this way. This is
the only fund that remunciates the United States
for the vast amount of cosis they pay in the Dis-
trict. I move to strike out so much of the bill as
gives the fines and foifeitures to the city for this
purpose.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator, I think, over-
estimates the present amount of collections from
that source, and underestimates what would be
the amount collected if there was a more rigid
enforcement of the law.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think my friend from Mis-
sissippi misundeistands me. I express no opin-
ion as to that, f have no information as to what
the amount of fines and forfeitures is, but I know
it is not anything like equal to the costs the Gov-
ernment pay.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia were at some pains to inform
themselves on that precise point. They called on
the marshal of the District, and upon the clerk of
the criminal coip-t, and obtained some facts in re-
gard to thiNfund, which I will state. The fines
and forfeitures vary in amount according to the
number and magnitude of offenses against the
rnmnml law. In the years 1R5Gand 1857, which,
it will be recollected, were years fraught with
crime, th<* total of forfeitures was $9,565 50, and
of fines vU ,052 51), and of these sums only $1,482
appears to have been colieeted in the two years.
The committee believe that if yQu would surrender
these fines and forfeitures to the public schools of
theeity, then the sehooleommissioners, the school
teachers, and all others connected with the public
schools, would have a direct interest in looking
after them, and seeing that they were collected,
and that, when collected, the money was accounted
for, and thereby criminals would be more cer-
tainly punished by being made to do precisely
what I am sure the Senator from Georgia would
hke to have them do—pay up their fines and for-
foitmes; and then the money would go to a very
laudable and cood purpose. At present, as it
seems by the i po<i, the sum amounts to very
little, and if I did not think it would bo greatly
increased, I would as soon see this provision
stricken out as not; but I think, in the end, it will
