1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
admitted,or all go back. The only course that I
can conceive to be proper, is to disregard- the pro-
visions inthe 3\j£innesota constitution,and send the
Representatives back. It will require but a short
time to take the census, and it will be worth much;
for- there will be a solvency of principle in that
which will sustain us hereafter, and we shall not
be setting a precedent for transcending the law
arid the Constitution; but,-if you admit therft as
they are now presented, it will be a disregard of
all former precedents of law, and of Constitution;
and if, in this instance, they aye disregarded, may
they not be in all future instances? May not a
State hereafter come forward, when applying for
admission, and declare in her constitution that she
shall have five or six Representatives, and then
elect them by general ticket-in positive violation
of the laws of. the land. In this case, the three
members were elected by general ticket, though
the district system is established by law. If you
receive the three persons elected as members in
this case, you are giving every encouragement to
disregard of law-and positive violation of its pro-
visions. So, sir, there is no alternative but one; and
that is, upon the acceptance of the constitution to
receive the Senators, let the ccnsus be taken, and
let the people elect such Representatives as the
present apportionment may entitle them to. Gen-
tlemen indulge in conjectures of what their popu-
lation may be, and various refinements and spec-
ulations are brought forward to sanction this trans-
gression, as I consider it, and to give currency to
a precedent that will some day be regretted, when
the laxity that is now exercised in legislation re-
gardless of the Constitution increases; when ex- ■
pediency usurps principle and convenience over-
rides the Constitution.
Mr. President, I am of opinion that we can look
into the constitutions of States applying for admis-
sion. The Constitution of the United States re-
quires that they shall be republican; and wo must
be satisfied of that. If they are not in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States, are
they republican in character? If they are not, they
arc anti-republican. ■ Does this constitution of ;
Minnesota contain no feature in violation of the j
Constitution of the United States ? I tlnnk it does. I
It contains a provision allowing aliens to vote in ,
Minnesota. I contend that a State constitution js j
not republican in character, unless it is in con- i
formity with the Constitution of the United States, |
and 1 say such a provision is not warranted by
the Constitution of the United States. 33y the
Constitution of the United States it is declared
that Congress shall have power to pass uniform
laws on the subject of naturalization, and of course
that power being conceded by the States, they
have divested themselves of all power of natural-
ization, and conferred it upon Congress alone,
A man cannot be a citizen of a State unless he
is a citizen of the United States. 1 contend that
no State has power, in derogation of Federal
rights and prerogatives, (the Federal Govern-
ment being the only authority to pass general nat-
uralization laws,) to constitute any man a voter
who is not a citizen of the United States. I
say, then, this constitution is not republican in
its character in this respect, it is so clear, that
though no high judicial decision has yet taken
place on the subject, I am sure, whenever it is
made a question, the Supreme Court will be bound
to arrive at the conclusion which I have indicated,
unless they disregard the Constitution of theUni-
ted States, and throw disrespect in the face of the
States who constituted the Federal Government,
and adopted its Constitution m the first instance.
If the Supreme Court, in discussing the subject
of citizenship in the recent case decided from jVlis-
souri, that has produced so much excitement, had
only embraced this principle when it was fairly
brou&htwithinthe scope of their jurisdiction, they
would have conferred an essential benefit on the
eountiy. They would have guarded us against
evils that may possibly hereafter result. "May
not ouch a case as this arise ? May not pen-sons in
Canada cross the border into our States, reside
for the time required preceding the election for
President of the United States, and determine the
destinies of this country at some future day ? It
might be a matter of interest to foreign Powers to
tht o.U thorn m upon us m that way. Those per-
son1. who can vote in a State for the mo?t nirfucr-
nit'5 branch of its Legislature, have a right to vote
fW ML-.ii-l' uticil electors, and thus a State may
impose upon the Federal Government aliens as
voters, in the face of the constitutional authority
of Congress to pass Federal naturalization laws.
I do not consider this feature of the Minnesota
constitution republican in character, and it is
within the province of Congress so to decide.
But, sir, I have not heard the first argument
yet,-unless it was founded nn speculation, and the
probable population of Minnesota, brought for-
ward in support of the extraordinary measure
now proposed. I presume, however, it will be
adopted, and if it be adopted, the consequences
may not be realized to-day, or in a few years,
but in half a century the effects of this loose legis-
lation, in disregard of constitutional principles,
this catering to conveniences,- or to influences
which ought not to govern in this body, or at the
other end of the Capitol, will be felt. I mean to
vote for such amendments as will do ample justice
to Minnesota, and at the same time discourage
every encroachment upon Federal power and Fed-
eral right. I am not going to bolster it up by
any adventitious means, nor am I going to cater
to States, because it is a complaisant thing, and
because they possibly may have a great many
more peoplelhan are enumerated. We must go
upon certainty in laws and constitutions. If we
undertake to act upon speculations or conclusions
made under various influences, not dishonorable,
of course, to the gentlemen who make them, wo
are on the eve of setting an example that will not
redound to the peace, the harmony, or the per-
petuity of this country or its institutions.
Mr. BROWN. I intend, Mr. President, to vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. It commends itself to my judg-
ment as right. The second section of the bill
proposes to admit the new State of Minnesota
with one Representative. To that she is clearly
and distinctly entitled. It then goes Anther, and
says that she shall have such additional Represent-
atives as the census already taken shall show her
to be entitled to. That icturn shows technically
that she is entitled to no additional Represent-
ative; but it. shows that she has more than a ma-
joiity of the quota. If we are to follow the pre-
cedents set us in the case of California and the
case of South Carolina, she is entitled to one ad-
[ ditional Representative. I will mete out to this
young .sister that justice which has been meted
out to other sisters of the Confederacy. I am
prepared to vote for a Representative for her frac-
tion, because it was given to South Carolina and
given to California, and it is fair to presume she
is as well entitled to it as cither or both of them.
Then U may be inquired why I vote for this
amendment j seeing that the census has been taken,
and that according to the returns there is only
population enough to give her one Representa-
tive, and one for a fraction over a majoufy (if the
quota? I do it because leading citizens from this
State, leading fuends of the State in both Houses
of Congress, assert that the census was improp-
erly and imperfectly taken; and sny that if theie
had been a proper and perfect enumeration of the
inhabitants, she would have shown herself en-
titled to three Representatives. I know not
whether that be so or not; and in the important
matter of apportioning representation, I will not
guess at the amount, of population. I cannot do
it, and will not do it; but when we have so much
evidence that the State has population enough to
entitle her certainly to two,and in all probability
to three, Representatives; and a proposition is
brought forward to take a new census to show
whether she is not entitled, by a fair enumeiation
of her people, to another Representative, it is
harsh treatment to say that you will refuse simply
this small outlay in money, which it will require
you to reenumcrate her inhabitants. What is
there in the proposition ? it will perhaps cost you
fifteen or twenty thousand dollais in haul c.ish to
take a reenumeratmn of the inhabitants ol this
State, and that is all it will cosU Will you weigh
that amount of money against injustice charged,
and charged, doubtless, conscientiously in the
judgment of many, as having been committed
against this State ?
There ate Senators here, my friend from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Polk,] and others, who think she is
:i fairly entitled to three tfeprtpenraiives. 1 think
II not, because the return docs not .=how it. I am not
|j willing to departfiom the lee.oid. What the rec-
' old shows I must stand upon, because I feel that
when I go beyond that I get at sea and know of
no stopping point. But when we have these as-
surances that there is a population there which if
fairly enumerated would entitle her to two or three
Representatives, and it only costs fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars to take a new enumeration, I am
ready to order it, and if she has population then
give her the representation. That I understand
to be the whole scope of the amendment.
Now, sir, I want a minute more to vindicate
myself from any portion of the responsibility
which may seem to be heaped upon me growing
.out of the repeated declaration that Texas was
admitted here with two Representatives without
an enumeration of her population, and California
without it too. It is true you did introduce Texas
with two Representatives, but how? She came
here as an independent Republic, saying:" if you
will receive us as we propose, we will come into
the Union; but if you will not thus receive us, we
will stay outside of the Union." It was no ad-
mission of a new State. It was a proposition on
the part of an independent Republic upon terms
proposed by herself to come into the Union. If
you choose to accept them, wqjl; if you do not
choose, as well. In the case of California, I know
you did introduce a State without ah enumeration
of the people, and did it wrongfully. I, and others
who stood by me at that day in opposing it, pre-
dicted that that would afterwards be claimed as a
precedent and that other States would ask admis-
sion on the same principle.
I was against the-admission of California with
two Representatives. I am against the admis-
! sion of Minnesota with two Representatives. I
! am for admitting the State, but I repeat to Sen-
; ators now, what I said three weeks ago, that with
, my consent, Messrs. Shields and Rice shall not
■ take a scat on this floor, under the late election,
ftiends or no friends. I would not care if they
; would vote a thousand times over for the admis-
sion of a thousand such States as Kansas. I will
| not vote to introduce them into the Senate, under
i their late election. States have the right to elect
| Senators; Territories have no such right. Was
; Minnesota a State m the Union when she elected
| these gentlemen to the Senate ? No. The whole
; record, this day's debate, shows that she is not
i now and was not then a State. Then under what
| clause of the Constitution did she undertake to
elect Senators and accredit them to this body ?
j Under what clause of the Constitution did she
! elect Representatives ? She is entitled to her Del-
egate as a Territory; and she is entitled to nothing
| more. I shall not vote to introduce her members
! here, and if I were a member of the House of
' Representatives it would not matter a fig whether
she claimed one or two or three or twenty Rep-
: rescntatives, I would vote to admit none of them.
i I understand that a State must be clothed with
all the immunities, privileges, rights, and digni-
ties of a State before she can elect a Senator. Sir,
this thing has been peddled down low enough;
it is disreputable; it is treating the older States of
the Confederacy with less dignity than they are
entitled to; to allow Territories in advance of their
! coming in as States, to elect Senators and send
|; them here. Then what have we got before us
I: now? A proposition comes from the same source,
i; from the venerable and distinguished Senatoi fiom
Kentucky, in advance of the admission of the
; State, anil it is gravely argued before us, to re-
.. ceive her Senators, and then right upon the back
,! of that, to admit the State, and then not admit
1 her. To admit her in one sentence and then allow
her to turn herself out in the next sentence, to
; declare that she is in the Union, and then leave it
to her own people to say whether she is in or
not. Why, upon my soul, sir, I cannot see where
j wc are going to. You admit Kansas one day—if
what I have said, is not precisely applicable to
i! this State, it is to both logethei—you admit her
and declare her in the Union one day, and allow
her to resolve herself out the next day. It seems
I to me that this involves us in unmistakable dif~
i firulty. When a State is fairly in the Union, a
! member of the Confederacy, let her elect her Sen-
j ators and her Representatives, and do not permit
. her to do it before. When she is once in, shc^can
. get out but by one mode, and that, let me tell Sen-
■ ntorf-) is, when you come to understand the th«j-
oiyof the Government properly, by the peaceable
- 'process of secession.
Bat, sir, I ruse simply to say that inasmuch as
