1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2435
the Northwest, and when that power will be
wielded to coerce this species of legislation for
that section of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I said that the time
will come when the Northwest will be able to de-
mand of the General Government a fair share of
the disbursements of the Government for such
purposes as the coast survey and the like of that,
and that the same constitutional power which
will authorize the gentleman to report to us a bill
providing for the coast survey and all that class
of expenditures, will also authorize the expendi-
ture of public money on the lakes.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, Mr. Chairman, if
equality is all that the Northwest desires, look at
the donations of public lands for one purpose or
another that have been made for those States, and .
the value of those donations for railroad pur- ,
poses, for water-line communications, education,
and other purposes, and you will find that when
a balance comes to be struck, whatever may have i
been given to the South falls very far short of
what has been given to the Northwest, out of this '
great land fund that is the common property of '
all the States of the Union.
"Why, sir, it was only dining the last Congress
that millions upon millions of acres of the public
lands were given to those States for railroad pur- j
poses, and they have been applied for those pur- |
poses. Large donations were made for school
purposes, for universities, and for various public
buildings within theTerritorieslocated in thatsec-
tion of the country, while my own section is de- I
prived of any participation whatsoever in those !
donations thus given to the northwestern States :
and Territories. But, sir, more than that; we have ;
had various other propositions which I shall not
now undertake to particularize, because I have ,
been brought into this debate to reply suddenly,
upon the spur of the moment, to a very able
speech, carefully prepaied by my friend from
Ohio, arraigning the Administration upon point
after point; and I must, therefore, only now re-
ply to such points as shall suggest themselves to
me, reserving to myself the right, if an opportu-
nity shall occur between now and the end of the
session, to discuss this question of Government ;
expenditures pretty fully. ' \
Now, sir, my friend from Ohio complains that i
the Administration has undertaken to involve us in
a controversy with Utah, and that it has required
large expenditures of public money to sustain the
Army, and to make it effective for the service in
which it was employed m that connection. I had
supposed that the gentleman from Ohio, himself,
was in favor of having something done 111 theTer-
ntory of Utah; because, if I recollect aright, this
very question was made part and parcel of his
platform ill the last picsidential canvass.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will say, that
upon this side of the House we are all opposed to
the "twin relics." [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Then why arraign the Ad-
ministration for endeavoring to bring the people
to subjection to the law, which you say ought to
be respected ?
Mr. GROW. You have not got any law.
Mr. LETCHER. Then why, when these peo-
ple are in open rebellion against the law, and
when the President finds it necessaiy to execute
it by calling the military power to his aid, do you
arraign him, and say that he ought to be im-
peached for an exercise of power not warranted?
I give it as my opinion that he has done noth-
ing more than was his duty in that connection,
and for doing that duly, instead of receiving
the eensnre and condemnation of this House, he
deserves to be applauded here, and applauded
throughout the country.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman wants the
information, I will give it to him.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; I will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. BISHOP. I object to these interruptions.
Mr. STANTON. The course proposed by this
side of the House, is to settle this matter by con-
gressional legislation. We propose to regulate
this matter by law m the first place, and then
execute the law. Tiie difficulty this side of the
II ouse has found, is that the people ot Utah have
violated no law winch we can go to war about.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 have only to say to
my fi lends on the other side of the House, that
it seesis to me they are very slow 111 bringing
forward their legislation. Why have they not
brought forward some proposition long ago to re-
move the difficulty ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman fiom Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] 
Mr. LETCHER. What is that ?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia inquires why we do not introduce some
legislation on this side of the Hall? I will state
that, at the last Congress, a bill was introduced
by me to prohibit polygamy, which was referred
and reported back to the House, but it was never
reached. In the present session, at the earliest
moment I could, I introduced a bill upon the same
subject, which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, but has not been reported back to
the House. A majority of that committee is com-
posed of gentlemen on the other side of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. You had your committees
in the last Congress, and you had your Speaker:
why did you not then get up your bill and pass
it? But I ask the gentleman from Ohio what au-
thority you have got to pass any laws to remedy
the difficulty? Will you pass a law to intcifere
with the religion of the Mormons, as they con-
sider it? How will you frame your laws to meet
this difficulty, and where will you get your au-
thority ?
Mr. STANTON. We on this side of the
House hold that Congress has not yielded all
the power to legislate over the Territories; they
have as much power to legislate upon the subject
of polygamy or any other crime as they have in
the District of Columbia, or as the States have
within their own jurisdiction.
Mr. LETCHER. The light to legislate for
the oveithrow of their religion >
i Mr. STANTON. We have as much right to
I legislate there within the limits of the Oonstitu-
! tion as any State has within its own limits.
1 Mr. LETCHER. . Does the gentleman take
the grounds then that we have the right to legis-
late upon the subject of religion ?
! Mr. STANTON. 1 take the ground that we ;
i have the right to prohibit polygamy. Does the j
I gentleman call that religion? i ;
I Mr. LETCHER. 1 say that they call it reli- j
I gion; and if the gentleman undertakes to decide ;
i whether it is good or bad religion, somebody else
I may decide that his religion is bad; and they i
j have just as much right so to decide as he has to
| decide that the religion of anybody else is bad.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman under-
take to say that when what they call religion has
reference to the social relation, and to the relation
between the sexes, it is not within the control of
the legislation of Congress? Cannot a State pre-
scribe regulations in respect to marriage, and pro-
hibit polygamy? Have you not such laws in this
District ? and, if so, why cannot you make such
laws for the Territory.''
Mr. LETCHER. You have delegated to the
Territory of Utah the right to legislate in regard
to her domestic institutions. Now, where have
you reserved the right to legislate upon this sub-
ject?
' Mr. STANTON. We have certainly not del-
egated all legislative powers.
Mr. LETCHER. Where have you reserved
the pow er you aie now claiming to cxercise upon
this subject 5
Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will yield to me for a moment, I will answer
his question. In the organic act of Utah Terri-
ritory, Congress expressly resei ved the power lo
approve or disapprove of all laws passed by its
Legislative Assembly.
! Mr. LETCHER. But,^ suppose they have
1 passed no law upon the subject—as I understand
they have not done—how is Congress to approve
| or disappiove them? I think they have passed
! no law recognizing polygamy; or, if they have,
| I have been unable to find it in their statutes.
| Mr. MORRILL. If the gentleman will ex-
j amine the laws passed by the tenitonai govern-
! ment of Utah, he will find that the whole subject
I is placed m the power of the priesthood, and that
j by legislation they indirectly, but still substan-
' tially, recogiwe polygamy.
• Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I doubt ver
_ _ i?rymuch
whether the gentli man can find that. It is cer-
tainly not in the volume I saw. I have seen but
one volume of their acts, which was some two or
three years ago, when I uad occasion to use it ill
debate; but I was unable to find any such law •
there.
Now, sir, there is another point. My friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] undertook to charge
here that the Administration were constantly vio-
lating the law when they allowed a surplus to be
carried from one head of an .appropriation and
applied to another Well, now, sir, if the gentle-
man will turn to the tenth volume of the Statutes
at Large, he will find this section, which I com-
mend to his consideration and to the consideration
of gentlemen on the other side of the House, ami
I think a good portion of them will be willing to
indorse it when they learn from whose pen it
emanated. The section is in these words:
riix. 23. Jlndbe it further enacted, That in case the sum
appropriated for any object should be found more than stifli-
cienf to meet the expense theieby contemplated,f/iesurp/iis
may be applied, under tEic dnection of the head of the proper
Department, to supply the deficiency of any other item m the
same Department oi office : Provided, Tllat the expenditure
loi newspapers and penodicals shall not exceed the amount
specifically appiopnatod to that object by this act."
Now, sir, I think gentlemen on the other side
of the House, who have supported Mr. Fillmore's
administration, will recognize this as pretty good
authority for the transfer of which they complain,
for it was drawn by the pen of Mr. Fillmore him-
self when he occupied the position of chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House. It has remained on the statute-book from
that day to this. Now, sir, those gentlemen on
the other side of the House who have associated
with lmn m polities, and who stand now in oppo-
sition to the Administration, and who are now
complaining of the action of the late and present
Secretaries of the Treasury, may rest satisfied
I that those ofliceis have acted strictly up to the
letter of the law, drawn by a late Whig President
of the United States.
1 Mr. STANTON. Did that law authorize the
; appropriation, m 1857, for the expenses of the
I Kansas Legislature, of another item designed for
another purpose ;
i Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I do not know
that it docs exaitly. I wish to deal fairly with
the gentleman about it. Now, as one good turn
deseivcs another, does it not justify every other
\ transfer made by Howell Cobb or .Tames Guth-
i rie ?
,, Mr. STANTON. Indeed I do not know, as I
have not examined it.
, Mr. LETCHER, it seems to me that my friend
|i ought to be examining into the facts, and ought not
' to confine his sight to this little isolated expendi-
i ture for the Legislature of Kansas. That is but
a moat floating upon the surface. There are other
!! )ar.ge expenditures. I can remind him of one
II winch occurs to me now, (and it is the only one
I that does,) where an appropriation made for one
! purpose was tiansferred for the purpose ofkeep-
|' ing up the  ai mories of the United States, the ap-
' propnation for which was omitted by mistake in
enrolling the bill. Let me say to my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that he had a chance to
raise this question when the bill to restore the
appropriation fot the armories was introduced
dui ing this session by my colleague of the Hai-
per's Ferry district, [Mr. Faui.kxer.] 1 believe
that bill passed with general concurrence, or with
such general concurrence that even the yeas and
nays were not called on it.
Mr. STANTON. They were called.
Mr. LETCHER. AVhat was the vote ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 know that I made a speech
against it; and I know that I voted against it.
Mr. LETCHER. I know that my friend was
in a lean minority of fhe Committee on Military
Affaus on that bill. I do not think that he then
cariied his party with him; and certainly, if there
13 any man in this House who can carry his party
followers, by tiie foice of his intellect, he JS the
man. No man deservedly wields more power
with his paitv m this House than he does. If
he could not' save his own Household oil that
j! occasion, if they indorsed this policy of the Ad-
: ministration m defiance of his wishes and advice,
:: how is it that he undeitakes here, months after-
! i wards, to artaign the Administration for a policy
II which his friends indorsed?
But my friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
ij undertakes to arraign the Committee of Ways
,1 and Means on the same ground that has been
li taken ever since this session opened. He says
I! that we are m the habit of reporting bills in con-
