1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill to provide
for the continuance of the Delaware breakwater
as a coast harbor of refuge: which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORT ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. WHITELEY aslted leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there be punted for the use of the mem-
bers of the House, one hundred thousand extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Patents on agriculture,
for the vear 1656, together with the plates; of winch num-
ber, six thousand copies shall be for the use of the Patent
OJfice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That Robert C. Wright, the husband of the only
surviving daughter and heir of the memorialist, have leave
to withdraw the papers in the case of Samuel T. Anderson,
in order that the application may be filed before the Couit
of Claims, copies or'the same being retained in the Clerk's
office.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have that
resolution amended so that the Clerk of the House
may transfer the papers to the Secretary of the
Court of Claims, instead of letting them be with-
drawn by the memorialist.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It is discre-
tionary with the representatives of the memorial-
ist whether they will make an application to the
Court of Claims. This is a mere proposition to
withdraw papers, and they can dispose of them
afterward as they may deem proper. It is pro-
vided in the resolution that copies be retained.
The representatives may not think proper to make
the application.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; but if they do
think proper to make it, I want to have the papers
regularly transferred, and copies left here.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have no
objection to the modification.
The resolution, as modified by Mr. Letcher,
was adopted.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS.
Mr. CLEMENS offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas, great difficulty has been experienced in piose-
cutions foi depredations on the mails and for other offenses
against the laws of the United States, by reason of the short
period now established by law within winch they can be
punished: Therefore,
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of amending the
thirty-second section of the act of Apt>1 30, 1790, entitled
"An act for the punishment of certain crimes against the
United States," so a* to extend the period within winch an
indictment can be found for offenses not capital, from two
to five years.
OMISSION IN AN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. FAULKNER asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the consideration of the
bill to correct an omission m the enrollment of an act of the
last session, and that the «ame he referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know the
occasion for that resolution. That bill has been
considered in the Committee on Military Affairs,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. 1 should like to know the
reason for its transfer to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. FAULKNER. The bill has been before
the Committee on Military Affairs, and that com-
mittee authorized me to report it to the House.
It was so reported,and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; but it
beinga bill making an appropriation, I thought
it advisable to have it taken from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
understand why the bill is to take that direction.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to it?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, sir; I
object to it.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. LETCHER introduced a bill to establish
a branch of the Mint of the United States at the
city of New York; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
PUBLTC LANDS.
Mr. GOODE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be prepared, for the use of this House,
a tabular statement, exhibiting—
1. The area of each State and Territory of the United
States, expressed in square miles and acres, classifying the
States so as to present the land States in a separate table.
2. The extent of the public domain remaining in each
Stute, expressed in acies.
3. The extent of the public domain alienated by the Gov-
ernment of the United States m each State and Territory;
distinguishing between that sold for valuable consideration,
and that given, granted, ceded, or conveyed for the purposes
of education, public buildings, internal improvements, and
miscellaneous objects.
4. The aggregate sum received by the Government on ac-
count of the sale of the public lands.
5. The aggregate sum paid on account of the debt of the
Revolution.
6. The sums paid to foreign Governments on account of
the purchase of public lands, and to the several States as a
consideration for the deeds of cession ; and on account of
the Yazoo claim, and in extinguishment of Indian titles;
also, the aggregate expense of collecting the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands; also, the aggiegate cost of survey-
ing the public lands.
7. The piesent annual expense of the Indian bureau;
also, the Land bureau; comprehending the officers at the
seat of Government and in the States and Territories.
8. Thenumberot acres conveyed to the Territories, under
the provisions of the laws organizing the territorial govern-
ments, and the number of acres con veyed to the States on
account of the teim*, and by the provisions of the acts of
Congress admitting new States into the Confederacy.
9. The number of acres granted to the States and com-
panies, in alternate sections, for the construction of rail-
loads; and the sumsofmonej received by the Government
from the sales of the reserved alternate sections; also, the
number of acres now held by the Government in the re-
served alternate sections.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know how
much it will cost to get that information ready,
and how much it will cost to have it printed ?
Several Members. It is very important that
we should have it.
The resolution was adopted.
NAVAL BOARD, ETC.
Mr. EOCOCK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That Senate resolution No. 3, and also Senate
resolution No. 4, be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on Naval Afiairs.
The resolutions were taken from the Speaker's
table, read severally a first and second time by
their titles, as follows, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs:
A resolution (S. No. 3) to extend and define
the authority of the President, under the act ap-
proved January 1G, 1857, entitled " An act to
amend art act entitled 4 An act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy in respect to dioppedand
retired officers.J "
A resolution (S. No. 4) to extend the opera-
tion of the act approved January 16,1857, entitled
st An act to amend an act entitled 4 An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy.' "
COLONIZATION MEETING.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Colonization Society be allowed the
use of the old Hall of the House of Representatives on the
19th instant.
Mr. KEITT objected.
POST ROUTE AGENTS.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted the following res-
olution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on ihe Po*t Office and
Tost Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a hill to increase and equalize the compensation
of route agents m the service ol the Post Office Depart-
ment.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the consent
of the House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the yelect committee to investigate and
report upon the cost of tlie public printing, &c., and the
changes m the laws now regulating the same, be authorized
to employ a clerk at a compensation not exceeding four
dollars per day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that resolution debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to it, because I want
the report of thatvcommittee. I supposed wc
would have had it before now.
CORRECTION OP AN OMISSION. .
Mr.FAULKNER. I offer my resolution again.
I understand that the gentleman who made ob-
jection will withdraw it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the consideration of die
bill to correct an omission in the enrollment of an act of
the last session, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr, STANTON. I do not understand what is
to be gained by the gentleman's proposition, and
therefore object to it.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. WINSLOW submitted the following res-
olution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands fe in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending tlie
bounty land acts as to allow the widow or surviving chil-
dren or heirs-at-law of applicants for bounty land who have
died before receiving certificates entitling them to such
bounty land, in all cases where the pi oof was made perfect
before the applicants died, and the warrants not issued in
consequence of delay in the Pension Office, to receive such
warrant? as if no delay had occurred; and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. BRANCH introduced a joint resolution to
establish a national foundery in Deep river valley,
North Carolina; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs,
MAP OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BRANCH submitted the following reso-
lution:
Rcsolocd, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of repealing the resolution passed ou
the 4th of May, 1848, directing the Clerk to procure a map
of the public lauds in each State, and directing that said
maps be revised and extended after each session of Con-
gress.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, objected.
ABOLITION OP PRIVATEERING, ETC.
Mr. KEITT offered tlie following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to fur-
nish tlie House with a copy of all correspondence not yet
published, between the United States and the Government
of France, including that of our Minister at the Court of
France, upon the subject of the abolition of privateering,
and the exemption of private property from captiue lipou
the high seas.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. MILES asked the consent of the House to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That nine thousand copies of the Coast Survey
report be printed for the use of this House, and for distribu-
tion by the Coast Survey office.
Mr. BURROUGHS objected.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BLYTHE ISLAND, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD introduced a bill to amend an
act authorizing the establishment of a navy depot
on Blythe Island, at Brunswick, on the coast of
Georgia, and for other purposes, approved Janu-
ary 28, 1857, and to make further appropria-
tions to prosecute said object, and make such im-
provements as are necessary for the repair and
construction of vessels of war: which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a bill to provide for the erection and con-
struction of suitable fortifications for the protec-
tion of the harbor of Brunswick, and to appror
priate money therefor; which was read a first ana
second time, and referred to the Committee oil
Military Affairs.
NEW POST ROUTES IN GEORGIA.
Mr. GARTRELL introduced a bill to establish
certain post routes in the State of Georgia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BOUNTV LAND TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. TRIPP introduced a bill to add a section
to the act entitled " An act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty lands to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved May 14,
3856; which was road a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MAPS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CRAWFORD introduced the following
resolution'
Resolved, That the Commuter ouFubiic T^auds inquire
