2436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
formity with the estimates which come down to
us from the other end of the avenue; that we do
not look into these estimates, that we do not in-
quire about them, that we are willing to take their
say so and conform our action to it, and report
accordingly to this House.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do not want my
frienci from Virginia to misinterpret what I said.
I said, from the burden of business thrown upon
them by the House, that they could not properly
attend to it. I think that the Committee of Ways
and Means are always willing to perform their
duty.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the result is exactly
this: we have not done our duty. It comes down
to that point—that we have not done our duty;
because, he says, we have not had time. I take
it that my friend from Ohio can lay his finger upon
some one recommendation from the Committee
of Ways and Means which is not warranted by
the law. What one does he name?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. My remark was
not that they reported wh.it is not warranted by
law; that was not it; but that they did not cut
down the appropriations. The appropriations are
at the pleasure of the House, and they may be
cut down at any time. We may reduce, by a
single stroke of the pen, the expenses of this Gov-
ernment $20,000,000, if we choose. The appro-
priations can be cut down in various ways. I
could suggest to the gentleman many places where
there might be a reduction. If it is the pleasure
of the committee, I have no doubt that, by lop-
ping off a number of contingencies and miscella-
neous itpms, we might reduce the appropriations
for the Government nearly ten million dollars. 1
had prepared a table of contingencies winch I can
furnish the gentleman with.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us see what we have
done when we have undertaken to make lecom-
mendations. My friend will admit that, where
the law fixes the amount, we are bound to eon-
form to that amount in the bill. That, I take it,
he will assent to. 1 refer to salaries and sneh
matters, where a definite amount is fixed by law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The committee
has reported a bill appropriating ^4,000,000 for
collecting the revenue. 1 have shown that here
it has increased the number of officers over live
hundred. If the committee has the power to in-
crease, it has the power to decrease. One implies
the other. Why, then, did it not appiopriute
$3,000,000 or $2,000,000, instead of #4,000,000?
And why were not specific items given to us,
so that we might be able to tell which of those
amounts ought to lie appropriated 5 Why, m tins
season of want, when loan bills are the older of
the day, ask the House to appropriate more than
was ever before appropriated for this object' Is
it because the committee has not time to sift the
matter as it should be sifted, and as it would have
been if it had been sent to some other committee
having charge of this distinct mutter > i believe,
for instance, that if this Army appropriation bill
had been referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, which is composed of gentlemen familiar
with the details of the A rmy, that they could have
cut it down, when the Committee of Ways and
Moans, who aic civilians, and notsoldiors, would
not know whether the appropriations were abso-
lutely necessary or not.
Mr. LETCHER. If the bill was improperly
referred, whose fault was that?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do not blame the
committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Do not the rules of the
House require that it should go there, and did it
not go there in obedience to those rules?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do not blame
the Committee of Ways and Means. I make that
disclaimer again. I said that it was one of the
neglects of this House in failing to make the rules
so that the business would be divided properly
amongst the appropiiate committees.
Mr. LETCHER. That is another question
altogether. My friend has been arraigning, not
the House, but the President for executive dicta-
tion; for controlling his men m this body, and
bringing them up to the sciatch in behalf of ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I must be allowed
to say in this connection that I did not mention
the Committee of Ways and Means, except in so
far as the lemark went, that the House has neg-
lected its duty in not referring its business to the
several appropriate committees.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; if the thing de-
volves upon the House of Representatives, let the
evil be corrected by the House; but do not make
it the subject of complaint against the Administra-
tion.
But my friend has a good deal to say about ex-
ecutive dictation. I do not know who is under the
influence of that dictation here. I do not know
what the Executive has undertaken to do to con-
trol the party. But I can give him an incident in
the history of a party in this country in regard to
executive dictation, that is without a parallel, so
far as I know, in the history of another party in
this land. There was a time, some sixteen or
seventeen years ago, when the party with which
I never have been connected was in power, and
had control of both branches of Congress. Mr.
Tyler was President of the United States. After
he had vetoed one or two bank bills, the party in
both branches met in caucus, and appointed a
committee to wait upon him and pledge them-
selves that, if he would furnish his views in the
shape of a bill, they would pass the bill so ap-
proved , without the crossing of a " t" or the dot-
tingofan " i." It was done,and theyclaimcd that
John Tyler had betrayed them, because he would
not sign the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. At the time of that
enormous delinquency, President Tyler did not
belong to any party, and, so far ns lam con-
cerned, I might plead that lie was in the minority
on that occasion. He belonged to no party but
his own, and that was a very small bantling.
Mr. LETCHER. Well then, Mr. Chairman,
it was so much the worse, that a great party at
that day, who had control of both branches of Con-
gress should have been willing to place themselves
under the control of a gentleman, who, they now
say, had not power enough to muster a party.
Then* would have been some excuse for the other
side if ho had been then own pai ty leader, and
there had been some difference of opinion which
they wished to harmonize and reconcile. When
my friend from Ohio can find such an instance as
that m the histoiy of the Democratic party,where
they have gone to the President ot the United
States with a bill m hand, and asked him to place
it in such a form as would meet his favor and ap-
pioval, and then pledge themselves to pass it, and
have come back and passed it in that shape, he
may, with propriety, arraign us for bowing at the
footstool of power to learn the executive will; but
until it can be found, let them at least take care
of then- own household and not arraign others.
It is proper to say that Mr. Tyler denied that he
had agreed to approve the bill that was passed.
And now, let me come a little further down in
the occurrences of this session, when the great
paityupon the other side of the House smivn-
dered to a small party upon this side of the House
upon the Kansas question. Sir, as I understand
it, that i^reat party did not claim, that, in voting
for t ho (Jnf tendon-Montgomery amend went, they
were canymg out their own pnu-uples upon that
subject; but that they made a surrender for the
purpose of securing harmony, and preferred that
bill in order that they might command the power
to overthrow the iJemoeiutic party.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. J will say to the
gentleman trom Vugnua, that so fai as 1 know,
the Republican members voted for the Crittenden-
Montgomery amendment as the only and shortest
way of defeating an attempt, which was being
made by the Admnustiation, to force upon the
people of Kansas a constitution which was re-
jected by thein.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it comes exactly to
the point I have maintained. My friend from
Ohio pleads here, not that the bill contained his
principles or favored his views, but that it was
necessary to make up a power sufficient to crush
the Administration, that induced them to sustain
it. Does not that leave the question exactly where
I placed it? If, then, gentlemen upon the other
side of the House vote from considerations like
those, for the purpose ofcrushing the Democratic
party,! submit to them that it is at least worthy
of their consideration before they arraign us, that
they should purge themselves of that which at-
taches to them under this state of circumstances.
But besides that, let us go to the other end of
the Capitol. What induced them, what brought
the gentleman's friends there to vote for the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery bill? It could not crush the
Administration there. It could not defeat or con-
trol a measure there, and if they voted for it, and
under those circumstances, they have not even
the excuse which is offered by mv friend from
Ohio, in this end of the Capitol, for his vote.
Nov/, there are various other points which I
would like to notice, but I have occupied as much
time upon this occasion as I desire. One single
word moreand Ihavedone. My friend from Ohio,
says it is time reform and retrenchment were be-
gun; that it is high time the doctrine of impeach-
ment was inaugurated for the benefit of the Presi-
dent and other officers who violate the law of
the land. All I have to say is, that so far as I
know, the President of the United States has
respected the law, and has discharged those obli-
gations of duty which he owes to his oath and to the
country which has honored him by an elevation
to this distinguished position; and I have no
doubt he will stand as faithfully by the daw in
time to come, and be as prompt to execute it
whenever occasion arises,as any man m the past
history of the country, who has filled the presi-
dential office. But, if he has violated the law, let
me tell my friend from Ohio, if he wants to begin
impeachment, now is "the acccptcd time." Bring
forward your articles of impeachment. If he has
violated the law in any respect, let the matter be
inquired into, and let him be tried upon that im-
peachment before the country, and if guilty let
him be condemned and driven from office.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. Who will try
him ?
Mr. LEITER. I desire to say a word to the
gentleman from Virginia, i propose to impeach
the President on the Cincinnati platfoim.
Mr. LETCHER. That is a clear paint, I sup-
pose. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEITER. I wish to call attention to the
fifth resolution of the Cincinnati platform, and I
will read it; and then I propose to inquire how it
has been carried out. It is as follows:
'•'rii.it it is the dirv of every branch of the Government
to eniorcc and practice the most ri^ul economj in conduct-
ing our public ai)',nr.;.'1
Mr. LETCHER. Just at that point let me in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio if he knows of
any violation of that part of the platform ?
Mr. LEITER. I do not know that there has
been any rigid economy, or economy of any kind
enforced. The resolution goes on to say:
'* And no moie icvenue onuht to be iai«ed than isrequiied
to dciiuv the ni'cosaiy expenses of the Government, and
for the 5uKiu.1l but cettam extinction ot the public debt."
Mr. LETCHER. Let me inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he did not vote to take the money
out of the Treasury before the last session of Con-
gress closed, and have it deposited with the States?
Mr. LEITER. No! by any means. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. Then you are a rura am in
that flock.
Mr. LEITER. I certainly did not vote for that.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. LEITER. I do not want my friend from
Virginia to escapo from the fifth resolution by
charging back upon me. I want to know what
kind of economy has been used, or what kind of
efforts have been made to reduce the public debt
under this resolution ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not want to escape from
anything in this connection. If my friend will
undertake to designate any one measure of this
Congress which he regards as extravagant and
profligate, and m violation of that resolution, I
should be glad to be informed of it.
Mr. LEITER.. I say theie has been scarcely
an appropriation made here which is not an ex-
aggeration of what we have had before,
j Mr. LETCHER. When my friend has to re-
sort to his memory, and walks over the rccord,
: I think he is in rather a bad way. The record of
: what we have done during this session is before
him; the bills we have passed, the propositions
considered here, the amount of money they in-
volve, and the particular votes given upon both
sides of the House in connection with them; and
if any one of them is in violation of law, if there
has been a profligate or extravagant expenditure
of the public money, it is the easiest and simplest
thing m the world to designate it and hold it up
to the reprobation of the country. I cannot un-
dertake to answer the general charge that lie re-
