1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 80,
The SPEAKER. There are some half a dozen
of tlie standing committees of the House which,
when appointed at the commencement of the first
session run through the entire Congress; but there
are other standing committees, the appointment
of which terminates at each session of Congress.
There is no rule of the House in reference to select
committees. It has been, howfever,-the practice of
the House and the ruling of ih*e predecessors of the
present occupant of the chairthat select committees
are dissolved -at each session of Congress, unless
there is excess authority continuing'them over.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. -Is it not a change
©f the rules to allow t?he committee to report at
any time? There is no rale authorizing a com-
mittee to report at any time.
TheSPEAKBR. Itisachange of rules in that
respect. The pending motion of the gentleman
from Ohio is, that the rules be suspended to intro-
duce thevesohnlon. When the resolution is be-
fore.the House it will require a two-thirds vote to
suspend the rule for the adoption of the resolution
in reference to the privilege allowed to the com-
mittee to report by bill or otherwise, at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will strike out
the provision authorizing the committee to report
at any time, so as to make it acceptable to all sides
of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to inquire
whether the committee is to be clothed with power
to report during the nett session? and whether,
if appointed now, it will not imply its continuance
in session during the recess5
The SPEAKER.' The Chair thinks the com-
mittee would not be dissolved at the expiration of
the session, but there i.s no authority for it to sit
during the recess.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Il us riot intended
that the committee .should sit duunu: the recuss.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This is a prop-
osition to arrange in regard to the manner in which
the next census shall he taken, and as directing '
the attention of the House to the subject 1 do not
see any objection to it.
Mr. M1LLSON. I would like to know whether
Jhis is not anticipating the taking of the census
two years? The act authorizing the taking of the
last census was not passed until the Thmty-First
Congicss. I think the next Congress will be soon
enough to provide for taking the census of 1SG0.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. It makes no
difference; we can have the bill before us for con-
sideration. The taking of the census does require
a good deal of thought to have it taken accurately
and properly. I aee no objection to this resolution.
Mr. M1LLSOX. While we arc anticipating
the time, we are also anticipating the executive
suggestions which the President may deem it his
duty to make when the proper time has arrived.
1 would ask also whether this matter has not been
usually referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
Thf SPKA KER. The bill, during the Thirty-
First Congress, was reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary; but the gentleman will remem-
ber that it was with gieat difficulty the House
passed a bill to get into operation the necessary
machinery before the constitutional term required
the census to he taken.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Yes, sir; and not
only that, but 1 understand that, by the deiay in
passing that bill, the Government lost nearly half
a million of dollars. It is to save expense that I „
now propose to introduce this proposition. I
The question was put on the motion to suspend 1
the rules; and there were, on a division—-ayes 94, !
noes 3G. |
Mr. HUGHES demanded the yeas and nays, j
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the gen- r
tlrman from Ohio, as this is a very important mat- j
ter, to make the committee conswt of beven in- j
stead of five. j
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The more im- j
portant a committee, the fewer the number upon
it should be, if you want it to be a working com- ■
mittee. I
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will give the gen- :
tleman from Tennessee an opportunity to offer his
proposition as an amendment, if'the rules are sus-
pended.
Mr. ATA YNARD. I will move to amend, ihen,
no as to inoiuabo the number to seven, unless the
gentleman from Ohio accepts it.
Ti.e vuis and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were
—yeas 110, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett,
Billinghur&t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Boyce, Bray ton, Bhf-
finton, Burlhigame, $urns, Burroughs, Campbell, Cape,
Chaffee, EzraCla^k, Clmgman, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Coimns, Covode, Cox, Cragin, James Craig, Curtis, Datri-
rell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Dodd, Elliott, English, Fenton, Foley, Foster, tfid-
dings, Gilman, Gilmer, Goocb, Goodwin, Granger, Grpes-
beck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, fficlunan. Hill, Jloard, Horton, Howard,
Kellogg, Kehsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Law-
rence, £each, lamer, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mat-
teson, Maynatd, Morrill, Isaac N. Morns, Freeman II.
Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mott, Nichols, Palmer, .Parker,
Pcttit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Quitman, Reagan,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Iiobbins, Royce, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith. Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwaladei C. Washburn, Isiael Wa>hbmn, Wil-
son, Woodson, Au«iHtus R. Wiight, and Zollicofter—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Burnett,
John B. Clark,Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coining, Burton
Craige, Curry. Davi* ot Indiana, Dimmiek. Dowdell, Faulk-
ner, Floiencc^ Gamett, Gaitrell, Goode. Gieen wood, Gregg,
Hawkins Hopkins, Houston, Hughes Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Gbuiey Jono, Owen Jones
Jacob M. fCunkel, Leidv, Leteher, Samuel S. Marshall,
Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Ntblack, Pendleton,
Peyton, i'helps, Powell, Il<>illv, Kuthn, Savace, Scales,
Aaron Shaw, Ilemy M. Shaw, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
Wairen, Watkias, Wlnteley, Woitcndvke, and John V.
Wright—5H.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Edmundson, was confined to his room by indis-
position, and had been for several d«vs.
Mr. FLORENCE at-ucd ihat Mr. L™y was
detained at home by illness in his family. %
Mr. WORTENDYKE stated that Mr. Hijy-
j.Kit was unable to be in his seat to-day.
fortifications on connecticut river.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ilt>\o/rc>?, Tliaf tin- Committee on MilifaiyAflairs lie tn-
stiucted to unpiuc into the ricv-sMiy and expediency of
electing iortiheatnms at or neai the month of the Connec-
ticut river, and repoit by bill or otluMWise.
enrolled bill.
Alt. PIKE, from the Committe on Enrolled Bills,
reported as truly enrolled an act to create addi-
tional land districts in the State of California, and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
same.
printing and reference of papers.
Mr. LETCHER. I hold in my hand some
papers from the Post Office Department, having
reference to an item in the deficiency bill. I move
that they be printed and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCflER. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Oocock in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the deficiency
bill, on which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Hill] was entitled to the floor.
admission of kansas.
The fol'owmg gentlemen then addressed the
committee on the subject of the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union: Messis. HILL, WADE,
READY, GOOCH, TAYLOR of Louisiana,
OLIN, BENNETT, ami WILSON.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. yANDIDGE obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. MILES,who moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and (he Speaker having
resumed the chair, Air. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of theUnion
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 3Uth of June, 1858, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. "BINGHAM, the
Houjc (at eight o'clock, p. m ) adjourned.
SENATE.
Tuesday, March 30, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. William Pinckney.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in com-
pliance with a resolution of tiie Senate calling for
information respecting the massacre of California
emigrants at the Mountain Meadows in the Ter-
ritory of Utah; which was, on motion of Mr.
Hunter, ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a" report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, information in
relation to prize vessels; which was, on motion
of Mr. Hunter, ordered to Jie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, the report of Lieu-
tenant Beale of his exploration for a wagon road
from Fort Defiance, in New Mexico, to the west-
ern boideis of California; which was, on motion
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate resolutions of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Washington, relative to the construction
of a national railroad across the continent from
the Atlantic States to the Pacific occan; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the represent-
atives of the Religious Society of Friends, in the
State of New York and parts adjacent, remon-
strating against any action whereby the evils of
slaveiy may be extended; which was ordered to
He on the table.
Mr. BRODERICK piesented resolutions of the
Legislature of California in relation to school
lands in the mountainous pai ts of the State; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of the citi-
zens of New York, praying that the public lands
may be granted in farms or lots, free of cost, to
actual settlers only; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the following res-
olution of the Legislature of Wisconsin; which
was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
Joint resolution concerning the admission of Minnesota
into the Union:
Whereas, the people of the Ten ttory of Minnesota were
authorized by an uctof Congress to form a constitution and
State government preparatory to admission into the Union
as one of the United States of America; and wheieaw. in
conformity with the provision ot said act, a constitution has
buen Conned and ratilied by the people of paid Territory,
and Senators and Representatives have been elected to rep-
resent said Slate in the Confess of the United Slates, who
have been hitherto unreasonably denied admission to, and
participation in, the deliberations of Congress: Thereto! e,
Resolved by the Senate and Assembly of the State of IVis-
consin, That duty demands, and justice requires, that Min-
nesota should immediately bo admitted into the Union as
one of the United States of America. That the question of
such admission ought not to he connected with or made to
depend upon the admission or rejection of any othur rft.ne,
oithe organization of any n<nv Teiritory.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing preamble and t ev-
olution be tiansmitted to each of the senators and Kepie-
sentativesfrom Wisconsin in Congress.
f. s. lovell,
Speaker of ike Assembly,
E. D. CAMPBELL,
Lieutenant Governor and President oj the Senate.
Approved, March 24, 1858.
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL.
State of Wisconsin, Secretary's Office, si.
The Secretary of State of the State of Wisconsin does
hereby certify that the foregoing joint resolution has been
compared with the original enrolled copy m this office. «nrt
that the «ame is a true and correct copy thereof, and ot the
i whole of such original.
In witness thereof, I have hereunto set my hand and -if-
r 1 fixed the great s-eal of the Stale, at the capital,
<• J' m Madison, this 93th ot March. \ D. 18.">^.
J. D. KCJGGLES,
Assistant Secretary of State.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered. That the heirs of Colonel William Bond and
Colonel William Douglass have leave to withdraw than pe-
titions and papeis.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Colonel Knac
Shelby be refeired to the Committee on Revolutionary
( Claims.
