1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487
gards everything done here as an exaggeration on
what has been done before. Is it an exagger-
ation to pay your officers of the Government, the
President and heads of Departments, clerks, and
others, the suiveyors of your ]and offices? And
if it is not, is it profligacy and extravagance to
employ men to enable this Government to carry
on its operations and to execute the commissions
within their charge?
Mr. COBB. The-greatest extravagance, I ap-
prehend, that we have been guilty of during the
present Congress, was voting six million acres of
land, without any consideration, for agricultural
purposes.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will absolve me from any such act.
Mr. LETCHER. That vote was altogether
owing to the fact that my friend still has a rem-
nant of his old Democracy loft. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEITER. The indorsement of my De-
mocracy, coming from the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, will not add much to my credit as a Dem-
ociat, I am afraid.
Mr. LETCIIEH. I am \ery sorry for it. If
mv indorsement does not give him credit, I think
he' is in a bad way to get it. [Laughter.]
Mr. LEITER.. I want to come back to my in- ]!
quiry. If economy has been practiced, in what |1
has it been done, when theexpendituies are higher 1'
now than they ever have been, in every depart- I;
ment of the Government? Is that the kind of
economy which we were to have had under the f
fifth lesolution of the Cincinnati platform? And ij
if it hp, why not have informed the people that
you intended, by your economy, to increase the
expenditures in every department of the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. LETCHER. How are our expenditures
made1 ? Are they made by the President, or by the
Departments of the Government, or are they made
by the votes of the representatives of the people
here and in the other wing of the Capitol ? Nov/,
if appropriations are made, and if a portion of one
party votes for them and a portion of the other
party votes for them, and if, m that way, a ma-
jority is acquired, does the gentleman undertake j
to say that the fault lies with the President, and j
not with the members of both bianclies of Con- I
giessr . 1
Mr. LEITER. If these propositions did not '
meet the favor of the Administration, why did not i
the President exercise his veto? :
Mr. LETCHER. There, again, I am very glad j
to hear tin: gentleman. That is good Democratic
doctrine, too. But, suppose that veto had come: ;i
would we not have had the cry raised again that .
the country was threatened with a revolution be- ;
cause the President was seeking to trample down :
the voice of the people, expressed through their J;
Representatives? X:■ v. . 1 say very franklyto the ;
genllemuji— and lie knows that I am not in the
very liberally he,-e; the fact is
and which the Administration men here, this
morning, generally voted against.
Several Democratic Members. I did not vote
against it.
Mr. SEWARD. I am talking about some ex-
treme southern men—those fixed, sedentary Dem-
ocrats, who never do anything, but oppose every-
thing.
Mr. LETCHER. There must be very few of
them in this House, judging from the way my
friends from Ohio, on the other side, talk. They
say we are making a great many improper appro-
priations; but the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Seward,] in consequence of the loss of that navy-
yard down at Brunswick, thinks we are doing a
very limited business.
i Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman voted an ap-
! propriation of $285,800 in "the way of an advance
! to Norfolk, while I only asked $300,000 to con-
i tinue a work at Brunswick.
j Mr. LETCHER. I do not think the navy-yard
j at Brunswick is laid out yet.
: Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is mistaken.
! Mr. LETCHER. Is it staked off and sur-
veyed ?
I Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir, it is surveyed.
Mr. LETCHER. All staked off and surveyed ?
Has the gentleman had any notice from the Navy
Department as to where the buildings are to be
located'
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; a naval officer was
sent down there and reported ; but the misfortune j
is, that the genlleman at the head of the Navy j
Department'has lived so long in Connecticut that
lie is frozen up, and cannot be moved. j
Mr. LETCHER. Where is the report of the
naval ofiieer who was sent dov, n (
Mr. SEWARD. It is in the Navy Depart-
ment; but 1 never go to the Department to hunt
up these ma'ters.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose that, if my friend
had gone to hunt up that report and brought it
here and convinced us that it was right, he would
have stood a very good chance for his §300,000;
but he did not go to look after it, and how was the
House to know how to vote ?
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. There was no tecommendation from
the Navy Department, except in respect to par-
ticular navy-yards, which seem to be the special
favorites of the Navy Department and the Treas-
ury Department and the Administration through-
out.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, Mr.Chairman, I do
| not know how that is. Tne Navy Department
has sent us estimates for the navy-yatds scatteied
all over the country—north, south, east, and
west.
Mr. SEWARD. I give the gentleman notice
that if I get the floor 1 will give my views gener-
ally on the whole subject.
Mr. LETCHER. I am sure I have no objec-
that n"ost of'thcm'thinkTam rather llltheial^ , tion to my friend giving us his views on the sub.
ever a chance offered. I think the I residentmight
very well veto a good deal of what we do lieie,
and I am only sorry that the veto power is not
more frequently exeicised in checking what I
think to be not light legislation. That is my idea
fcib 011 L it.
Mr. SEWAIID. Mr. Chairman  
.Mr. LETCHER. Halloo I you are notcoming
in ? [Lmighlei ]
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman, the objection
that I have go: to the policy of the present Ad-
ministiatioii is this: I want it understood that I
do not belong to that (the Republican) side of the
House: but 1 belong to this side, (the Democratic,)
by the minute or hour, as it may suit, me.
'Mr. LETCHER.. In other words, you are a
sort (Emigratory Democrat. [Laughter.]
Mi. SEWARD. I am a little in that line; and
I think the gentleman [Mr. Letcher] will have
to m .grate soon, or he will find himself m bad
company.
Mr. LETCHER. I mn waiun;
to explain what he is at.
Mr. SEWARD. I was goin;
; for my friend
to say this: at
, evidence of sectional feeling or sectional pi ejudico !
in the recommendations made for our consider- |
atioti; and, sir, it stukes me—if I am not alto- j
' geth.er mistaken—thai then: is still v.70,000 of this
Brunswick appropiiation unexpended.
; Mr. SEWARD. Yes; and that is what I com-
plain of: that the Administration, by refusing to
sptnd that money, while I have been urging them
to do it for twelve months, and applying their
1 veto power to it, have overridden the legislation
' of Congiess.
: Mr. LETCHER. I do not know why the Sec-
rotary of the Navy has acted as my friend siys
e he has; but if he would not spend this $70,000,
! will my friend be good enough to tell me how he
expected to get him to spend this $.300,000 ?
Mr. SEWARD. I wished to put that oil to
' him as a weight to drag him along.
! Mr. LETCHER. Then you were going to
hitch the Treasuiy to him, or hull to the Tieas-
I: "'ilr. SEWARD. God forbid ! The Treasury
has been rui.ied badly enough already, without
hitching it to sn.eli a dead carcass.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I am only surprised
e
One or two words more, and I have done.
Mr. LEITER. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that,
by the interference of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, I have not lost the privilege of having a little
conversation with the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. Go on; I want to know
what it is.
Mr. LEITER. I want the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to specify to this House where the Presi-
dent, or the Administration, or the Democratic
party, have paid any of the public debt ?
Mr. LETCHER. Why, sir., one of the very
grounds of complaint was, that Governor Cobb,
when he came into office, had taken money to
redeem the public debt which he ought to have
reserved for the expenditures of the Administra-
tion. That was the very ground of complaint
when the Treasury-note bill was before us. He
was commended for it in the northern cities, while
it was condemned here in the discussion.
Mr. LEITER.. He did it at just such a pre-
mium as would ruin any man engaged in busi-
ness.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it seems to me that
my friend is going to ruin the Secretary any way.
[Laughter.] When I show him that the point is
not well taken, he still insists that, although the
fact is not as he supposed, yet the Secretary has
done wrong.
Mr. LEITER. I want to designate where I
think money lias been expended to very little pur-
pose. I wish to know wheie the President got
ins authority for declaring war against Utah?
And then 1 wish the gentleman to tell the House
where the President got the authority for the
money which has been expended upon that war?
Mr. LETCHER,. Well, in the first place, the
gentleman and I do not agree in the fact that he
has declared war against Utah.
Mr. LEITER. Well, he has waged war.
Mr. LETCHER. He has done this: when he
sent out Government officers to take charge of
that Territory, he deemed it to be an act of pru-
dence on his part to accompany those Govern-
ment officers with the means of protection and
defense. For the purpose of doing—what? For
the purpose of installing them in their offices, and
of aiding in executing the laws. Is not the gen-
tleman aware of the fact that an application is now
before us from a portion of the people of Utah for
the organization of the Territory of Nevada, on
the ground that the authoi itics of Utah will not
execute the laws, even' for the punishment of the
crime of murder > Then, was it notan act of pru-
dence, of sound judgment, and of proper discre-
tion, on the part of the President, that he should
accompany the officers with the means of seeing
that the laws were executed and fauly carried
out'
Mr. LEITER.. I answer that, so far from it
being an act of prudence, I believe that the Pres-
ident has been misled by designing men, and
when he got his army there  
Mr. LETCHER. So far as that is concerned,
I think the gentleman, if lie knew more about the
President, would agree with me that he is about
as hard to lead as any other piece of humanity ill
this country. [Laughter.] Neither designing men
nor undesigning men could make much headway
in leading him; and I think, from what I have
I seen, it would be a troublesome operation to drive
him.
Mr. LEITER. Is it not a fact, that a private
citizen of the United States went out to the Tcr-
ritoiy and brought about peace—if there was any
trouble—befoie the army got near it?
Mi. LETCHER. I have never heard of it. if
it is, 1 da not know it. The first intimation I have
tl,M iw! of Gointss,Pioi'('V^a3 pppro- ,, — - —
printed to do particula/things: and" 1 allude to a ji tlnu my friend wanted to hitch on two negativ,
matter which was to be done in my own St«Ue, b'odi
had 'that any private citizen was trying to bring
about an arrangement, was what I saw ill the
newspapers about Mr. Ivane, of whom I never
heard before, who, it was stated, had gone there
and had made some arrangement by which Gov-
ei nor Gumming was to enter Salt Lake City and
take charge of'the teriiturial government., but
if, as the D-entlenuu says, the 1 resident sent tne
army there for the purpose of declaring war and
usiie- it offensively, will lie tell mi wny the army
has not been so used when it is upon the ground?
Mr LP,ITER i cannot say, link ss it be fiom
the fact til at the President had not nerve enough
to carry out his design.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 take it that if the Piesi-
dent had nerve enough to call out the Army, and
