1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was
OrSereiU Thai the memorial of James Mjer be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered,That Thomas Q,uantrillhave leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of conferring on the
diM.nct court- ot California, in the investigation of facts re-
lating ro cases pending on appeal f -om the United States
land commission, the powers given to The courts of the
United States by the judieiarj act ot 1769, in legard to the
taking of depositions.
NATIONAL FOUNDERS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inqm'ie info the expediency of es-
tablishing a central national foundery at the city of Alexan-
dria, in Virginia, and report by bill 01 otherwise.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print the report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating Major Emory's report on
the Mexican boundary survey, reported a motion
to print it; and the motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same eommntee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the resolutions of
the Legislature of New Mexico, reported in favor
of it; and the motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, coinmimicatina; information in
relation to officers of the Army absent from duty,
and the cause of such absence, repotted in favor
of the motion; and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the leport of the
Secretary of War, communicating; lists of per-
sonsemployed m the War Department other than
Army officers, teported in favor of the motion;
and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in relation to Go* eminent
vessels ill the f'acitic ocean, and puvate vessels
employed as Government transports, and the an-
nual expense thereof, reported 111 favor of the
motion, and it was agreed to.
fie also, ftoni the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, in relation to sutveysof the
Potomac river in the vicinity of Washington, re-
ported in favor of the motion,and it was agreed to.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
Lawrence Kearney, teported m favoi of the mo-
tion, and it was a^ieed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred amotion to print additional copies of
the report of John Claiborne on the consumption
of cotton in Europe, reported a resolution for
printing five thousand copies, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY , from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
seamen on board the United States steamer Alis-
souri, which was destroj cd by fire at Gibraltar in
J843, praying icntunf ration for the loss of their
clothing, by the burning of that vessel, submitted
an ad vci so report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memomfof
George M. Weston, commissioner of the State
ot Maine, submitted a report, accompanied hy a
bill (S. No. 216) authorizing the payment to the
State of Manm of certain oxperisto a<rre« d to be :
refunded to her by the fifth article of the treaty !
between the United States of America and her ;
Biitannie Majesty, dated the 9f.li day of August,
anno Domini 1642. The bill was iead and passed i
to a second reading, and the report was ordered '
to be printed. 1
Air. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred the petitions of John S. .
Devlin and William R. Brownlc e, submitted ad- ;
veise reports; which were ordered to be printed, j
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 23) for the re-
lief of Robert Dickson, of the Kentucky volun-
teers, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 5G) explanatory of
an act entitled "An act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," approved March
3, 1855, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claim,s,
to whom was referred the petition of Randall Pegg,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate _ Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Cassandra S. Withereil, reported ad-
versely thereon.
Air. 1VERS0N, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Isaac Swam,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the case of Isaac Swain, aud the papers
accompanying tho same, be referied to the Court of Claims5,
to inquire and decide whether the Government of the Uni-
ted States! is legally liable for the amount, or anv part
theieof. recovered agaunt the ship Ellen Bi ooks, or the
owner tii< ieof, m the dinted States di^tuet court for the
noi thern di«ti ict ol Cahioinia, iti the suit of' Raphael Orego
nml otbejs.lihHbnN, m rhe jo.ir ,and torcpoirtoCon-
gress what amount, it anv, <>• ?atd lecovei v, and oft he co>ts,
ehaig<>N, aad <j\peiws m detendoi'j  aul bint, the fluted
States aie legally liable lor and ousjiit to pay said Isaac
Sworn, ownei of >aid ship.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Air. JOHNSON, of Aikansps. The Commit-
tee on Printing have instructed me to leport a
bill (S. No. 21S) amendatory of the act entitled
"An act to provide {'or executing the public print-
ing and establishing the prices thereof, and for
other purposes," appioved August 2G, lo,"e2. I
wish to call the attention of Senators to it, as at .
the very earliest possible day I shall ask that it be !
|j acted on. The printing laws are very defective, j
d All that the knowledge of the Superintendent and '■
| his office has been able to give us, and all the ex- j
j peuence we have had ourselves by several years' i
I service, and all the information we can get from
i the accounting officers, have been availed of in i
| drawing this bill to perfect these laws.
,1 Piie bill was read a first time, and oidered to a
/ second leading.
'I HILL LVTUODUCED, !
|j Air. FITZPATRIOX asked, and by unani- j
0 minis consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 217) to constitute Montgomery, m the j
; State of Alabama, a port of delivery; Vv'luch was
j rend twice }>y us title, and leteiied to the Com- i
1 miltee, on Commerce. 1
I LANDS FOR THE WASHINGTON AQ.URIVJCT. !
j Mr. BROWN. I ask the indulge,e of the I
] Senate to call up the bi'l (S. No. 17G) to acquire
j certain lands needed for tho Washington aque- ;
j duct m the District of Columbn. it is one in ;
j winch the Government is very much interested. !
! It is necessary, in order to condemn certain lands !
: for the purpose of -riving: the right of way m this I
District for the aqueduct. The superintendent |
j informs me that the woik is virtually suspended j
' for the want ot this condemnation. There is no '
: other way of getting rh<* hind, except by passing ;
| an act of Confess; aud I suppose tho bill v.'ill give j
j rise to no debate. 1 move to take it up. \
i The motion was agreed to: and the Senate pro- I
l ccedod, as m Committee of the Whole, to consider
I tho bill
'• The bill, originally introduced by Mr. Bn.ow.sr
! on the ~d of March, was referred to the Comnnt-
| tee on the District of Columbia. It was reported
I back by that committee on the 8th of March,
| with several amendments, the first of which was,
! in lines nine and ten of the first section, to strike
! oat the words " justice of the peace of the said
: Distnet, in which <uch land «hall be, the saidjus-
i tice of the peace,'3 a:ul insert "judge of the cir-
i euit court of said District, the said judge," so as
to read, tfc on application to a judge of the circuit
court of said District, the said judge shall issue ins
warrant," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was,mihe thiitecnth line,
to strike out -* eighteen,'' and insert " twelve,'5 so
as to read," the said judge shell issue his warrant,
under his hand, to the marshal of the said District,
to summon a jury of twelve inhabitants," &c.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the com-
mittee, on reconsideration, toa.sk leave to with-
draw that amendment.
Leave was granted; and the amendment was
withdrawn.
The next amendment was, in line seventeen, to
insert after the word " thereafter," the words
" notice of the time and place of said meeting
being given to the owners of such land, or to their
legal representatives."
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed to move to
amend that amendment by adding to it, " in per-
son, if that be practicable; and if not, by publica-
tion in some Washington city newspaper daily
for two weeks."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
lines twenty-two and twenty-three, to strike out
after " juryman" the words " who shall appear,
being not less than twelve m number."
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed to ask leave
to withdraw that amendment.
Leave was granted.
The next amendment, which was, inline twenty-
five, after the word " temporary." to insert the
words " or permanent," was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to strike out in lines
thirty and thirty-one, the words "some twelve
or more of the jury," and insert "each of tho
said jury," so as to make the clause read, " th
inquisition thereupon taken shall be signed by
tho marshal and each of the said jury."
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend that amend-
ment. by striking out the woid "each" and in-
serting *' four fifths."
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment, which was. in hue thirty-
five. to strike out "session" and insert " term,"
was agreed to; so as to make the clause reed,
" affirmed by the court at its first term after saui
return."
The next amendment was, in line thirty-seven,
to strike out the words "a reasonable time,"and
| insert "one month," so as to make the clause
| read, " if, from any cause, no inquisition shall be
] returned to such court within one month, the said
j court ot its discretion, as often as may be neces-
! sary, may direct another inquisition to be taken."
| Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the amend-
j ment by adding, after " month," the words " after
1 the commencement of the next ensuing term."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and theamnndmont,as amended, was adopted.
Mr. DROWN. I move to add, at the end of
the f rst scction, the following proviso:
J)rovii,c\ That the work --hall not he cklayod pernio:': any
r-tieh pioeeednisi in court, hut the same j-hal! he continued
v. Jihout ob-tmetion thereby alter the inquisition shall be
returned to the eomt.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tee preamble and first section, as amended, are
as follows:
Wiierea-j, it i? iepre«enterl that the works of the Wash-
ington aqueduct,-in the District of Columbia, aie delayed
in consequence ot the proprietor*5 refusal, m some ease4?, to
s-cll Und-5 reqmied lor its construction at reasonable puces-,
and because, m other cases, the tide to the said /amis isim-
periect, or is vested in minors, or persons non compos m<'n-
lit. or m a Jeiac cooeit, oi out'of the Dibtriot o.1 (Columbia;
and whereas, it neces&ary lor the making ot the s-aiu aque-
duct. re^ervoiia, dams, ponds', feedeis>, and other w^-rk.-, mat
a provision tiiould be made for eondeiinini^ a quantity of
land ,'or the purpose : Thcietoie,
Be enacted hy the Senate, and Howe of Reprc-.fn'oii> cs
of Ihe United of AmrrK'a in Conqres? aaemhie<t ,That
it sh-n1 and ni.ty be lawful for the United States, «>: it-J ap-
prove- jivreru, to amee with the owueis oi ony land m tue
})i>inet of Columbia, tlnough which said aqueduct m-
tcndi d t.. lor tho puiehaVi* oi use and o<.cupatu,e t;ie>e-
of; und in ea&o ol di^ayieemoet, in case the owner there-
of shall be a feme cocetl, under aire, non compos, or out of
the District of Columbia, on application to a judjre of tlie (ir-
cuitcoui t ofi-aul Di-tuet. the ta:d judue ^h.ul i--u< war-
rant. undei his hand, to the ma^liul ol tho s;od Di-rr.ct to
Kiiiij.ion a jmy ot eighteen inhabitants of *aid DiMi.ct not
related to tlie pa!tu\-, nor hi any mannei imcie?ted. me< t
on the land to be valued, at a day to be expre^^^d m the
war rant, not los than ten nor more than twentv day? tnere-
a'u i, notice of the time end place oi'&aid meeting he, ni nr.-c
given to the owners of -,uch laud or to then legal repn^euta-
tivo-. i,i p  r>oii, it t'n it Ho practicable, and il not. by jnibli-
cat:o!i m rt'omo Wadnnstoii city newspaper, daily. fo« two
v,iMk--; and the mat.-hal, upon leeeiving the said wenant,
i-iudi i'orthwuh summon the said jury, and, when au't. fiiall
ad aim liter a«i oatii or affirmation toeVeryjuiyman who shall
appear, being not le^s than twelve m number, riiatiie will
laithfuny, justly, and iinpaitiallv value the land, nil
d!UT)-j<j,y5 trie owner thereof shall 3U?uin't bycutf)?!gfil«ft#ie~
