THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
. Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to the res-
olution.
" Mr. RUFFIN. I move to suspend, the rules,
so that the resolution may be introduced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
that motion until the order of the House shall
have been executed in the call of the States and
Territories.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The only objection
I have is to the latter part of the resolution. I
have nothing to say against the first part.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do.
Mr. MASON. Would it be in order to offer a
resolution to dissolve the Committee on Accounts,
and leave the House to settle this business? Wc
need the authority asked, such is the pressure of
claimants upon us. I would rather resign my seat
in the House than continue to serve on a com-
mittee which is treated as we have been hereto-
fore.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES-
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER introduced a bill to regu-
late and make uniform the right of suffrage in the
Territories of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
TARRENCE KIRBY.
Mr. READY introduced a bill for the relief of
Tarrence Kirby, of Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ATKINS introduced a joint resolution di-
rectory to the Secretary of War; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
CLERKS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, Thf\l the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of
increasing the compensation now allowed to the clerks of
the circuit and distnot couits ot the United States; and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STANTON objected
IMMIGRATION OF FOREIGN PAUPERS.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tile Committee on the Jinliciury be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repotting a I): 11
to regulate and restrain the immigration or importation into
the united States of joruign paupers and criminate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
ami nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 37; as follows:
V r.AS—Messrs. Abbott, Admin, Anderson, Andrews,
Atkins, Avery, Bennett, Bingham, Bococfc, Royce, Hranch,
Bray ton) Bryan, Butlinton, Burhngawic, Burnett, Bum-*,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Caskie, Chaffee, Kzra ("lark,
dawson, Clemens, Chngman, Colfax, Conims, Covode,
Ciagin, James Craig, Crawfoid, Curiy, Curtis, Damiell,
Pavis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dnrfee, Cd-
inundson, English, Euslis, Faulkner, Foley, Foster,Garti ell,
Oilman, Uilmer, Goodwin, Gianger, Greenwood, Gregg,
Grow, llobeit B. Hal!, Harlan,Thomas L. Darn*, Hickman,
Ilopkms, Horton, Houston, Ilowaid, IJuyler, Jackson,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Loiter, McQueen,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel >S. Marshall, Maynaid, Mill-
ion, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Edwaut Joy Morris, Fieeman
IS. Moise, Molt, Munay, Ohii, Palmer, Paiker, Petut, Pey-
ton, Pike, Pottle, Ptnvell, Purviance, Quitman, Ready,
Reagan, Ricaud, Robbing Robert?, Koyoe, Kuffm, Sandirige,
Savage, Scales, Scott, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Smgleton,William
fcjmiih, Sranfoo, Stevenson, James A. Stewau, William
Stcwait, Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tomnkms, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Warren,Eihhu B. Washbume, Watkms, Wilson,
Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, and ZoIlicolYer—13Q.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Blair, Bowie, Horace F.
Clark, John B. Clark, Clay,CIaik B. Cochiane, John Coch-
rane, Cockenll, Cox, Davidson, Dovvdell, Florence, Gul-
dmgs, Groesbeclc, Lawrence W. Hall. Hatch, Hughes,
George W. Jones, J. Gluncy Jones, Kelly. Lawrence,
Leidy, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mason, Aronfgoinery,
Isaac N. Alojris, Ohvei A. Moise, Pendleton, Phelps, Pot-
ter, Rus-ell, Stephen's. Cad walader 0. Washburno, Augus-
tus It. Wright, and John V. Wright—37.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WARREN said: regarding this as simply
a resolution of inquiry, I vote "ay," reserving
to myself the right to act on the report of the
committee as my judgment may dictate.
Mr. PHELPS said: Congress has no power to
prohibit the introduction of immigrants, and I
therefore vote "No."
Mr. DEWART stated that if he had been with-
in the bar when his name was called, he would
have voted " No."
Mr. WHITELEY stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
would have voted "No."
SALES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of repealing ail laws
requiring the public lands to be offered at public sale; and
also all laws subjecting the public lands to sale by general
private entry, after having been offered at public sale j and
of providing by law for the sale of public lands to actual
settlers and cultivators in only limited parcels, and at a
price not exceeding the actual cost of the same.
Mr. WINSLOW, (at ten minutes to four, p.
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Thp motion was not agreed to.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. ENGLISH asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing for a
reduction of the tolls upon the Louisville and l'ortland
Canal; and also to inquire what further legislation, if any,
is necessary to sccure the interest of the United States in
said canal.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, objected.
POST OFFICE, ETC., AT NEW ALBANY.
Mr. ENGLISH asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on thpPo«t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the erection of a building for a post office and cus-
tom-house at the city of New Albany, m the State of Indi-
ana ; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. PETTIT introduced a bill to repeal the
twenty-first section of an act entitled " An act to
leguhite the diplomatic and consular system of
the United States;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
HARBOR OF REFUGE AT MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. COLFAX introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for continuing the improvement of a
harbor of refuge and commerce, at Michigan City,
on Lake Michigan, and for the construction of a
breakwater thereat; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
CONDUCT OF LATE DOORKEEPER.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed by
the {Speaker, to mqmie into the acts and otfieial conduct of
the late Doorkeeper of'the House, with power to f-end foi per-
sons and papers, and to report at any lime.
CITIZENSHIP OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which way read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he di-
rected to inquire if any, and what, further legislation, by
Congress, may he pioper to define what act1- shall or shall
not be an e^p.ituationor&cveianee of allegiance on the part
of citizens ot the United States ; and al«o what provision of
law ought to he made forieinvesting with citizenship such
i persons born in the [Jmted States as may have assumed al-
legiance or citizenship to any foieign Government.
LUCIAN H. ADAMS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, introduced a bill for
the relief of Lucian R. Adams, surviving executor
of Jane Adams, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
CENSUS OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the House whether the census of the Teintory of
Minnesota has been taken, m accoidauce with a provision
of the fourth section of the act of Congress providing for the
admission of Minnesota as a State, appiovcd Febiuary 26.
1857; and if said census has been taken and returned tohim
or any department of the Government, to communicate the
same to this House; and if the said census has not been so
taken and returned, to state the reasons, if any exist, to his
knowledge, why it has not been done.
HARBOR OP WAUKEGAN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill for continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Waukegan,Jllinois; which wasreadafirstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
ROCK ISLAND RAPIDS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also intro-
duced a bill for continuing the improvements in
the Rock Island rapids, in the Mississippi river;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC., AT ALTON.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for erecting a building in the city of Alton,
State of Illinois, for a custom-house and post
office; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
APPORTIONMENT OF CLERICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, introduced a bill to
apportion the clerks and messengers of the sev-
eral Departments of the United States Government
in the city of Washington among the several
States and Territories and the District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would move, as all
the committees are loaded with business, to refer
this bill to a select committee of five.
Mr. HOUSTON. Are there members enough
now to make up any more special committees?
Mr. SMITH,of Illinois. We will find enough,
I think.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
amend the resolution so as to include all the ex-
ecutive offices in the States and Territories.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House for amendment—only for reference.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I would inform my
friend from Virginia that the bill provides for
aoportiomng the clerks among all the States and
Territories of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. Is a motion to lay on the
table in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Then I call for the
yeas and nays. I would say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I have no preference for a select
committee. If there is any committee of the
House that will take the bill in charge, and inves-
tigate it and report, my object will be accom-
plished.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask that the bill be read
for information.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. This is an
important bill, and as it is late and the House
thin, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to inter-
rupt the business, and if no other member wishes
the bill read, I withdraw my request.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have the bill read.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
the clerks and messengers in the public Depart-
ments in the city of Washington shall be appor-
tioned amongst the several States and Territories,
the District of Columbia taken as one congres-
sional district for that purpose, in proportion to
the representation in the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid upon the table, and oil that motion call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I am willing thatthe
bill shall go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
in order to sec whether it conflicts with the Con-
stitution or not.
Mr. HAPv-RIS, of Illinois, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays,
