2438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
send it across the plains to Utah, in violation of
law, and in violation of his official duty, as the
gentleman says ho did, he would have had nerve
•nough to give the order to fire the guns when
the people set themselves up in opposition to the
laws.
Mr. LEITER. They did not get within range
of firing guns at all. Everything was peaceful
and quiet.
Mr. LETCHER. They could have been within
range if they had chosen to go.
Mr. LEITER, I desire to ask the gentleman
another question.
Mr. LETCHER. Be quick, then; it must be
the last. How much time have I, Mr. Chair-
man ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has five
minutes.
Mr. LEITER. If the gentleman has only five
minutes left, I will not interrupt him.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] undertook to make another point
on the Administration in the way of extravagance.
He referred to the custom-house at New Orleans,
and said that it was sinking, and had been built
where it probably could not stand. I concur in
that opinion; and I can say, as the gentleman
knows, and as every gentleman hero peihaps
knows, that 1 have been opposed to these appro-
priations for custom-houses ever since I came to
Congress. But if the Now Orleans custom-house
is chargeable to anybody, go back and put the
blame upon the Administration that preceded Gen-
eral Pierce's, under which the work was staited,
and under which your policy of building custom-
houses began. The work was commenced then;
and ever since that time they have been calling
for additional appropriations,and telling us that,
if we do not make them, every dollar which has
been heretofore applied to make the works avail-
able and useful will ho thrown awny.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find that the custom-house at New Orleans
was commenced under the administration of Pres-
ident Polk. The first law was passed in 1848.
Mr. LETCHER. The work was commenced
in 1850 or 1851, and Mr. Polk wont out m March,
1840.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 would say to the
gentleman that thore was a Democratic majority
in both brunches of Congress in 1850.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. And there has
been ever since, except in the Mouse during the
last Congres.s.
Mr. LETCHER. Well,now, let us see. There
are some custom-houses up m Maine. [Laugh-
ter.] And I would remind my Inend over there
that he probably voted for some of them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. Then my honorable friend
from Ohio 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia yield to mo for a moment ?
Mr. LETCHER. For a single moment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As the gentle-
man from Virginia has alluded to Maine, he will
allow me to say, that while his party friends were
asking very large appropriations for custom-
houses in his part of the country; for instance, for
a custom-house in New Orleans, which we are
told is to cost $4,000,000; for one in Charleston
to cost over two millions, and for other places in
the sntne proportion; I believe that some two or
three appropriations of #20,000 and $50,000 each
wr-re made for custom-houses in Maine. The
gentleman has inquired who are responsible for
the vast appropriations which have been made for
the last few years, and seems to be in pursuit of
knowledge under apparent difficulties, and 1 will
endeavor to enlighten him, if he will permit mo,
by stating that his party hay been m the majority
m both branches of Congress for ten yeais past,
unless he would except the last two, when the
balance of power was held in the House of Rep-
resentatives by the American party. 11 was during
the ascendency of his party in both Mouses, that
such measures as the Texas gi atuitv of ^3,500,000,
and theGadsden treaty, requiring$10,000,000,for
a patch of land which Colonel lienton sa'd was
of the value of but a few thousand, wore passed
by the votes of his party, including, I believe,
the gentleman's own vote; and I would remind
him that at the present session they have passed
a deficiency bill for some eleven million dol'atv,
over five of which were for the Utah war—a war
made by the President without the shadow of
authority; and now, that the people are called on
to foot the bills, he asks who it is that have caused
these enormous appropriations? These are speci-
mens of the instances I could cite, if time, or the
consent of the other side of the House, would
permit.
Mr. LETCHER. There is this material dif-
ference between New Orleans and Charleston, and
those places in Maine—at the former the revenue
collected exceeds the expenses of collecting it, but
that is not the case in the latter. Now, if the Dem-
ocratic party did wrong in voting for these things
heretofore, why did not the gentleman from Maine
set us an example m the last Congress by voting
against them ? Why did he vote as (as he says)
the Democratic party in Congress had voted be-
fore ? Why did the gentleman vote for these
measures, when I and other gentlemen on this
side of the House weie fighting against them, and
using whatever influence we had to defeat them?
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not detain the com-
mittee long. I desire to say what 1 have to say,
briefly and pointedly.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man give way to allow me to move that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of terminating debate
upon this bill in one hour?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has no claims upon my courtesy,
and I grant none.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to consider to some
extent the present policy of this Administration,
and, in the same connection, to review, to some
extent, a portion of the legislation of the piesent
session of Congress, and to show that the South
itself, which always complains, through certain
of her Representatives here, of oppression and
injustice, is untrue to herself, and is pursuing a pol-
icy ruinous to her prospects, ruinous to her com-
merce, and detrimental to her agricultural inter-
ests. There are a certain class of gentlemen from
the South who always profess to economize, and
who oppose everything; who, m face of the fact
that gentlemen of the North have the numerical
strength,and yet,upon appropriations, are always
fair to us, come so strongly up to oppose the in-
terests of the South.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to call the atten-
tion of southern gentlemen to the character and
pohcy of their votes, this morning, affecting the
navy-yard in my own district, at Brunswick,
Geurgia, established by the last Congress. It will
bo ipmembeied that 1 asked for an appropriation
of $!K)0,0(H) to continue the works contemplated
by the act of 1857, establishing a navy-yard there.
The objection raised was that the woik had been
abandoned. Now, lotus sec bowgcntlem-'U stand
upon the record. 1 lore are the appropriations for
the ropnii-K and improvements of navy-yards, con-
tained m this bill:
Port-mouth  
Bo-ton       
New Yoik  
Pluliutel plu.j  9: ,314
Wa-hi)!L;ion  M.I 01)
Norfolk  2ft) *01
Peiir-aeohi 
MateV Maud,    iiO"},97i
To Ml   2,68a
Now, I call the attention of the House to this
appropriation for Norfolk; and vet I believe every
member of the Virginia delegation, with two
exceptions, voted against the appropriation of
#300,000 for Brunswick. The entire amount ap-
propriated in this bill tor repairs, (fee., of navy-
yards at other points is something over one mil-
lion five hundred and seventy-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-two dollars; and yet gentle-
men are not willing that even <300,000 should be
appropriated to continue this woik.
Now, -sir, why do I complain of the Adminis-
tration p Sir, with the great respect which I have
for the Secretary of the Treasury—and he is a
man whom 1 like, a man of ability—I say that
his pohcy, either from wrong opinions, or from
Slaving bad advisers around him, is one, in my
opinion, (though,lam satisfied, not designed by
him,) tending to crush out the mtuiest of the
South, and of the State from whence he comes.
I stated just now that the Administration, by re-
fusing to make application of the money appro-
| priated by the last Congress, in carrying out the
j munificent measure of legislation to which I have
alluded, served effectually to strike down the in-
terests of the South. What does Mr. Secretary
Cobb say in a recent letter addressed to this
House, asking a loan of $15,000,000 ? He speaks
of the exhausted condition of theTreasury. Now,
suppose the money had been appropriated that
was in the Treasury on the incoming of this Ad-
ministration—a surplus of $17,000,000—to these
works provided for, not only at Brunswick, but
the several court-houses and post offices which
were authorized to be built in the southern States ?
There was money enough in the Treasury at that
time to have completed the whole of them. I
think the estimate for the present year was only
a little over one million dollars. That money
should have been reserved, and appropriated
faithfully to the purposes designated by Congress
in its legislation. But the money is gone now,
and when you call on one of these Departments,
and ask for the prosecution of these works, you
are told there is no money, and the work cannot
progress. But, when they come to make rec-
ommendations for other portions of the Union
besides my own State, they can recommend
$1,500,000 for repairs of navy-yards, while they
cannot carry out and expend even the little ap-
propriation made in the last Congress to continue
the work in my State. Sir, I have the right to
complain. I never go to the Department to ask
what I shall do.
Now, then, having disposed of my objections
| to the Administration in that regard, I come down
; to the policy of this House to show the injustice
of its oiganization. While I say it with all due
respect to gentlemen occupying a high seat upon
this floor, yet, Mr. Chairman, ifrom the time Con-
gress became organized, from the election of your
Speaker, the great object of inquiry was to know
how much political power could be brought to
bear to favor the Administration in power. Men
wore selected for prominent places on your com-
mittees with regard to their political strength in
the country, and selecting them from groat polit-
ical centers. Sir, you can have no healthy legis-
lation while such things aie continued. Your
Government has become morbid and diseased, if
not entirely rotten. Why, sir, it is known that
a few men in this House have the entire control
of Us legislation, and until some power of dis-
turbance arises; until the other memheis of the
EIousso will resist this kind of arrangement, and
break it down, they can never have legislation
that will be such as it ought to be. Why, sir, the
committees are raised for the purpose of carrying
out the will of the Departments. Why, sir, when
1 go there m thu morning, upon business for the
section of country from which I come, 1 find these
gentlemen there so thick that the pavement seems
to be worn smooth by the frequency of their calls.
It is high time, Mr. Chairman, that this arrange-
ment was broken up, this combination dissolved,
or else the country must suffer under it. When
we arc called on to pay a private claim, or a debt
of the Government, these gentlemen resist the
payment of either. They legislate simply to pro-
! vide the payment of salaries to feed the party tn
power.
I do not complain of the Administration be-
cause it has no money in the Treasury. Acting
under a policy generally Agreed to at the adjourn-
ment of the previous Congress, Secretary Cobb
devoted a large portion of the then surplus fund
to the purchase of the United States debt, it is
not this that I complain of, had the laws of Con-
gress been executed. The trouble is, that the
Administration has become akumcd at the pres-
;; ent condition of commence. Tliey ought to have
I sent in a message asking for $50,000,000 at once,
, and not have irritated the public mind bv these
J constant applications for issues of Treasury notes
1 and authority to obtain loans. The Admimstra-
, tion is not responsible because the importations
| under the tariff are not sufficient to supply the
1 amount of revenue desired by the Government.
■ The financial embarrassment which occurred a
1 short time since begat a system of economy in
1 every quarter of the Union. Our people dumn-
, lshed their expenses. There was a l°rs^ demand
; for the goods which pay duties. Necessarily,
therefore, the revenue became deficient. Even
under your tariff system, however, the Govern-
ment is but a borrower. No party could have
