3"i6
PENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May I5j
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr* Crittenden.
Sen
:ate.
and who are suffering for the want of education.
Many of them, if they received it, might be bril-
liant stars—boys of talent, girls of genius, who
would'profit as much by education as any chil-
dren here could. What does this bill propose?
It proposes to tax that very community who need
money for educational purposes, and to use their
taxes for educating children in this District; to I
filch money from them, as it were, by the opera- j
tion of your revenue system; to take money away
from gaunt and haggard poverty. You lay a tax
on their salt, on their sugar, on their iron, on their
leather, on their flannel, on their calico; you lay
a tax on all the necessaries of life, and then bring
the money here, and then it is statesmanlike, then
we are the poor man's friends, if we shovel it out
by thousands and millions to this particular com-
munity !
My honorable friend from Mississippi appeals
to mc as the poor man's friend and says, here are
two thousand five hundred little boys on bended
knees petitioning the Congress of the United
States to educate them. \V"ell, sir, how many
little boys are there in the State of Mississippi
who have no education; how many of them theie ,
would come before the Senator on bended knees, .
asking him to provide means to educate them? i
What is the proposition here ? It is to take money ;
from the parents of the two thousand five hundred ;
or, perhaps, twenty-five thousand children in his j
own State who need education, and bring it to j
Washington city to lavish it on children here. If !
that is what the gentleman calls being the poor !
man's friend, I confess I do not understand it. I ;
know his sympathies are excited. His heart is ;
patriotic; he is benevolent and kind; and every j
emotion of his is generous. People in this com- :
munity get around him and excite his sympathies, i
He sees the distress about him here, tlow many j
thousands, ay, millions, are there throughout the !
States whose children are suffering as much for I
the want of education ? Is it right to tax them i
and still let them want and suffer, and bring their ,
money here and pour it out for education in this J
District ? All 1 ask is, that each community shall i
educate its own children ctnd sustain its own poor. \
Sir, no one puzen education more highly tlmn '
I do. I felt the smart of a want of it m early life. '
] know what it is to have been excluded from the
benefit of schools, i have my sympathies with
the destitute boy who is east upon the world with-
out ft farthing to sustain him. 1 know all about his i
condition; I know his wants; and there is no one !
here, my honorable friend from Mississippi not '
excepted, who would go further to relieve his eon- '
dition than I would; but while I should be willing !
to relieve him, is it right to put my hands into !
the pockets of those suffering in the Stales, and !
take money away from them ? It is very easy to
talk of being generous, and of establishing a per-
fect system of common schools in the District of,
Columbia. The Senator from Massachusetts gets !
very pathetic about it. If 1 know anything of!
his history, he understands how to appreciate the :
advantages of education; but standing as we do, -
at different ends of the line, he and i reason dif- ;
ferently on the subject. lie is for being very lib-
eral here. Well, sir, just in proportion as you j
increase the expenses of this Government, you ;
increase the necessity for high protective tariffs.
If you increase the expenditures and cause that
necessity, a portion of his constituents would
reap a benefit m the return of taxes in the shape
of protection.
But the Senator from Massachusetts is for be-
ing very liberal. Now, 1 will make a proposition
to him, and I do it m a spirit of kindness. I as-
sume that we have no authority under the Con-
stitution to take money out of the Federal Treas-
ury for educational purposes in the District of
Columbia. I assume that it violates a great prin-
ciple of justice and of right to take it away from
the people of any other communities to appropri-
ate it here. Then we have no control of this fund;
it is not ours. Let us be liberal with our own
means; let us be generous with what is ours, what
we have acquired by honest industry in our vo-
cation, whatever it may be. I make this propo-
sition to the Senator from Massachusetts: let the
people's money alone; let us keep our hands off
the money of the little boys and girls that has
been gathered hero from all the States, that is not
ours; but let us now contribute out of our own
private means; and I will give as much to aid the
cause of education m the District of Columbia as
the Senator from Massachusetts. That is a fair
proposition. It is very easy to be generous and
: liberal with other people's money, but it is a dif-
] ferent matter when it comes to handling our own
i cash for benevolent purposes. What f am for in
. theory, I will promote, as far as my means will
! permit me to do, out of my own individual funds.
1 But the Senator from Mississippi seems to think,
and he presents it strongly and forcibly as an ar-
gument having much plausibility m it, that we
own the public property here, and therefore we
ought to pay a reasonable amount of taxes. Sir,
you may go out through the country and find
plenty of men not making over three, or four, or
five hundred dollars a year, who are educating
their own children. Even the lowest laborers on
the public buildings are receiving more money in
j the course of a year than many respectable farm-
| ers throughout the country who educate their
• own children; but he says our public buildings
! are here, and consequently the Government ought
; to be taxed. Who evei heard of a county town
, or the capital of a State taxing its public buildings
■ located there ?
' Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator at this point
; allow me to say a woid, as it may save the ne-
i cessity of a reply to his argument?
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly.
| Mr. BROWN. That argument has been ad-
i duced here before; and i hope I shall have a mo-
, ment's attention while I answer it. The property
j of a State, at the seat of government of a State,
belongs to the people of a State, and that of the
county, at the county seat, belongs to the people
of the county. They pay no taxes upon it be-
cause it belongs to them, and they choose to have
their own individual estates taxed, and exempt
that which belongs to th^m in common. Now,
tins Capitol, and your Patent Office, and your
: picsidentiiil mansion belong to whom? Not to
j the people of the District, but to the people of the
i United States. They pay no taxes m this Dis-
tt ict, as the people of a county pay none in a coun-
j ty, oi the people of a State pay none into the State
'treasury. That is the distinction; and therefore
I the obligation is stronger on the people of the Uni-
l ted States here where they have the gieat amount
' of property. The people here contnbute money
, to the national Treasury; but that is for the ben-
! efit of the Federal Government, and not for the
; benefit of this District. All that we propose is,
that being a large proprietor, you put yourselves,
!i upon the school question, m the same relation to
!j the city of Washington as a property-holder, that
!; individual proprietors occupy.
[ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man's case almostillustrat.es itself. He says the
/ public property in a county belongs to the people
!j of the county, and the public, buildings in a State
| belong to (he people of the State. That is a very
jj good lllustiation, and I thank him for it. Take
•> a State that is composed of one hundred counties.
;; Those counties, as counties, contribute to the
| erection of public buildings at the seat of thegov-
eminent; and when they are about to be built,
;i there is always a great struggle as to where they
;; shall be located, because of the many benefits con-
|j ferred upon the community where they are lo-
ll cated. The expenditure of money upon them
; brings persons to the place, adding value to prop-
i erty, and causing the city to improve. Is there a
I State in this Confederacy that permits the county
in which the public buildings are located to tax
them? There is not a county in the thnty-thrce
j; States we have now that does it—I believe thirty-
three is the number.
i Mr. DURKEE. Thirty-two and a half.
j! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The counties
ilofa State own the public buildings, and they are
| i exempt from taxation. All the people of the States
II of the Union own the public buildings herein the
District of Columbia. The principle is identically
i the same. What would the people here say if
|| you were to make a proposition to take away the
public buildings r Instead of talking about releas-
ing the Government from taxation on their prop-
erty, they would be willing to pay you a bonus
to remain. Is not this the property of all the
people, those of the District included? Do not
the public buildings in a State belong to the people
of a State? This property belongs to the people
of all the States, and there is no sort of difference
in the cases. It is a tax upon other communities
to sustain this community. We find a proposition
to surrender their city charter; they want to throw
everything upon Congress. Some time ago they
had a proposition to make us raise a police force
for them, and a proposition to take care of the
deaf and dumb. Everything is to be put on the
Federal Treasury; and that is so much clear gain
for them got out of the industry and earnings of
others.
I do not wish to consume the time of the Sen-
ate. I think this is one of the clearest proposi-
tions I ever saw. First, we have no right to ap-
propriate money for educational purposes here;
next, it violates principles of justice to the people
of the various States. My opposition to '-.his
measure, instead of coming in conflict with the
positions and feelings of my whole public life, is
perfectly consonant with them, and is in fact but
another instance in which 1 carry out the policy
1 have advocated ever since I have been a public
man. I am for the childien of the District of Col-
umbia being educated; I want to see them all ed-
ucated, and I will contribute as much, in propor-
tion to my individual means, as any other Sena-
tor to accomplish that object; but I will not take
the money out of the pockets of my constituents
whose children need education, and many of
whom have not the means to educate them. There
is no one who places a higher estimate on educa-
tion than I do. It is an advantage to the commu-
nity, to the child, to the man, in every possible
position in which he can be placed. To use the
eloquent language of another, in private life, ed-
ucation is a solace and a comfort; in public life
it is an introduction and an ornament; abroad, a
friend; it sustains a man in every position in which
he may be placed; it will benefit a man in every
possible position that he may be placed in; it less-
ens vice, it guides virtue, gives grace and dignity
to genius. The Senator from Massachusetts, the
Senator from Mississippi, the Senator from any
other State, will not go further in promoting the
great cause of education than I will, but this is
the wrong direction. This is taking money from
one portion of the community and giving it to
another. I am not for that policy, and I hope the
section will be stricken out.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, much
has seemed to me to be said on this subject which
is not very pertinent to the question we have to
decide. I'he proposition before us is simply
whether we will appropriate $'20,000 a year, for
five yeais, to the city of Washington, provided
its people shall raise the same sum, for purposes
of education. That is its whole extent. This
| proposition involves two questions; first, have we
I the power to make this appropriation out of the
' public Treasury; and next, if we have the power,
is it expedient for us to do so ? This embraces
the whole case.
As to the question of power I have a clear and
decided conviction myself that we have the power.
Very long ago, Chief Justice Marshall, at the
head of the Supreme Court of the United States,
decided that m respect to the Territories of the
General Government, the United States had the
powers of the General Government and the pow-
ers of a State government; we stood to them in the
double relation of the General Government and of
a State government, having the powers of both
for all purposes of government. That I had sup-
posed was the universally adopted and ieceived
opinion. It was so solemnly decided by the Su-
preme Court of the United States then constitu-
ted, whatever some gentlemen may think of it
now, of the wisest men in the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
from Kentucky if that decision has not been re-
versed by the recent opinion in the Dred Scott
CdMr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know. It re-
mains the standard of my judgment on the sub-
ject, at any rate. I understand that to be the de-
cided doctrine of that tribunal. It has the perfect
concurrence of my judgment. Now, then, if this
Government in relation to the Territories pos-
i sesses all the powers which the Constitution ofthe
i United States gives us, and if with these delega-
