1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige of
North Carolina, and Buffinton were appointed.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
Was the bill which was just now read for inform-
ation, read a second time ?
The SPEAKER. It was, and afterwards read
for information.
Mr. MILLSON. I was going to say that if it
had not been read a second time it could be ob-
jected to.
The SPEAKER. One objection, under the rule
adopted this morning, would not have prevented
it from coming in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand that
the gentleman from Illinois proposes to modify
his motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I do. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The tellers reported—ayes 33, noes 100.
So (more than one fifth of the members voting
in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
The House, on motion of Mr. BISHOP, (at
five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 19,1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. C. Granbery.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter from the President of the United States,
transmitting to the Senate a copy of a convention
between the United States and his Majesty the
King of Denmark, for the discontinuance of the
Sound dues, the ratifications of which were ex-
changed in this city on the 19th instant, and recom-
mending that an appropriation be made to enable
the Executive seasonably to carry into effect the
stipulations in regard to the sums payable to his
Danish Majesty's Government. The letter was,
on motion of Mr. Seward, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; and a motion by him to print
it was referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a repoit of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing, in obedience to
law, the payments from the contingent fund of the
Senate during the year ending the 6th of Decem-
ber, 1857; which was, oil motion of Mr. Ricks,
. ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by him to
print it was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Moses
Olmstead, an invalid pensioner, praying to bo
allowed arrears and increase of pension; which,
with his petition and papers on file, was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented a memorial of certain
permanent residents of Kansas, praying that the
Indian title to certain lands said to belong to the
Munsee Indians may be extinguished, and that
Congress will grant them such further relief as m
justice and equity they are entitled to as bona fide
settlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the register
and receiver of the land office at Huntsville, Ala-
bama, praying that the compensation of registers
and receivers may be increased; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John Caris
and others, members of Captain Campbell's com-
pany of volunteers in the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed pay and rations to the time of their
discharge; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of Mau-
rice K. Simons, praying for an increase of pen-
sion; which was referred, with his papers on file,
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented four petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the
location of the post office in the building lately
occupied by the Bank of Pennsylvania; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Taylor county, Iowa, praying that certain settlers
on lands in that county may be allowed the right
of preemption to those lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of
the heirs of John Forsyth, praying that certain
charges, erroneously madeagainst him, in the set-
tlement of his accounts as United States Minister
at Madrid, may be adjusted, and tlje amount re-
funded; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. POLK presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Missouri, praying that William Doty
may be remunerated for losses sustained and ser-
vices rendered in effecting the arrest of certain
mail robbers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Missouri against the extension of Wood-
worth 's patent for a planing machine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent office.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a petition of cit-
izens of California, praying for the payment of
the expenses incurred by that State in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of Anastacio
Caxxillo, praying for remuneration for losses and
inconvenience suffered in consequence of the erec-
tion of a light-house on a rancho owned by him,
and compensation for the ground upon which it
was built; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas Jen-
kins, praying to be allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Sarah A. Watson, on the
of tlie Senate, be ret'eirud to the Committee oil Pen-
fclOild.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Efiie Van Ness, widow of
Gant Van on the files of the Senate, be reterred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BIGGS, it was
Ordered, That John H. Wheeler have leave to withdraw
hi-* petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Vreeland, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on'Pensions.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEWARD. Yesterday, before the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] had con-
cluded his speech, I moved that the Senate go into
executive session, not having first provided for a
disposition of the subject on which he was speak-
ing. There is another special order for to-morrow,
and I learn that it will be quite agreeable to the
Senators interested in that question, as well as to
the honorable gentleman from New Hampshire,
to have the subject which was under discussion
yesterday continued. I move, therefore, to take
up that subject, for the purpose of making it the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the motion to refer to the Committee on
Territories so much of the President's message as
relates to Kansas, was postponed until to-morrow
at one o'clock, and made the special order for
that hour.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the report of the Secretary of State, showing the
names of the clerks and other persons employed
m that Department during the year 1857, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, showing the expenditures for
contingent expenses of that Department during
the year ending June 30, 1857, reported that the
usual number be printed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom were
referred a resolution of the Academy of Natural
Sciences of Philadelphia; also resolutions of the
Academy of Science of St. Louis, in favor of print-
ing Dr. John Evans's geological survey of Oregon
Territory, submitted an adverse report; which
was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Jonas P.
Keller, submitted a report, accompanied by a 6®
(S. No. 67) forhisrehef. The bill was read,and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ellas Hall, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 68) for
his relief. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Charles D. Maxwell, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 69) for the relief of Dr.
Charles D. Maxwell, surgeon in the United States
Navy; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN, from the select committee on the
Pacific railroad, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to contract for the trans-
portation of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions
of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all other
Government service, by railroad, from the Mis-
souri river to San Francisco, in the State of Califor-
nia; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GWIN. As this bill is one of some im-
portance, I move that it be made the special order
for the first Monday in February, at one o'clock.
Several Senators. And printed.
Mr. GWIN. It will be printed, as a matter of
course.
The motion was agreed to.
COD FISHERIES.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 10) repealing
all laws, or parts of laws, allowing bounties to
vessels employed in the bank or other cod fish-
eries, and a resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Maine, relative to the bounty on cod fish-
eries, have had the same under consideration, and
have instructed me to report the bill back, and
recommend its passage. I move that the bill and
report be printed; and I should like to have it
made the special order of the day for Thursday,
of naxt week, at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I desire to submit an amendment
to that bill, and if it is agreeable to the Senate I
shall submit it now, and ask to have it printed
with the bill. I desire to offer an amendment to
the bill abolishing the law establishing a naval
school at Annapolis, and a military school at
West Point. I think the amendment is analogous
and proper. Looking on the fisheries as a school
for seamen, and these other institutions as schools
for officers, if the Government patronage is to be
withdrawn from the education of the men, I wish
it to be withdrawn from the officers; and I will
offer that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
reduce his amendment to writing?
Mr. HALE. I will.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know that I shall in-
terpose an objection to the consideration of the
bill on Thursday of next week, if the Senator
from Alabama desires to speak to it on that day.
I have not seen the report of the committee, but
I suppose I can infer its general scope. I do not
know, however, precisely the form in which it ia
presented. It has not been submitted, I believe,
to the committee. I will therefore suggest to the
Senator to indicate a later day.
Mr. CLAY. It is a subject with which I had
supposed the Senator from Maine was much more
familiar than myself. I want the speedy action
of the Senate on it. I am willing to put it off.
until next Monday week, if that would suit the
Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. That would suit me still bet-
ter. .  
Mr. CLAY. The report is brief. There are
some accompanying documents which Iwish to
have printed, in elucidation of the subject-matter
of the report.
Mr. HAMLIN. We will hear the Senator on
that day: and then, I apprehend, the Senate will
give me time to investigate the subject as fully as
the report may require.
Mr. CLAY. 1 will inquire whether there be
any special order for next Monday week?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my friend from
Alabama that next Monday week is the first Mon-
