1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
Mr. STEVENSON obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. GILMER, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Sq the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
HEIRS OF ALEXANDER STEPHENSON.
On motion of Mr. PURVIANCE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the filesof the llou^eof the petition and papeis of the heirs
oi' Alexander Stephenson, in older that they may be ret'ertcd
in the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. PEYTON, the
House (at fifteen minutes past seven o'clock, p.
in.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 31, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Septimus Tustin, D. D.
The Jou i nal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
a petition of citizens of New York, praying that
the public lands may be granted, free of cost, in
limited quantities, to actual settlers only; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of the lay
members of the Roman Catholic churches in the
District of Columbia, praying for the enactment
of a law in relation to the manner of holding and
transmitting the title to property of the Roman
Catholic Church in the District; which was refer-
led to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KING presented a petition of inhabitants |
of Jefferson county, New York, praying for the j
construction of a breakwater at the port of Cape ;
Vincent, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. |
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of H. L.
Gallaher, praying that his claim for work done
on the Washington aqueduct may be settled upon
principles of justice and equity; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of II. "Rives ,
Pollard, praying that an adequate salary may be
attached to the office of the United States consul
at Bangkoh, in Sium, to which oifiee he has been
icceiuiy appointed; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. !
Mr DOUGLAS. I present the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois, praying that a por-
tion of the island of Rock Island, which, for many
yeais, has been a military reservation, but which
lias ceased to be needed or used for miiitaiy or
Government purposes, may be granted to that
city. They ask a giant only of that portion of
the inland which lies within the corporate limits
of the city, excluding that portion not within the
corporate limits. The amount of hind they ask
:s, I think, about one hundred and eighty acres.
They desire it for school purposes and parks. It
seems to mo very reasonable, under the circum-
stances, and perhaps the wisest appropriation that
could be made of that portion of the island, as it
la very admirably situated for that purpose, and
no longer needed for Government purposes. I
move the inference of the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
DACOTAH.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am requested to present
some memorials from two or three hundred peti-
tioners resident in that part of the Territory of
Minnesota which is excluded from the limits of
the State of Minnesota, and in a country which
now has assumed the name of Dacotah. They
pray Congress for the organization of a Territory
to be called the Territory of Dacotah, to be com-
posed of that part of the Terntoiy of Minnesota
which is excluded from the State limits, being a
tract of country about the same size as the pro-
posed Statu. I present those memorials, and move
their reference to the Committee on Territories. .
The motion was agreed to. i
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have received from General
Lane, the Delegate from Oregon in the House of
Representatives, the following letter:
House of Representatives, Marches, 1858.
Sir : Inclosed yon will find a printed copy of the consti-
tution of the State of Oregon. Please present it, and take
such steps as may he necessary to bring us in ou an equal
footing with the other States of the Union, and you will
very much oblige me and the people I icpresent.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient scivant,
Hon. Stephen A. Douglas. JOSEPH LANE.
In pursuance of that request I present the con-
stitution which lie has furnished. I avail myself
of this opportunity to say that it has been sug-
gested that, in the remarks which I made the other
day in reply to the Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin,] explaining why I had not moved in this
matter before, I conveyed the impression that Gen-
eral Lane had neglected his duty in the other
House. I desire to say it was far from my inten-
tion to cast any censure upon him or accuse him
of neglect, I did state then that I had not moved
in this matter, for the reason that the constitution
had not been furnished j-o us. Being surprised
that it had not been furnished, I asked the Del-
egate what was the occasion of the delay. He
said he had received a copy, but had not moved
in it, for the reason that he thought it was better
j not to get it embarrassed by the Kansas question.
' j It is due to him to say that I concurred with him
1« in the propriety of withholding it, and preventing
| it being made part of an omnibus with the Kansas
11 question. This explanation is due to him, be-
ll cause I do not think it just that any reflection
j should be supposed to be cast on him, who,as a
■ I Delegate in the other House, docs his duty very
! creditably. I move the reference of the constitu-
. j tion to the Committe on Territories.
1 j The motion was agreed to.
| TELEGRAPHIC MONOPOLIES.
:j Mr. BIGLER. I have been requested to pre-
|j sent the memorial of Amos Kendall, Samuel 0.
j| Bishop, Zenas Barnum, Francis O. J. Smith, H.
j | M.Schieffelin, a committee on behalf of theMag-
'( ncticTelegraph Company and the JNew England
|i Union Telegraph Company, asking Congress to
', adopt measures for the protection1" of the com- !
j panics which they represent against what they j
| regard as a combination of the, London, New- j
: foundland, and New York Teloginph Company, !
'] the American Telegraph Company, and the At- ;
,1 lantic Telegraph Company, which they say area
| powerful organization, composed mainly of the
, same men, actuated by a common purpose and .
' sympathy. "Whilst their purpose is to some e\- !
: tent concealed, they legald it as powerful and 1
!j conclusive and oppressive. As this subject is one
| of peculiar interest, I shall ask the indulgence of
i the Senate while I read a few paiumaphs ftom
;l the memorial, which will bettereXjd.ua the object
j of the mernoiiahsts and the specific legislation
which they desire. They first set foith the his-
i tory of the companies which they represent, the
! extent of telegraphic, lines which they own, the
i facilities which they have afforded thecoimtiy,
| and their future purposes. Then they allege a
. ] combination, and go on as follows:
■ | Youi memosmIm* desire to be inulet^tood not op-
: posetl to the gieat euterpiivc of connecting Du>ope and j
i Amenea. by a toleginpliie cable, nor to nny n^Mhtanee in ;
j ships or money vvJueh their Government may tinnk proper j
| to give U ; but the\ maniHim that it i-tlie duty ol then <.'ov- i
i eminent, ulietbej they assist the eiuetpn-e or not, to f-ee 1
I that it shull not he n^wl 10 oppre-s one imere-t m the Uiu- i
I ted States tor the pui po-a* of building up another, and that !
i tins duty becomes more impeiatne when the Government !
i lurni^be* it with nmteual ;ud. \
• ] " Your memorialists Anther represent that the combirut- j
! non of winch tliey complain i- composed of the New York, ,
,: Newfoundland, and London Tolotjiaph Company, ineorpo- j
! | lared by the Legi l;mii« of the Ibitisii Piovinco of New- ,
! | ibuudlanti; the American Telegraph Conipanj, mcorpoiated
'l under the laws of the State of New Yoi k; and the Atlantic ij
l Telegiaph Company, a British corpoialion, cmhiacin^ an i
Atlantic rnleifiapii cable iiom Newkmndldtui to the coast of ; J
j Ireland. WhetherthojoisafouithpartvcovcnnsjatoleffiapU i|
i hue horn the Irish terminus of the proposed Atlantic eab'e I
i to the city of London, your memouahst  ate not advised, h
I nor is it materia1. . j
! " Your memoi lalist* replevin, that the thr.>c telegraph ,j
' companies aforesaid originated with ccrtrnn capitalists in j
| the city of New York, who are stockholder in all of them, i1
I and eontiol two of them directly and absolutely, awl the :
•, third >ndireetJy, but eJlecru.ihy. The New York. New- j
| founrtlumK and London Telegraph Tompanv. and the Amur- |>
! lean Telegraph Company, aie composed mainly of the same ,,
t men, and aie undet the'-'.nne control; anil the same men
; who eoniioj ilicni aie inrluentiat ^toekhuldeia m the Allan- ,:
i tie Telegraph Compunj, which eouhl not have exited in ij
1 Kb present shape without their consent. In fact, the Allan- ||
tic Telegrapli Company and the American Telegraph Com-
pany were but parts of one scheme, which was originally
embraced in the act incorporating tile New York, New-
foundland, and London Telegraph Company, and in inter-
est and control they aie still parts of one scheme, insomuch
that the success of one contributes, if it be not absolutely
essential to, the success of all; and any aid afforded by the
G ovcrnmunt giving strength to one gives strength and power
" That these three companies arc one in origin and dc-
coinclu';lyely shown by the act of the Legislature of
Newfoundland ineoi porating the New York, Newfound-
1W4 14011(5011 Telegraph Company, passed April 15,
Here follows the act of the Newfoundland Le-
gislature, which is lengthy, and I shall not read
it. I now proceed to read that portion of the
memorial which sets forth the specific legislation
which the memorialists desire:
" Your memoiiahsts ncithei ask nor desire the interposi-
tion of Congress to protect them against competition in the
United States. They neither ask nor desire the withdrawal
of the aid of the Government Uotn the Atlantic Telegraph
Company, or it-> iefu&al to any other company whiclf may
lie organised to span the ocean with a hne of telegraph. All
' I they ask h to beptoteeted against combinations lor the pur-
!} po<c ofoppiessingoi destroying them between parties oper-
j i atmg ia the United States and out of the United States, and
j j to be put on an equal footing with all others in their con-
,: neetion with foreign lines entering the United States by sea
!' or land.
1 \ '• This protection your memoijaln-ts are advised it is the
[ province of Congress to afiotd them, by vutue of their eon-
! stitutional jiower toiegulate tiade and inteicourse with for-
[ ci^ti nations. Ami they appeal the more confidently lor this
I pioteetion on account of the aid granted by Congress to the
i combination a^am>t them, increasing their power to op-
; imv*.
, •' Youi meinoriah>t«3. thciefoie, pray for the passage of a
j gencia! iaw whifli >-hall jnevent combinations between cit-
, izens oi eonip.imis m the United States and monopolists or
■ companies out of the United States, for the purpose of op-
I piecing tele«i,ipU companies and monopolizing the business
I of telegraphing in the United States, and shall enable all
j telegrapli lines m the United States to form connections
: with all telemap!) lines approaching their holders, on terms
1 of perfect equality.
" Your meimmali-its are the moie emboldened to piescnt
this piayei, from the consideration that, the monopoly of
i telegrajiinc inteieouihc between, if not throughout, the Old
! and New Woilds.uow sou^iit to be established, may he ap-
l piied, with fearful etloct, to the commercial and political,
i as well as telegiaplnc, mteiests ot the United States,unless
I icguiated by I.ivv."
i I ask the reference of this memorial to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. As it is very interest-
| in<r, so far as its historical matter is concerned, I
i aslc that it be printed.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
! to print goes to the Committee on Printing.
I Mr. HALE. I wish to make a single sugges-
tion m regard to the reference of this memorial. It
seems to me that it should more appropriately goto
; the Committee on the Post OfKcc and Post Uoads.
| Mi. BIGLEL1. I think not. The Senate will
, perccive that it docs not present a question of fa-
i diluting intercourse, or establishing telegraphic
i lines, ft piesents a question sheerly of law, for
; the protection of the companies which these par-
; ties icpresent. They complain of a combination
i which is to be oppressive upon their interests, and
: which is to be prejudicial to the interests of com-
, merce, and possibly to the political interests of
j this country; and they ask foi a law to protect
them. I thcrefoie thought the Committee on the
: Judiciary was the proper committee.
Mr. HALE. I am not strenuous about it. All
memorials in relation to telegraphs have been
' heretofore referred to the Post Office Committee;
| and I think that would be the more appropriate
{ reference.
] Mr. BIGLER. It would be eminently so, if
; the memorial presented any question as to the us-
! tabhshment or regulation of telegraph lines; but
it does not.
Mr. HALE. I have no motion to make in re-
gard to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The memorial
will ho referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Hunter, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr, TRUMBULL, it was
OrJered, Thai- the petition of Hnv. oil thti files of
thu Senate, be rei'eued to tile Committee on Pendens.
BILLS INTRODUCED,
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
rosisent obtained, leave to introduce ti bill (S. No.
222) for the relief of Jeremiah Moors; winch was
read twice by its title, atitl referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
