318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington Public Schools—Mr. Green.
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall waive any remarks on
the question of power, and confine myself to the
expediency. I think it is inexpedient to appro-
priate $20,000 for this purpose. If you allow the
municipal authorities of Washington city to tax
the inhabitants of the city for the education of
their children, you allow them exactly the same
power that a State has over the subject—you tax
the particular community for the purpose of edu-
cating its children. When you give, as one sec-
tion of this bill does, a power to the municipal
authorities to tax the whole property of the Dis-
trict, you give them exactly the powers which
have oeen exercised by the States over this sub-
ject. Here you extend the principle, and take
the money of the whole people erf the United
States to educate the people of the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BROWN. I think I can remove that ob-
jection. There is no necessity, there would be
no propriety, in the people of a State taxing their
own capitols; but do not the people of a State tax
the property of non-residents' Do not the peo-
ple of Mississippi tax the property of the gentle-
man who lives in Georgia? The Federal Gov-
ernment is really a non-resident in the city of
Washington; it occupies that relation to the Dis-
trict. Technically, the property here belongs to
a resident, the Government of the United States;
but really, it belongs to the non-resident people of
the States; and I hold that the Federal Govern- i
rnent is under the same obligation to pay taxes on i
its property in this District, that the Senator from ;
Georgia is to pay taxes on his property in Mis-
sissippi. '
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senntor answers my
argument before it is made. 1 have hoard all this
story about the Capitol and the public grounds
for twenty-five years, and we have voted commu-
tations to these people on that ground. I was
coming to that part of the argument. Wo have
given them millions on the ay that thev could
not tax the public property. Why should you
depart from the rule of making tins population
pay their own expenses ? 1 was going i'lio that
when the Senator stopped me with the same argu-
ment he has used two or three times, ami others
have used; hut 1 say that you have no light to
give this money. Conceding the power, there
might be circumstances justifying its exercise.
Are any such circumstances pie^ented > Are the
people here pauper? ? Are they unable to do tins
for themselves? It is not denied that they are
amply able to do it themselves. Then why not
tax themselves to do it ? It is no argument to say
that they cannot tax our property, in consider-
ation of that this Government has spent a large
proportion of money, more than enough to make
up what the taxes would come to ten or twenty
times over.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr TOOMBS. Yes, if it has anything to do
with the case
Mr. GREEN. H is this: does the Federal
Government own any property m the District
except what is necessary to can y on the Govern-
ment? and is it not a settled doctrine even in the
States that whatever property isowned as a means
to accomplish a Fedeial end cannot be taxed any-
where ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That really has nothing to do
with the case, mid does not a fleet my argument
one way or the other, and therefore I do not choose
to reply to it. I am willing to agree to what the
gentleman say«; but I cannot see the slightest re-
lation it has to my argument. I am now answer-
ing i he argument of the Senator from Mississippi,
which is generally made in such cases, that inas-
much as we do not pay taxes on the public ptop-
erty here, we ought to pay something to these
people to help ihem to educate their children. In
reply to that, I have stated, thateven if this prop-
erty were subject to taxation, we have expended
for this District an amount of money more than
equivalent to it. in the first place, the amount of
money spent by this Government in the adminis-
tration of justice here is more than the whole ex-
pense of the administration of justice in my State,
or any five others m the South four times over.
I speak by the card, for I iecently had that sub-
ject under consideration. There is hardly a loafer
in the streets of Washington who does not get
something in the administration of criminal jus-
tice, as a witness or something else, from the Fed-
eral Government. Then we take care of their
criminals; we pave and light the avenues. We
have poured out money on them day after day,
and year after year. It is true, that those who
attend the Government here participate in these
benefits. The public grounds of which gentlemen
speak are used for the benefit of the city. The
squares here are adorned for the benefit of the
private property-holders in this city. Nearly half
the money we spend here is spent for the purpose
of increasing the value of property, and it does it.
If you were to take away the Capitol to-morrow,
and the public buildings and grounds, the city
would not be worth the cost of the bricks and
mortar here, and the city of Washington would
sell for a plantation. As the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts Iruly stated, it has no commerce, and
no manufactures, and can never have them. It
has its existence solely through the public Treas-
ury.
In reply to this argument about taxation, I say
first, they ought not'to tax the Government prop-
erty; and next, if they ought, we already give
more than an equivalent for it, and we do not im-
pose any direct taxc s on thorn; The people of
the States support their State governments by di-
rect taxation. The indirect taxes for ihe support
of the Federal Government are levied out of the
people of the District, as well as everybody else, !
and I want them to pay the local taxes for the ,
education of their children. Here I will say that ;
I very much doubt the wisdom of levying taxes j
out of a whole .society for the purpose of educa- I
ting the children of ail. 1 know that it is done in j
noithern society, which is a sort of system of
communism; but I think it is running out; that is
my own view. I know that is their idea; but T
think it is not a sound one. I am aware that my
views are not according to what they cull the cm -
lent literatuie of the day, and what north of heie
may probably he called statesmanship. I have
diflerent-ideas; and I make it a rule when I speak
on a subject to tell what I think, i do notregaul
it as a good plan, or a wise plan. I do not think
it has lessened crime, as the honorable Senator
ftom New York said it did. 1 have noticed these
statistics, so far as they are exhibited by our cen-
sus, and 1 believe agreater proportion of the peo-
I pie in Massachusetts can read and write, than in
any other State or country on the globe, except
China and Hindoostan. A much larger propor-
tion of the Chinese, and many of the East Indians
of the Mongolian races, can read and write, and
Massachusetts approaches nearest to them. 1 do
not think her cume has lessened at all; it has in-
creased. It is greater than it was before her pres-
ent system existed. That, children should be
educated, I am satisfied of; but 1 think they ought
to be educated by their patents, and by institu-
tions built up by private enterprise, and perhaps
even by private bounty. The system of levying
(axes out of a whole community for the use of a
part of it, is founded on one of the greatest errors
now alllicting modern society.
I am glad tins bill is wisely protected against
one popular ciror which piactically prevails, so
far as taxation is concerned, because it puts the
right to vote in the hands of those who are to pay
the tax. The idea that those who do notpay any
of the burdens, shall, by a vote, impose the ex-
pense of building schools on others, is a seques-
tration and confiscation of property, in my judg-
ment, dangerous to society, and will, ultimately,
subvert public order, and dry up the channels of
public prosperity. I believe, in New York and
Philadelphia, some years ago, they said let us
have water; and all voted for it, and taxed it on
the city, and, by the law m these corporations, all
the real estate in the city is bound for the pay-
ment of the debt, butaman who has no real prop-
erty may move out, and he is not hound. I say,
then, one class lays the taxes, and another class
pays them. That is a fundamental error, in my
judgment, in a well ordered society anywhere,
'whether it be for education or any other purpose.
In this case, this society being amply able to pay
for itself, there is no leason for taking money out
ij of the general fund of the people of the United
!• States, to educate the children of the District,
who, upon the average, are as able to pay it, I
presume, as any other portion of the people of the
United Slates. The average wealth of the people
of this District is as great as the average wealth
of the people elsewhere in the country. The peo-
ple in other portions of the Union pay as much
upon their consumption to the General Govern-
ment as the city of Washington does. Why,then,
shall we levy from the people of Vermont and the
people of Georgia a tax upon their consumption
to raise money to be spent in educating the chil-
dren of the people of Washington city, who are
just as rich as they are ? So long as you spend
for general purposes, the fund contributed for gen-
eral purposes, it is wise; but when you take from
the general fund, in order to educate the people of
the District here, you ought to give some reason
for it. It is contended that in a State, whose ju-
risdiction is undoubted, they take from richer and
give to poorer districts; but that, at least, is in
the same social community, under the same law.
The tax is equal, they try to levy it out of every-
body, they put it upon personalty and real estate
everywhere; but inasmuch as some of the coun-
ties have not got as much as others, some raise
less than others, they let them off, m considera-
tion of their poverty, and on the ground that it is
to their interest to educate all the people, and
therefore, they say, " if you raise your half we
will give you so much more." Does that case
exist here? Is it true that the poverty of these
people is such that you should take money out of
the general fund, contributed by the people of
Mississippi, and the people of Vermont, and
give it to this specific purpose ? I think not. Take
the district represented by my friend from Mis-
sissippi, a very rich Slate, but if we look at the
statistics 1 do not know how many people in the
pmey-woods there need education. I think a
grentmany need education in the old piney-woods
district in Mississippi, that he represented m the
other Rouse. The point was well taken by the
Senator fiom Tennessee. Why should ho levy a
tax out of those pmey-woods people, down in
the first district of Mississippi, to cducate the
people, rich and poor, of the District of Colum-
bia? I cannot comprehend the justice or propri-
ety of it, whatever you may say of the power,
whatever you may say of the advantages of edu-
cation, or the beauties of education, or the duties
of the people to provide it. I cannot understand
what justice there is in taxing the thousands and
tens of thousands of ignorant paupers, who roam
over the sandy lands of Mississippi 
Mr. BROWN. Oh,no.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; there are plenty of them
in your old district—the pine-woods district—
thousands, I have seen a good many of them.
Whether their property be little or much, why
should you tax them to bring money here in order
i! to educate rich and poor in this District? I think
jj it is unjust to them, and it is unnecessary for
these people. If they are unable to educate them-
selves, I presume they will find persons willing to
contribute to help them. I would, but there is no
evidence of their inability. Owing to the enor-
mous expenditures of the Government in this city,
to this peipetual fertilizing stream of living waters
flowing every day from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, the value of property here has gone up
within the last fifteen years, since 1 have been
j here, its fifty and its hundred per cent. You make
j these people rich by your expenditures; you pay
! the burden of the administration of justice for
' them; the great body of their legislative and judi-
cial expenses is paid by the Federal Government
: to an extent that is unjust and unnecessary. If
| you have this power you ought not to exercise it,
j because you do not make out a case for it. If
j education is good, let them provide for it them-
I selves, and not call on you to do it until it is shown
i that they are incapable of doing it. In any event,
! whether you have the power or not, and whether
■ it would be proper when a proper case was shown,
| I say there is no such pauperism exhibited in the
, District of Columbia as to show that the common
j funds of the people of the United States ought to
! be taken to aid them in the education of their own
! citizens.
I Mr. GREEN. I asked a question of the Sen-
i ator from Georgia, not for the purpose of inter-
! rupting the train of his argument, but merely for
