M4-6
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
March 31,
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,. 920)
for tbe-relief of the citizens and owners of prop-
erty it) the city of Omaha, Nebraska Territory,
and Sioj^x City-, State of Iowa*-which was read
twice by-its title, and referred to the Gommittee
on Public Lands. ^ .
Mr, YULEE asked, and by tnj,an!'mo s con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce-a bill (S. No*.
219) for the relief of the- railroad companies of the
State of Florida; which was read twice b,y its title,
arid referred to tlie Committee on the ]?ost Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave tointroduce a bill (S. No.227)
authorizing the organization of a fire department
in.the Districtof Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLf£, from the Committee on Foreign
Bfela#tofts,to whomwas referred the memorial of
the legal representatives of Scth Belknap, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of Montgomery county, Mary-
land,, praying that the plank road in that county
leading to the District may be made toll free, re-
ported adversely thereon.
Mr. MALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of J.
H. Carter, for himself and J.- W. Bennett and R.
E. Lowry, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the memorial of J. K. Kane ami
others, in behalf of the widow of Foxhall A.
Parker, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of Ann E. Smoot, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Reynolds,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of W. W. Bassett, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He &lso, from the same committee, to whom
•was referred the memorial of Richard W. Meade,
reported a bill (S. No. 221) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Frances Ann McCauley, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No, 223) for her relief.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom were referred the
papers relating to the claim of Edward Ingersoll,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
224) for his relief. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr.IVERSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the memorial of Harriet 0. Read, reported a bill
(S. No. 226) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet 0.
Read, cxe.cutrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C.
~W. Fanning, of the United States Army; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion toprint the report of the Secretary of War
in relation to the expenses of armories and man-
ufacture of arms thereat, for the year 1856-7, re-
ported in favor of the motion; and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print five thousand copies
of the map of Florida, illustrative of the recent
surveys for a canal m that State, reported in favor
of the motion; and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating there-
port of J. Ross Browne, on the late Indian wars
in Oregon and Washington Territories, reported
in fav.or of the 'motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom was referred a motion
to print the report of the Secretary of War com-
municating the -report of Lieutenant Colonel J.
D, Graham for the.y6ar 1857, have directed me
to report in favor of the printing, but also to state
that the committee do not design to recommend
the printing of the maps. The cost of printing
the report will not be a great deal—$365, exclusive
of the maps. With the maps, it would amount
to'Bome $6,500 additional. The committee will
not recommend the printing of the maps, as they
believe it to be likely to be of no avail whatever,
during the present session, at any rate, if not
during the present Congress. I report merely in
favor of printing the report of Lieutenant Colonel
J. D. Graham in regard to lakes and harbors.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the resolution direct-
ing an inquiry into the expediency of suspending
the territorial laws in Utah during the present dif-
ficulties in that Territory, have instructed me to
ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories, believing that the question is one
which relates to the exercise of the political pow-
ers of the Government as to its Territories," and
does not appropriately belong to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ANDREW GLASSUr.I.. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Andrew Glassell, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered to the United States in California,
have directed me to report a bill for his relief, and
ask for its immediate passage. I will state, in a
few words, the ground of the claim of the memo-
rialist. The memorialist was appointed underthe
act of Congress of 1855 to assist the United States
district attorney in California, for the term of one
year, in the defense of the United States against
the claims of persons demanding confirmation of
grants of land there. At the end of the year the
cases were not all closed, anil at the solicitation
of the officers of the Government, he continued
his services some four months longer in order to
close up the cases, his services being indispen-
sable The bill is to pay him the additional sal-
ary for the four months' services.
There being no objection, the bill for the relief
of Andrew Glassell (S, No. 225) was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It appropriates $1,400 as compensation to him for
services rendered as assistant counsel for the Uni-
ted States before the United States district court
for the northern district of California, from the
10th of January to the 1st of May, 1856.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in that
case? From what committee does it come?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have just stated that it
came from the Judiciary Committee. Itis to pay
for an assistant attorney of the United States
appointed under an act of Congress for twelve
months, and the duties extended to sixteen
months. The appropriation was only made for
twelve months. This is to pay for the additional
four months.
The bill ivas reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him some weeks since:
Jleiolueil, That Tortile residue of tho pi e*ont session, after
tfii< piescnt week, the pnvate lulls on the Calendar shall be
special orders of Ule day on Fiiday of each week, at one
o'clock, in the onhjr m winch they stand on the Cateiidai.
Mr. IVERSON. It has been usual before this
time of the session to pass a resolution of this
nature. Looking back at the history of the Sen-
ate during the preceding sessions, I find that the
resolution has usually been passed in March.
During the last Congress, it was passed on the
24th of March. There are a large number of pri-
vate bills on the Calendar, and it is necessary that
the Senate should proceed to the consideration of
them at some time. It has been the usual custom
to set apart Fridays. I have moved the resolu-
tion, but I do not propose to take Friday of the
-present week, as the bill for the admission of
Minnesota, and the Army bill, will probably oc-
cupy the rest of the week.
Mr. STUART. I am entirely in favor of the
Senator's proposition, but I wish to suggest
whether it would not be better to change it so as
to provide simply for setting apart Fridays for
.private bills on the Calendar, without making
them special orders. A special order -may be
postponed by a vote.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 modify it accordingly.
Mr. STUART. Let it read " that Friday be
set apart for the consideration of private business
on the Calendar, in the order in which it stands."
The resolution as modified was adopted, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That, for thf residue of the present session,
after this present week, Friday of each week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bills, in the order ia
which they stand upon the Calendar.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message was received.from thePresidentofthe
United States, by Mr. J. B. Husky, his Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed the
bill (S. No. 210) creating additional land districts
in the State of California, and for other purposes.
FOURTH ASSISTANT POSTMASTER GENERAL.
Mr. "VULEE. I-ask the Senate now to indulge
me by taking up the bill (S. No. 143) the purpose
of which is to create the office of Fourth Assist-
ant Postmaster General.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
143) to create the office of Fourth Assistant Post-
master General was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes the appointment, by the President, with
the consent of the Senate, of a Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General, who is to receive the same
compensation which is paid to each of the other
Assistant Postmasters General, and who is au-
thorized to send and receive letters, packages, and
other matters of official business through the mails
free of postage, subject to the same restrictions as
the other Assistant Postmasters General.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. YULEE. This bill does not strictly in-
crease the officers. I suppose, however, it may
be considered as an increase of one, but one only*.
It will add a single office, but without the neces-
sity of increasing any further the clerical force of
the Department. A very large business of in-
spection has grown up in the Post Officc Depart-
ment to which have been appropriated by exist-
ing laws the labors of seventeen clerks. This busi-
ness thus far has been superintended by the chief
clerk of the Postmaster General, and the duties of
the desk have become so laborious and engross-
ing that the Postmaster General is practically left
without a chief clerk at all. The purpose of this
bill is to create, as has been proposed by several
of the predecessors of the present Postmaster
General, the office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General, to whose bureau will be appropriated the
duties of the inspection office, with a clerical force
of seventeen as now existing, and without any
increase of force whatever. The object is simply
to improve the organization of the Department.
There has been no change in the organization of
the Department for the last twenty years, while
the business has been increasing very largely.
Mr. HUNTER. I should be very triad to aid
the Senator from Florida and the Post Office Com-
mittee, if they would come forward with some
proposition of reform to reduce the immense ex-
penditures of this Department, which is now a
charge upon the general Treasury of the country
to a very large amount. I am unwilling to mul-
tiply offices, unless it can be shown to be abso-
lutely necessary. We have got along with the
old organization, and I think we ought to be able
to do so hereafter. I am unwilling, in the pres-
ent condition of things, to vote for additional of-
fices. Here we are to create, in fact, another bu-
reau, and, to follow from it, I presume, we shaii
have another list of clerks.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, if not now, we shall
be asked for additional clerks at the next session.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; I will explain to the
Senator presently.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am not advised, at the
present juncture, of the state of affairs in the Post
Office Department; but the business of that De-
