1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2441
increase of $100,000 to accomplish this change,
which, from all I can learn, is very desirable?
"W hy cannot the appropriation in the bill provide
for it?
Mr, QJJITMAN. I can answer the question
satisfactorily. In the first place, the appropria-
tion in the bill would not authorize the Secretary
of War to make the changes, and in the second
place, these changes will cost so much more than
the $400,000, which is based upon particular es-
timates.
The Clerk read the letter of the Secretary of
War, as follows:
War Department, Washington, Mai/ 15, 1858.
Sir: Valuable improvements have boon made hi breeeh-
loading arms, which piomi^c gieat advantages to the Gov-
ernment, as by them old mu&kets and ufles. winch have
become unfit for issue to the t loops, and such as have been
heretofore sold for from three lo five dollar each, ma), foi
a modeiate sum, be alreier! so as to equal the be&t breech-
loaumg arms.
These improvements promise such great advantages and
benefit to the Government, that I have to i qui.'st an appro-
priation of $100,000, to be used m altering old mu&kcts and
rifles into breech loading at ins. *
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant.
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secietatv of JVar,
Hon. .Totin A. Quitman, Chairman Committee on Military
•Affairs, House of Representatives.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man intend to oppose the amendment?
Mr. CURTIS. I am rather inclined to oppose
the amendment; but I am more inclined to yield
to the gentleman from Mississippi, the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, that he may-
conclude his remarks.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Iowa; but, instead of saying any-
thing further, I will simply ask that the report of
Major Bell, in reference to this change, may be
read.
The report was read, as follows.
Memoranda for the Hon. Henry Wilson, member of Mili-
itary Committee uf the Senate, concerning the application
of iviorie's breech loading principle to the muzzle-loading
arms of the United Statey; that is to say, to the rijle-
mushet) cahbei bU-iUO inch ; to the musket, smooth-fa>i e}
caliber 69-100 inch ; and to the rijle, calibcr 54-100 inch.
The Secietaiy of War, esteeming Morse's breech-loading
principle the best, directed its application at tins arsenal to
one ot each of the above-mentioned old aims, wheicol we
have large numbeis now on hand in the State and United
Suites aisenal*. Tins application was to be made with the
}c a-r possibleeJiauge or e.xpense in the amis; the object ot
the toeeretatv m the experiment being both efficiency and
economy—efficiency 111 piodueinga moie perfect aim than
hail yet been made, and economy in avoiding the contem-
plated pale of the-se old aims, necej-tauly t:t a groat r-acu-
lice. The ic-sult of the expei iiuent i* t-hown m the loi m of
the auiij winch I had the honor to exhibit to you in the
commutee. on >-NiUiiday morning la&t, by direction of the
Sccieuuy ol War.
1. ^haulage*.—The change in these aim« is very small
—onlvm a t of the lock and in the lower part ot the bar-
rel, everything ei.^e iem 11111113 the same. The estimated
coht of thi-5 change, w hen effected by maclnncty, being
lroni two dollaiss ami iiuy cents to three dollars and fifty
eeius per aim.
The stiength of the barrels and other parts after the
chanties i-i found most ample—omj of the altoied arm-s hav-
ing sustained one thousand three hundred and fifty rounds
ol service chaise without injury.
3. Facihly of fiie.— Its advantages over the muzzle-
loader, in :t5'brereli loading facilities, with its barrel always
level and dnectedto the lfont, whether on hoise, standing
or advancing, sitting, ijiugoi kneeling.gives it hotli greater
celenty a® well as greater aecuiacyor' tire on thes-e ac-
counts.
4. Jiccmrccyof fire.—Rut it<« <upouor accuracy over the
muzzle-Joadei is more paiuculaily due to the fact that the
construction ot tne eaitr.dge, and or in chamber 111 the bar-
rel, is such that when the gun i  charged the a\esot the ball
a nil bore are neeessafdy i.i the same vesica) (.'lane of p*o-
jection at the moment of fne, whereby the\ lulttiL tlio most
important requisite for accuracy ol file.
5. Force of the charge.—The force of the charge is ne-
cessauly greatei liun that of the eoriPipoudimr mu/,/.!<•-
loadci of the .-.nine cahbi 1 and chaise of powder, bvje.i'ise
the cap being fned in the center of tne eha<ge, without vent ,
or vent disc lunge, tlte whole < ffeet, theiefoie, ot the cap and
ot the chaise oi powdei goe^ to move the ball; whci.a-^
in the muzzle loader the elfect of the vent-dischar^c 1- u)~t
to the motion of the ball. Accotdimd.v, the penetrations ol
this gun, at t.mty vaul?, aie irorn one to one and a ii-:if '.;Ob
boauis CH'ater than those of the muzzle loader. And in
range aU<>, with the tame elevation. propoitionaPy givav.
67 Certainty of fire.—A- the cap 1- fned in contact v. 1U1
the powder, the*certainty of me 1= giedtc-i th^n th.it 01 any
oihei Ineech or muzzle-loading arm tired without the
ehaige. In consequence, this arm never misses lire with a
good cap.
7. Cleanliness of fire —T!u& arm is remarkable forclean-
ness of boie after many li^; thN being because a new
chamber with cveiv new charge1.* inserted at evei v lire, the
o'd one beinir tiien "witlidsawi. Wlieiea.-. in the muz-ic-
budei, the chdinbei being always the ■same, is aecutntilating
fihh nt every the, which, 'it evciv the, tiie bad tames inr-
waul ni the bore. Tln> gives much le&s accuracy of fire to
the muzzle-loader.
8. Safety from explosion.—It has been charged against
this arm that the cap being in contact with the powder there
is danger of explosions from this cartridge in magazines and
laboratoiies. But there is no such danger,as the projecting
charge has no existence as a cartridge, except in the car-
tridge-box of the soldier, who forms it with surprising facil-
ity by merely pouring the powder into the iron chamber, and
inserting the ball and cap, the wad and chamber being al-
ways ready, and then turning it into the caitndge-box. Hav-
ing the balls and the flask of powder, this may be done at any
time, even in the field in presence of the enemy. As the
cartridge m the cartiidge-box rests on wood, the percussion
could not, therefore, take effcct thereof it eould be made in
the cartridge-box, which it could not be in consequence of
the structure of the box.
9. Savin*.—It is claimed for this arm that all the labor in
magazines and laboiatories which k now devoted to the
manufacture and preservation of muzzle-loader paper cart-
ridges, is saved, as it needs only powder and ball, it is aUo
claimed for it that the trains for transpoitation of ammuni
tion for small arms will be greatly 1 educed, besides saving
much material of papet, twine, and lumber, nails, &c.
10. The cartridge of this arm being water-proof, is greatly
superior to the paper cartridge of the muzzle-loader. The
latter, 111 a caitudge-box, migut spoil in a few day*' rainy
weather, while that ot' this arm would not be affected lor
I >eai^-
} Winch is respectfully submitted.
: WiLLTAM II. BELL.
\ Majoi Ordnance.
! Washington Arsenal, May 2l>, 180s.
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I now hope the
' committee will allow the gentleman from Iowa
I [Mr. Curtis] to proceed for five minutes, as he
; has yielded his time to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
i Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I object,
! Mr. AVERY. In connection with this matter,
j I desire to make this inquiry of the chairman of
[ the Committee of Ways and Means: whether this
| recommendation of $400,000 in the bill for the
1 manufacture of arms was made in view of another
| appropriation of $100,000 to change the present
i arms into breech-loading arms ? If not, then why
! should you not take $100,000 out of that appro-
| priated in the bill for the purpose, instead of ap-
! propriating that additional sum, and thereby
making an appropriation of $100,000?
Mr. 7. GLANCY JONES. The $100,000 is
necessary as well as the $400,000; and the reason
why it was not included in the bill, was because
the estimate was sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means too late. I have no doubt that what
the gentleman from Mississippi has said is true,
but the only difficulty is the increased expendi-
ture in this branch of public service.
The question was taken; and Mr. GIuitman's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend line one hundred and forty-nine by in-
creasing the sum appropriated for surveys for mil-
itary defenses $10,000. By reading the clause
which I propose to amend, you will pcrccivc that
it is for surveys for military defenses, geograph-
ical explorations and reconnoissances for military
purposes, &c. Under an appropriation made by
a pievious Congress, a survey has been made for
military purposes, or is now beinic made, of the
river Colorado. That was an important service;
but we have another river upon our slope, a larger
river, the Columbia, which should likewise be sur-
veyed for military purposes. It should be sur*
veyed, in order that we may know what we can do
with it in the tiansportation of troops. Upon the
river are many rapids—the Cascades, the Dalles,
Priest's rapids, the Buckland rapids, Ross's
rapids, and the Kettle Falls, near Colvilie, where
a military post is about to be established. Col-
ville is surrounded by a gold region, and is some
distance east of the Cascade mountains. Those
who have observed the last California papers will
find that there is a large increase of gold miners m
that region, some going by the way of Columbia
river, and others by the wateis of the Sound, !
taking their couise thence by Prazier's river.
Prom Fiazier's liver there is a trail to Colviile.
Now, for military purposes, we want to know
how far we can use the Columbia river in the
transportation of troops.
At the Walla-Walla there is a post of four or
five companies; and the fact that supplies can now
be transported by sailing vessels and steamers on
the Columbia, from a short distance above the
Dalles, to old Fort Walla-Walla, has enabled the
quartermaster general's department to reduce,
by nearly one half, the expenses of that depart-
ment in the way of transportation. A small sum
of money, applied to the survey of this river,
would enable military officers to ascertain whether
they can send their trtiops and supplies an the
river to Colviile by steam, of which there is Jiule
doubt; for, on that river, the Hudson bay barges
have run since the Hudson's Bay Company have
established posts in the country. The navigation
of the river hy steam is important to the defense
of the interior. We have, on the banks of the
river, Indian tribes, numbering eight thousand
souls, and two thousand warriors—not fish-eating
Indians, but the Indians of the plains; rich in
horses, in cattle; known to be adventurous and
brave; and whom not only the regular troops, but
the volunteers of the two Territories have met in
arms within the last two or three years. Here
we find the English Government, through the
Hudson's Bay Company, doing everything it can
to stimulate the resources of the country north of
the forty-ninth parallel. All the appliances of that
company—its steamers, its officers, its capital—
are now being made use of to carry the stream
of emigration by Frazior'sandTownsend's rivers
into the English territory. The determining
whether we can navigate the Columbia by steam-
ers will tend, incidentally, to give our people
something of the protection of the Government,
and enable them to compete with the subjects of
a foreign Power.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Washington Territory whether a military
survey of the Columbia has not been made already
by Captain Cram ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It has not
been surveyed by Captain Cram, or by any one
else. In 1853, Dr. Sukely went down m a canoe
and made some examinations with two men.
In regard to the gold region m that country, I
will say, that wc have known for the last three
years that there was an extensive mining region
there, perhaps as rich as the mining regions of
California. Last winter two men took out $4,000
of gold in two weeks. In the neighborhood of
Coiville we have had from fifty to two hundred
miners for the last two years, making never less
than five dollars a day.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not propose
to take any issue with the gentleman from Wash-
ington.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield to me. i wish to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
desires to oppose the amendment I will yield to
him. He will allow me simply to state that the
Secretary asked us m thefirsti siancefor$75,U00.
That was estimated at the opening of the session,
and was appropriated. He subsequently asked
for #20,000 more, making the appropriation
$95,000; and now this amendment is in addition
to that.
Mr. BLAIR. I rise for the purpose of oppos-
ing the amendment, because I have understood
that Captain Ciam had made a military survey of
the Columbia, and of Oregon and a portion of
Washington Territories, and that survey is now
in the War Department.
Mr. LANE. I desue to say to the gentleman
from Missouri, that all the survey and examina-
tion that Captain Cram ever made, he made by
proxy.
Mr. BLA.IR. That is a thing often done. Gen-
tlemen who have charge of surveys have the
surveys often made by those under them—or by
proxy, as the gentleman from Oregon has said.
But there is now m the War Department are-
port of a military sui vey of Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories, and of a portion of California,
made by Captain Cram. That report contains a
gieat deal of information also on another very
interesting subject—the subject of the war debt
claimed by these two Territories; and I hope that
| before making this appropriation for the service
| we shall call for the report of Captain Cram and
have it printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why has it not been
printed?
Mr. BLAIR. I think the reason is, that it was
not desired to have too much h'ght thrown on this
war debt.
Mr. LANE. I desire to say that Captain Cram
never made any survey of either of these Ter-
ritories, and was never ordered to make a sur-
vey.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did he make a report?
Mr. LAJNE. He has never been authorized to
raakfe a report. The report which he did make
