1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FOSTER. You make your protest now.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time, and passed.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
The bill (S. No. 3) to authorize notaries public
to take and certify oaths, affirmations, and ac-
knowledgments in certain cases, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that in all cases in which, under the
laws of the United States, oaths, affirmations, or
acknowledgments may now be taken or made be-
fore any justice or justices of the peace of any
State or Territory, or the District of Columbia,
they may be hereafter taken or made by or before
any notary public duly appointed in any State or
Territory, or the District of Columbia, and, when
certified under the hand and official seal of a no-
tary, shall have the same force and effect as if
taken or made by or before a justice or justices
of the peace. All laws, or parts of laws, for jiun-
ishing perjury, or subornation of perjury, com-
mitted in oaths or affirmations when taken before
any justice of the peace, are to apply to any such
offense committed in any oaths or affirmations
which may be taken under the act before a notary
public or commissioner; but on any trial for either
of these offenses, the seal and signature of the
notary are not to be deemed sufficient in them-
selves to establish his official character, which
must be shown by other proper evidence.
The same powers are proposed to be vested in
any commissioner appointed, or hereafter to be
appointed, by any circuit court of the United
States, under any act of Congress authorizing the
appointment of commissioners to take bail, affi-
davits, or depositions, in causes pending in the
courts of the United States. Notaries public are
further authorized to take depositions and do such
other acts in relation to evidence to be used in the
courts of the United States, in the same manner
and with the same effect, as commissioners to take
acknowledgments of bail and affidavits may now
lawfully take or do.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. It was read
the third time, and passed.
BENTON, BABBITT, AND LONGSTREET.
The bill (S. No. 59) for the relief of James G.
Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of
the United States Army,was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the proper accounting officers, in
settling the accounts of Lieutenant James G. Ben-
ton, of the Ordnance Department, of Brevet Major
E. B. Babbitt, Chief Assistant Quartermaster, and
of Brevet Major James Longstreet, Acting Com-
missary of Subsistence, to allow them as credits
the respective amounts of which they were de-
frauded by Parker H. French, in San Antonio,
Texas, in July, 1850, viz: to James G. Benton,
$1,021 04; to E. B. Babbitt, $519 93j; and to
James Longstreet, $448 98.
It appears that while these officers were sta-
tioned at San Antonio, Texas, in July, 1850,
application was made to them, respectively, for
ordnance stores, quartermaster's stores, and sub-
sistence stores, by Parker H. French, the chief
of a body of emigrants, on their journey to Cali-
fornia. He bore and exhibited to the petitioners
what purported to be a letter of credit from Hoiv-
land &Aspinwall, of New York, and he possessed
the confidence of numerous citizens and merchants
of Texas, to some of whom lie was personally
known. He was the acknowledged chicf of an
emigrating party, and was, to all appearances, a
reliable and responsible man. By authority of
the joint resolution of Congress, approved March
2, 1849, officers in these departments are allowed
to sell to persons emigrating to California such
Stores as the state of the public supplies will per-
mit, and, with the concurrence of Brevet Major
General Brooke, they sold to French ordnance
stores to the value of $1,021 04; quartermaster's
stores, $519 93j; subsistence stores, $448 98; for
winch he gave them separate drafts upon How-
land & Aspinwall, of New York, which drafts,
having been forwarded for collection, were pro-
tested for non-acceptance. It was then discovered
that the letter of credit exhibited by French was
a forgery, and all his representations were false.
Several of the best merchants of San Antonio were
at the same time and in the same manner imposed
upon for large amounts of money, and the impos-
tor has fled beyond the reach of law. It is ap-
parent that these officers, in all these transactions,
exercised due diligence, acted under.the instruc-
tion of their commanding general, and that the
money was lost without any fault of theirs.
The bill was reported to the Senate; ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and was read
the third time, and passed.
DEATH OF GENERAL RUSK.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it has become
my painful and melancholy duty to announce to
the Senate the death of my recent colleague, Gen-
eral Thomas J. Rusk. In making this announce-
ment, sir, it is proper for me to remark that its
postponement to the presentpeiiod of the session
has been owing to a hope that his successor would
arrive. Having ascertained that his indisposition
is such that he will be prevented from attending
the Senate perhaps during the session, I'have
thought proper to select this occasion for the an-
nouncement.
In speaking of the deceased, I am speaking to
his friends. He was known to most of those
around me familiarly, and to you, sir, intimately.
The tribute that is offered to departed greatness
is generally measured by the amount of reputa-
tion of the individual who is the subject of it. It
is the duty of the historian, not of the eulogist, to
go into the details of private life and character,
and the minutia which would otherwise be appro-
priate on this occasion.
The subject of this notice was born in Pendle-
ton district, South Carolina. He did not inherit
the advantages of fortune, of family, or of patron-
age. He was descended from an Irish patriot,
who was cast upon our shores in consequence of
the troubles of 1791 in Ireland. He inherited a
holylove of liberty fiom his ancestors, and itwas
matured into patriotism for the benefit of his coun-
try. After struggling through the difficulties inci-
dent to limited means in youth, he acquired a
profession—the law. He removed to the State
of Georgia, and there rose rapidly to distinction
in his profession. After years of exertion in that
State, and after having connected himself with
an estimable lady, he removed with his family to
Texas in 1834. At that time, sir, the first emo-
tions of revolution began to agitate that distant
region. He was loyal to the institutions of the
country to which he had migrated, until oppres-
sion became intolerable. When the Texans rose
as one man in resistance to a despot and usurper,
he stepped forward, united with his fellow-citi-
zens, and engaged in the perilous conflict of the
revolution. He was not urgent for that event;
but like others, he prepared himself to meet the
occasion when it was unavoidable. In 1835,
when the enemy invaded Texas, and took pos-
session of San Antonio, he immediately marched
with a force from eastern Texas, and rendered
signal assistance to General Austin, then in com-
mand of the Texan forces. Whilst at San Anto-
nio, he was engaged in various conflicts and en-
counters with the ewemy, in which he demeaned
himself with that chivalry and valor which char-
acterized him in all his martial scenes. After
that he returned to his family, but was soon elect-
ed to the convention which, m 1836, asserted the
independence of Texas, at Washington on the
Brazos. In the organization of a government
ad interim, he was selected by that body as Sec-
retary of War. He continued in the Cabinet
until the enemy were advancing, and the Texan
army falling back from the frontiers, and then,
unlike others who were fugitives from the limits
of the United States, he turned his face to diffi-
culty, and to the army—he identified himself with
it, its privations, its' sufferings, its difficulties.
He continued with it in the confidence of the com-
mander-in-chief, rendering all the aid in his power
to the cause of Texas and its independence. He
remained with the army until after the capture of
General Santa Anna, the imperial ruler of Mex-
ico, when, owing to events which transpired on
that day, he was appointed to the command of
the army of Texas. Itis but just to his memory
to say that, on that occasion, he commanded the
left wing of the Texan army,and surrounded.the
right wing of the enemy, rendering the rout and
victory more complete than they would other-
wise have been.
He continued in command of the army from
April until October of that year, when the first
constitutional Government was organized at Co-
lumbia, on the Brazos. He was then called from
the head of the army to the post of Secretary-of _
War. He remained in that position until thecir-*
cumstances of his family required his attention,
when he resigned his place. He was subsequently
called to the office of Secretary of State, which he
declined, owing to the same causes. He remained
in private life until the close of 1837, when he
was elected to the Legislature, and during that
session he was advanced to the chief justiceship
of the Republic He adorned that position until
1840, when he again resigned office, and retired
to the walks of private life and to the pursuit of
his profession. Difficulties,however, soon arose
in relation to Indian troubles, in which he was
always conspicuous, the most efficient in conflict,
the foremost in council, a leader in danger, an
adviser with wisdom at all times. In 1843, a pro-
visional force was raised by action of the Legis-
lature, when he was again ejected major general.
His action under this appointment, however, was
rendered unnecessary on account of the proclaim-
ing of an armislice and suspension of hostilities,
which continued, though partially interrupted*,
to be sure, until the time of annexation.
On the consummation of that event, sir, he was
unanimously elected by the Legislature of Texas
a member of this body; he was thrice elected, I
believe, ere his death. Senators, you all know
the position he occupied here. You know the
relations in which you stood to him. You know
his high conservative principles. You know his
manly and staunch advocacy of the compromises
of 1850. You know how faithfully he adhered
to every principle that was conservative. You
will recollect that he was elected at the close of
the last session temporarily to the Chair by a
vote of the body—the very height of distinction
in a Senator. In the full enjoyment of these high
honors and privileges, he was taken from us. His
fame is national, not sectional. His name be-
longs to history; it is hardly a theme for the eu-
logist. He stood conspicuous in everything that
was good and great. He was a man whose in-
fluence was felt throughout the nation; nox was
the wound unfelt that inflicted his death.
Sir, we may say of him, and it is but a just trib-
ute to worth, that as a soldier he was gallant, his
chivalry spotless,his honor clear; as a statesman,
he was wise, considerative, and patriotic; as n
friend, he had all the high qualities that ennoble
the heart; as a father, affectionate almost to in-
firmity; as a husband, manly, noble, and erect;
as a man, he had all the qualities that adorn hu-
man nature; and if he had infirmities, they were
few in proportion to those which falltothe lot of
man. He will be remembered here; he will be re-
membered throughoutthe nation; he will be unfor-
gotten in Texas whilst either history or tradition
lives. Texas has lost one of the bright and staunch
pillars of her edifice; and she has no material to
replace him in this body. Mr. President, I offer
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a &ineere
desire of showing every mark of respect due to the memory
of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, deceased, late a Senator from
the State of Texas, will go into mourning, by wearing crape
on the left arm, for thirty days.
Resolved, Thai, as an additional mark of respect for the
memory of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLLAMER. The expression of eulogy
is generally expected from the intimate friends, of
political associates of the deceased, and my apol-
ogy, if any might seem necessary, for my few
remarks on this occasion, will, I think, be found
in the facts I am about to state.
It was my fortune to be in charge of the Post
Office Department in an unusual condition of po-
litical affairs. A majority of Congress, in both
branches, differed in political sentiment with the
President and Cabinet. The chairmen of the dif-
ferent committees, the ordinary organs of inter-
communication between the Departments and Con-
gress, were not entertaining congenial political
views with the heads of the Departments, and it
