1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1417
parfment, os arranged some years since, dmded
itself, veiy naturally, into four distinct bureaus.
One was the appointment oifice, relating to the j
creation of new pout offices and the appointments !
and removals of postmasters, which lequires a
head of a bureau with a set of clerks under him.
The second was the contract office, embracing
within it all the contracts for the conveyance oi i
mails, and all other post office contracts by the
Government, which is a bureau by itself. The
third was the financial office, conducting the pe-
cuniary affairs of the Department. The fourth
was what is called there. techn icaliy, the inspection
office; that is to t-ay, that brunch of the Depart-
ment whuh iecei\es the sepoits and ananges the
business jii icwitjon to the fulfillment of the con-
tracts, !«ito which orfici* all the failures of mails,
and all default m the performance of any contract j
come. The force m that branch increased, from |
six or seven clerks originally, to twelve when I j
left the Department, arid there are now about fif-
teen constantly employed in that business. They
receive every day large numbers of reports, which
have to be carefully examined. The only way in
which we have found it possible to get along, so
as to secure the fulfillment of contiacts, has been
by giving to every postmaster upon each route the
schedule of duties required by the contract of that
route, and to require a report to he made by each
post office on the route of the true hours of the
arrival and departure of the mail. So long as we
left it ro the postmasters, as was the practice at
one time, to report the failures, the difficulty was
that we never got any repoit at all; but there is a
broad diherence between a man's telling a iie and
saying nothing. When we required of each post-
in as tei that lie should leport the true time of arrival
and depaiture, we got the true state of things.
Tiusc are reported at the end of cach quarter; all
the arrivals and departures in the United States are
to be examined in the inspection office, compared
with the schedules,and the failures noted. That
increases, ofcourse, with the increase of business.
i say these lour were the natural divisions of
the PostOilice Department. Theyare those which
have existed for many years; but there are 111
the Department only thruc AssistantPostmasters
Geneia!, and for twdve years of this time we
lta\e been obliged to put and keep at the head of
the inspection office th? chief cleik of the Depart-
ment. He has done the duties of an Assistant
Postmaster General, m fact, and the head of the
Department has been deprived of the use of the
chief clerk by being compelled to put him at the
head of one of the bureaus. 1 know that was the
true condition of things while 1 was there. The
gentleman who is now at the head of the contract
office, Mr. Dundas, was then chief clerk. He was
sequestered fiom the proper duties of chief clerk
all the time I was in the olace, and had been for
a number of yeais before, and has been since, j
He has been passed into the contract office, and j
other chief cletks appointed; but thepresenf chief ;
clerk is at the head of the inspection office this :
day. This division of the business of the D-- ;
partment has been shown by experience to be :
proper. It has existed since Mr. Kendall ai ranged ,
it, almost twenty years ago. During that time i
we have-been necessarily compelled to sustain and
keep up these four divisions. I cannot but think ;
that the time has come for the creation of an offit er ;
of a proper grade to take charge of the inspection
office. It ought to have been done long <<-0, and !
perhaps would have been done, if we had had the 1
courage to ask Congress to let us have a fourth
assistant. In fact we have had him, under the '
name of a clerk, for a great many years. I did :
not know that such an application was made, but ■
I felt it my duty, knowing the condition of that \
Department, to say that the head of it does right ■
in asking that a fourth assistant should be made, ,
and called what he really is. j
Mr. YtTLEE. I think it probable that the ;
reading of the letter, which is not a long one, j
from the Postmaster Geneva! > in winch he explains j
the occasion and the necessity for the creation of j
this office, will be satisfactory to the Senate, and j
willbecorroborativeoftheSenatorfrom Vermont, |
who was one ot the predecessors of the present m- 1
cumbent in the management of that Department.
The Clerk read the following lettei:
I'n^T OPHCF Dei'^RTMENT,
Washington, fiehruuiy i, 3s"j3.
Sir : In reply to your coiiiiuuaieduon ot the OSih ultimo,
■ da.
; ( oiinnitteo I
T (IC lOsl i 1 . lie-' r
nji tiio Pe-' Office and Po^t llu:1.!-"-. to eonsutr.r n euy i
rue stable m the (-ionization of the l'o*t Ot!ic*e ^
Depaament,'' and loquct-nng meto furnwh Mich views on
the subject as the expeiicnce of the Department may sug-
gest. I have the honor to Mibmit to the Senate the accom-
panying bi!i creating the othce of Fouith Assistant Po&t-
ma-tei General, and em nestly recommend its passage.
The necessity of tins office wa< recognized by my pred-
ecessor, and the enactment of a taw suniiai m its provis-
ions to the bill herewith submitted was strongly recom-
mended by him to Congress.
The responsible and important duties of the inspection
office, which weieformcilydischaiged by one of the Assist-
ant Postmasteis General, have been moie lecentiy assigned
to the chief cleik of the Post Office Depaitment, who ;s
therefoie required to perfonn the functions ot the head oi
a Imieau together with those of the chief clerk, while he 1$
only leceivjiu tue silai v w Inch belongs lo the niienor posi-
tion. J'he iapui and «'normou-s increase ot the business of
this Department i emier-> ?be  e double duties too onoiouband
oppressive, and no single individual can Ui^chai «j;o them with
justice to li.m-el! and with fidelity to the Government. The
consequence is. that the Postmastet General must be entnely
(]•>[>'ived of tne .-ei vices of a chief cleiK, which are now in-
dispensable. or tiie nnpoitant busine d of tlie inspection
office must be neglected.
In addition to the.-sc consideiahons, the supervi-'on of
the inspection office, lequimi" thedisehaige of high judicial
function 111 the intei pietation of contracts, and involving
the gravest le^ponsibihry m the nnpo-ition of fines and pen-
alties, should eeitainSy be committed ro an officei ot the same
gmde and dignity as the heads 01 the other bureaus.
The busmen of tins Department naturallj and nece-^a
rilv divides itself into four bureaus, each of which should
be placed under the s>upeiiiitendence of an Assistant Post-
ma tei General.
One of mv predecessors, Mr Kendall, m the division of
labor anion" his officers, gave the inspection office to one ot
his abstains. Even then it was eonMdeied ot sutlieient
magnitude and importance to require an oftieoi of tliat
giade for its proper manaci ment. SinceMi Kendall's tenn
of semee o\pued. the business of the inspection office has
increased to more thanthice nmeMtsamount atthe foimer
period, winie the investigation of mail depiedauon^ and the
supply of bass pouches, locks, and key*.', lorthe tiansnus
sioti and beeiiiity of the mads, have added gieatly to the
labor heretofoie peifornied by the head of this bureau.
The annexed schedule exhibits the oiganization of the
difi'et en t Executive Depaitinents of the Government. By an
examination of this schedule, it will be perceived that the
bu-^me.-s of the head of a bureau is not lequired to be per-
formed bv the chief cleik 111 any other JJepamnent besides
the Fou Office. It will also be seen that the duties assigned
to the chief of the inspection office are quite as iesporisible,
impoi taut, and onerous, asthn5e dnchaigod by the Assistant
Postmaster Geneial.
In view of alt these facts I would most respectfully rec-
ommend t" Con< ie^-s tiie enactment of a law dealing a
Fouith AsM-ta.nl Po-ima-ter (Jeneial to take ehaisje of the
inspection office, now nmlei the supervision of the elnef
eleiiv. The change siiL'^estcd is uece-«sarv alike for the
faithful pei fn niance ot th'  public service, l'oi the sj-nmie-
tiy of the system bv which th- I)«'p.n lineut is icgulated,
and fn a pisf, distubtu:on o. labot amonti the oflicet^ who
share with m<J th« H'-jiOiiMlnlii*. ol it-^ maiia^'iin'iit
I haw the honoi to be, vc;\ !'• lieeiiuhs.\oni olwdient
s-eivant, AA1DV V iiiie>\W,
Ut'ifrrtl.
lion I) L Yfi i:r.\ runit ni'tit f t' !u o fn n <ynthr mi the Pos/
Ol'jicc mid Po-t h'H/th, Venule <>1 the L uiltil States.
Mr. YULttE. I n-^i-ee with the Senator from
Viigima that the expend'tmes of the Post Ouico
Department aie Iaige, and i< quire pi Luang. The
same may be said, though, of every other De-
partment of fhp Government 
Tim TRK^IDENT/ov; tempore Th.o honr has
arnviHl for the consideration <if the spet lal oider;
and it re qui 1 es tin, consent of the Senate to pro-
ceed wii h this bill.
Mr. YULL1E. Being on the floor, I presume
I may be allowed M pioeeeu. 1 hope the Senate
will penult this bill to be disposed of, as it is now
up, and cau bo got through with 111 a veiy few
nunu'es.
Mr. JOHNSON, of TrHnweo. 1 object. Let
tilt' ie<;uhr order of business he proceeded with.
Mr! YULL11S. I submit the question whether,
being on the floor, the special order can be prop-
erly coiled for :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir; at
one o'clock it must be called.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 85)
for the admission of the State of Minnesota into
the Union.
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out the second
section of the bill, and insert:
That the said Ftate shall be enot'^d to t'uee Ilepre-
pematives m the Congress of the Tinted State-.-.
Mr. CLAY. Let the suction be read as it has
been already amended.
The Clerk re.\d it, as follows:
Fee. -1. Jlnd he it j.n ther oxacicth Tlint said Ptate shall
be entitled to on*' Repiesentati\ e. and such addmonaMiep-
resentanvvs m ConL're^s a> th-1 popnlanoa oi said yta'e,
a< eoidnig to the censu-? iiiithonzed by the act appioyed
February iS57; shall
how u te be entitled to according
to Ui1 p;"-?n{ ia!io of repiesentation. and no mere ; and
the S.m-r tary of the Interior shall cause the coimi- of  ai
State to be taken forthwith according to the provisions of
the act of February^, 1857, and report the same as toon as
practicable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) It is moved to strike oat that sec-
tion, and to insert:
That the said State shall he entitled to three Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States.
I ^ Mr. IVERSON. As fair play is said to be a
j jewel, I desire to notify the Senate of an amend-
| ment which I will propose to the bill, by way of
a substitute for the second section, in case the
'amendment of the Senator from Missouri shall
not prevail. I am in favor of the amendment of
the Senator from Missomi, and shall vote for it;
i but in the event of that failing to be adopted by
the Senate, I shall propose the amendment which
! I send to the Chair, and ask to have read for
information. The Senator fioni. Indiana [Mr.
j Fitch] also has a similar amendment, somewhat
I varying its form. It is well that the Senate shall
| undeistand all these amendments, so that they
j may take their choice between them.
I The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
; follows:
; Thiu said State shall be entitled to one Representative in
Congress, and no more, tmul a new census shall be taken;
that of the three mcinber> already elected by the people of
s>aid State at the election held on the second Tuesday of Oc-
tober last,the one having the gieatest numberoflegal voted
at said election shall be the Itepiesentaiive aforesaid; that
when said census "hall be taken, if it appears that said State
is entitled to two Representative*, agreeably to the piOsent
ratio, then one of tiie said three peiRon.-> having the next
gt eatesi number ot votes shall be entitled to his s-eat; and if
«aid State '-hall i>f entitled under said census to thiee Rep-
resentative^, then all of said peisons so elected as afoiesaid
«hall be entitled to ^"atsin the House of Itepiesentatives:
P< co That nothing herein contained shall mterleie v\ nh
or affect tlx* con-rt'tutional povvei of the Hous.e of Re pie-
^entaiives to jtidsje of the qualifications of eithei of said
membeis so elected.
J2rJ be it fuithar c.iacted, That it shall bo the dutv of the
Secietary of the Intenoi to eau-e a census of said Suite to
be taken as soon a>* p> .lettable, agieeably to the act approved
Febi uat y 20, 1857, and that tie- Mini ot do!Iris be, and
the Mime is heieby, appi opnared out of any money 111 the
Treasury not othci wise appiopnated, to defray the expenses
ot raking said cen.Mis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The pendingquestion is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri to strike out the second sec-
tion, as it has been amended by the Senate, and to
insert what he has proposed.
Mr. MASON. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri is to give to Minnesota
tlnee Representatives. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
! Mr. KING. Mr. Presuh nt, I desifc to state
, to the Senate that my colleague, Governor Sew-
ard, is prevented from attending 111 his place here
! by sickness. He has been detained at his house,
j in this city, since Saturday last, by an attack of
; quinsy.
| The question being taKen on Mr. Polk 's amend-
, ment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 14, naya
I 34-, as follows:
• YEAS — Me&srs. Biglet, Bright, Evan*, Fitch, Green,
; Gvvm, Hammond, Iverson, Jones, Polk, Pugh. Sebastian,
I Sjidell, and Stuart—14
i NAYS—Messis. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Big^, ft rod-
; euck. Brown, Oameion, Chandler, Clark, flay, Uollamei,
| C'Mttenden. Dixon. Oo</httle, Durkee. F'e.—enden. Fitzpat
' rick. Foot, To-ter, Hamlin, Harlan, Nendei>on. Iiou-.ton,
, Johnson of Aikan-a>, Johnson of rl'cune.-see, Kenned\,
I King, Ma^on, Pearce, TruoibulJ, Wade, Wilson, Wright,
1 and Vulee—-31.
; So the anvndment was rejected.
! Mn. FITCH. I believe the Senator from Geor-
| gia lias given notice of an amendment, for tlm first
1 section of which 1 wish to oiler a substitute.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
! pending amendment.
Air. FITCH. Well, sir, I ofFerthis amendment
as a substitute fot the second section of the bill:
That *wiid Stale le- en titled to tw o Repiesentat ive.- iuCou-
<rrcs-. until ;t new e'-nsus he taken; that ol th,j three mejii-
bets aireadv elected bv the people of said State at the elec-
tion hoU on the second Tuesday ot October last, tne two
havui" n euwd the jricatC't numbci of kyai votes at s-aid
eleeuoii shall be the Rcpre.-enfauvoi afoie-aid; and that
when said census sSi.ili i;e taken again, as hejeni p:ovided,
|; if it appears that said State t-> enuticd to three Repiesent-
at ives, agreeably to the present latio of repre<5entanon then
the other of the said three Representatives elected atthe
election aforesaid, m October hist, shall be entitled to a seat
m the IloaM' of Repiesentatives.
it further enacted. That it shall be the dutv of the
Pccrerai y of the Interior to cause a census of said State to
be taken as soon as practicable, agreeably to the act ap-
pi uwd February 26, 1357; and that the sum of 'dollais
be, and the tame is hereby, appiopnated out of any money
