1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE,
March 31,
in the fioasnry not otherwise appropriated, to defray the
expenses os'taking the said census.
Mr. PUGEi. I should like to call tlie'attention
of the Senator from Indiana to the fact that his
>. amendment, as I think, contains an inadmissible
proposition I do not think the Senate has a right
to decide upon the election of the Representatives
from-the Slate of Minnesota. I think that 13 a
question exclusively for the House'of Represent-
atives.
Mr. FITCH. That objection struck me; but
I think it is untenable. As, however, the Senate
have'just voted down a proposition to give the
people of-Minnesota what I think they are fairly
entitled to—three Representatives—I have pro-
posed this amendment, in the hope of securing a
majority of the Senate to give them something
• ike an approximation to justice. I should really
prefer the amendment I now hold in my hand as
a substitute for the second section, to what I have
already offered. 1 will offer this amendment, or
hav£ it read, at fill events, for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment of the Senator from Indians, will be
read, the former one bein  withdrawn.
The Clerk read the following substitute for the
second Section:
That said Srate sbiill he entitled 10 tluee Repie^entativps
in Congress during this session, and thoiejiftei to such num-
ber of Representatives as the census herein ptovuled tor
shall entitle U to, according to the present latio of repre-
sentation.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator wilt strike out
" session," and say " Congress," I have no ob-
jection to it. They are elected for this Congress,
if elected at all.
Mr, FITCH. I have no objection to that.
Mr. PUGH. Then I am perfectly satisfied with
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. In case the second section
of the bill is stricken out, the census to which the
amendment refers as " herein provided" to be
taken, will not be provided.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Vermont mis-
understands this amendment. It is to adoptthis
provision with the second section of the amend-
ment of the SciMtoi from Georgia, providing- for
a census.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the proposed amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, as modified.
The Clerk read the amendment, which is to
stride out the second section of the bill after the
enacting clause, and insert:
That >aid State shall be entitled to throe Representatives
in Congress dming the piesent Confess, and iheieafter to
sueh number oi Representatives a* the census heiein pro-
vided fur shall entitle1 it to, according to tin; present ratio of
representation.
*Hnd be it further ennctci!. That it shall he the dotv of the
Secretary of the Interior ti  cuu&e a ccijmks ol said State to
be taken a>t soon us prueiteuble, agieeably to the acr ap-
proved February £>>, 18.")?, and that the sum of dollats
ue, and the same i> hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Troasuiv, not othenvs!>« appropriated, to dofiay the
expenses of taking the said census.
Mr. STUART, f wish to suggest an amend-
ment, which, 1 presume, the Senator from Indi-
ana will agree to, to strike out the words " And
be it enacted," before the clause pioviding for a
census, so as to leave the whole amendment one
section, and then strike out that portion which
contemplates an appropriation. We can make an
appropriation m a geneial appropriation hill if
this duty should be devolved on the Secretary of
the Interior. •
Mr. PITCH. The portion which the Senator
from Michigan proposes to .strike out was 111 the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia. If he
lias no objection to the modification, I have not.
Mr. 1VE11S0N. I have no objection to that. 1
Mr. FITCH. That makes it one"section. j
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the ;
amendment, by striking out<s three" and insert- '
ing"two." |
Mi. FITCH. I believe the amendment, as it t
now stands modified, is neaily the same m sub- j
stance as that offered by the Senator from Geor- i
gia, [Mr. Toombs.] It was not in order at the \
time it was offered; but it was subsequently of- :
fered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Polk,]
and withdrawn, and a naked proposition sub-
mitted to give Minnesota three Representatives.
Having failed in that, lor which I voted, I prefer
this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk will
read the amendment as now proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
The Clerk read the amendment; which is to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the sec-
ond section of the .bill, and insert:
That sold State shall be entitled to three Representatives
in Congress during this Congress, and thereafter to only
such number of Representatives as the census herein pro-
vided for, shall entitle it to, aceoiding to the present ratio
of lepresentation : and that it shall be the duty ot the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause a census of said State to be
taken as soon as practicable, agreeably to the act approved
February 26,1857. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is the
amendment asproposed by the Senator from In-
diana, to strike out the second section of the bill
and insert what has just been read. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to amend by striking out
" thiee" and inserting " two."
Mr. IVERSON. la that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly it is
in order to perfect this as a substitute for the sec-
tion in the original bill. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to strike
out " three" and insert " two."
Mr. MASON". I think the history of this bill
will be an important one before the country at a
future day, and I desire, therefore, that we should
preserve a complete record of the action of the
Senate. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on this mo-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the Chair whether an amendment in the third de-
gree is in ordei ?
The PllESIDENG OFFICER. This is not an
amendment m the third degree. The second sec-
tion is now in the bill. The Senator from Indi-
ana proposes to strike out the second section and
insert what he has proposed. The Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to amend that amendment
by striking out three" and inserting " two."
The question is on that motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin. Upon this question the yeas
and nays are demanded.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am disposed to concede
to Minnesota everything that she ought to expect
or to desire. Surely it cannot be the desire of
any new State, about to enter the Union, to be
admitted in an unconstitutional manner. It is
conceded on all hands that the members returned
from Minnesota were not elected in a legal and
proper mode. They were elected by general
ticket, and not by single districts, as the law re-
quires. That was done in total disregard of law.
Can they claim to be entitled to seats in the other
House, when they come forward asking for them
in violation of law? Has the Senate power to
create Representatives for the several States or
Territories? Surely not. That is a right which
belongs to the people, according to certain legal
forms and regulations; and unless they are clected
in that way, their election is void. I say, then, j
that not one of those persons who claim to be j
Representatives from the State or the Territory j
of Minnesota has any right to a seat in the House j
of Representatives according to law. Then, has
the Senate the right to create Representatives ?
If it has not, it has no power to say who shall be
admitted, or to determine which of these gentle-
men shall be entitled to a seat in the other House.
It belongs to the people of Minnesota, not to the
Senate of the United States, not to the House of
ltepie.sentatives, to say who shall be clected.
All these gentlemen may be admitted; but can it
be done legally? I think not. If they are not
legally entitled to seats, can you admit them as a
matter of grace and favor? Have the Congress
of the United States any right to extend to States
or Territories privileges of this kind as favors?
1 insist that they have not, and that these men,
if we are to have any regard to the Constitution
and the laws of the country, must be returned to
their constituency. If, on their being returned,
the people of Minnesota elect them in obedience
to the Constitution, well and good. I say they
have no right to elect more than one member, be-
cause the Constitution and the law give them no
right to more than one. If you are, through a
spirit of accommodation, to disregard the Consti-
tution and the laws of the land, I know not what
limit you are to set to favoritism and to kindness.
I should be very glad to extend a favor to these
gentlemen, if I could; but I cannot disregard the
Constitution and the law.
What is the urgent necessity demanding of you
this extraordinary stretch of power? If we do
not allow Minnesota three members, will she not
be represented in the Senate, and will not her
Delegate continue in the other House ? If he, in
years past, could "render to the Territory all the
assistance necessary—and we have never heard
of any complaint being made—certainly, with the
aid'of two Senators, that Delegate can attend to
the interests of Minnesota until her members be
admitted in the other House.
I never will give a vote here to extend, by con*
struction, the powers of this body. No man
ought to do it who regards the laws and the Con-
stitution of his country. If you are to do it .on
the score of expediency or favor, because you
suppose one State has a population much greater
than is reported, do y'ou notopen a door by which
you make yourselves judges of construction, and
legislate upon false or supposititious premises,
that would destroy the foundations of any gov-
ernment on earth? The proper way is to admit
the State, and let those gentlemen who have been
sent here as her Representatives return, and let
one member be elected by the people; or, if the
census will justify it, let two be elected in separate
districts. Is it any objection that this will require
a little time? Shall such a consideration induce
us to infringe the Constitution? In two years,
sir, in 1860, the general census will be taken; and
surely there is no great emergency by which in-
justice will bo done to Minnesota, by allowing
her only one Representative in the mean time.
Certainly I can see nothingwhich should warrant
a departure from those sound rules which have
heretofore governed us. I do not see any ground
on winch even a single one of the persons who
have been sent here from Minnesota can claim to
be a member of the House of Representatives.
How are you to determine who shall be accepted
as a member of that House? Where is your con-
stitutional authority to say that that one of the
three who received the highest number of votes
shall be admitted? I cannot find any such au-
thority; and, not finding it, I shall not vote for
such a provision. Whatever I can do, under the
sanction of the Constitution and the laws, towards
a new State, I will do for it with a great deal of
pleasure; but when I am called upon to violate
the Constitution and the laws, I cannot and I will
not do it.
Mr. KING. I feel reluctant to vote between
these two propositions, for I am opposed to voting
for either two or three. I entirely concur with
the Senator from Texas that the number of Rep-
resentatives from this new State of Minnesota
ought not to be determined as a matter/>f favor
by the Senate. It is a question which is to be de-
termined by the number of their population, and
is settled by the Constitution,which, by our oaths,
we are bound to regard as the rule of apportion-
ment to them.
The bill, as reported from the committee, pro-
poses to give them one Representative, which the
Constitution requires that they should have as
the least number, and as many more as their pop-
ulation will entitle them to. Well, they have had
a census taken there. It is said that it is imper-
fect, but it is the best information that \ve can
have. If there be other evidence that can be had
by the House of Representatives, let them determ-
ine upon that testimony and according to the pop-
ulation. The Constitution furnishes a rule which
we have no right whatever to vary. It is no mat-
ter of favor or disfavor to Minnesota, or, at least,
ought not to be. I shall not vote with any such
feeling; but simply with a view to admit the State
of Minnesota* as I intend to vote to admit the State,
with the number of Representatives to which she
is entitled. She has aright to justice, but she has
a right to nothing more; and I have no idea that
her people would desire anything more as good
citizens of the country. I think it better, instead
of attempting to determine the number here, that
we leave'the question to the House of Represent-
atives, passing it, as we have done in the bill, and
leaving it indefinite. I shall so vote. I have only
made these remarks because I feel embarrassed tn
undertaking to determine between three and two.
I am unwilling to determine any number beyond
one. I am prepared to give her one, because she
is clearly entitled to that, and perhaps to two; but
there is no evidence yet before us to show that
she is.
