2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
■was a voluntary one, and was so inaccurate that
the Secretary of War rejected it.
Mr. BLAIR. The report which he made was
approved by General Wool, in command of that
military department.
Mr. LANE. Whenever the gentlemanhas any-
thing to say about Washington and Oregon, let
him come to me.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend by increasing the appropriation $5,000.
That will allow a survey to be made, either of a
road from Colville to Puget Sound, or of the up-
per portion of the Columbia, which Captain Cram
never saw, or any gentleman under him.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I raise the ques-
tion of order that the amendment does not apply
to the clause, and is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the amendment is merely to increase the ap-
propriation $5,000; and, therefore, the Chair re-
gards it as in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. There are
troopsat Walla-Walla, troops at the Dalles, troops
at Simcoe, and on the shores of Puget Sound.
Captain Cram's survey has been referred to.
He made no survey covering the field which I
now propose to occupy. His officers made no
survey whatever covering it. The upper Colum-
bia has never been touched by sounding line. In
the year 1853, Dr. Sukely, a gentleman connected
with my exploration of the northern route, went
down that river in a canoe, and was able to as-
certain the velocity of the current. From his ex-
amination it is quite obvious there will be no dif-
ficulty, as regards the velocity of the current, in
using steamers on that river. Cut there is a 1
question as to whether, in low water, we can run j
steamers over the rapids which I have enumer-
ated in my remarks. We need a survey of that
river for our military defenses. Captain Cram's
report wtis not published, because, besides being
grossly inaccurate, it was found that he had taken
from everybody without giving them any credit.
He speaks in his report of examinations, the re-
sult of his own field labor and research, of a coun-
try he never saw. That is a matter of rccord and
proof in the War Department, and that, perhaps,
may hfive been one of the reasons why the Mil-
itary Committee of the. Senate sent the report
back to the War Department.
In my previous remai ks I mentioned that a great
saving had already been made in the transporta-
tion of troops to the Walla-Walla by using the
river route. Captain Cram, in his report, stated
that steamers could not be run above the Dalles.
Now, from the Dulles to the Walla-Walla—adis- j
tance of one hundred and ten miles—vessels draw-
ing four feet of water earned all the supplies for
tile quartermaster at Walla-Walla last year; and
now steamers are doing the same service. Cap-
tain Cram pronounced the river unnavigable, when
facts and experience show that a portion of it is
navigable; and he pronounced ltunnavigable, too, j
notwithstanding it had been pronounced proba-1
bly navigable for steamers, the result of a rapid
canoe examination, a year or two previously.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am opposed to this amendment
as to the other, and shall reply to the arguments
of the gentleman from Washington by which he
has attempted to sustain it. Sir, there was some j
motive which induced some gentlemen to examine j
this report of Captain Cram m manuscript, and ;
to make a report on it to the head of the Warj
Department, and to others, to suit probably their ;
own purposes. You will find, by looking at the
proceedings of the. Senate, that the Secretary of
War communicated letteis commenting on this
report from Mr. Stevens and Air. A A. Hum-
phreys, a gentleman who is at the head of a bu-
reau here, established without law by one of the
Departments- These gentlemen had some motive
to induce them to examine Captain Cram's report
in manuscript. What that motive was, I shall^not
say; but, among other things, the report ot Cap-
tain Cram gives a history of the origin of the war-
bond debt of Oregon and Washington Territories.
The committee ot the Senate, instead of throwing
the report back in the face of Captain Cram after
making an examination for themselves, report
what has been said about it by the Secretary of
War, who derived his information from these gen-
tlemen, who "volunteered to examine the report
for their own purposes; and the committee ex-
pressly say that they had not time, and could not
examine the report for themselves.
The gentleman from Washington says that
Captain Cram has taken information from others,
and has not credited them with it. I do not know
how that fact may be. Probably it was that in-
formation which he took from others which led
him to make the mistake about the navigability
of the river. But I undertake to say—and every
man who knows Captain Cram will vouch for it
—that whatever he has reported upon his own
authority will be found strictly accurate. I be-
lieve that his report will be found valuable to the
country, and, if for nothing else, to save us from
the six million war bonds claimed by Oregon and
Washington.
Of course, I have not examined the report. I
do not know whether the statement of the gen-
tleman from Washington with reference to his
taking the reports of other persons of places he
had never seen be correct or not. I presume the
gentleman would not make the statement, after
having read the report, unless there was some-
thing in it. But I believe that the report will be
one of the most important that we can have, not
only for the geographical information it will give,
but also for information that will guide us in legis-
lating on the very important claims of these Ter-
ritories.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to reduce the appropriation, for the
purpose of making a few remarks. I regret ex-
ceedingly that my friend from Washington should
have found it necessary to impeach the character
of one of the most distinguished and worthy offi- !
cers in the UnitedStates Army. He has done it in
this; He says that Captain Cram has made use of
researches which other officers of the topograph-
ical department have made, and has not given
them credit for it. Now, I feel it my duty to say
that Captain Cram tells mo himself, that he has
given due credit for everything which he has taken
from others. I liave known him from my boy-
hood, and I know him to be one of the most moral,
upright, and sagacious oflncers in the Army. I
think, therefore, that the gentleman is mistaken
when he says that Captain Cram has not given due
credit to those who have made researches. But,
sir, what researches are these that he is charged
with using without giving due credit? What
documents has he had access to ? They are these
voluminous documents for which we have paid
hundreds of thousands of dollars, made under the
direction of Congress, by various officers detailed
for that purpose. Captain Cram was detailed by
General Wool to take charge of the topograph-
ical duties of the Pacific department. It was his
duty, as an officer in the discharge of this topo-
graphical position, to compile information from
all the sources to which he had access, for the
purpose of designating economical military ar-
rangements, and it was his province to bring to
the public attention everything that he possibly
could do without additional expense, without
cither going himself, or sending other officers to
make topographical explorations where they had
been already made. Ho therefore had recourse
to the public documents, and I have no doubt he
has given full credit to the gentleman from Wash-
ington for his explorations, which are an import-
ant part of these public surveys.
We have not seen the work of Captain Cram.
The gentleman seems to have been looking at the
manuscript. Why is it not published.' Why
have we no opportunity of seeing if injustice is
done to any one in the report? I have heard that
it is suppressed by the Department. This is not
the first time in my official business, since I came
here, that I have found reports made by officers
of the topographical engineers have been altered
and amended so as to conform to other reports
and other views. Such alterations or suppres-
sions I consider unlawful, unjust, and injurious
to the public service.
If Captain Cram's report does not suit the offi-
cers of the War Department, let it be published,
so that the conflict of opinion may be observed
by Congress as well as by the executive officers.
Wc want the benefit of conflicting opinions, not
the concrete idea of a single view of the subject's
importance. 1 protest against this impeachment
of an officer before his report is before Congress
and the public: an officer who, for thirty years,
has stood before the country unimpeached and
unimpeachable.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have no
controversy with Captain Cram. What I said is
what I know upon evidence complete and conclu-
sive on the files of the War Department. And
not only that, but he was guilty of making gross
attacks upon the War Department. Let me say
to the honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] that I desired to have all that report pub-
lished, and I believe my friend from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] concurred with me in that desire. One
half that report is given to the Indian war and the
volunteer operations in those Territories, and we
desired his report to be published, looking upon
it as embodying the views of General Wool; and
so ridiculous were its statements, and so gross its
perversions, as to make itan easy task for friends
of the people of those Territories'to makes its
misrepresentations apparent. I will give one in-
stance.
Mr. KXJNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. BLAIR. I think if the gentleman was so
anxious to have the report of Captain Cram pub-
lished, he took a very bad way of showing it by
going into the Department to blacken that report.
[Criesof "Order."]
Mr. IiUNKEL, ofPennsylvania. I submit the
question of order that this discussion has nothing
to do with the amendment reducing the sum from
S5,000 to &2.000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The discussion has only been in-
dulged 111 by unanimous consent.
[Cries of "Question," " Question."]
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I simply
want to make a single remark. I trust this ap-
propriation will not be reduced; and whenever
this whole question of the Columbia, the Indian
tribes, and the volunteers, to which this river has
such relations, comes up, I am ready to discuss
it with facts and arguments which I believe will
be convincing to all men.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment;
In line one hundred and fifty-tlnee strike out the word
" fifty," ami insert " seventy five so as to make the
clause read as follows :
For continuing the survey of the northern and northwest-
ern lakes, including Lake Supeuor, $75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am also in-
> structed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
; to offer the following amendment:
In line one hundted and fifty-four, strike out" five," and
insert a ten ;" so as to make the clause lead :
For punting charts of lake suiveys, .f'10,000.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state in regard to that
amendment, that the original estimate was for
$10,000 instead of $5,000, but for the purpose of
diminishing the expenses as much as possible,
the Committee of Ways and Means reduced it to
$5,000. Since that we have learned that these
charts arc not published for general circulation,
and that this amount is actually needed. The
charts are for the use of vessels ravigating these
waters, and are used for no other purpose. They
cannot get along without this amount.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
At the end of line one hundred and fifty-four, insert the
following:
To enable the Secretary of War to employ temporary
clcrks in the office of the (Quartermaster General, on bounty
land survey*, £5,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
Insert at the end of line one hundred and fifty-four, the
following:
For support of four companies of volunteers mustered
, into the seiviceof the United States at Camp Scott, Utah
Tenitory. 111 October, November, and December, ot 1857,
| $173,478'70.
i These four companies were enlisted by Colonel
Johnston at Camp Scott for nine months. It is
; unnecessary that I shouldgo into any explanation
, of the matter, unless some objection is made; and
