1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
I say, by reference to all this, I am warranted
in the hope that under the influence of this reve-
nue system we shall see the exports, even of do-
mestic manufactures, increasing; as they have
done heretofore, and more rapidly than they did
under the old system, in which there was a more
restrictive policy. I have seen it stated, upon
newspaper authority, that since January the ex-
ports of domestic manufactured cottons from the
port of New York have been greater during this
year than they were during the same period for
the last year; but be that as it may, I think I am
justified, from the experience of the past, in as-
suming that the prospect is, that our exports are
destined, for the future, to be very large; and if
they are, so must be the imports, and for that
hope I rely mainly upon tobacco, upon cotton,
and upon gold, (fori believe the production ofgold
in California is a mere question of water and of
labor,) and upon domestic manufactures them-
selves, if I may trust the experience of the past.
In regard to agriculture, taking the years 1848
and 1857—for 1847 was an exceptional year—I
find that the agricultural exports rose from
£37,000,000 in 1848, to $75,000,000 in 1857, show-
ing a large increase in them also.
If this be so, then the probabilities are that if
we reduce the expenditures of the Government
within the proper limits, if we administer this
Government economically, the time is not far dis-
tant when the existing sources of revenue will
again give us a surplus. In view of that, it seems
to me the best thing we can do is to provide, in
times of crisis and difficulty, such times as these,
byway of loan for any temporary deficiency; and
when the revenues increase, when more money is
derived from customs, and the Treasury begins
to overflow, we can employ that surplus in pay-
ing off the debts, and in buying up the stock; and
in doing this we do what is very desirable, for we
give stability to the revenue system of the coun-
try, and we make the Treasury Department oper-
ate more easily upon the general business and
trade of the country; bccause, when specie is ac-
cumulating in the Treasury, we have the means
of depletmgit by the purchase of our stocks; and,
at a time when there is a scarcity of money, the
community is undoubtedly relieved by the mere
fact that the Government is entering into the mar-
ket for loans, for thus we call into activity capital
which would otherwise be dormant. I know that,
in this operation, it may sometimes happen that
we have to lose something by way of premium
on stocks; but if we deduct what we receive by
way of premium, and add interest on that pre-
mium, it will be found that the loss is not so great
after ail; and when we come to compare that loss
with the immense facility and advantage which
is given by a mode of administering the Treas-
ury that will not operate harshly and rigorously
on trade, I think we shall come to the conclusion
that the money has-not been badly spent. But
the ready mode of avoiding this is to issue your
stocks at such a rate of interest that they will go
at something like par, or nearly par; and then we
shall not have to pay much premium to purchase
them at a time when there is a surplus in theTreas-
ury and we are going into the market to reduce
the public debt, and relieve the public coffers from
a plethora of specie.
In view, then, of the present condition of the
finances of the country, m view of what is to hap-
pen probably for the future, it seems to me that
the best thing we can do is that which is now pro-
posed. Let us provide for the present deficiency
by means of a loan; and when trade revives, and
the coflWs of the Treasury are full, we shall then
be able, not only to meet, from all the existing
sources of revenue, the probable demands of rev-
enue for the annual expenditures of the Govern-
ment, but begin to pay off the debt besides.
I had some doubts as to whether trade would
revive in season to enable us to get along with so
small a loan as is proposed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, but he is willing to meet that re-
sponsibility; he is willing to take that risk. De-
siring, very properly, not to increase the debt of
the country beyond what it should be, he feels
confident that he will be able to carry on the Gov-
ernment until Congress meets again; and if it
should turn out that trade does not revive then,
there will be time to make such arrangements as
Congress may deem fit and proper, in view of the
whole state of the case. It is obvious, sir, that
this loan would be insufficient if we had to add to
the estimated expenditures the estimate for vol-
unteers; but as I said before, I hope and believe
that the occasion which would seem to have re-
quired them has passed away. I hope we shall
not need them, and, if we do not, I entertain the
hope—I will notspeak with much certainty—that
we shall be able to get along with the $15,000,000
and the existing sources of revenue for the next
fiscal year.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Administra-
tion proposes by this bill to borrow $15,000,000—
to incur a permanent national debt of $15,000,-
000 to meet the ordinary and current expendi-
tures of the national Government for the first
two quarters of the next fiscal year. Yes, sir,
the proposition is to incur a national debt of
$15,000,000—to tax the productive industry of
the people for the next fifteen years to meet the
current expenditures of the Government at a time
when we are at peace with all the world. This
is an Administration measure—the measure of a
Democratic Administration; it comes here with
the seal and superscription of the Administration
stamped upon it; and the majority here in both
Housesof Congress,as in duty bound, will hasten
with alacrity to register this executive mandate.
Necessity,stern imperious necessity,goadson the
supporters of the Administration to its early con-
summation. I do not rise, Mr. President, to in-
terpose obstacles to the prompt passage of this
bill; but I do rise to ask the Senate to pause lon^
enough to take an observation to see where we
now are, and whither we arc drifting.
It was, Mr. President, the doctrine—ay, and
the practice, too—of the republican fathers, of Jef-
ferson and of Madison, of Adams and of Jackson,
that the oidmary and current annual expenditures
of the Government must be kept within the re-
ceipts of the Government in time of peace; that
national debts were not national blessings, and
must not be incurred to meet the ordinary wants
of the Government in times of peace. Mr. Van
Buren alone of all our Presidents, from Washing-
ton to Buchanan, abandoned this good old policy
of the republican statesmen of the country, by bor-
rowing money in times of peace to meet the oi di-
nary and cunent expenditures of his Administra-
tion. That violation of the cherished pohcyofthe
Republic contributed m no small degree to his di-
sastrous defeat in 1810. Sir, Mr. Buchanan is
hastening on in the footsteps of Mr. Von Huron.
Like Mr. Van Buren, he is rushing headlong into
debt, borrowing money, incurring national debts,
to meet the current expendituies of his Adminis-
tration. Eighteen hundred and sixty may repeat
the lesson of 1840; and I commend the Admmi*ua-
tton—1 commend the suppoi tei s of the Ad minis-
tration m both Houses of Congress—to ponder wull
the lesson taught by the people in 1840. Believing
the doctrines and policy of the Republican states-
men of other days to be the true doctrines and poli-
cy of the Government, we who inherit the name
and the principles of the republican fathers are in-
flexibly opposed to this policy by which the Ad-
ministration is hurrying the nation on headlong
into debt in time of peace, and then resoitmg to
borrowing money, to incurring permanent national
debts to meet wants created by Us own extrava-
gance. Sir, let the supporters of the Administra-
tion understand, let the nation understand, that
we denounce this policy in advance; that we wash
our hands of it, now and forever; that we take an
appeal to the people against the adoption of a pol-
icy so much at war with the lasting interests of
the Government and of the people of the coun-
try.
Theexpenditures of theGovernmenl during the
eight years of the administrations of Mr. Polk,
General Taylor, and Mr. Fillmore, m which time
we went through the Mexican war, were, on the
average,$43,000,000 annually. When President
Pierce came in, he commenced the fiscal year of
1853 with $21,942,000 in the Treasury. During
his Administration, the average expenditures, ex-
clusive of payments on account of the public debt,
were $58,000,000, being an average annual increase
of §15,000,000 over the eight preceding yeais—
years, too, during winch happened the Mexican
war, with all its vast expenditures. The expend-
itures of the Government during Mr.Tierce's ad-
ministration were larger than the expenditures of
the Government from 1789 to 1817, during the ad-
ministrations of Washington, Adams, Jefferson,
and Madison, a period of twenty-eight years.
When President Buchanan came into power, he
commenced the fiscal year with $18,000,000 in
the Treasury. Pie has collected from all sources
about forty-four million dollars, or rather he has
collected the first quarter, $21,000,000; the next,
$7,000,000; the third quarter, $8,000,000: and it is
estimated that the last quarter will be $8,000,000,
making $44,000,000 to be added to the $18,000,000,
amounting to $62,000,000. We have borrowed
$20,000,000 by Treasury notes, which makes
$82,000,000, as the resources of the Administra-
tion for the present year. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
estimates, if I understood him, that the receipts
for the year will amount to $85,700,000, and tho
expenditures to $85,000,000, which will leave a
balance m the Treasury, of $700,000.
Now, we are told by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that at the commencement of the next fiscal
year, the $$>,000,000 of Treasury notes will be
exhausted, and we shall begin the next fiscal year
without any money, or with only an insignificant
sum in the Treasury. The annual expenditures
of this Administration exceed the expenditures of
the last Administration, exclusive of the public
debt, more than $20,000,000. The last Admin-
istration added $15,000,000 to the average annual
expenses of the country, and the present Admin-
istration adds $20,000,000 annually, over the last
Administration, which the whole country believed
to be an extravagant Administration.
We all remember that when Congress assem-
bled in December last the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his annual report, estimated that the re-
ceipts during this year aboutclosing would equal
the demands upon the Treasury; that it would be
about seventy-five million dollars,, and that he
would have a balance in the Treasury the 1st day
of July next of $426,000. The Secretary, how-
ever, thought that Congress ought to grant him
the power to issue $20,000,000 of notes in antici-
pation of the revenue; not that the Treasury notes
would be wanted this year, but he wished the
authority to issue these notes in anticipation of
the revenue which would accrue during the pres-
ent year. The President of the United States in
his message indorsed this demand of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
On the 15th of December last, the Secretary
wrote a letter to the Committee of Ways and
Means asking for authority to issue $20,000,000
of Treasury notes; and m this letter, written
seven days after his annual report was made, the
Secretary, while asking for authority to issue
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes, said:
'•Though the amount of .^20,000,000 will not.m all prob-
abiiitw be needed at an eaily day, if at all,yet it in deemed
hr>t Hi'it ihf IX paitmont be atuliouzeri to ih-ue them and
kcf-p out that Him should it bn lequired by the puhiic ser-
vice."
He would not want these Treasury notes at an
early day, if he wanted them at all! That was on
the 15th of December. The bill was promptly re-
ported, and Congress entered upon its discussion.
Within the period of seven or eight days, that bill
was carried through Congress, and although the
Secretary had told us he did not want to issue
these notes immediately, if at all, within seven
days we were pressed to hurry that bill through
Congress, because the Government was becoming
bankrupt; and within ten days after the Secretary
of the Treasury wrote that letter, the Govern-
ment of the United States was unable to meet its
obligations; drafts drawn by its Army officers
upon the Treasury remained unpaid; and the
members of Congress who desired to go home and
see their families, and spend Christmas with
them, could not obtain the money to do so, be-
cause the Treasury was exhausted, and this with-
in the period of ten days after the Secretary of
the Treasury had asked for $20,000,000, and told
us that he did not want it very soon, if he should
want it at all. What foresight! What wonderful
sagacity! What an exhibition of statesmanship
was this I
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual re-
port, after asking for authority to issue $20,000,000
of Treasury notes in anticipation of the accruing
