1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2448
therefore I shall submit the amendment to the
committee without further remark.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to amend, by adding the
following at the end of the bill:
Pro vidert, That no part of the military force of the United
Slates,, for the support of which appropriations are made by
this act, shail be employed in Kansas as a posse comilatus
in aid of the en oreement of any law or constitution, or pro-
fessed law or constitution, in Kan&as.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a question
of order. That amendment changes the existing
law, and is not in order in an appropriation bill.
Mr. GROW. U only proposes to limit the
manner in which the appropriation shall be ex-
pended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment proposes to change existing law, and
therefore decides it to be out of order. ]
Mr. GROW". I then offer it in this form: j
8kc\ 2. slnd be it further enacted, That no part of the j
monev hereby appropuated shall be expended for the put- I
pose. Stc. j
We have the right to provide the manner in !
which these appropriations shall be expended. I
The CHAIRMAN. The manner of expend- j
ing t!ie appropriations contained m this bill are j
regulated by existing law; and the amendment
proposing to change and control, or give direc-
tion as to the manner tliey are to be expended,
changes existing law.
Mr. GROW. The Chair will remember, that
'during the last Congress, amendments precisely
similar were held to be in order, and the decision
of the Chair was twice sustained upon appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no partic-
ular recollection upon the subject. He has decided
in the way he believes to be right. The President
is bound to exeicise the authority vested in him by
law, and the gentleman's amendment is not in
order here, for it proposes to change that law.
Mr. GROW. That is begging the question. I
take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order because it changes existing law.
Mr. GROW. I demand tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Underwood were appointed.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I offer the
following amendment:
Jlw! be it further enacted, That there be, and hereby is,
appmpnated out of any money m the Treas-ury not other-
wise appropuated, whatever amount may be necessary to
enable the Secretary of the Treaty to deft ay the expenses
neces^anlv inclined by the territorial governments or Oie-
gon and Washington tn the suppression of Indian hostilities
therein in the \ear5 1855 and 1858. so far as the claims gtow-
ing out of said war have beun adjudicated by the connnis-
eioners appointed for that pu>po^e, agreeably to the provis-
ions of the eleventh section of the act nf the 18th August,
1856, entitled " An act making appiopnation^ lor ceitciiu
civil expenses of tlx* Government for the jeat ending 30th
June, 1857/' and have been reported to the "War Depart-
ment, bv said commifRioner?. lor payment.
be lUfut ther enacted, Th.it the amounts severally
found due to the parties contained m the report of the said
commissioners shall be paid to the said parties respectively,
or theii legal lepre-entatives, or to the a^-ignces or auot-
neys, duly constituted and appointed, of «-aid parties, any-
thing in the net appioved July 29, 18-10, or m the actor
Februaiy, 1853, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order
oil that amendment. My point is, that it is not
m the nature of a regular appropuation, and
therefore not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that
bill be laid aside, to be reported to the Hou;
The motion was agreed to.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee next proceed to the consideration of
the mail-steamer appropriation bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. , ,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the first
reading of the bill for information be dispensed
with.
Mr. REAGAN objected.
The lull was read in extenso.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope that that
bill will not pass. There aie certain levelations
in relation to that ocean mail service which 1
desire to announce to the committee. I have no
disposition to make war upon any of the heads
of any of the Departments of this Government,
yet 1 do think that it is time that Congress should
take into its own hands more of the legislation of
the country than they seem to have been in the
habit of doing for some time past. For one, I
stand upon this floor, having the right to exercise j
my privileges; here independently, and without
restraint or restriction. This whole question has
been before the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads during the present session of Con-
gress, and although we have been in session for
the last six months we have made no report to
this House. So far as the expense is concerned,
I can say that there is but one line or contract
between New York and Europe, by virtue of an^
law with winch I am familiar. A large part of
that appropriation is intended to authorize the
Postmaster General to contract with other com-
panies to perform additional service, to commence
111 New York and to extend to certain points in
Europe. The old contracts have expired, and
during the last twelve months the service has been
performed under contract with the Postmaster
General, those taking the mails agreeing to take
them for the postage accruing, as compensation.
We are now informed that those contracts cannot
be renewed on the same terms, and we are asked [
to authorize the Postmaster General to make con-
tracts for carrying the mails from New York to
certain points of Europe.
Now, I say it is not just to the different sec-
tions of this Union that tins policy should be con-
tinued. It is not proper that New York should
be allowed the privileges of three lines; to control
the operations of the commerce of this country;
to become the exclusive carrier of letters between
the United States and Europe, to the exclusion
of every other portion of the United States. It is
this policy which has given to the city of New
York advantages over our southern cities. It is
this policy which deprives New Orleans—a city
which exports three times as much as the city of
New York—from competing with New York. It
is this policy which deprives Charleston, Savan-
nah, Philadelphia, and other points upon this con-
tinent, of the opportunity of competing fairly in
the commercial operalions of the country with
New York. Subsidize a vessel that sails from i
New York to Europe, and of course a vessel call- ;
not sail from Savannah, Philadelphia, or New '
Orleans, upon terms equally as advantageous. ;
Mr. SANDIDGE. I wish, in good taith, to |
offer an amendment to this bill, which I think is j
of very great importance; but inasmuch as points i
! of order are frequently raised by the chairman j
! of the Committee of Ways and Means, when
I amendments are offered, I wish to inquue of htm (
| whether there is any existing law for that portion
I of the bill included in lines eleven and thirteen, .
inclusive, which I propose to strike out by my
amendment? i
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will answer the
i gentleman that there is a law. The act of 1845 j
i authorized the Postmaster General to make con- i
tracts to carry the mails, and the bill only appro- j
! priates money to carry out those contracts,
■i Mr. SANDIDGE. I understand that. :
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will allow me a few minutes of his time, I will
] explain the whole matter; and I wish, in the same ,
II connection, to say a word m reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
The estimates for the steam mail service were not
; sent to the Committee of Ways and Means until
11 the 25th of April. The reason was, a desire upon
11 the part of the Postmaster General and the Ad-
.! ministration, that the whole system of mail ser-
< vice upon the ocean might be revised. One or
' two contracts have expired, and there is but one
now subsisting, and that is with the Collins line.
; The Postmaster General has declined to renew
; each contract as it expired, in order that Congress
1 might take up the system and revise it thoroughly.
The Department waited until the 25th of April.
: I waited that long for the estimates. They were
I withheld on the ground of necessity. But Con-
1 o-ress fixed the day of adjournment, and it came
' to the point that the responsibility of the suspen-
' sion of this branch of the service had to fall either
i! upon the executive branch of the Government or
I! upon Congress. Having waited until that time,
'' and seeing that Congress took no action in the
1 way of revising the system, the Postmaster Gen-
eral felt it his duty to submit his estimates on-a
temporary basis—that is, for one year.
Mr. DAVIS,-of Mississippi. I rise to a ques-
tion of personal privilege. It is said that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads had
not reported. 1 endeavored to have action by that
committee, and the reason why we did not act is,
that we were constantly informed that it was the
desire of the Postmaster General that we should
not act. And delay after delay has been interposed
to prevent action, until this bill has now been put
in such a form as to include provisions working
outrageous injustice to different aections of this
Union. I trust that a sense of common justice to
all sections of the Union will induce members to
vote down this bill, until some system can be de-
vised which shall do justice to every section of the
Union.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have found no
fault with the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, nor have I said that any one else has
found fault with it. The fact I alleged was, that
the Post Office Department did not send its esti-
mates to the Committee of Ways and Means un-
til the 25th of April. The reason of the delay
assigned to me was, that they were waiting for
Congress to take action on this subject. 1 make
no issue, however, with the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi. I wish it to be distinctly understood
that no plan has been submitted by the Postmaster
General. I understand that my friend from Mis-
sissippi takes exception to the subsisting line
from New York.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I say there is no
contract with any other line.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask whether the appro-
priations in the bill are intended to carry out ex-
j isting laws, or whether they do not authorize the
, Postmaster General to make new contracts?
i Mr. SANDIDGE. I believe I am entitled to
I the floor. I yielded it to permit the chairman of
I the Committee of Ways and Means to answer the
interrogatory which 1 propounded to him. I hope
he will answer it, in order that I may have an op-
portuniiy of doing what I proposed to do.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 hope the gentleman
from Louisiana will allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to answer my question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 wish to do so.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I will do so if 1 do not lose
my right to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will not
lose his right unless objection be made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
cannot lose anything. The debate is not termin-
I ated on the bill. I was coming to the point made
! in the interrogatory of the gentleman. The ques-
! tion of carrying on these mails is a mere question
; of responsibility. The law of 1855 authorizes the
Postmaster General to make contracts. I. have
I already said that he has made none except a tem-
! porary contract with the Havre line. That is
I consistent with the existing law, because thePost-
1 master General has authoiity to make said con-
■ tracts. Congress not having taken chargc of the
! system, he asks you either to appropriate the
! money for one year or else take the responsibility
: of suspending the lines. The only lines open aie
j the Havre line and one to Panama. The contract
: for the latter line expired a year in advance of
! that on the Pacific side from Panama. Congress
I not having made any legislation for the continu-
| ance of the latter line, the Postmaster General
! proposes to you to give him means to carry it on
j for one year, or else take the responsibility of not
I doing so, so that it maybe understood by the
! country that Congress means that all these lines
! shall be discontinued.
i Now, if it be the pleasure of Congress that the
| mail service from Panama to San Francisco shall
1 be discontinued, and also the line between New
York and Havre, all that is necessary to be done
is to strike out the appropriation, and the Post-
master General will not complain. The appro-
priation for the Collins line cannot of course be
stricken out, for the contract has yet some time
to run. If Congress fail to make the appropria-
tions, I take it the lines will be immediately dis-
continued. ..... • mi- i -it
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This bill pro-
poses to appropriate between six and seven hun-
dred thousand dollars. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to state whether, within the last few
days, the Postmaster General has not proceeded to
