1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sae
cunning, and advanced always directly towards
his appointed end. If he was sometimes irritated
at seeming injustice, or misapprehension, he cor-
rected his error without even waiting for com-
plaint or explanation. I doubt whether any set-
ting sun, during his whole life, ever witnessed
his anger.
As he was manifestly unassuming and unaf-
fected, so, for aught that 1 could ever see or hear,
he was altogether unambitious. He practiced no
flattery. I am sure that no sensible man ever of-
fered him adulation. He was not, in any degree,
sectional in his policy; but he aimed always at
theadvancementand aggrandizement ofhis whole
country. Hence, fortifications, improvement of
roads, rivers, and lake navigation, everywhere
within our national jurisdiction, and explorations
and extended navigation, and telegraph commu-
nication with all accessible regions without it, in
every part of the globe—these were the achieve-
ments he made, these are the monuments of wis-
dom and patriotism which he has left among us.
It was in the studies connected with these meas-
ures that my acquaintance with him ripened into
an ardent friendship. Each of us deplored his ig-
norance of the regions concerning which we were
legislating, and as they seemed to us to be growing
world-wide, we spoke, half seriously and half
imaginatively, of going together to enlarge our
knowledge, in a voyage around the world. But
it was a thing easier to conceive than to execute;
and though it might never be executed, it was still
pleasant to contemplate.
I saw him last at the late special session of the
Senate, called to inaugurate a new Administration.
I demanded of him that he should cause one per-
sonal and political friend of mine, but who was
inoffensive, and a competent and faithful officer,
to be retained in a subordinate post under the new
Administration. He promptly responded, pleas-
antly adding, that he would make the granting of
my request a condition of his own loyalty to the
new powers. We separated. He went to his
own sunny land, and I to my home under the
genial north star.
On the last day of August, I was reentering the
port of Gluebec, after a voyage of thirty days, in
search of health along the inhospitable coasts of
Labrador. Thesyn^pathiesofhomeand country,
so long suppressed, were revived within me, and
I was even meditating new labors and studies
here, when the pilot, who came on board, handed
me a newspaper which announced the death of
the Senator from Texas. My first emotions were
those ofsadnessand sorrow over this bereavement
of a personal friend. When these had had their
time, I tried to divine why it was, that he, among
all the associates whom I honored, esteemed, and
loved here, was thus suddenly and prematurely
withdrawn from the scene of our common labors;
he, for whom I thought higher honors were pre-
paring, and a fuller wreath was being woven; he,
who seemed to me to stand a monument against
which the waves of faction must break, if ever
they should be stirred up from their lowest depths;
he, in short, with whom I thought I might do
so much, and without whom I could do almost
nothing, to magnify and honor the Republic.
That question 1 could not solve. I cannot solve
it now. It is only another occasion in which I
am required to trust, where I am not permitted to
know, the ways of the Great Disposer.
Mr. President, the teeming thoughts of this
solemn hour bring up once more before me the
manly form and beamingcountenance ofmy friend,
though it is but for that formal parting which has,
until now, been denied me. Farewell noble patriot;
heroic soldier, faithful statesman, generousfriend;
loved by no means the least, although amongthe
last of friends secured. I little thought that our
whisperings about travels over earth's fairest
lands and broadest seas, were only the sugges-
tions of our inward natures to prepare for the sad
journey that leads through the gates of death. I
do not doubt that for yourself, death isgain, since
the event was appointed by Him who doeth all
things well. It is bestfor me also, for it loosens
another one of the bonds that bind me to the
earth, divests the common fate of one more of its
terrors, and creates, through the hope of reunion,
another aspiration for a better life beyond the
grave.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 19, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced, as the committee
to investigate the conduct and accounts of the late
Doorkeeper, Messrs. Hughes, Jenkins, Purvi-
ance, Bryan, and Thompson.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state that I
voted against the resolution moved by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] to in-
struct the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
into the expediency of reporting a bill to regulate
and restrain the immigration or importation into
the United States of foreign paupers and crimi-
nals, under a misapprehension. I supposed the
vote was upon amotion to lay the resolution upon
the table. I should have voted for the resolution
if I had understood the question.
APPORTIONMENT OF CLERICAL OFFICES.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the completion of the order of yes-
terday, directing the call of the States and Terri-
tories for billsand resolutions; the pending ques-
tion being upon the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to lay upon the table the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Illinois,
[M r. Smith,] to apportion the clerks and messen-
gers of the several Departments of the United
States Government, in the city of Washington,
among the several States and Territories and the
District of Columbia.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to report
two bills, m order that they may be referred and
printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, which is the pending
question, the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 142; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bocock, Bowie, Doyce, Burnett, Caskie,
Clay, Cobb. John Cochrane, Corning, Davidson, Davis of
Maryland, Dowdell, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Groes-
beek, Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, George W.
Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M. KunkeJ,
Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Miles, MUlson,Mott,
Nichols, Pendleton, Phillips, Seward, Hemy M. Shaw,
William Smith, Stephen*, Stovenson, Miles Taylor, Tnppe,
Whitelev, and Zolhcofter—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Bennett, Billmghurst, Binghain, Bishop, Blair, Blisc,
Branch. Brayton, 13 utfin ton, Bui lingame, Burns, Bui roughs,
Case, Chaffee, EziaClaik,HoraceF.Claik,Joh B. Clark,
Clawson, Clemeus, Chngnmn, Cldik B. Cochrane, Cock-
eull, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Cox. Cragm, Jarne^ Ciatg,
Burton Craiqe, Crawtord, Cuiry, Curtis, Damrell, Da\ is of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfce,
Edmundson, English, Farnsworth, Foley, Foster, Garnett,
Gartrell,Giddnigs, Gilrnan, Goodwin, Gransier, Greenwood,
Gieg?, Lawiencc VV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas
L. Hairis, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Morton, Howard, Huy-
ler, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Kilgore, Ivnapp, Lavvience,
Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Ma-
son, Mayimid, Miller, Morgan,Montil,Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N Morns, Oliver A. Morse, Muriay, Niblaek, Olm,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pot-
tle, Powell, Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Rieaud,
Itobbins, Robeits, Ituffin, Russell, Sanaregc, Scales, Sear-
ing, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
Shorter, Robert Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewart. Wil-
liam Stewart, Talbot, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbiidge, Waldron, Walton, Wairen, Cad-
waladerC. Wasl]bume,ElhhuB. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watkins, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, Augustus R. Wiight, and John V. Wright—142.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to propose an amend-
ment to the bill, if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
strike out " States," and insert " congressional
districts ?"
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House for amendment. The motion is to refer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
modify his motion, so as to send the bill to a se-
lect committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I have had some
conversation with the honorable chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and with other mem-
bers of the House, since this bill has been intro*
duced, and I wish to say that I withdraw my
motion for reference to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and move to refer it to a select commit-
tee. i would name " seven5* as the number of
that committee, but would accept the modifica-
tion of any gentleman in the House proposing to
make it a larger number; and I would say, that
if a select committee ig ordered, and I should be
upon the committee, the views and wishes of the
gentlemen of the House would be consulted in
reference to
Mr. BURNETT. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I do notwant to de-
bate it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to move to add instruc-
tions to this motion of reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
competent to do so, under the order of the House.
The order contemplates nothing but the reading
of bills and their reference. The order is, that
each member may introduce, by leave, without
debate, as many bills as he may desire, for refer-
ence only.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is it not in order to instruct
the committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As the Chair decides that
instructions cannot be given, I would inquire if
an objection would defeat its introduction ?
The SPEAKER. Objection will not defeat the
bill. Bills introduced under the order of the House
yesterday are under the control of a majority of
the House, as far as the first and second reading
and the referring of the bills are concerned. A
single objection does not defeat it.
Mr. WARREN. I ask to have the bill reported,
in order to see whether it includes the chief clerks
and heads of bureaus. I would like to have this
bill complete.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in oider.
Mr. WARREN. If the biil is reported, and I
find that those officers are not included, I want to
appeal to the gentleman to modify it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot mod-
ify rt. It has been read twice.
Mr. WARREN. Then I hope the committee
will modify it.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to referthe bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to say
anything in favor of that reference ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would suggest the pro-
priety of so amending the bill as to make the ap-
portionment according to the free population. I
think under that the Democrats of the gentleman's
district would fare better.
The question was then putupon the motion to
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary; and it
was decided in the negative—ayes 50, noes 114.
The bill was then ordered to be referred to a
select committee of seven.
The SPEAKER announced that the presenta-
tion of bills and resolutions was still in order,
and called for bills and resolutions from the State
of Illinois.
DEPOSITS IN UNITED STATES TREASURIES.
Mr. KELLOGG- introduced a biil to authorize
the deposit of gold and silver coin, bullion, and
gold dust, in the treasuries therein named, and
the issuance of certificates therefor, convenient
for use and circulation; which was read a first and
second time; and he asked that it be referred to
tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that that bill should
go to the Committee of Ways and Means, which
| committee has charge of such;matters of legisla-
tion.
Mr. KELLOGG. I have no objection to its
taking that direction.
It was so referred.
PURCHASE AND ENTRY OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be m-
stiucted to inquue into the piopriety oi preventing, by law,
the entry or puichase, at public sale, of moie than three
hundred and twenty acres of public lands by any one per-
son, withm any single period of five years, and that no pat-
