1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
Mr. IIALE. I feel very little interest in this
matter, but I am placed somewhat in the position
of the Senator from New York, in voting upon
this amendment. I prefer the bill as it stood ori-
ginally, allowing Minnesota to have what every
other State has—what she is constitutionally en-
titled to. If you go beyond that, and confer fa-
vors on her, I know of no rule to measure them.
If we are going by favor, I do not know but we
might as well give her three as two. I am op-
posed to giving her anything; I do not conceive
that I have a right to do so. There is a contract.
She lias a right to one. The Constitution gives
her that; and, by the enabling act, she has a right
to as many more as the census—not the guess of
members—shows her entitled to; and if we are
going to give her anything,! think we had better
gjvethree. If we are going to make a presenf,
let us go the whole figure. At the same time, I do
not feel at liberty to vote for three; and I am op-
posed to giving anything. We have nothing here
to give. We are not here almoners of anybody's
bounty, but guardians of constitutional rights.
The constitution gives one member; let her have
it. If she is entitled to two by her census, let her
have them; or if to three, be it so, 1 shall not find
fault; but I will not give any. For that reason, I
am opposed to the amendment, and to the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Doolittle's amendment to the amendment
of Mr. Fitcii, resulted—yeas 11, nays 33; as fol-
lows:
VKAS—Messrs. Bayard, Ohandlet, Claik, Dixon,
Poohttie,Evan=, Hammond, Kennedy, Mason, and Thomp-
son of Kentucky—11,
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Benjamin, I5n«Iit, Broderiek,
Cameion, Clay, Coilamer, Cuttenden, Pes-sendcn, 1'ueh,
Foot, Eos?«i, CteciijGvvm, llale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Pearce, Polk, Pugii,
Sebastian, Simmons, Stuait, Thomson of New Jeiaey,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now iss on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana as a substitute for the second section,
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out so much
of the amendment as proposes to take the census,
so that the proposition will provide for three Rep-
resentatives simply.
Several Senators. Vote it all down together.
Mr. AV1LSON. Well, I withdiaw the mo-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 36; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Allen, P.igler, P.rndif, Fitch.Green.Gwm.
Iverson, Jones, Polk, Pugh.^enastian, Stuait, Winjhl, and
Yulee—14.
NAY.-5—\I< ^r.-. Bayard, Benjamin, P>igirs, Biodenck,
Rrown, Cameron, Ohandlci. Clark, Clay, Coll.unci, Cntten-
den, ]ji\on, Doohttlo, Uuikoe, Evans, Fc^enden, Fitz-
patnek, Foot, Fo-tei, Hale, Hamlin. Hammond. Harlan,
Henderson, Houston, Johnson ol Teime^seo, Kennedy,
Kinjr, Mason, Peaiee, tfitunion-, Thompson ot Kcntuek),
Thowauii of New Jeisey, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson
—:jg.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FITCH. I take the two last votes to be
an indication of a determination on the part of the
Senate not to grant the new State its three Rep-
resentatives; and I now move my other amend-
ment, providing for two with certain conditions.
The amendment is to stiike out all of the Second
section afier the enacting clause and insert—
That mik! ^tato shall be entitled to two Repiesentatives
in Congtcs^ nriui a new census be taken; that ot the thice
membci- ahead} elec ted by the people o! >,.ud .State, ai the
election hold on the second Tueariav of October hist, the
two having; leeeived the greate-t number ol loyal votes at
5-aid ol. etion -hall bo the Jtepic-ontatives atoie.r-aul; and
that whoii f,.ud coiiMte fhali be taken neam, as herein pi. -
vici<-d, ir it appeaisthat ^aid State is entnled to tlnee Repre-
sentatives, agreeably to the pte.-ent ratio of lepre&entauon, :
then the other of the said thi ce Ilepieseiitauveo elected at ,
the election ature^rnd in Oetobei last shall be entitled io Ins !
Lcatm the Tlcni^e of K-pio.-entauves ; and that it s-hall be ■
the durv of tlio ^ecretaiy of the Inteuor to eau-e a census ,
ot ?..ud State to be taken a-- soon a* praetteable, agreeably 1
to the actappioved Eebiuaty 20, loo~. |
Mr. TRUMBULL- I ask for the yeas and !
nays on that amendment. {
I'he yeas and nays were ordered. (
Mr. HALE. I am not going to make a speech, 1
but in one word to express my objection to the ■
amendment. I think it is an infringement of the j
constitutional prerogative of the House of Rep*  
; rcsentatives, who are maile the exclusive judges
I of the election of their own members. There are
1 three men claiming to be elected; and the Senate
undertakes to step in by this amendment and say
which two of the three are entitled to seats. For
that reason, if for no other, 1 must go against the
amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I think the objection urged by
the Senator from New Hampshire has been urged
here before, and it was met by the response that
it was a matter pertaining to both branches, as
these were Representatives in Congress; butl am
willing to add to the amendment the proviso which
was attached by the Senator from Georgia, " pro-
vided that nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to prevent the House from deciding on the
; election and qualification of its members;" if that
i will satisfy him.
| Mr. HALE. No, sir.
| Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from New Kamp-
! shire says he regards this as a clear infringement
j of the constitutional rights of the House of Rep-
i resentatives. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] calls for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment, he says, for the purpose of making a rec-
ord that may be referred to hereafter as a pre-
cedent. Now let us, at least, be consistent with
ourselves. Congress admitted California with two
Representatives withoutany previous law. There
was no census showing whether she had one or
ten thousand people; yet we admitted that State
with two members, and no Senator, that I rec-
ollect, objected to her admission on that ground.
Why, I ask, then, this stringent, illiberal view
of the claims of Minnesota?
Mr. HALE. Allow me a moment. The Sen-
ator misunderstands the force of my objection. It
is not that it gives them two Representatives, but
: that of the three who present the records of their
' election, we undertake to step in and say which
two of the three are entitled to seats. That is my
objection.
Air. IjRIGHT. I do not so understand it. The
House of Representatives will determine who are
the legally elected members from the State seek-
ing admission. Further, if the House should de-
teinline that Minnesota is entitled to less than
three members, I will not say that it is not in the
power of the three gentlemen claiming seats to
determine, among themselves, which of the three
will piesent themselves for admission. I believe
they can, and will.
Mr. FITCH. With the leave of my colleague,
I wish to tell the Senator from New Hampshire,
that lie is very decidedly mistaken in this matter.
We simply declare those elected who are elected
by the returns, and have the highest vote. We
do not assume to set aside the returns in any one
case. We propose to recognize those who come
here with the highest legal vote.
Mr. RRIGHT. Mr. President, { am claiming
no more for the State of Minnesota than I think
she is entitled to, I will not say by the record,
but by the record and the facts, which are befoie
us in a form that we cannot shut our eyes to. The
returns of the marshals show about one hundred
and forty-three thousand population. It is ad-
mitted that six of the counties are withoutany
returns; that in one of the countics, where about
three hundred votes were polled at the la!e elec-
tion, only about fifty persons are returned; thus
furnishing very unsatisfactory data to guide us
in the settlement of such important rights as are
involved in this case.
Notwithstanding the anxiety I feel to see Min-
nesota admitted as a State, I would not depart from
what I regard safe and legitimate rules and pre-
cedents, much less permit an infraction of any ,
constitutional provision; and if I believed we 1
were doing either I should not have voted as I ;
have done^ I believe, from the late vote taken in
that Territory, allowing five inhabitants for every ,
voter, (which I believe is the acknowledged mode ,
of computation,) that Minnesota has at least two i
hundred thousand population, and it would not,
surprise me, if an immediate census, as proposed ;
to be taken by one of the amendments offered, |
should demonstrate that she has two hundred and i
fifty thousand inhabitants. Senators say, how- i
ever, that this is all conjectural, and that we can-
not take notice of facrs outside ot the law and the
returns made under the law. I answer, Congress j
has done so heretofore; and the case of California,
which I have refened to, proves it. Again, it is not
altogether the fault of the proper authorities in
Minnesota that the law directing a full return of
her population has not been made. The means ne-
cessary to pay for this service were not furnished
by the General Government; and the time allotted
was two short in which to perform the labor re-
quired. All these considerations weigh upon my
mind,and incline me to favor, as far as I can, what
has been done by that people, even though it has
not been done in as formal and satisfactory a man-
ner as could have been desired.
I shall vote willingly to allow this enterprising
population three Representatives;and in so doing
feel that I am not violating principle, departing
from any constitutional landmarks, or setting a
precedent that can hereafter be construed, in any
way, to the prejudice of the States or Territories.
Mr. MASON. I do not see any mode by which
the constitutional objection to this amendment can
be evaded. This proviso, that it shall not be
construed as it must necessarily he construed,
amounts to very little. It is, in my judgment, not
only unconstitutional, but it is intrusive; because it
is trenching on the authority of the other House,
given to it by the Constitution, to determine upon
the elections, qualifications,and returns of its own
members. But what can we expect? How can
it be possible to do an unconstitutional thing in
anyothei than an unconstitutional manner? The
unconstitutional thing sought to be done is to give
to this State a representation based upon anything
but her population ascertained by law. That is
the constitutional mode of doing it; and if you
seek to do it in any other mode, you necessarily
infringe the Constitution; and all evasions—I do
not mean to characterize them harshly—but all
attempts to show that we have not done uncon-
stitutionally that which we have done must be
futile.
On a former day, I gave my impressions to the
Senate in a very feeble manner, to show, as I
thought, that strict law would give them but one
Representative; but yet I am free to admit, that
without a violation of the Constitution certainly,
upon the census which has been taken, we inigSit
with some show of propriety at least give them
two members, because upon the census as re-
turned, they have a very large fraction over the
representative number, and although fractions are
not by law a subject of representation directly,
yet they have been made indirectly and necessa-
rily so by giving a portion of representation to
fractions in the manner prescribed by the appor-
tionment law. I should be willing, therefore, to
go so far as to give them two members; but we
| must leave to the other House to judge who those
j two shall be. The House of Representatives may
j decide, and in my judgment they would decide
■ correctly, that the election which has been made
j of Representatives in Minnesota is altogether
• void. They had no power to elect Representa-
i tives according to my impression unless the ena-
I bling statute gave it to them. No Territory can
j elect Representatives to Congress, and the House
i may decide that the whole election is void. But
j for us to undertake to prescribe to the other House
i how they shall discriminate between those who
| claim to be elected, is to prescribe to the House
j how they shall decide upon the elections, quali-
j fications, and returns of their members. I do not
! see how we can escape the constitutional objec-
i tion.
I The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fkssknden] has
I called my attention to the California law, which
provides simply that there should be two mem-
bers, without saying who those two members
should be. I say again, I do not see how I can
be answered when I suggest that it is competent
to the House of Representatives to say that there
has been no election; and therefore this is a prop-
osition to trench on the prerogatives of the House.
The Constitution gives to tlie House the power
to decide on that question ; and we cannot uontiol
them, and ought not to attempt to control them;
far less ought we to attempt to say, amongst the
three, whom the House shall attempt to select.
But these are difficulties into which we must be
plunged when the attempt is made to do that winch
the Constitution does not allow.
The honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] says he has no doubt in his own mind
that they are entitled to three Representatives by
their population. I do not know what informa-
tion the honorable Senator possesses; but if I \\ ei\>
