urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3ji,
permitted to confide to the uttermost in his saga-
city, his means-of information, and his power to
judge of that information, the Constitution and
the law forbid me to do it. I can know their rep-
presentation only'by the law—in no other-way;
that law which has ordered.a census. I can see.
no earthly use in having another census, because
we have had one; and from the character, of thaf
population, judging from what they tiav.e d,one,
their entire ignorance of the Constitution and the
laws of the country, or their utter disregard of
them, 1 should take for granted that if we give Ihem
one, two, or three additional censuses, we shall
have exadly the samedoubtsan.d the same charges
of a denial of justice that wc have now.
The honorable Senator from Indiana did me in-
justice in the reason he ascribed to me in asking
•for the yeas and nays to make a record of this
case. It is not for a future precedent in the Sen-
ate. God knows we have precedents enough, be-
ginning with the California case. The honorable
Senator is wrong in supposing there were not
thosa who protested against allowing two Repre-
sentatives to California. If he will look back to
the record, he will find that the yeas and nays
were recorded on that; and I, in a minority, was
voting against allowing more than one Represent-
ative to California. It is not for the guidance of
Congress. Sir, I want these votes to be upon the
record, that the country may see-what the Govern-
ment is about, how we construe the law of the
Constitution, and how we administer it—the en-
lightened minds of the country, in every State of
thisUnion, whocan appreciatethecharacterofour
institutions, and will compel their Representatives
in some way to adhere to them and to preserve
them. I want the enlightened men of the country to
see what I am afraid I see here, that although this
Government is yet little more than seventy years
old, it is in an absolute state of decrepitude and
decay. Questions of constitutional law are de-
termined purely by political expediency, leaving
it in the power of a future Congress, if these pro-
ceedings are recognized and tolerated, if there is
any political end to be attained, to give to a new
State twenty, or thirty, or fifty Representatives,
in order to carry a measure. Sir, it is for these j
reasbris that I want this to go upon the record;
that the American mind, the community north [
and south, east and west, may see the actual de- j
crepitude and decay into which the Government 1
lias fallen here, within seventy years of its birth. |
I shall vote in such a manner as to endeavor to I
make the.bill conform to my opinions, although i
they may be peculiar, of what arc our constitu- j
tional duties, and with a single eye to that. I
"certainly can give no vote on any consideration ]
that would trench on the constitutional duties or
the constitutional rights of the correlative branch
of Congress.
Mr. GREEN. I do not see any ground for rais-
ing a constitutional question with regard to the
manner in which the Representatives have been
elected by the State at large rather than by sinele
districts. Althougli the appointment law in 1811
required Representatives to be elected by single
districts, that law, by the practice of the Govern-
ment, and by the solemn decision of the House
of Representatives, was decided to be unconstitu-
tional so far as it required the States to district.
It was called, m the popular language of the day,
the mandamus act. No one in the popular branch
of Congress made such all able argument proving
that fact as the distinguished Representative from
Virginia, Mr. Dromgoole. It was then decided
that the constitutional power of Congress to fix
the time, place, and manner of choosing Repre-
sentatives did notinclude, under the word " man-
ner," the right to command a State to district; and
Congress itself never did distiict. It was there-
fore called a mandamus act.
But whether that be so or not Congress has
never required the State of Minnesota to district,
and therefore her act in electing by general ticket j
contravenes no law. The enabling act said to her, |
" you may elect one, and as many more as your :
population may show you to be entitled to."
lYcrofore Congress said to the State of Minne-
sota, " you may elect more than one if you have
population to justify it," ami did not prescribe
the manner in which they should do it, and hence
they could elect by genera! ticket if they thought
proper to do so. I think, then, the idea of a con-
stitutional or legal objection springing up in re-
gard to the manner of election is altogether out of
the question.
It is, then, competent for Congress to adniit the
State. It is the duty of Congress, as I think, and
not of one House, to prescribe the number "of Rep-
resentatives to which the State-shall be entitled.
The particular individual who shall fill the office
of Representative is to be determined" by the
House of Representatives atone; but the number
of offices to be filled Congress must determine by
the act of admission. It then comes back to this
one point, what population, has the State of Min-
nesota, so as to determine the number of Repre-
sentatives to which she shall be entitled ? There
is a census return which proves a population of
one hundred and forty-two thousand, with five
counties not heard from, and two counties only
partially heard from; and we have certain evidence
before us that the census was imperfectly taken.
If we confine ourselves to the actual returns
of the census, we should allow one member for
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
inhabitants; and Minnesota has, in addition to
this number, a fraction larger than some other
States who now have Representatives in the other
House for fractions. I will give a list of the States
represented by fractions: Massachusetts has one
member for a fraction of sixty thousand. Rhode
Island has a fraction of fifty-four thousand and
has a member representing the State for it. Con-
necticut has a large fraction, ninety thousand.
Pennsylvania has a fraction of sixty-nine thou-
sand, and a member representing that fraction.
Maryland has a member for a fraction of seventy-
nine thousand. North Carolina has a fraction of
forty-seven thousand, and a member representing
that fiaction. Alabama has a fraction of seventy-
three thousand, and a member for that fraction.
Tennessee has a fraction of sixty-six thousand
represented by a member. Kentucky has a frac-
tion of fifty-seven thousand, and a member rep-
resenting that fraction. Missouri has a member
foi a fraction of eighty-six thousand. Indiana has
a fiaction of fifty-four thousand, and a member
representing it.
Here are fractions represented, one as low as
fifty-four thousand, and another as low as forty-
seven thousand, both under the law of the land.
Minnesota, with a fraction larger than either of
these, you say shall not bo permitted to have
more than one Representative, though you told
her in the enabling act under which she undertook
to form her State organization—whether she has
complied with it or not, I do not now stop to in-
quire—that she should have more than one Rep-
resentative if her population entitled her to it.
What would bo the equitable construction of the
promise held out to Minnesota? Would it not
ch-aily be that the same rule of justice which
had been extended to other States should be ac-
corded to her^ She has a larger fraction than
; other States having Representatives for fractions,
1 and it would be gross injustice to Minnesota to
| deny her a Representative for her fraction. So
j much legally for the law and equity of the case,
from which there can be no possible escape, in
my judgment. When, however, we take other
information, independent of the legal returns bc-
fuic lis, there is enough to justify us in believing
that she has a representative population of far
more than two hundred thousand. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Bright] was mistaken in sup-
posing the vote to be forty-six thousand. Forty
thousand was the highest vote for State officers.
The vote on the State constitution was between
thirty-six and thirty-seven thousand, some six
thousand of which were rejected on account of
informalities. Forty thousand votes were cast
for State officers, and according to the ordinary
rule of proportion between voters and population,
Minnesota would have at least two hundred thou-
sand population; but I care nothing about that; I
have shown you that if you confine yourself to
the stiictest letter of the law, she is entitled to two
Representatives.
Mr. FITCH. I was correct, I find, on referring
to the debate a few days since upon this question,
in my recent statemen t that a proposi tion had been
before made to limit the number of Representa-
tives to two; and objections were made to it on
the ground that it was for the House of Repre-
sentatives to designate the number. The Senator
from Missouri has conectly stated that we, as a
coordinate branch of the Government, have a
voice in fixing the number of Representatives.
The objection to the manner in which I propose
to admit these two members is, that by it the-Sen-
ats undertakes to designate the individuals who
shall be admitted. There is no such proposition
in my amendment". It names no man. It pro-
poses simply .to admit, at- present, the two mem-
bers for whom the highest number of legal vote's
were cast at the October election in Minnesota;
and probably that is the very means which the
House of Representatives itself would indicate as
the manner of selecting between the three.
It was said by the Senator froift New Hamp-
shire, who appears here as the peculiar guardian
of the perquisites and honor and domain of the
other House, that we are seeking to dictate to
them how they shall select from those three. If
this amendment be adopted, I fancy that when
the bill goes to the House of Representatives with
it, they will be found fully capable of guarding
their own interests and their own perquisites; and'
if they take exception to our manner of providing
for the election of these members, it will be for
them to make those exceptions known, and send
the bill back to us. The manner designated by
us is a mere expression of our idea of the proper
manner of selecting among these persons. If they
object to that manner, they can indicate their own;
but it is difficult to see, when the three Repre-
sentatives present themselves there, all upon the
same footing, with the same credentials, signed
by the same officers, how the House is to select
unless in the very manner 1 have indicated. Still
I am not by any means wedded to that manner.
I am perfectly willing that the amendment shall
provide for the admission of those two whom the
House may select. I intimated that I was not
unwilling to insert at the end of the amendment
a proviso that nothing in the act, as it may pass
hero, is intended, upon our part, to affect the right
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. I think it would be better for him to
modify his amendment by striking out that pro-
vision, and leave the House to settle the matter as
it may choose, and perhaps it will take the very
course he indicates. I suggest to him, that he
strike out all that portion of his amendment which
regulates the manner of selection.
Mr. PITCH. I was speaking of a proviso
which I had indicated a willingness to add to the
amendment, not because there would be any par-
ticular efficacy in the proviso, but simply to save
any appearance of wounding the sensitiveness of
members of the other House, which gentlemen
appear to think the amendment, in its present
shape, will do—a mere declaration on our part
that we had no such intention. It would have no
effect. Neither can the present phraseology of
the amendment have the effect to limit the piivi-
leges of the House of Representatives. They can
designate the manner for aught we can say, and
if they take exceptions to our manner they can
insert their own; but I have no objection what-
ever that the amendment should go down there,
providing for the present admission of two mem-
bers, without indicating any manner how the
House shall select among the three—two during
the present Congress, or for such time as the
House shall fix, and providing for the admission
of a third whenever the census shall show Min-
nesota to be entitled to the third. I propose, in
my disposition to accommodate every gentleman
here, if the amendment can be so shaped to doit,
to amend it in such manner as to meet the ob-
jections of several.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordered, the Senator from In-
j diana can only modify his amendment by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STUART. It is amendable. The Chair
refers to the power to withdraw it.
Mr. FITCH. The modification which I be-
lieve would meet the views of the chairman of
the Committee on Territories—and certainly his
opinion here is entitled to some considerable
weightas I understand lie initiated the admission
of Minnesota into the Union—would make the
amendment read;
That said State be entitled to two Itepresentativesin Con-
si ess until a new census be taken ; that of the three mem-
bers already elected by the people of the State at the demon
held on the second Tuesday of Oetober last, two shall be
the Representatives aforesa'ul: ami that when said ceosus
shall be taken again as heiem piovicled, it' it appear that
