2444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
make a contract with a company claimingto own
the right of way across Tehuantepec, adding
$200,000 to the annual expense of transporting
the mails to California; and whether, before this
Congress adjourns, an appropriation will not he
asked forto carry out that contract—and that, too,
at a time when the existifig contract across Pan-
ama, and the overland contract between the At-
lantic States and California, make the annual
expense of the mail service, between the Atlantic
and Pacific $1,300,000? Under all these circum-
stances, i ask the House if it is not better to have
this bill postponed until a general scheme can be
prepared and adopted, taking from the Postmaster
General the power to exercise this unlimited con-
trol over this important question?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In the first place,
I do not know that any such contract has been
made. It never rcached my ears before.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Well, 1 state that
such a contract is in existence.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If there is, I have
tlo knowledge of it; but 1 will give to the House
the information I have got. The amendment pro-
posed in this bill to be appropriated for the mail
service to the Pacific coast is precisely the same
as was appropriated last year. A question was
raised as to the Tehuantepec route, spoken of by
the gentleman from Mississippi, and the informa-
tion I have,informally, is that the company agreed
to take the mail across that route if there should
be any sent there within the current year, with-
out any cost whatever to the Government.
Mr.'DAVIS, of Mississippi. I state this: that
according to the information which we have re-
ceived from the Postmaster General, the contract
is certainly made, and I suppose was signed to-
day. By the terms of that contract, this new
company is to receive the sum of §290,000 a year
for taking the mails over the Tehuantepec route,
and that, as I have said, at a time when there
exists a contract for carrying them over the Pa-
nama route, for which the Government pays
$700,000, and the overland loute, for which the
Government pays $600,000, making $1,300,000,
in addition to the new contract that is now being
made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will answer my
friend conclusively in one woid. Tins bill pro-
tides not one cent for such a purpose. I tell the
gentleman that [ will go with him in not appro-
bating one single dollar for it. It is the first tune
ever heard of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. One word light
there. The law gives authoiity to the Postmas-
ter General to make contracts tor the tiansporta-
tion of the mails across a foreign country, from
one point in the United States to another. Te-
huantepec is i\ foreign country; and therefore,
under that law, he has authority to make the con-
tract; and when the contract is made, then we
shall be asked, will you repudiate a contract made
by the Government ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman lias
two remedies; one is to repeal that law, and the
Other is to refuse to appropriate the money.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If we refuse to
appropriate the money now, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads will present a sys-
tem, when they have time, and Congress can ma-
ture it, and then appropriate money accordingly.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then, if 1 under-
stand the gentleman from Mississippi, he pro-
poses that Congi ess shall postpone this appropria-
tion bill until they can legislate upon this whole
subject. I will not take issue with my friend, if
Congress would vote down this bill, and pass a
law providing for the repeal of the act of 1845,
and establish upon some system this whole sub-
ject of mail steam contracts, I would go with my
friend from Mississippi; but I tell you you will
not do it this session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We will try to
do it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, if it is the
pleasure of the committee to postpone this bill,
the gentleman can make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
bill be laid aside for the present.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Not now; L am
not through yet. I wish to make a few more re-
marks.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana is entitled to the floor.
?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I yield to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have but one or
two more remarks to make, and that is ail I shall
have to say, except in answer to questions. I
wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Mississippi to the amounts appropriated in this
bill. The gentleman speaks of tne sum total of
the bill. A portion of the appropriations are the
proceeds of the mail service. The money is not
to come out of the Treasury without any returns.
This item of #230,000 for the transportation of the
mails from New York to Havre and Bremen is
the estimated amount of revenue accruing from
that service.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
will permit, I will put the matter in such a shape
that he cannot dodvje it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I cannot yield now.
The gentleman can answer me when I am through.
The contract with the Havre and Bremen line was
made for ton years, for the sum of $350,000 per
annum. That contract expired one year ago.
Congress made no appropriation for its continu-
ance. The question came up before the Postmas-
ter General as to what was to be done with the
line of mail steamers. He had no appropriation,
and consequently made no contract; but he stip-
ulated with them that they should carry the mails
for the postages, not taking one cent out of the
Treasury.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is the Liv-
erpool line.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That is the line
from New York to Havre and Bremen, via South-
ampton. After this temporary arrangement was
made, the proprietors of that line said that the
sum of #230,000—which was estimated to be the
amount of revenue accruing from the mail service
—was too little; but that they would agree to con-
tinue the service until Congress met, and that
they would look to Congress to make some new
arrangement It is on these terms and conditions
that the mails have been carried. Congress has
done nothing in the premises, up to tins time.
Now the Postmaster General simply says to you:
either appropriate the m^ney, or alter the law,
and abolish the line. Congress have neither abol-
ished the line nor have they appropriated the
money thus far. You must either take the re-
sponsibility of abolishing the line, or appropriate
the money. Upon this point the Postmaster Gen-
eral has no feeling at all.
; 1 wish to add this: I have not a shadow of
doubt—indeed I am authorized to say—that the
i Administration desires Congress to take up this
| whole subject of majl-steamer service, and put
it upon a self-supporting basis. The feeling of
the Administration is, that it should be self-sup-
: porting. It is their desire to make no contract,
i in any event, beyond the amount of postages,
! until Congress does act. The appropriation con-
j tainedin tins bill is to continue the service for one
| year, or until the next meeting of Congress, with
1 a view to the whole system being revised by Con-
; gress. This is a mere temporaly arrangement
for one year.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to make
myself distinctly understood in reference to one
or two points. The Postmaster General, in his
annual report to Congress, reported his action in
reference to these three lines. There was an ex-
isting contract with one of them; and he had made
a contract with the parties owning the other two
lines, to transport the mails for the postages until
this session of Congress—that is, for one year.
There is, then, no recommendation in the report
—no statement that he will not be able to continue
the contracts for a number of years. The matter
was referred by the House to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Now, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania says that the commit-
tee has not acted. Why has not the committee
acted ? 1 say, sir, it is not the fault of the com-
mittee that there has been no action up to this time.
The gentleman says that the Postmaster General
has desued that the committee should act. That
was not our information. Our information was
that it was desired the committee should not act,
but that the whole matter should go over until the
next session, so as to give the Postmaster Gen-
eral an opportunity of presenting, an ocean mail
steamer system.
Now, the House also referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads the question of
the propriety of letting a contract to the company
applying for a contract to transport the mails from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, over the Tehuantepec
route. That question is now under consideration
before the committee; but without any notice to
the committee, the Postmaster General has him-
self proceeded to make a contract with some com-
pany—who it is I do not know.
I hope, sir, this House is not prepared at this
time to authorize a contract involving the addi-
tional amount of ig,290,000 to be imposed upon tho
Treasury in its present condition Efforts have
been made by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to take action upon the subject,
but the response has universally been, the Post-
master General docs not want action now; that
he desires to present a plan of his own.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I presume, after this, no
gentleman in this House will complain that I have
not been sufficiently accommodating. I wished
to ascertain of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means the fact that there was no law
authorizing the use of the money to be appropri-
ated by the tenth, eleventh, twelfth, and thir-
teenth lines of the section under consideration. In
this bill, the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to appropriate about seven hundred thou-
sand dollars in money for the transportation of
mails across the ocean to Europe. Now, sir, I
do not, in the amendment I shall offer, propose
to interfere in (he least with the existing or pro-
posed arrangements for the transportation of the
mails to Panama and California, nor between
New York and Europe If my amendment shall
meet the concurrence of the committee, I will
make no opposition to the amount of money asked
by the bill; but inasmuch as the Committee of
Ways and Means have, on the suggestion of the
Postmaster General, reported an appropriation of
#696,000 to carry the mail in ocean steamships to
Europe, I shall offer an amendment which pro-
poses to exceed that sum only by about fifteen
or sixteen thousand dollars, ami which provides,
not only for the same mail service fiom New
York, but also for establishing a hue of mail
steamers between New Orleans and Bordeaux, via
Havana, Beimuda, Fayal, and Santander.
Wc hold, in Louisiana, that if the Government
is to engage in subsidizing steamship companies
to enable them to run their vessels m competition
with foreign steamers, the great inteiests of the
Mississippi valley, and of the whole southwest,
have some claims upon,thc consideration of this
House.
Now, sir, the sum I propose, as I have stated,
exceeds only by about fifteen thousand dollars
that which is asked for by this bill, and it seeuies
not only tho same service from New Yoik, as
provided for by the committee, but also the addi-
tional line of steamers which 1 have mentioned.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The reason why
this appropriation was submitted to the House by
the Committee of Ways and Means, was that it
was the only practicable foim of getting it before
Congress. There is no contract made to carry
the mail from New York to Hivrc, Bremen,
Panama, or San Francisco, and Congress hav-
ing had no legislation on the subject, the only
piacticable mode of getting it before Congress
was to estimate what it would cost. If Congress
strikes it out, then Congress discontinues the
line; if Congress puts it in, then the Postmaster
General will make the contract for one year ac-
cording to the appropriation.
Now, if the gentleman wishes to make two
lines, and simply moves to increase the appro-
priation, the Postmaster General may infer,
that vol intend to authorize the Havre and Bre-
men Wie for one year longer at augmented rates.
If the gentleman wishes to establish an addi-
tional line, he must designate in his amendment
precisely what service he proposes.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am very glad the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
indicated to me the foim in which I should offer
my amendment, and that it will be in order. Now,
sir, I can show to this committee that, by the
adoption of the amendment which I propose, we
shall not only continue all the trips secured by
the old lines, but will have forty-eight trips per
annum,at an aggregate costot $664,000; whereas
by the bill, as reported by the Committee of
!i Ways antl Mfea-ns, yau secure only forty-two
