1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
sueb State i5 entitled to three Representatives agreeably to
the [jir^cnt latio ot'appmtionment, then the other ot tliOf-;aid
tluee shad he enmied to a seat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The latter clause I cannot
sanction. In the first place, we have no official
evidence before us that anybody has been elected.
In the next place the Senate has no power to look
into the question and say whether anybody has
been elected. By the Constitution of the United
States, that is solely left to the House of Repre-
sentatives. I therefore am not willing to say that
two have been elected, or that three have been
elected j or that one has been elected. I am will-
ing to assert merely that Minnesota shall be en-
titled to two Re pi esentatives, and leave all else to
the House of Representatives.
Mr. FITCH. I apprehend that the effect of
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois would
be to limit them arbitrarily to two members.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am willing, then, to agree
to a subsequent clause that a new census shall be
taken, and, after a new census, she shall be enti-
tled to whatever numoer that census shows. I
am willing that that provision bo added. I would
provide that, until a new census is taken, she shall
be entitled to two, and, after a new census, she
shall be entitled to the number that census shall
show.
Mr. FITCH. I will modify the amendment,
so as to read:
That said Slate be entitled to two Repieseutativcs in
Oongiess unli! a iiwccimh he taken; a*id it. when the
new census "shall be taken, hei em piovidcd, it ap-
pear that said State w eat1 lied to ihiee Repie*ep.tativei, ac-
cording to the pie-sent ratio of ie[ re--eniati->n, then another
Ueprebcntative -shall be entitled to inlmi^ion.
Mr. COLLA.MER. If I understand the prop-
osition now presented, it is, that the State shall
be entitled to two Representatives until a census
i*? tnken, and then such number as that census
shall show her to bo entitled to. The second sec-
tion of the bill, as originally reported, allows one
Representative,and such other number as the cen-
sus should entitle her to,according to the original
act. That was amended by inserting a provision
directing the census to be retaken. When that
section was under consideia*ton the other day,
the honorable Senator fiom North Carolina, now
in the chair, [Mr. Higos,] moved to strike out
" one,and insert " two. " That is exactly the
proposition now presented, and that was rejected
by a vole of the Senate upon the yeas and nays.
If there is any difference between the two prop-
ositions, i should like to know wherein it con-
sists.
Mr. STUART. I may notrememberdistinctly,
but my recollection is that it. difleis m this: if the
amend'ment moved by the Senator fiom North
Carolina had prevailed, the section, as it then
stood, would have loft it to be determined by the
census that has already been taken, when there-
tarns shall have been made complete; but the
proposition now pending is to give two members,
and provide for another census, which is cer-
tainly a different proposition within the meaning
of parliamentary rules, and is m order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand the posi-
tion of this bill, an amendment has already b'-cn
adopted, on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. WiLbON,] providingfor retaking
the census in Minnesota; and 1 suppose the de-
cision of the point of order will depend on the fact
whether the motion of the Senator from North
Carolina was made after the adoption of that
amendment, or before it. But, sir, I prefer the
bill as it was reported by the committee. The
bill, as reported, gives to Minnesota one Repre-
sentative, and as many raoic as the census shows
her to be entitled to. Is no' that fair ? Is not that
all that the people of Minnesota ought to ask, or
have a i i^ht to ask ?
It is said that the census is not fair, is not full.
I'll is has been assumed so many times in the de-
bate, without any sort of evidence, that I am ap-
prehensive that the country will get to believe
that the census was not fair. I apprehend, sir,
that the census which has been taken is as fair as
any new ccnsus winch could be taken, and espe-
cially if a new ccnsus is to be taken for the very
purpose; of increasing their representation m Con •
gress. If you send out a commission to take a
now census to ascertain how many members they
shall hereafter be entitled to, I am inclined to think
you will have practiced over again the frauds of
Kansas, and another controversy here as to the
regularity of the census.
Upon what ground is it that the census now
taken is assailed ? Surely not upon the authority
of the letter which was read the other day from
the marshal of Minnesota. He says it was diffi-
cult to get persons to take the census, and he gives
an excuse for not taking it as promptly as would
have been desirable. That is all. It is assumed
by some here that Congress undertook to take a
census in Minnesota, and has not done it, and
therefore the fault is ours. It is true that we
undertook to take a census in case the people of
Minnesota should determine to form a State con-
stitution, and ask admission into the Union; but
did Congress undertake to take a census before
the State of Minnesota was admitted? Did Con-
gress say to the Territory of Minnesota that it
might go on and elect three Representatives or
one Representative? Congress declared that a
census should be taken after Minnesota had de-
termined upon a State constitution, to ascertain
how many members she should be entitled to in
the House of Representatives; but Congress did
not a^ree to do this while she was a Territory;
and she has not been authorized to elect members
at ail. I think there is no doubt of the position
assumed by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] the other day, and repeated by the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to-day, that the
election, both of Senators and Representatives,
by the Territory of Minnesota, is a void election,
if you look to the Const!. ution. The Constitution
authorizes the Legislatures of States, not ofTerri-
tories, to elect Senators; it authorizes Represent-
atives to be elected by the people uf the States,
not by the people of Territories; and if this were
a new question, if the practice had not been dif-
ferent, i apprehend there would be no diversity
or'opinion in regard to it. It nuy be, however,
that by a sort of fiction Congress may be justified
in admitting to s<-ats those who have been elected
on the ground that the admission, when it takes
place, has lehUion back to the fine when the peo-
ple framed their constitution: and m that way, by
a sort of legal fiction, give validity to these elec-
tions. Rut there is no fault on the p.ut of Con-
gress in not heving taken the census at an eatiier
day. The difficulty is, that these persons wore
el"'ted as members o{" Congress befoie thepeople
of Minnesota weio entitled to elect. There is no
evidence m the letter which has been read that the
census v/ds improperly taken. The only evidence
that letter contains is such as the officer gm s as
an excuse for not having more speedily performed
his duty.
Now, sir, we ha\e a census fiom neaily the
whole of this Tt mtoi y, with the txeeption of
some three or four counties only, and those coun-
ties without any considerable population. When
the bill was reported by the Committee onTeiri-
tones. there, were seven counties deficient, butthe
returns of some of the counties have since been
received. This census, 1 apprehend, is a fair one.
I see nothing to impeach it; for the suggestion
that a large vote has been given, so far from im-
peaching the correctness of the census, impeaches
the validity of the vote. That is the truth about
it. Hundreds and thousands of votes were re-
turned m Minnesota where there was no popula-
tion to give them. This is the charge made in
Minnesota, upon sworn testimony, published in
the public prints of thatTerritory—that fictitious
returns have been made there; and this accounts
for the large vote where there is a small popula-
tion. I apprehend that if we -pass the bill as it
came from the Committee on Territories, we shall
do justice to the people of Minnesota, and injus-
tice to 5io one. Then if, as the Senator from Mis-
somi says, the fraction entitles them to a second
Representative, let them have it; it is right that
they should have it, but if it do/ s not so entiUe
them, let them have the one Representative. It
seems to me that we cannot better the biii by any
amendment which has been proposed to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the amendment of the bena-
tor from Indiana. The Senator irom Vermont
raises the question whether it is m oider to move
this amendment at the present time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to trouble
the Chair with the question of order, as 1 iearn
that the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was added to the section after the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina was re-
jected.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. Fitch,
as modified, as follows:
Strike out the sccond section, after the enacting clause, «
and insert:
That s aid State be entitled to two Representatives in
Cotigres-s until a new census be taken, which census shall
be taken again, us herem piovktrd; and if it appears by sard
census that said State i.« entitled to three Representatives,
agreeably to the present mho of repi escalation, then another
Llepie>eu?auves>hull be entitled tobKfeat. And that itshail
he the duty ot the Secretary of the Interior u> eau?e a oensurf
of said State to he taken as soon as practicable, agteeably
to the act nppioved Febtuary 26, 1B57.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that I have
paired off on this question with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon Mr. Fitch's amendment, resulted—yeas20,
nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bicrgs, Bigler, Brijsht. Brodeuck,
Brown, Dongia-,, Evatn, Fiteh. (Jreen, Gwin, lvei?on,
Jone^, Ma^on, Polk, Piigh, Sebastian, Shdcll, Stuait, and
WliiilK—2l>.
NAYS—Messrs. ttayard, lleniamm,Cameron, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Durkee, Fe-^onden,
Fitzpatuck, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Jiarl.iu, Henderson,
Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, Konnedv, Kins, Pearce,
Simmons, Thomson of New Jei&ey, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, arid Yulee—'37.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I believe the pending question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] to strike out the second section
of the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending amendment—to strike out the second sec-
tion entirely.
Mr. PCJG1I. It seems to me that we might as
I well admit the State of Minnesota, and leave the
] question of her representation to a subsequent
I bill; which will be the effect, I think, of striking
I out this section, for I am satisfied that, in the
; present disposition of the Senate, there is scarcely
; a majority for any proposition. I do not know
j how it is, but we have voted down one Itepre-
! sentative, two Representatives, and three Repre-
, sentatives, simply delaying the admission of the
i State. I hope we shall either pass the bill, striking
out this section, or that a joint resolution will bo
! proposed admitting the State; and then, on the
j completion of this census, or the, ordering of an-
i other census, we can fix the representation. Her
; Senators, at all events, are entitled to be in this
j Chamber. For I do not concur with gentlemen
i who entertain tho idea that Minnesota lias viola-
! ted any constitutional doctrine inelocting herSen-
! atois and Representatives. I behove the proper
j method intended by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, for electing Repiesentatives, was by a
! general ticket. 1 have, no doubt that the States
j hove a rii^ht to subdivide themselves; but I do not
■ behove Congress has any authority whatever to
j reqoiie a State to be subdividedinto congressional
, districts; and I think Minnesota, if a State in the
1 Union, would have a peifect right to disregard it
as other Spates have done. As to the election of
her Senators, she is a State from the day her con-
1 stitutton is adopted; and the moment she is re-
■ coived into the Union her Senators are entitled to
; be sworn in. No matter whether elected before
, or after her admission, they are her Senators.
i Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me,
' I will soy this: as I understand it, the objection
! js not that she has made one district of the entire
; State; but the objection is that she has elected at
I all; that she has made any elef tion. Minnesota
I is a Territory, That is the objection. I do not
know of any objection to her dunneting.
| Mr. PUGlf. That is wh'oe I think the Sen-
! ator is mistaken. The Congress of the United
! States have authorized her to form a State gov-
| rrumi'tif. Is she n Territory oow ^ Then you c n-
, not admit her. You cannot admit a Territory.
' You must admit a State. It' she is not a State you
i caimct admit her. You have authorized her to
! form a Stats; government, and she has formed it.
Mr. IiAMLliN. Suppose we do not admit her,
' what will she be ?
j Mr, PUGII. Then you reject her. She is a
' State yet. You have, made a State out of her.
' She has ceased to be a Territory. By your ena-
bling act you havu made her a State I pot the
i question again,con you admitTerritories info the
Union ? She must be a Sfate or you cannot ad-
i mit her. She has a right to choose her Senators
