1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CARONDELET.
Mr. BLAIR introduced a bill for the relief of
the city of Carondelet; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
court-house, etc., at jefferson city.
Mr. WOODSON presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Missouri, instructing her Sen-
ators and requesting her Representatives to ask for
an appropriation to build a court-house and post
office in Jefferson city, Missouri; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
port of entry at kansas city.
Mr. WOODSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read and agreed to:
Rptolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port
of entry at Kansas City, in the State of Missouri, and that
they repott by bill or othei wise.
railroad grants.
Mr. GREENWOOD introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on PulSlic Lands:
A bill granting to the States of Missouri, Ark-
ansas, and Louisiana, public lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Springfield, Missouri, via Bentonville, Fay-
etteville, Van Buren, Fort Smith, and Fulton, in
the State of Arkansas, to Shreveport, Louisiana.
A bill granting lands in alternate sections to the
States of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the city of Bates-
ville, Independence county, via Springfield to In-
dependence, in the State of Missouri, with a |
branch from Batesville to the crossing of the
Cairo and Fulton railroad, on White river.
stealing negroes.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be re-
quested to inquire into the propriety of providing, by law,
fur the punishment of the crime of negro stealing in the
Indian country.
Mr. BLISS. I object.
a bios and j. e. kendall.
Mr. GREENWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the papers in the case of Amos and J- E.
Kendall be withdrawn from the files of the House, and be
referred to the Court of Claims, the Senate having given
their claims that direction.
j. ross browne's report.
Mr. GREENWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to the House the repoit of J. Ross Browne,
special agentof the Indian department, on the Indian affairs
of Oregon and Washington Territories.
graduation act.
Mr. GREENWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in
structed to inquire into the propriety of reporting a bill ap-
plying the provisions of the act known as the graduation
act, to such lands as he within the sit miles on either side
of railroads, to which gi ants of public lands have been made,
to aid 111 their construction.
kansas half-breed indians.
Mr. GREENWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested i
to report to this House, at as eailyadayas practicable, i
any information that may be m his possession, as to the j
condition of the reserves secured to the Kansas half-breed '
Indians, under tieaty of 1825; and whether said Indians, or j
their heirs, or any part of them, are in possession of said j
reservations, together with his opinion as, to the policy and i
proprietyof taking the neeessaiy steps to extinguish the i
Indian title to the reserves, under any treaty with said In- !
dians, in said Temtory of Kansas, protecting the rights ot
the Indians, and giving to the &aid Indians the fee hi said
reserves.
hot springs of the ouachita, arkansas.
Mr. WARREN introduced a bill to authorize
the investigation and determination of asserted
titles to the hot springs of the Ouachita, in the
State of Arkansas; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
harbor of monroe, michigan.
Mr. WALDRON introduced a bill making an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Monroe, Michigan; which was read a firstand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
henry tripp.
Mr. WALDRON also introduced a bill au-
thorizing the grant of bounty land to Henry
Tripp; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
stacy lamphere.
Mr. WALDRON also introduced a bill for the
relief of Stacy Lamphere; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
malachi f. randolph.
Mr. WALDRON also introduced a bill for the
relief of the widow of Malachi F. Randolph;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
harbors of michigan.
Mr. WALBRIDGE introduced the following
bills; which were severally read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, viz:
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of the Muske-
gon river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at Black Lake, in the State
of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the harbor at St. Joseph, in the State of Mich-
igan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at New Builaio, in the State
of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of the Kala-
mazoo river, in the State of Michigan; and
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at South Black river, in the
State of Michigan.
number of troops in kansas.
Mr. WALBRIDGE also asked leave to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish this House with a statement showing the number of
United States troops now stationed in the Territory of Kan-
sas, together with the number of such troops stationed and
being in said Teiritory on the first day of each month since
the ist day of January, 18fw.
Mr. CLEMENS objected.
report of colonel j. d. graham.
Mr, LEACH asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House rne last annual report of Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. D. Graham, touching the commeice and
harbors m his dtstuct, not included m the report heretofore
made to tins House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. LEACH. If the House will indulge me
in one word of explanation, I think the gentleman
will withdraw the objection. A few days since
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Bili.ing-
hurst] introduced a resolution, calling for similar
information m regard to the harbors and commerce
of Lake Michigan. That resolution was adopted
by the House, and the Secretary of War has re-
sponded to it. It is equallv important that we
should have information with reference to Lakes
Erie, St. Clair, and Superior, and particularly in
reference to Lake Superior, where the copper and
iron business is of importance to the whole nation,
and is a growing one upon the shores of that lake.
It is important that this House should understand
the condition of the commerce and of the harbors
on that lake.
I hope the gentleman will withdraw his objec-
tion.
The objection was not withdrawn.
harbors on lake michigan.
Mr. LEACH introduced the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Saginaw river, in the State of Mich-
igan ;
A bill makingun appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Marquette, in the State of
Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of Ontonagon, in the State of
Michigan; and
A bill making an appropriation for theimprove-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of the Manis-
tee, in the State of Michigan.
DEATH OF HON. THOMAS J. RUSK-
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbfry Dickins, their Secretary, communicate
ing the proceedings of the Senate upon the death
of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, late Senator from
Texas.
The resolutions of the Senate were read, and
are as follows:
In the Senate or the United States*
January 19,1858.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect due
to the memory of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, deceased, late
a Senator from the State of Texas, will go into mourning,
hy weanng crape on the left arm for thirtv days.
Resolved unanimously, That, as an additional mark of
respect for the memory of the Hon. Thomas J. Rusk, the
Senate do now adjourn. *
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, the announce-
ment just made of the death of General Thomas
J. Rusk, late a Senator from the State of Texas,
calls for another pause in the ordinary business
of this House, and for the performance of dhr
last solemn duty, as a body, to the memory of a
great and good man.
General Rusk was a native of the State of South
Carolina, where he studied law, and commenced,
m comparative obscurity, the great business of
life. He subsequently removed to the State of
Georgia, and, in 1835, toTexas. The struggle for
the independence and separate national existence
of Texas, had then begun, and that love of jus-
tice and of right—that manly courage and lofty
patriotism which so distinguished his after years,
induced him at once to identify his fortunes with
those of the brave spirits there, who had learaed
the value of freedom and equality, and had' de-
termined to meet the perils of war rather than
submit to the loss of their civil and religious lib-
erty.
It is not my purpose now to notice in detail the
many historic events in the life of General Rusk.
This will be the pleasing duty of the historian.
Nor is it my object to pronounce a formal eulogy
upon his life and services. But I come to offer tne
grateful tribute of the brave and generous people
he has so often commanded in battle, and so long,
so ably, so faithfully served in the councils of the
State and nation.
As commander of a volunteer company; as aid
to General Stephen A. Austin; as the first Secre-
tary of War of the Republic of Texas; as the fiist
chief justice of the Republic of Texas; as major
general of the militia of the Republic of Texas,
charged with important duties, and clothed with
large powers; asamember of the convention wh ich
formed the constitution of the Republic of Texas;
as a member of the Congress of the Republic of
Texas; as president of the convention which
formed the constitution of the State of Texas; as
a Senator in the Congress of the United States;
as an eminent and successful lawyer; as an unos-
tentatious and loyal citizen, ever respecting the
laws, the religion, the institutions, and the Gov-
ernment of his country; as a devoted husband and
affectionate father—though he has fallen in the
meridian of his manhood—he has filled the full
measure of a citizen, a soldier, a patriot, a states-
man and hero, to whom the citizens of Texas
will continue to point with pleasure and with pride
as long as their hearts shall continue to beat with
the pride of chivalry, and the love of pure and
unspotted integrity, and exalted and unselfish
patriotism.
General Rusk possessed a mind of uncommon
clearness and strength, and a c6nstitution and
physical vigor capable of great labor and endu-
rance; a commanding and noble person; a pleas-
ant and vivacious temperament; was fond of anec-
dote, and full of kindness and sympathy for the
unfortunate of all grades and conditions. Indeed
his love of justice, and candor, and truth, and his
sympathy for, and readiness to espouse the cause
of the unfortunate, or weak, or oppressed, might
be said to have been his most prominent charac-
