306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
teristics* Always Courteous and respectful to his
equals, he was kind and condescending to his in-
feriors; often recognizing them, and hearing their j
suit, and contributing to their wants, under cir-
cumstances which showed that he regarded the
true dignity of man as consisting rather in acts of
justice and mercy than in holding himself bound
by the chains of ceremonial coldness which too
often separate man from his fellow.
He fought gallantly the battles of his adopted
country, and, while Secretary of War, beyond
the ordinary duties of that station, he bore a most
distinguished part on the glorious field of San
Jacinto, and aided to add another to the roil of
nations of free republican States, and to gild the
southern horizon with the star of liberty, which
once floated in lone and solitary grandeur over
the broad and beautiful plains of Texas; but which
now, in wreathed with the oak and the olive, beams
with undiminished luster amid the grand armorial
constellation in the dome above us, representing
at once the separate sovereignty and the national
unity of the American States.
Though he occupied many important stations,
and though much of his life was spent in the dis-
charge of official duty, he was fond of the retire-
ment and quietude of private life, and generally
shunned rather than sought office. This was
illustrated on several occasions in his iifc. He
was urged on more than one occasion to acccpt
the presidency of the Republic of Texas, but
uniformly declined. And at the time of the last
presidential election there, I was informed that
both of the distinguished men who were candi-
dates for that ofKce, before their announcement,
urge*} General Rusk to accept the position; and
neither of them would have opposed him. But,
when the presidency was thus at his command,
without opposition, he declined to accept it. He
refused the use of his name for the Vice Presi-
dency of the United States, and has repeatedly
discouraged the mention of his name for the Pres-
idency.
As a soldier, he was brave and self-reliant; as
an pfficer, he was cautious and calculating; al-
ways ready to expose his own person to danger,
but never rashly exposing*his men.
As a statesman, he looked to a strict construc-
tion of the Federal Constitution and the preser-
vation of the rights of the States, as the surest,
yea, the only means of maintaining the perma-
nency of the Union, the equality of the States, and
the liberties of the people, in the spirit in which
these blessings were secured to us by our revolu-
tionary fathers. And while he looked proudly on
our past history, and on the extraordinary growth
and progress of our common country, in phys-
ical science, the arts, agriculture, and commerce;
our advancement in moral science, in religion, in
laws, in good government, and in all that tends
to the civilization and imprbvement of his country
and his race; yet, as I learned from him but a few
weeks before his death, he looked with feat ful ap-
prehension to the continued and alarming agitation
of the question of slavery, as tending to weaken his
high hopes of the future destiny of the Republic.
At the time of which I speak, he was consider-
ing with great anxiety whether any means could
be adopted which would avert thust- dangers, and
secure, if possible, on a permanent basis, that fra-
ternal good feeling, and mutual respect for the
rights of each other, which should ever charac-
terize the people of a nation so blessed with all
the elements of happiness and prosperity as our
own. He also condemned, with much earnest-
ness, the new social theories and religious fanat-
icisms which have obtained a limited foothold m
parts of our country, as being full of delusion and
of danger; and, as an evidence that he had rightly
estimated their importance, some of their bitter j
fruits are now upon the country, |
But, alas! with all ius wisdom, with all his use- j
fulness, with all his goodness, with ail his honors, j
with all the devotion of a confiding constituency,
he is gone—gone from the family hearth-stone, i
from the domestic and social circles; no more to
wave his proud plume in advance of his comrades ;
in arms; no more to draw his keen sword in de- :
feoseof liberty; no more to offer his wise counsels ;
for the good of the nation; no more to oiler the ,
willing hand of charity to the needy; no more to !
offer consolation to the distressed; no more to offer ■
kind and encouraging counsel to the young and }
deserving. The scenes of earth have closed upon
him. And while we m ourn his death, we doubly
mourn its manner. It is true, he fell by his own
hand; but that hand was not moved by the natu-
ral impulses of his upright, generous heart, or
guided by that reason and consciousness which
had so long distinguished him for his prudence
and moderation.
A severe domestic bereavement—the loss of the
wife who was the cherished idol of his early
manhood, and the guiding star of his after life;
who, in prosperity and in adversity, in sickness
and in health, under all the varied fortunes of his
life, had clung to him with a constant and unva-
rying devotion, had, by the inscrutable hand of
Providence, been taken from him. To this was
added the many cares and perplexities his posi-
tion had drawn upon him. And to these were
added a disease which, it was thought, may have
affected his spine and brain. And these combined
causes, operating upon his keenly sensitive men-
tal organization, it is believed, caused his reason
to give way, and his struggling soul, unguided by
consciousness, sought peace in death.
As the purity of his heart, the prudence and
moderation of his life, the extraordinary induce-
ments he had to desire a continuance of life, and
the absence of any known inducement to desire
his own destruction, exclude the idea that he
could have been conscious of the manner of his
death, so they leave us room to hope and believe
he will not be held accountable for it before the
Eternal Judge.
1 will conclude what I have to say, by adding
that the Legislature of Texas, responding to the
general sentiment of sincere admiration, enter-
tained by the people of that State, for the worth
and services of General Rusk, has already made
provision for the erection of his statue, at the cap-
ital of the State. And a nation's sorrow bears tes-
timony that his fame and his usefulness were the
property of the whole country.
I speak here, not only as the representative of
the distnetin which General Rusk has lived, ever
since las immigration to Texas; but, as one who
has seen him at his home, with his family, around
his own fireside, amongst his neighbors, in the
court-house, on the tented field, and in the blazing
front of battle; the same pure, and just, and gen-
erous, and noble man, a tall times and everywhere,
more worthy of imitation, in his leading charac-
teristics, than any other it has been my fortune
to know.
I move the adoption of the resolutions which I
send to the Clerk's table.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved. That tins House has heard with deep sorrow
the announcement of the death of Geneial Thomas J. Rusk,
late a Senator from the State of Texas.
Resolved, That as a testimonial ofrespectforthe deceased,
the members and officer-; of this House will wear the usual
badge of mourning lor thirty days.
Ra>olrcd, That the pioeeedin^s of this House m lclation
to the death oi Geneial Thomas J. Rusk, be communicated
to the family of the dec<M*ed by the (Jlcik.
Rewired, That as a lurrher mark of lespeet for the mem-
ory of the deceased, tins House do now adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, the resolutions
before us communicate only official intelligence
of the death of the distinguished Senator from
Texas. The public voice has already been bioken
into sobs over his bier; and it is fitting that we
now, in our high estate, should celebrate afuneral
tribute to his memory. On behalf, then, of the
Commonwealth of South Carolina, on whose soil
he was born, 1 lay a glove upon his freshly-closed
grave.
Sir, the symbols of mourning are thickening
around us. At the very threshold of our legis-
lative career we have been summoned away from
the passions and strifes of political warfare, and
carried to those last scenes of life, in which am-
bitions arc hushed and rivalries forever stilled.
In the brief tract of time lying between the close
of the last and the beginning of the present Con-
gress, around how many of rhe trusted of the land
have the curtains of time been closely drawn?
Men fresh from the Cabinet, and with the prestige
of renown upon their brows; Senators covered
with august and revered trophies; Representa-
tives upholding the fasces of popular authority;
all of these, coming from every portion of the
Union, and drawing nearer and nearer, as they ad-
vanced, have mingled in that "daik and narrow
house where all human glories enter" and disap-
pear forever.
Over the loss of no one of these rose there a
deeper cry of grief than over that of the lamented
Rusk. With that intuitive sagacity which de-
tects genuine merit, and that prescient forecast
which goes forth fearlessly to meet the future,
and anticipates events ere yet they are formed,
the big heart of the people felt that a great man
had fallen; one whose step was upon the {< round
and top" of the republican ladder. General Rusk
gravitated to superiority by the laws of his mental
and moral nature. These carried him to distinc-
tion, as the instincts of the eagle carry him above
the mountains, up to the very sun. Certainly it
is a noble thing to bear, like a banner, a historical
name for a thousand years; and in turning to the
past to see, looming through the night of ages, a
series of figures, barded with iron, draped with
ermine, who resemble you, and bear the same
name that you do; but it is a shallow philosophy
that undervalues the efforts of him who starts a
noble line.
Born of humble parentage and to a narrow for-
tune, young Rusk went forth to begin the warfare
of life. Reared upon soil still wet with the blood
of patriots; educated by stirring theme&of heroic
daring; and with a heart chastened by the sac-
rifices and dowered with the wealth of our his-
toric struggle, he followed in the trackway of those
great men who had hung our political heavens in
light and glory. The splendid courage and mag-
nanimous sacrifices through which our independ-
ence had been won and established,he displayed
on behalf of that people whose cause he had es-
poused, and on whose soil he lived. Jn the very
front of the foremost men of Texas, he kept
" watch and ward," while the " lone star" was „
blendmgits scattered raysinto unity ere it wheeled
upward to mingle its brightness with the blaze of
the Federal constellation.
As Secretary of War, he organized the resources
of Texas; as military leader, he conducted her
armies to victory; as legislator, he aided to estab-
lish her civil pofity; and as chief justice, he sys-
tematized her jurisprudence.
In walking t>ack softly over the path he trod,
we may well ask what high qualities of head and
heart he had to win such signal success. As an
orator it was not given him to utter those burning
words which sometimes electrify a whole people;
those words which strike like a flash of lightning;
which penetrate; which do not stay to be scanned,
" probed, vexed,and criticised;" which illuminate
and are gone; but with intuitive sagacity he cut to
the heart of every measure, and realizing it and
stripping it of extrinsic appliances, he presented
it in a few short, sharp, abrupt sentences. As a
statesman, it was not his excellence to elaborate
theories of civic economy, or expound the rudi-
ments of government; but with a ready insight
into the needs of society, he appreciated and ad-
ministered the living principles upon which each
phase of it rests and is founded. The eminent
feature in General Rusk's statesmanship was its
practicality. The power of his mind lay in the
perfect equilibrium of all its forces. With equal
facility he unwound the threads of delusion with
which an opponent had encoiled his subject, and
presented the construction and accumulation of
proofs necessary to its elucidation.
Truth is a ray shot from Divinity itself. He
who seeks it, must seek it reverent and afraid;
must seek it m the attitude ascribed by the great
epic poet of England, to the " brightest cherubim
at the footstool of the Omnipotent throne," who
" Approach not, but with both vail their eyes."
Yet, when possessed, when realized, he who
would apply it to human affairs without reference
to the atmosphere of modifying circumstances,
only mars and betrays it. Wise statesmanship
consists in the judicious application of abstract
truth to the imperfect and progressive conditions
of humanity. It was this statesmanship that
made General Rusk a representative man.
But his claim to our homage lies not alone in
the pure and magnanimous victories of mind. His
was a genial and gentle spirit. One of his last
acts was to secure a few homely comforts to his
aged mother, who yet lives upon her native soil
in the Palmetto State. Of this, however, I need
not speak; for how many homes in the land of his
adoption have been relieved of want by the hand
of him now pillowed and covered up in his bed
of imperturbable slumber: Taken all in all, Gen-
eral Rusk was one of the men who may bo ever
