2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Chair to say that if there was a provision in this
bill for a new line and the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York was offered as an amend-
ment to that, then that he would hold it to be in
ord >r.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair said that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in discussing the
bill, stated that two or three lines were not au-
thorized by law, and in that view of the case the
Chair ruled the amendment in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania stated that these lines were not
under contract; and not that there was no law to
authorize them.
Mr. SICKLES. That was the point I wished
to make, and rose for the purpose of presenting
it to the Chair; supposing that the question of
order was in abeyance all tkis time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated the de-
cision more than once.
Mr. J. GLANOV JONES. If I made any such
statement as the Chair has referred to, I correct
it now. I stated that ihere was no contract; and
not that there was no law.
TheCHAlRMAN. The Chair would inquire
if there is any law authorizing lines of steamers?
If theie is any iaw authorizing them, the appro-
priation isproperly within the bill, and theamend-
ment would not be in order; but the Chairunder-
stood the gentleman to say that there was no law,
and that this was an estimate made by the Post-
master General for the approval of Congress, and
not operative unless there was a law passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am sorry that
the Chair should so have misunderstood me, and
I desire to correct that misunderstanding now. I
meant to stare that there was a law of 1845 which
authorized the Postmaster Genera] to make con-
tracts generally for this kind of service; that the
contracts, except that with the Collins line, have
expired; that there is no contiact. for this Havre
and Bremen line, but that the Postmaster General
is authorized by law to make a contract; that he
has made a temporary contract to carry the mails
for the proceeds of the postage; that that contract
is in existence, but that if Congress appropriates
this amount lie will make a con tract for the amount
appropriated by Congress. Thetc is a law au-
thorizing the Postmaster Cencial to make a con-
tract, but there is no contract for that service ex-
cept a temporary one.
The CfriAiRMAN. The Chair desires to know
the exact state of facts.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The line from New
Yoik to Havre and Bremen is now under tempo-
rary contract.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair now un-
derstands the gentleman to say that there is a law
existing authorizing the service upon these various
lines.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There is no law
designating any line.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no law desig-
natingany line, the Chair cannot draw a distinc-
tion between a line in the amendment and a line
contained in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a law
establishing the line between New York and Liv-
erpool, for the law directed a contract to be made
with Collins & Company. Furthermore, in re-
lation to the line from New York to Havre and
Bremen, the contract was made on proposals in-
vited by the act of 1845, which weie submitted
by the Postmaster General to Congress for its
approval. Therefore, the line is provided for by
Congress. I say, therefore, that there is a law
establishing a line between New York and Havre
and Bremen.
So far as the other contracts are concerned—
from New York to Aspinwal! or Chagres—the
contract has not expired. The contract, in that
instance, was made in pursuance of law, author-
izing a contract to be made with A. G. Sloo. The
same is true of«the line from Panama to San Fran-
cisco. Mail service was contracted to be per-
formed from New York, by the way of Panama,
to San Francisco, and there is an act upon the
statuie-book establishing that as a mail route.
I then say,in reference to the routes proposed
to be amended by the gentleman from Louisiana,
that his amendment proposes to establish new
mail routes not authorized by existing law, and
therefore it is not in order.
Mr. SANDIDGE. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is perfectly correct in
his statement.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to refer the legal
question to the Court of Claims. [Laughter.]
Mr. SANDIDGE. I wish to discuss the ques-
tion of order There is a general law which au-
thorizes the Postmaster General to establish mail
lines, on land or ocean, wherever he [tleases; but
as the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means says, there are no present contracts to have
the mails carried on two of the lines from New
York to Europe for any definite period at all.
There is merely a temporary arrangement that
those lines shall carry the mails at so much a trip.
If that is a contract under the law to which the
gentleman refers, then there is a contract; but the
law which authorizes the Postmaster General to
establish lines to Bremen and Havre, equally au-
thorizes the establishment of a line from New Or-
leans to Bordeaux.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. Now, we will
settle the question whether there is any law on
! the subject, as asserted by the gentleman from
Missouri. Here is the law of last session:
" That the following suras be, and the same are hereby,
appropi mted. to be paid out of any money in the Treasury,
not otiieiwise appiopriated, for the yeai ending 30th June,
1838 :
" For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
erpool and back, .^46,500.
^ For ticiiispoitation of the mails fiom NevvYoik to New
Otleans,Charleston, Savannah, Havana, and Chafes, and
hack, $-261,000.
" Foi tianspoitation of the mailM rom Panama to Califor-
nia, and Oiegon. and buck, #3;38.3o0.
"Sfc.2. Jiiul be it jurther enacted^ That the following
sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated for the service
ol the Office Department for the jear ending 30th June,
1K38, nut ofnny money in the Treasury atKinn out ol the rev-
enue of >aid Department, in conformity to the act of 2d of
Januaiy, 1836.
Foi tran-poitiition of the maib between Chaiieston and
Havana, a sum not exceeding filtj thousand dollar?-.
kk For transportation of the mails aeioss the Isthmus of
Panama, ^13o,000.*J
Now, I admit that, so far as the first section of
this bill is concerned, it is right, and in accord-
ance with law; but this which is embraced artfully
and ingeniously in the second and third sections,
is intended to confer authority upon the Post-
master General, or rather to give him the means
to make a new contract now unknown to law, and
having no legal authority or existence. 1 admit
that there are contracts for the seivice from New
York to Chagres, and from New York to Liver-
pool. Those arc provided form the first section.
Hut the three hundred odd thousand dollars is un-
authorized by law, and is intended to enable the
Postmaster General toestablish two ncwcontracts
from New York to different points in Europe.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missomi. By the act of 1847
the Secretary of the Navy was directed to accept
the proposal of E. K. Collins; and he was also
directed to contract on the part of the Government
of the United States with A. G. Sloo, of Cincinnati,
for the transportation of the United States mails
from New York to New Orleans and Chagres,
twice a month and back, touching at Charleston,
Savannah, and Havana. By the same act the
Secretaiy of the Navy was dircc ted to make a con-
tract for the transportation of the mails from Pan-
ama to such point as ho might select in the Ter-
j ntory of Oregon, once a month each way.
i ] Now, the lines provided for in this bill have all
!j been established by law. I have referred to the act
;j by winch the contracts were directed to be made.
; In two instances the parties are specified in the
! act of Congress. In the thud instance—the line
i, from Panama to San Francisco, and thence to
Oregon—the Department was directed to make a
i| contract, which was subsequently made with Ar-
il nold Harris, in pursuance of proposals received
jj under advertisement, issued in accordance with
jj the provisions of the act of 1847.
jj With reference to the Bremen and Havre lines,
jj as I remarked before, under the act of 1845, the
!; then Postmaster General, Cave Johnson, invited
ij proposals for the transportation of the mails to
ji different ports in Europe. He reported to Con-
h gress at the first session of the Twenty-Ninth
Congress, that he had received proposals from
the company afterwards organized as the Ocean
]j Steam Navigation Company; and the line was
j] established, running from New York to Bremen
and Havre. The act of 1845 expressly recog-
nizes those lines, and appropriates money in pur-
suance of the contracts which the Postmaster
General had made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would ask the
gentleman whether there is, as was stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from Louisiana, a general law authorizing the
Postmaster General to make contracts for this
manner of service wherever he pleases?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That depends
upon the construction of the act.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have the law here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair also desires to
know whether the service embraced in this bill is
authorized by existing law?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In response to
the inquiry first propounded to me, I will say,
that as I understand the law, the Postmaster
General may receive proposals for mail service
under the act of 1845, but no contract is to take
effect until it shall have been submitted to Con-
gress for its ratification. That is my construc-
tion of the act of 1845. I will say further, in
response to the Chair, that this bill proposes to
appropriate nothing except for routes which have
been established by law.
Mr. WATKINS. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. There is one question of
order already pending.
Mr. W ATKINS. Well, I want to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair. I wish to ask the chairman of
the committee, if it be in order for the gentleman
from Louisiana to yield the floor to the gentleman
from Missouii, and the gentleman from Georgia,
and the gentleman from Indiana, would it not be
equally in order for him to yield the floor to me
to give notice of an amendment?
TheCHAlRMAN. TheChairthinksitwould.
Mr. W ATKINS. Then I ask to have my
amendment read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That it is equally obligatory upon the Government to hold
foreign Governments to a just responsibility foi flung into
American voxels, as it to authouze Amencan vessels to
uirest the citizens of other countries upon then own soil.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman of the committee which reported
the bill as stating that there is a general law 
Mr. CLEMENS. At that point I desire to
make a suggestion to the Chair. There is no ex-
isting law authorizing these appropriations. I
have before me the act of 1845, to winch allusion
has been made by the gentleman from Louisiana
and the gentleman from Missouri; and I desire to
call the attention of the committee to a section of
that act. The following is the law:
" That the Fo&tma->tei General of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authoi ized, umiei the lesfnerionsand pro-
visions ot the existing laws, to contiact for the transporta-
tion of the United States mail between any of the ports- of
the United States, and a poi t or ports of any foreign Power,
whenever, in his opinion, the public interest will thereby be
promoted ; and it shall be his duty to lepoit to the next en-
suing Congress a copy fit each of said conn nets,'with a state-
ment of the amount of postage deiived under the same as
fai as the returns of the Depaitment will enable him to do
so. And such contracts may be made if if shall appeal to
tiie Postmaster General to be reqmied b> the public inter-
est foi any greater penod than four ycais, and not exceed-
ing ten years. All such contract?- shall be made with citi-
zens of the United States, and the mail to he tiansported in
Amencan vessel*' by American citizens. Each contract en-
tered into under the provisions of this act, besides the usual
stipulations of the rightof the Postmaster General to dis-
continue tiie same, shall contain the further stipulation, that
it may, at any time, be terminated by a joint lesolution of
the two Houses ot Congress."
These are the provisions of the act of 1845.
That act, as I understand it, has now expired.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing this debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I have the floor, I believe,
but I shall not trouble the committee long, and,
if the object is to close debate, I have no objec-
tion to yielding the floor now.
Mr. GARNETT. I suppose the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] has no right to
take the floor from the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Seward.]
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Georgia
has yielded the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania not to move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate
on this bill. There are important, amendments
to be offered—amendments which should be ma-
