1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL..GLOBE.
March 31,
as she pleases, in ibe absence of an act of Con-
gress, at whatever time she pleases.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
i Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask him whether it is in, the
power of Congress to authorize a State to form
a constitution and be an independent sovereignty
out of the Union!
Mr. PUGH. Certainly; can we not alienate
our territory ? We have done-it.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to interrupt him ? -
Mr. PUGH- Certainly. .
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask Senators on
the other side if they did not vote to admit Mr.
Shields and Mr. Rice as Senators from Minne-
sota, under .a proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden?]
Mr. HALE. I did not; I am one on this side.
Mr. HAMLIN. Nor I.
Mr., PUGH. The question was debated in the
Committee on tlie Judiciary; I do not know that
■we arrived at a definite conclusion on that point.
I know some of us were of opinion—that was my
opinion, and it was the opinion of at least one
other member of the committee—that Minnesota
.was a State, but not a State in the Union; that,
not having complied with every condition of the
enabling act, she was not in the Union. But if
she had complied with it, if she had held a con-
vention of the proper number of delegates, and
formed her constitution, it was my opinion then,
and it is now, that she would be entitled to have
her Senators sworn in without any further actof
admission. 1 ask Senators why it is that we make
fish of one, and flesh of another? That was the
case of my State. There was nothing else ever
done for her but to pass an enabling act; and that
was the first enabling act that was ever passed.
It is the example from which all the rest come.
It Was in the time of Mr. Jefferson. It was con-
sidered by the ablest statesmen of this country;
and their excuse for the enabling act, their idea
of the enabling act, was, that it was an act of
admission beforehand, to become complete, and
the admission to become perfect, 011 the perform-
ance of a condition subsequent. When Ohio per-
formed the condition, held her convention, made ,
lier constitution, and sent it here, it was referred ;
to a select committee, to examine into the ques-'
tion; and the committee reported that she was a j
State in the Union, and that there was nothing !
more necessary than to establish a district court, j
I have said that five or six times this session; but
it is a vital fact in all this controversy. Her Sen-
ators presented their credentials, and took their
seats.
If you say that Minnesota is now a Territory,
Ohio is a Terntoi y too, for she never bad any act
of admission. The State of Minnesota has been
created by your authority; you defined her limits.
She has not perfectly complied with the condi-
tions 011 which you agreed to receive her into the
Union, but she lias complied with the conditions
on which you agreed she should be a State; she
has formed her State government; and now the
question is, shall we, the Senators from other
States, fix tiie time of her election for Senators?
We have 110 power to do that. We can, by gen-
eral law, provide for the time of election i 11 all the
States, but we never have done it. It belongs to
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota to fix
the time, place, and manner of electing her Sena-
tors and her Representatives, and to nobody else.
We here, in a judicial capacity, hereafter may Sit
on the question of the regularity of this election.
We have no power to sit on it in any legislative
capacity. The other House may sit m judgment
on the question of the election of a Representa- '
live, in a judicial capacity.
Now, shall we go on protracting this anomalous
condition of things? Here is a State formed by
our direction and consent, a State out of the Unibn,
a State with her Legislature in session, passing
laws; and on the question of whether the census ,
was rightfully taken or wrongly taken, we are to
protract the discussion indefinitely. I hope we :
shall simply ignore the question of the number of
lier Representatives; give her some representation '
jn this branch if we cannot in the other; or leave '
that as a question of privilege to the other House;
strike out the entire section; let the enabling act
stand. That io the last legislation of Congress.
That provided that she should have one Repre-
sentative, and as-many more as the census should
entitle her to. If it is a fair census, that fixes it. If
it is an unfair census, let the House of Represent-
atives decide that question. I hope the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, to strike out the whole
section, will now be carried.
Mr. IVERSON. Is the bill now open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Since the mo-
tion of the Senator from Illinois was made to
strike out the second section, there has been an
amendment to that section, but the Chair under-
stands the effect of the motion to be to strike out
the entire section as amended.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to offer a substitute
for the section:
Thut said State shall be entitled to two Representatives
in Congress, until tile next apportionment ot ilepresent-
alives amongf-t tile several States.
I offer this naked proposition for two Repre-
sentatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia is in order, being
a proposition to perfect the section.
Mr. IVERSON" called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 23, nays 2G; as follows:
YfJAS—Mcssis. Atfen, Bigg*, Bi'gler, Bright, Brodericit,
Urown, Douglas, Kvaris, t'lleh, Green, Gwm, Hammond,
Iveroim, Johns on of Tennessee, Jones, Mason, Polk, l'ugh,
Sebastian, Slidoll, Stuart, Thomson of New Jeisov, and
Wiight—23.
NAY'S—Messrs. Henjamin, Cameron, Ohnmllor, Ckir!;,
Clay, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, DoohtMe, Dnrkee, Fes-
scmlcn, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan,
Henderson, Houston, King, Pearce, Simmons, Ttumbul],
Wade, Wilson, and Yuloe—'26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs 011 the motion of the Senator from Illinois
to strike out Ihe entire second section.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw my motion, as
the whole question has been voted upon.
Mr, PUGtl. I icnew the motion to strike out
the second suction.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire,to renew the ob-
jection which 1 before made to striking out this
section, because I still retain the same opinion in
ri'huit)!! to it which I then expressed. I do not
think the motion which is now made necessarily
involves the question whether the Territory has
become a State, or is in a transition condition.
The honorable Senator from Ohio was led into the
discussion of that from some interrogatories put to
him. But, sir, the Senate has never passed upon
that question. It was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and the committee were unan-
imous in the conclusion that Minnesota was not
a State in the Union. I look upon it that when
any action takes place by a Teiritory under an
enabling act for the formation of a State—and I
take the case of an enabling act because that is the
strongest form in which it. can he put—all its
moasutes are subjunctive, dependent on the re- .
suits of its being admitted. Everything is taken
merely as an arrangement of a State dependent
on that result; and if tt is not admitted it goes for
nothing. It is always subjunctive, dependent on
the action of Congress, if Congress admit the
State under the constitution it fonns, all is effect-
ive; if not, it amounts to nothing. Therefore the
proceedings taken in Minnesota under the ena-
bling act, unless she be admitted by Congress, go
for nothing; she is no State: she is no State out
of the Union; she is no State at all
Cut, sir, I come to the question, what will be
the legal effect of striking out this section ? The
Senator from Ohio seems to take it for granted
that the legal eflect will be that the State will be
admitted without any regulation for her represent-
ation, and that that will be a mutter for future
action. That i.s not my view of it; it is not the
view entertained by the committee who reported
this bill. The last legislation of Congress is the I
operative legislation on every subject. An en- j
abhng act was passed, authorizing the formation |
of a constitution in Minnesota. A constitution |
has been foimcd there by the people of that Ter- \
ritory, and it contains a provision that they shall j
be entitled to three Representatives in Congress, j
if we sti ike out the second scction of this bill, and i
admit the Static under that constitution, I take it '
that we allow her three Rt.'prcsr-ntatives; because |
the last legislation is tho acceptance of the eon- ;
stitution claiming and providing for three IVpre- 1
sentatives. That will be the effect of passing this
bill without this section; and I think that cannot
be avoided. Gentlemen may differ with me in
opinion on this point; but, in my estimation, not
only will this be the l£gal effect, but it will cer-
tainly be the practical effect. If Senators are pre-
Eared for that, and mean to allow the three mem-
ers, as i suppose some do, then strike out tho
section, and Minnesota will have the three. But
if you leave the section as it is, she will have one
certainly, and as many more as her census sho.ws
her to be entitled to. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As we are in the imme-
diate neighborhood of Minnesota, the Represent-
atives of Wisconsin feel of necessity an interest
and a sympathy with this young State. I desire
that justice shall be done to Minnesota; and I be-
lieve that the bill, as it was reported^ by the com-
mittee, with the amendment which has been al-
ready adopted, will do justice to her. I believe
that she is entitled to more than one Representa-
tive; and the census would show it, if her popu-
lation had been fairly enumerated. I believe that
Minnesota has a population of over two hundred
thousand. The census that has been taken, im-
perfect as it was, shows a population of one hun-
dred and forty-two thousand. That is sufficient for
one member, and leaves a very large fraction.
There is other evidence going to show that her
population is still greater than was returned by
the census. I am satisfied from this fact, and from
my own knowledge, that she would be entitled,
upon a fair enumeration, to two Representatives;
but the enabling act provided that she should be
entitled to one Representative, and as many more
as she should appear to be entitled to by a census
then directed to be taken.
Such was the law. She has acted under that
law; and the bill has been reported now to the
Senate in the very words of the enabling act; and,
inasmuch as there has been a difficulty in the
taking of the census, the amendment which was
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] has provided for that difficulty by pro-
viding that there shall be a new enumeration and
census of the Territory; and, if it shall appear that
she has a much larger population than is shown
by the present census, she shall be entitled to ad-
ditional representation in proportion to the amount
of that population. This does justice to Minne-
sota. In relation to the present persons who have
been elected, or who claim to have been elected as
Representatives from Minnesota, I understand
that the House of Representatives, on their ap-
plication, will decide the question.
The bill as it stands declaies that she shall have
one member, and as many more as she is entitled
to by the census which is to be taken. If the
House of Representatives, therefore, become sat-
isfied that she is not only entitled to one, but the
census shows that she has so large a population
that she is entitled to two Representatives, the
House of Representatives will admit two to their
scats. I believe that the bill as it stands is better
than in any other shape which has been yet pro-
posed. This is the ground on which I shall give
my vote against the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, and for the bill as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
hope this matter will come to a vote, and come
to a vote to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I voted in the negative on
the amendment to allow Minnesota two Repre-
sentatives. I am satisfied that it is a compromise
which we may be justifiable in making. It is
about as near right as we can get, and I am will-
ing to change my vote; and for that purpose move
a reconsideration, to close debate on this subject.
Mr. PIXGJI. I withdraw my motion, in order
to allow the Senator from Louisiana to make his
motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reconsider the
vote on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Iverson,] giving the State two Repre-
sen tatives.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 27, nays 2:2; as follows:
YEAS—Messisi. Allen, Benjamin, Bisrg*, Bii'Ier, Unglit,
Btodoriek, Brown, Clay, Douglas, Hvmii-, Fireli, firceri,
''ivm, Hammond, Ivvi.-oti, Johnson of Tene-esoe, Jones:,
7\kii!oty, Ma>on, Polk, fcjebasinn, Slide!!, Stuait,
Thomson of New Wn&ht, and Yulce—'27.
JVAYH—Me^i., Cameron, UhaiuUor, Chuk, Cullamei,
Crittenden, Di.\ou, DooUttle, Diukce, Fesccnd-jn. Fit/{Kit-
