384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
{May 34,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
agant expenditures of this Government will ever
be realized until direct taxation is resorted to. It
is with them, therefore, a desideratum. Whj3n
this step was taken for free trade, in the right di-
rection, as it was said, I suppose it was with a
view to direct taxation, because that must be its
ultimate effect. If it has had an effect in that way,
own it; acknowledge it; do not shrink from it; do
not temporize about it; do not hesitate and falter
about it. You have made this tariff with a view
to free trade, as a step in that direction; you need
money; youhave depleted your Treasury; money
will not come in under that system; that tariff
will not produce the money you need; you say it
will not. "What then? I solicit gentlemen who
entertain this, to them, very desirable object of
resolving the support of this Government from
revenue duties to direct taxation, to give me. a
moment's attention, while I ask of them to begin
that now—begin it now when it is needed. If
we are to have direct taxation, is it desirable that
the people shall go on temporizing in this way,
and making large permanent national debts, and
gradually shaving down the tariff of duties until
it really produces you little or nothing at all, and
then to drive the people over to direct taxation to
meet all the national debt at one time with your
whole expenses at oncc ? Can there not be a little
prudence m this matter? If you have made this
long step towards direct taxation—or free trade,
which means the same thing—will not gentlemen
produce us a corresponding provision in the form
of a direct tax to meet this want ? Bring us in a
bill for it. Do not wait until we have direct tax-
ation forcverything, but let us meet itgradually;
and if we are to have this great change in our sys-
tem, let it be introduced in such a manner as shall
not produce any violent revulsion; but shave down
your revenue as was done a year ago, and when
it does not produce as much as you want, do not
hesitate, do not palter, do not borrow. You took
the step which you did for free trade—then own
up to direct taxation; bring ill your bill for as
much as is needed, and if you want to reduce the
tariff more, do so, and make your direct tax
larger, and so on; let the system be introduced
gradually, as the people can endure it. I dislike
this paltering and hesitating. Strip it of its dis-
guise; present it in its true aspect; let the people
undeistand it as it is; own up, and provide for it;
and if there is a great advantage in the change of
system, make that change in a sate and prudent
manner.
It is said by the Secretary of the Treasury that
the commercial revulsion will soon pass off, and
we shall very speedily have a revival of trade,
so that we shall not probably need all of the
$15,000,000 now asked. Now,sir, any man at all
acquainted with the ordinal y business of the coun-
try must know that that cannot be so. If next
week there were a revival of trade, and ho much
elasticity in the business of the country that im-
porters might conclude to order importations to
any considerable amount, that would not in the
least relieve the Treasury—I mean for the pres-
ent. Why have your §20,000,000 of Treasury
notes been taken at three and a half, four, and four
and a half per cent, interest? Because the people
had no employment for their money, and they
had better have that than nothing. Now, the mo-
ment trade levivesall this money will be wanted;
the importers, the merchants, all the men engaged
in trade, will be ready to take it at six, or seven,
or eight per ccnt. What will be the eliectof that?
All your duties will be paid in Treasury notes,
and you will get no money into the Treasury with
which to meet the expenses of the country. The
Treasury notes will come in in payment of duties,
if there should be any importations; and thus the
revival of trade will not help the Tieasury, until
the Treasury notes are drawn in; and then prob-
ably they will be reissued, and come back again
in the same way. I say then, no revival of trade
can have any immediate effect upon theTreasury,
or furnish it with any relief at all, until the whole
amount of the Treasury notes has been brought
in and redeemed.
But, sir, there is no revival of trade that can
produce the needed revenue for the expenses of
the country under the present tariff. 1 do not be-
lieve ihe tevival will be very rapid at any rate, but
that is a matter of opinion; and, on this point, I
Erofess no more sagacity than other men. I say, .
owever, there is no revival which can furnish the I
needed revenue to your Treasury, according to j
the present expenses of the Government, under
the existing tariff. Nor is it true that those gen-
tlemen who were the authors of it, and who en-
gineered the measure through, expected it to be
so. They never did expect it to be so, nor did
they disguise it. They told us—and we are to
bear that in mind—that they made it for the pur-
pose of being a step to free trade; that is, they
made it as a step finally to direct taxation. They
professed that; and they should not attempt now,
m the least, to disguise it. If it should produce,
even under a revival of trade, enough revenue for
the support of the Government, it would certainly
disappoint their expectations. I venture to say,
though I may be wrong in it, that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance will not
stand in his place here now, and assert that this
tariff will furnish enough revenue. If he believed
that, he would not have been for it, because then
it would not have been a step towards free trade,
and his profession would have been hollow, in-
sincere, and hypocritical, for that is what he pro-
fessed at he ttime. Then, what are we about?
We have certainly got rid of the surplus revenue.
Contingencies happening that were not altogether
anticipated, and increasing, if you please, the ef-
fect of the tariff recently formed, have caused an
entire depletion of the revenue, at any rate. What
next? We want some revenue hereafter. Well,
was it ever expected that it would be prodifced
from the present tariff, even in the ordinary course
of business ? If it was, it was not a step towards
free trade. Then that one great object professed
was insincere or untrue.
Now, in the first place, there will be no such
revival of trade. The condition of the world does
not require it. The revival will be exceedingly
slow, and I trust wholesome. There will be no
galvanized process; it will not go by spasms; a
j gradual confidence must grow up to create busi-
j ness.
| Again, according to the scale of duties fixed by
; the present tariff, if you take the highest amount
i of goods ever imported into this country, it is
j utterly impossible that it can yield the revenue
1 the counti y needs; and if we go on boi rowing and
temporizing with a view to any such ultimate ex-
pectation, we shall deceive ourselves and the com-
munity. If we are to go to direct taxation, let
us begin by a bill for that purpose now, rather
j than borrow largely, and finally resort to heavy
J direct taxation at once to pay the loans and pay
i the expenses of the Government besides, if we
I do not mean to have such results as these, the
j tariff should be revised and carefully considered
so as to frame one which will produce a revenue
i equal to the wants of the country. I should dep-
| recate, as much as I did a year ago, that any
' man or set of men should undertake to do that
between now and the 7th of June. It cannot be
done. Human foresight is not of that kind that
could by possibility, with safety, make any such
! provision in that period of time. It was done in
I a few hours here a year ago—with how much
safety experience has developed much more fully
than I was then able to anticipate; but satisfied I
was that no such tariff, made in the manner that
was made, could with any degree of safety be re-
lied upon. 1 am happy to recollect that I voted
entirely against it, although there svere but few
who united with me. I had no confidence in it.
Experience has shown that my anticipations were
well founded. I do not deny that the revulsion
has entered largely into the occasion of the diffi-
culty, and I do not profess to say that I foresaw
that any more than others; but X did say that that
bill could not, in my opinion, produce revenue
enough for the support of this Government, and
1 did not think any man, from any consideration
given to it here, was authorized to say that he
could believe any such tiling; nor could I find any
man who did believe it. No man on this floor
professed to believe that that tariff would yield
levenue sufficient to support the Government. It
was supposed it would deplete the Treasury, and
that result has happened; but it has happened
under such circumstances, that I think no man can
be well indorsed by it in the opinion he then ex-
pressed as to its producing even that result.
I have no desire to take up further time. I
merely say that when gentlemen declared that they
took this step with a view to free trade, and of
course to direct taxation, 1 am unwilling, when it
produces its effect on the revenue, to have them
say they will not meet it by a bill for direct tax-
ation, but will go on temporizing and borrowing.
If men look to this purpose, I am unwilling that
they should lay it to a revulsion for the time being.
Iam unwilling that it should be understood by
the public at large, or anywhere believed, so far
as I am concerned, that I suppose a revenue, can
ever be raised out of this tariff to meet the exigen-
cies of our Government. I do not believe it. If
we do not mean to land at direct taxation, we
should take our departure from it now, and select
proper men m due time to consider and revise the
tariff, and shape it according to the exigencies of
the country.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know why it is that
the Senator from Vermont charges us with a de-
sign of producing a necessity for direct taxation.
He may think that that is to be the result of our
measures; that may be his judgment on our course.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to remind the chair-
man, that many gentlemen who are acting in that
way profess to desire that result. I view free
trade and direct taxation as identical; and the Sen-
ator said he was for that bill because it was a step
to free trade.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly said I was for the
bill because it was a step towards free trade; but
I have always disclaimed any wish or any pur-
pose to confine this Government to direct taxa-
tion. On the contrary, I expressed then, as 1 do
now, the opinion that the revenue of this country
should be derived from customs imposed with a
view to revenue, and not to protection. I think
that is the view which is entertained by a large
majority of both parties. I know there are per-
sons who do profess to desire a system of direct
taxation; but I apprehend they will be found to
be exceptions in any party. At any rate, I deny
that it is proper to impute to me a motive which
I disclaim entirely. As I said before, the Sena-
tor, if he chooses, may argue that the measures
which I advocate would lead to that resuit. I
differ with him in opinion—that is all. He says
it is not possible that this tariff can give revenue
enough. The same predictions were uttered in
regard to the tariff of 1846, which soon filled the
Treasury to overflowing; but I say—and at least
I am to be credited for sincerity in that, though I
may be mistaken in it—I believe that after the re-
vival of trade, (and without it no tariff that has
ever been laid would give us much revenue,) the
revenue under the present tariff will increase until
it will be adequate for any of the just purposes of
tins Go vernment.
Does the Senator from Vermont say that a sys-"
tern of revenue which will give us sixty or sixty-
five million dollars will noL be .sufficient? Does
he not think it fair to infer that as we progress,
it will be but a short time before this will give us
enough? Four or five years of prosperity will
give us a revenue of sixty or sixty-five million
dollars from tins very tariff, and will he say that
is not enough, in addition to the public lands. U
is a deference of opinion. It will be for experi-
ence to show which is right in regard to the prob-
able results of this measure.
Now, sir, to charge the revulsion under whioh
this country has suffered to the passage of the
tariff of ld.37 
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not do it.
Air. HUNTER. Then, what did the Senator
mean by saying that experience had shown that
the passage of this tariff was to produce the mis-
chievous results which he prophesied ? How has
experience shown it?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman listened
to one point of my remarks, and was busy talking
to other gentlemen during the other part. If he
had listened to all together, he would have un-
derstood me.
Mr. HUJXT&H. 1 think I did not misunder-
stand the gentleman in regard to the assertion that
the mischiefs that were to result from this tariff
he had predicted; and that experience had shown
the correctness of his predictions. T contend that
wo are not justified m saying anything, so far as
experience is concerned, m regard to the effects
