THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.-iff!
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED
BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,'D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 21
1858.
New Series No. 22.
regretted but never supplied. Ardent minds like
his keep their first enthusiasm, hut pent up like
the central fires of the earth. Generous hearts
like his give up the affections of life, but worship
their memories in the inner recesses of the shrine.
How sad, too, the bereavement! For if ever any
man had a right, he certainly had, not to consent
to death. It was a hard thing for him to fall in
the midst of the torch race of fame, with the ligjit
still brightly burning; to fall when he had shaken
off the dust raised by his lagging competitor; to
fall when he had shaken off the very weariness
of the course, and his hand was just outstretched
for the golden reward of his many strivings and
toils.
But he is gone. Gone are the aspirations of a
generousand noble intellect; gone, too, are the pre-
cious h-opes of admiring friends; but radiant and
flashing through mghtand darkness, still lives the
example of a life well and virtuously spent. The
captain who has carried his country's flag around
the world, may drown away out of sight: but the
monuments he has reared will speak for them-
selves, and the surviving crew will tell what storms
lie rode out. High deeds and noble names go
not down to silence, for history embalms them
with Pantheonic honors, and bard and minstrel
catch up the glorious theme and send it echoing
along the archways of time. The children of
genius arc bound together by household ties, and
the great of earth make but a single family. From
earliest to latest of those who wear the glories of
mind there rollsa river of ancestral blood: it rolls
through priest and warrior; through bard and
king; through generations and empires, and his-
tory with all her wealth. There are kings of
action, as well as kings of thought; and both are
blazoned in the heraldry of this immortal descent.
Among the first of these General Rusk has his
appointed place.
At how critical a period, too, in our history, did
he pass from the stage of being? There are in
the life of every people, certain hours which tell
in an appointed day, and then depart, never to
return—decisive hours, in which a people hold in
their hand the secrets of their future; in which,
masters of their coming destinies, they pronounce
upon themselves a judgment without appeal.
Human freedom never manifests itself with more
evident tokens than in such crises. It would seem
as if God stands aside; holds off his divine hand
from the circles of the earth, and waits for the
action of the creature of his breath. Man stands
alone with his good and his evil instincts, with his
conscience, and his reason: a noble impulse may
save, an unmanly wavering may lose everything.
Sometimes, from the bosom of this people, thus
hesitating and doubting, and looking for the
pathway in the darkness,«there comes an inspired
man—a man of action. He speaks, and all ac-
knowledge the power of his voice; he moves, and
few but follow m the measure of his steps.
These hours, in such an appointed day, may
now be coming swiftly upon us. A grand cloud
of witnesses testify that great events are happen-
ing around us. Government is to socicty what
the ship is to the ocean; it heaves and tosses with
every surge of the mighty billows. Abroad, rev-
olution mutters, and it may yet ingulf both ducal
crown and royal throne ui its fiery sweep. At
home, the public heart is stirred; and it will not
much longer be awed by the fiowns of authority,
or bound by the threads of a parasite, legislation.
Our mission will be fulfilled. The progress of so-
ciety is southward, and thither our Anglo-Norman
population is moving with the firm tread of a Ro-
man legion. It will yet carry its banner and spread
its laws over all this continent; celebrate, in fit
time, the union of the two oceans that wash its
boundaries; and, under the ministries of Provi-
dence, work out the final development of the hu-
man intellect m its most gorgeous and furthest-
reaching forms.
The wheel of events usually rolls with* some-
thing of leisure and measure; but roll it slowly,
or roll it swiftly, this end will yet be accomplished.
It was this mission that fired the imagination and
22
nerved the heartof the patriotSenatorfromTexas.
Along this track he moved with feet of fire; and
no penis of the march, and no weariness of the
road, deterred him; for upon him, as upon the
patriarch, burst visions of glory; and in them he
saw his country leading the Panatheneean pro-
cession of the nations, while the ascending races
of her children crowded up the mystic ladder,
the topmost rounds of which arc lost in the en-
during splendors of eternal mind.
Mr. JACKSON. If it be true that the dead can
experience the emotion of gratification at what
transpires in honor of their memory here, the
immortal spirit of the late Senator from Texas
must be gratified to-day. Texas weeps here over
his remains, because he was eminent among those
heroes who achieved her sovereignty by the
sword, and because after her incorporation into
our Union he ablyand fitly represented that sov-
ereignty in the council chamber of sovereigns—
the Senate of the United States.
South Carolina bows sorrowing by the side of
her younger sister, because he was born beneath
her hot sun; and that sun fired his heart with
much of that impetuous chivalry which charac-
terizes all her excellent children.
Georgia also approaches his bier as a mourner,
because General Rusk lived for a brief period
among those beautiful mountains that skirt her
northern frontier, and imbibed, perhaps, fiom
their wholesome atmosphere, something of that
hardihood of character which characterized the
soldier, and that robust judgment and sound prac-
tical sense which marked the Senator.
The entire South follows this procession to the
grave with melancholy, yet proud, step, because
he was her son—true and loyal to that institution
which was fastened upon her unwilling infancy,
which has grown with her growth, which has
now become interwoven with every fiber of her
being, and by which, under Providence, she this
day clothes the nakedness of mankind.
The North,too,and the mighty and still grow-
ing Northwest, all pay a willing tribute of un-
feigned sorrow to the memory of this great man;
because, whilst his heart was thus true to the in-
stincts of his birth and the fealty of his boyhood ,
it was big enough to embrace in its patriotic love
all the States of the Union, and Ins eye keen
enough to see th.it the true interests of each is
really tlve interest of all. Well may we all mourn.
A hero has left the battle-field forever; a Iloman
has departed from the Senate Chamber never more
to return.
I repeat, if it be possible that the dead can ex-
periencejoy over what transpires here, the spirit
of the departed Senator must be gratified to-day.
But, sir, this cannot be; " for there is no work,
nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the
grave whither thou goest," and these sad cere-
monies are only useful to the living. Their olliee
is twofold; first, that of the good Samaritan, to
pour oil into the bleeding hearts of the surviving
relatives and friends; and secondly, to draw from
the character of the deceased some moral by which
we may all profit.
In that district of Georgia which I have the
honor to represent heie, and among those mount-
ains of which I have spoken, there live to-day
an aged couple. Almost fourscore winters have
furrowed their faces with wrinkles, and covered
their heads with frost.. They are, sir, the father
and mother of the deceased wife of the late Sena-
ator from Texas; and however heavily the blow
of his death may have fallen in other places, no-
where has it descended with more crushing sever-
ity than upon the already aching bosoms of my
venerable constituents. Indeed, sir, the young
heart, like the flesh of youth, lecovers rapidly
from wounds inflicted upon it; but the affections
of old people become, like their physical organi-
zation, rigid andfixed;and time,thegrentrestorer,
rarely, and slowly, if at all, heals up wounds in-
flicted upon them. The young sapling will bend
instantly to the sweep of the tempest as it passes,
but so soon as it is gone, erects itself again. The j
old tree, with trunk almostdecayed, and sap flow-
ing but feebly beneath its all but withered bark,
relies alone upon the vine which has grown around
it for years as its only prop against the storm.
The relation borne l>y the late Senator from
Texas to my old constituents was not unlike that
of this vine to that tree. The last prop that held
them up has been sundered; and soon they, too,
must totter and fall. And, sir, it is simply be-
cause I thought it might be grateful to their feel-
ings that their immediate representative here
should bear some open part in this solemn drama,
that I yielded to the suggestion of my most distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Stephens,] and agreed
to speak for Georgia to the resolutions upon your
table.
Sir, I well remember the conversation I had
with my old friend but a few weeks before I left
homevthe subject of which was the dead of his
own family, and among them, the death of his
daughter—I believe, the last surviving child—the.
wife of the distinguished Senator, and the death
of his distinguished son-in-law, of whom he was
justly so proud. And I see before me nofwyMr."
Speaker, the convulsed face and trembling Hps
of the old man as he expressed to me the convic-
tion that the death of his daughter, the wife of the
Senator,might possibly have precipitated his own.
Sir, 1 will not speak of the manner of his death.
Let that charity which hopeth all things cast her
mantle of love over his dead body, and, pointing
to the noble and beautiful and self-sacrificing vir-
tue which led hitn to follow the departed spiritof
her he loved, hide forever the vice to which un-
happily that love may have led.
But we should be unjust to ourselves, Mr.
Speaker, if we allowed this occasion to pass with-
out drawing from it some moral by which we may
all profit. The late Senator from Texas was pos-
sessed of wisdom in a high degree—wisdom as
distinguished from genius; that wisdom which is
made up of sound judgment, accurate and exten-
sive observation of men and of things, and an en-
larged experience. He possessed courage in the
true sense of that word—physical and moral cour-
age, displayed upon the battle-field, and exempli-
fied in the Senate Chamber. More than these,
Mr. Speaker, and better than these, his heart was
a well-spring of deep and pure affection, whose
current ran unceasingly towards the object of his
early attachment, her who had been the compan-
ion of his manhood, and whom he hoped to keep
by his side as the solace of his declining'years.
Sir, an instinct of our nature, Heaven-born, a
faint trace of that image of purity which God
stamped upon the heart of Adam, leads us all ir-
resistibly to love those noble qualities wherever
we find them. They are golden qualities; but
alas! sir, like everything else of earth, even gold
is ever found mixed with baser metal. It requires,
Mr. Speaker, the fire of the Great Refiner, the
power of the Almighty Alchemist to remove all
the dross and leave the precious metal perfectly
pure. Sir, withoutsuch purification from on high,
wisdom, however exalted; courage, however true;
even love itself, however pure and constant, will
lead us often into error, and sometimes into vice.
Let us deduce from this a great moral, and let us
all try, under Providence, to practice it. To know
the. wiii of God, in Christ, concerning us, is the
most exalted wisdom; to do that will in the face
of every obstacle, the loftiest heroism; to suffer
that will under its most afflicting dispensations in
unobtrusive privacy, the noblest martyrdom.
Mr. QUITMAN. For more than twenty years
I had been upon terms of personal friendship, and,
at times, of intimate intercourse, with the late
Geneial Thomas J. Rusk. I first met him in the
| spring of 1836, fresh from the victorious field of
i San Jacinto, when the war-cry of " Remember
I the Alamo" had scarcely ceased to reverberate
from the hills of Texas. The distinguished leader
m that important and decisive battle, now a mem-
ber of the Senate, having been severely wounded,
relinquished the command of the army, and Gen-
eral Rusk, then Secretary ofWar, wappointed
