1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
turely considered—and anxious, as I am, to ad-
journ on the 7th of June, I do not want to adjourn
at that time) if it is to be done by legislating in
such hot haste.
Mr. SEWARD. I think I had better say what
I have to say now, and I shall not trouble the
committee long. I only want gentlemen to un-
derstand what the facts are, then I will yield the
floor: In 1845 an act was passed authorizing
these contracts to be entered into for the space of
ten years. They have now expired by their own
limitation, as I understand it. In 1857 an appro-
priation was made continuing this service for one
year.
Mr. ENGLISH, f dislike to interrupt the gen-
tlemen from Georgia, but I should like to know
what has become of my question of order? I dis-
tinctly took an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and I want that appeal decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided, on
the statement of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that the amendment is in
order.
Mr. ENGLISH I take an appeal from that
decision. I desire to say a word upon that appeal.
Mr. SEWARD, I hope the gentleman's appeal
will be entered. He cannot take the floor from
me to discuss it.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I shall insist that the
gentleman from Georgia confine himself to that
appeal.
Mr. SEWARD. I had the floor before the
appeal was taken. I was going on to say that
these contracts authorized by the act of 1845 have
expired; in other words, the law has become in-
operative by its own limitation, and that the ap-
propriation made in 1857, was only to continue
this service for one year. Then, whenever the
twelve months are out these contracts cease, and
the only law under which they can be continued,
is the general law establishing the routes. It re-
quires new legislation to continue them further.
The Postmaster General, in his report, says:
" The Bremen and Havre lines having, under the sanc-
tion of Congress, been in operation ten yeais. afford mjj direct
communication between tiie United States and the conti-
nent of Europe, and it not appealing, by its action at the
last session, that it was the intention of Congress that they
should be discontinued on the expiration of the contract, I
deemed it my duty to make provision for their continuance
another year."
So that the Postmaster General rccognizcs these
contracts as having expired; but, on account of
tho importance of these lines, as Congress has
intimated no purpose to discontinue them, he has
thought proper to continue them for one year—
trusting that in the mean time Congress will take
some action upon the subject. Now, sir, i move
to amend this bill m the eleventh line, by insert-
ing after the* word " Liverpool" the words 44 or
Southampton."
Mr. ENGLISH. I thought the question was
upon the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be in order Prom this decision
the gentleman from Indiana takes an appeal.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to say simply one
word. What I have to say is this: I think the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has shown
that the appropriations asked for in this bill are
based upon existing laws; but whether that be so
or not, I conceive, has nothing to do with the f
question of order before the committee, The gen- i
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sandidge] offered 1
an amendment proposing to establish a line of j
steamers, which is not authorized by any existing •
law. The 81st rule provides that no amendment ;
shall be offered for any expenditure not previously j
authorized by law; and the question in reference j
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from !
Louisiana is, whether it conflicts with this ruler j
I say that the question whether the original pro- i
visions in the bill offered by the Committee of j
Ways and Means are in order, has nothing to do
with it. Admitting that there may be appropri-
ations in this bill not authorized by existing law,
they do not make the amendment ofteied by the
gentleman from Louisiana m order. Not at all.
Each amendment that is proposed must stand
upon its own merits. I am not speaking at all
upon the point as to whether the appropriations
in this bill are based upon existing laws or not.
That has nothing to do with the question. I sub-
mit that the amendment is clearly out of order.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. Now, sir, I ad-
2447
mit that all that is contained in the first sectionof
this bill is in accordance with law, and that the
appropriation ought to be made, for the reason
that contracts now exist between the Government
and the parties who are to carry the mail. But this
bill, in its subsequent sections, provides for the
establishment of two new lines. I now speak of
the following provisions:
"For transportation of the mails from New York, by
Southampton or Oowes, to Bremen, and from New York,
by Southampton or Cowes, to Havre, $230,000.
" For contingencies in the mail seivice between New
York and Europe, $120,000."
Now, I call the attention of the committee to
the fact that this mail service provided for is be-
tween New Yoik and Europe; it does not say be-
tween New York and Liverpool, or designate any
particular point. So that, for the two new lines,
for which there is no contract between the Gov-
ernment and anybody whatever, there is appro-
priated the sum of $400,000, to be used by the
Postmaster General as he pleases. I object to
that; and I think that, therefore, the bill ought
not to pass. I am willing to leave in existence
the contracts for lines for which we are authorized
to make appropriations, but I do object to appro-
priating $400,000 to be given to the Postmaster
General to make contracts with whom he pleases.
I say that if new lines are to be started, one, at
least, should start from some point south. All of
them should not run to New York. If one be
given to New Orleans, to touch at Charleston and
Savannah, I am willing that New York, too, shall
have the benefit of a new line. I ask whether it
is justto make new lines for New Yoik, which al-
ready has so many,and leave the rest of the Union
unprovided with ocean mail facilities. What I
1 wish is, that either those lines be stricken out, or
i that the amendment of the gentleman from Lou-
j isiana be agreed to. It simply provides that the
| two lines contemplated by this bill shall be di-
1 vided—one to go to New York, and the other to
j New Orleans; and it provides such restrictions
| and limitations as will compel the parties to per-
j form their contract.
j Mr. COLFAX. I move that the committee rise
j in order to close this debate.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would much
I prefer first to have the pending question of order
i disposed of.
j Mr. COLFAX. I object. We have bad the
! point of order pending for nearly two hours.
move that the committee rise.
I Mr. SEWARD. I have the floor, and it cannot
be taken from me by that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker re-
sumed the chair.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the report of tho Chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union is received, I wish to make a state-
ment. I had the floor assigned to mo in commit-
tee, but yielded it for the decision of a point of
order. Without respecting my lights, the Chair-
; man allowed a motion to be made and put that
the committee rise. There must be some rule en-
forced here, and some respect for the rights of
members, or we can never gel along. I object to
the leceptinn of the report of the Chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
until this question is disposed of. 1 make that
point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ,
question of order raised by the gentleman from 1
Georgia. The Chair can have no knowledge of
what transpires in committee, except through
the report of the Chairman made to the House. 1
Nothing is in order until that report is made.
Mr. SEWARD. I am a member of the com- ,
mittee, and my statement to the Chair is as truth- 1
ful as any that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houstov] can present I leave it to the House
to say whether I am not right.
Mr. HOUSTON reported that the Committee -
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly certain appropri-
ation bills; and had directed him to report to
the House the Army appropriation bill without
amendment, and the Post Office appropriation bill
withamendment; also, that the committee had the
ocean mail appropriation hill under consideration, j.
and had come to no resolution thereon. ;i
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that debate
on the ocean mail appropriation bill close within
five minutes after its consideration in committee
shall be again resumed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the House ad-
journ; and on that motion I call for tellers.
Mr. SICKLES. If the House adjourns now,
will not the bills which have been reported go to
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. They will.
Mr. DOWDELL. 1 ask that by unanimous
consent the previous question shall be called on
those bills.
Mr. SEWARD. I object. We must have
some honesty and decency in legislation. I do
not allude to my friend from Alabama,*
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know how the Chair
decides that I am out of order.
The SPEAKER. There is no debatable ques-
tion before the Hq^use.
Mr, SEWARD. I have simply objected to the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until the question is put.
Mr. SEWARD. I know my rights. The rule
imposes the same restriction on the Chair that it
1 does on me. The Chair is just as apt to be out
of order as I am.
Mr. BARICSDALE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear no sug-
gestion until order is restored in the Hall.
Mr.SEWARD. Yery well; 1 am always will-
ing to do what is right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of or-
der.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Chair intimate how
I will be in order?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will take
his seat, he will be in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I will take my seat.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire, before
j the motion is made to close debate on the pend-
: ing bill in the committee, to move the previous
! question upon the two bills which have just been
! reported to the House by the committee, that the
' mam question may be ordered, so that they may
j not go to the Speaker's table, but may come up
! befoie the House to-morrow morning if we ad-
journ before disposing of them this evening,
j After that is done, I will, by unanimous consent,
! allow them to go over for the present, and move
| to £o into committee again.
\ Mr. SEWARD. If my objection will arrest
| it, I object, whether in order or out.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania and to the
House, if they desire to go back again into com-
mittee, that the object could be accomplished by
moving to recommit the bills to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and demanding the previous
question, and without taking the vote on the pie-
vious question, then a motion to suspend the rules
could be entertained.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to adopt the
mode which will effect my object. T accept the
suggestion of the Chair, ami make that mo-
tion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion, and allow de-
bate to close before we adjouin.
Mr. BOCOCK. I prefer to do that to-morrow.
Mr. DEWART demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rocock and
Bttfinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 53, noes 75.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn..
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before the motion
to go into committee is put, I move that all debate
upon the pending bill m committee be closed
within five minutes after the committee shall again
resume its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I had the floor when the com-
