386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Suss.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
offered in the market as a coupon loan—the first
experiment of the kind rftade in our State—and
the loan wss taken at rates varying from four'to
four and a half per cent., when our ordinary five
per cent, bonds were selling for eighty cents on
the dollar. I have no doubt that would be the
case in regard to this loan; and if this amendment
be adopted, I shall propose to reduce the rate of
interest from six to five per cent. I am satisfied
that at the present moment a live per cent, loan
would be taken very readily, and at a premium.
I believe that after awhile the prosperity of which
we hear so much will come, but it will not come
so soon as gentlemen imagine. When it shall
come, the holders of these bonds will be willing
to sell them. But for the present our country is
full of money; men fear that they can get noth-
ing for it; and they will be very glad to take a
loan of the United States at five per cent. I shall
vote for the amendment of my colleague, and then
propose the one I have suggested.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the chairman
of the committee a question for my own inform-
ation; and that is; whether the necessity for ad-
ditional clerks does not grow entirely out of the
necessity of registeringand transferring the bonds
that may be issued ?
Mr. CAMERON. I will reply to that ques-
tion if the Senator from Missouri will permit me
to do so. These coupons will be signed by the
engraver. They require no labor in transferring;
they require no signing except the name of the
Secretary of the Trensury under the bond and
immediately above the coupons. Each of the
coupons will have its date fixed upon it, and the
signature of the Secretary of the Treasury en-
graved. When the holder of a bond desires to
get his interest at the end of a half year, ho will
inclose his coupon to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and receive in turn a check. It is a very
simple process.
Mi-. POLK. Then, as I understand the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, if all the bonds issued
should be coupon bonds, there would be no ne-
cessity for additional clerical force at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I think not.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I would say
that I apprehend wo shall not get rid of a neces-
sity for clerical force by changing the character
of the bond. 1 think it probable, though I am
not familiar with the details of the books they
have to keep, that this loan will create a necessity
for a new set of accounts, a new set of books;
and 1 imagine a clerk would be necessary, though
X do not know with certainty.
Mr. POLK. While I am in favor of the loan,
I certainly do not want it to operate an increase
of governmental officers,
Mr. COLLAMKIl. 1 hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will include more words in his mo-
tion to strike out. As it was read by the Clerk,
it would still leave remaining in the bill these
words in lines nine and ten:
" Winch coitifieutes may lie transferred on lite liouks of
the Treasury, under '-ueii le^tilation^firi may he established
by the Secretaiy of the Treasury."
Now, if coupon bonds are to be issued, these
words should be stricken out.
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir; I propose to strike
out the entire proviso.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew my motion to
strike out the fifth section.
Mr. BIGLER. Before that question is taken
I move to strike out " two" and insert " one."
I think one clerk will be certainly necessary to
open the books.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be first in order. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania indicate where his amendment is
to be ?
Mr. BIGLER. It is to strike out the fifth and
sixth lines of the section in the following words:
"And an additional clerk of the same class and salary m
the otfiee ot the Treasurer of the United States."
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to these clerks, I
am not familiar enough with the details to say
what are to be the precise duties of each, but I
know they are esteemed to be very necessary in
the Department. I know that in the bill provid-
ing for a loan in 1848, additional clerks were
given. These debts create additional and unu-
sual business in the Department, which makes it
necessary, I believe, to provide some additional
clerical force. It is the only case this session
where I have agreed to vote additional clerks.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia a question. These two clerks seem
to be appointed for all time to come. What use
for them will there be when the loan is exhausted ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator desires to limit
it, he can fix some time. I presume their services
will be required for more than a year. I cannot
fix the precise time. He might, if he chose, here-
after watch a chance to cut down two clerks in
this Department.
Mr. Bigler's amendment to the fifth section
was agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
24, noes 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on striking out the fifth section as
modified.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 2G, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bell, Benjamin, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee,
Fcssenden, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Iverson, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, King, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Sim-
mon*, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilt-on—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Clay, Clingman,
Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hammond, llayne, Ilendeison, Hous-
ton, Ilunlcr, Jones, Mason, Pearce, Keid, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of Now Jersey, and Wright—20.
• So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I believe that #2,000 will be
ample to meet all the necessary expenses; but in
order to be what I consider very liberal, I move
to strike out " $90,000 "and insert " #5,000 " in
the sixth section.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
reduce thut amount. I believe the Secretary has
estimated for no more than is necessary in order
to carry out tho law if it should be passed.
While up, I will state that I was mistaken when
I told the Senate that, in the loan bill of 1848,
there was a provision for two clerks. There was
not; but there was a provision in regard to these
contingent expenses, and here it is:
" And the said Secretary may pay such o\pen«es as may
be neeest-arily incurred in pinning and issuing eeiufieatcs
of itoek : Provided, however. That tho employment of !
agents', and oi her expense* incident to this act, shall not in all
exceed the sum of $1.0,000 ; winch sum of $10,000is heieby
appiopi iated Jot the.su purposes, ami shall be paid out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated :
provided, That no compensation bhall be allowed to any
otheer whose salary is fixed by law, lor any service per-
foimed bylnm m the; execution of this* act."
Mr. COLLAMER. How much was that loan ?
Mr. HUNTER. Sixteen million dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would ask if the same plates
which were then used are not now on hand, and
may not be used for striking oif these bonds?
Have we not plates engraved tor striking olf the
bonds?
Mr. HUNTER. I believe not. I know they
had to make new plates for the recent issue of
Treasury notes. I presume there will be new
plates for these bonds. I cannot speak with cer-
tainty.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have not had coupon
bonds heretofore, and we must have new plates
for these.
Mr. CAMERON. The sum of $5,000 will be
ample to meet all the expenses of engraving these
bonds. The whole engraving of an ordinary
bank, with a circulation of four or five hundred
thousand dollars, and notes of different denomi-
nations, from five to one hundred dollars, will not
cost more than one thousand dollars. Here is a
proposition to issue bonds of $1,000 each.
Mr. HUNTER. One hundred.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope to fix it at a #1,000,
but let it be $100; and $5,000 will still be enough.
The old plates for the $16,000,000 loan of 1848
would answer now just as well as before, and I
take it, then, §5,000 would be a large sum. I
suppose that the $1G,000 was appiopriat*d for
the purpose of employing clcrks. There is no
appropriation distinctly forclerksthere,butI have
no doubt it was intended for a corps of clcrks,
agents, and all that sort of thing, so common about
a Government like ours; and they will be em-
ployed if we suffer them. There is nothing so easy
as to get a great many men about a job of the
Government. As soon as the Secretary of the
Treasury gives notice that he wants this engraving
done, you will have one hundred engravers here,
every one anxious to do this work. If it is given
out by contract, you will get competition, and the
work will be done for a very small sum; and after
the coupons shall have been engraved, there will
be nothing more to do except that the Secretary
of the Treasury will have to sign his name to the
bonds. Pie might have some trouble in doing
that. He might do like an old Governor of Penn-
sylvania, who, to get rid of the trouble of writing
his name very often, had it engraved, and had a
clerk to stamp it; but I take it Mr. Cobb will write
his name with a good old quill.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is the Treasurer who
signs the bonds—not the Secretary.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, if he is a subordinate,
he will go to work and do it. Those in higher
places generally put off the work; but I have no
doubt the officer will sign his name, and the cost
of the necessary engraving will be nothing like
$5,000.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Broderick, Caineion,Chand-
ler, Collamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Fo tei, Iluvlan, Houston, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Seward,Sim-
mons, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
NAYfc*— Messrs. Alien, Bigler, Bright, Brown, Clay,
Clingman, Fitzpatiiek, Gwm, Hammond, Hayne, Hender-
son, Hunter, Iverson, Jones, Mason, Pearce, Reid, Sebas-
tian, Stuait, Toombs, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move that the rate
of interest be reduced from six to five per cent.
I feel confident that having adopted the plan of
coupon bonds, you will be able to have the loan
taken up from one half to one per cent, cheaper
than it would be without coupons. I have no
doubt, in tho present condition of the money mar-
ket, the loan will bo taken at five per cent., or less.
The difference in the payment of interest be-
tween a five and a six per cent., in fifteen years,
will bo $900,000. It may bo said that the Gov-
ernment is not required by the bill to give six per
cent., but I wish to press upon the minds of the
Senate that the sum fixed in the law will be an
indication to bidders as to what amount the Gov-
ernment expects to pay. Men coming here to
bid for this loan will make such a bid as will en-
able them to get the highest fraction for it. If
you fix the rate at six per cent., the fraction will
approach six per cent. If you fix it at five, tho
fraction will approach five per ccnt There is
now plenty of money in the country seeking this
sort of investment, because the business of the
country is prostrated, there is no investment in
which men can put their money, and you find the
banks m NewYork, Philadelphia,and other cities
of the Union, overflowing with specie. Men are
glad to get any amount of interest rather than let
their capital be unproductive. The other day,
when the Democracy here issued the Treasury
notes, the country banks of Pennsylvania came
up and offered to take them for a sum less than
four per cent.; and so they will gladly take this
loan at less that five per cent.
Mr. HUNTER. As the bill now stands, it is
left to the discretion of the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, provided the interestdoes notexceed six per
centum. It seems to me it is wise to leave that
discretion to him, especially as there is a pro-
vision that the loan shall not be put out at less
than par. Of course, he will put it out at the
lowest interest which will enable him to get par
for the stock. He will be interested in doing that
for the sake of his own reputation. I do not think
it would be safe to reduce the limit. Suppose that,
after we adjourn, events were to occur which
might make it impossible to get the loan for par
at five percent.; the provision, then, would be
worthless to him. On the other hand, if he can
get it at par for five per cent., wo have every as-
surance that he will do so. His own reputation
would induce him to do it.
Mr. MASON. I may have great confidence in
the financial ability of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, but I think 1 am bound to have
more confidence in the financial abilities (because
of the aid that he can call around him) of the
Secretary of the Treasury. Now, the bill does
