338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
to that high and responsible station. About the
middle of May he set out, with the army under
his command, to follow up the retreating columns
of the Mexican general, Filisola, and to see that
the latter faithfullv performed the stipulations
entered into with the Government of Texas, of
thoroughly evacuating the country. On a portion
of that march, I had the honor of sharing the hos-
pitable tent of my distinguished friend. Subse-
quently, in 1840, when Texas, with no resources
but the patriotism and indomitable spirit of her
inhabitants, was threatened with another formi-
dable invasion from Mexico, I had free corre-
spondence with the lamented deceased. From our
first acquaintance to the melancholy termination
of his earthly career, every day but added to my
respect for his public character, and my waim
regard for his private virtues.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to attempt even
a sketch of the public services, or private life and
character of the deceased. That has already been
ably done, as far as the limits of a eulogy on
this floor will admit, by the gentlemen who have
preceded me. I desire only to add a leaf to the
garland which we are about to deposit on the cold
toitib of the hero, statesman, and friend. His
name will ever occupy a prominent placc in the
brief, but eventful history of the Republic of the
Lone Star. He was one of those noble spirits
who, looking forward into the future destiny of
America with a soul couscious of right, and dis-
regarding the denunciations of the selfish and
narrow-minded, dared to join the people of Texas
in their infant.struggles for political independence.
He stood by her in the hour of her trials, fie
watched over her when her borders were threat-
ened Indian hordes by and Mexican squadrons.
From first to last he was the efficient friend of the
annexation of that splendid country to the United
States; and when, in spite of all the efforts of for-
eign nations, and of short-sighted politicians in
our own country, the Lone Star was added to the
bright American constellation, the grateful State
of Texas sent him as one of her representatives
to the Senate of the United States. From that
time the name of Thomas J. Rusk has become a
part of our own history.
Among the 4 {conscript fathers" of the land, his
strong intellect, his clear judgment, his manifest
integrity of purpose, and his devotion to the duties
of his station, soon secured for him not only the
respectof his associates, but an elevated standing
in that augustbody. Before the close of his second
term, he was elected their temporary presiding
officer.
His private character was without a stain. To
stern integrity, fVailcsy candor, and a high sense
of honor, he united the positive virtues of benev-
olence, charity, and hospitality. The poor, the
unprotected,and the distressed, novor appealed to
him without receiving succor and consolation.
But I will say no more. The name and fame of
Thomas J. Rusk belong to history, and to it his
friends consign them.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Tt is my privi-
lege, Mr. Speaker, upon this occasion of national
sorrow, to add a few woids expressive of the sen-
timents of that portion of the people of the Union
I have the honor in part to represent.
Yon have heard from one of the Representatives
of that State whose early liberties he aided in
achieving; from a Representative of that other
►State which added to herancienl renown by giving
him birth; and from the friends of his youth and
his manhood, the tribute of piaise, clad in the
language of eloquence and ailection.
But, sir, there nre scenes when the geographical
lines which permit us at times to address each other
as northern men and southern men vanish from
view; and if is one of them when, discarding the
prejudices of both and education and unmindful
of theparueul ir place in this now silent Hall where
party lines may locate us, we gather as common
mourners around the grave of an American states-
man. We forget, m the sadness of the hour, the
especial measures of public policy winch, in his
lifetime, ho advocated, or the particular section
of the country with which his personal sympa-
thies were allied, and mourn together because of
tho public loss inflicted, and the national glory
eclipsed.
Mr. Speaker, when the intelligence first came
upon the North that General Rusk was no longer
in existence, but had passed from earth mid the
gloom which occasionally settled upon his life, a
thrill of sorrow ran through the heart of every
man you met. We bethought ourselves of his
place in the councils of the nation, and of the long
years of honorable service by which that place
had been won. We remembered how that eventful
period in American history, which witnessed the
early struggles of the people of Texas for constitu-
tional freedom, found him dwelling among them.
We reflected how natural it was that his young
affections should heve allied themselves with those
of a people many of whom had, like himself,
wandered from the land of Washington; and how
impossible it was that chains of governmental
tyranny, such as those their fathers had broken,
should be forged anew upon men who had breathed
the air of America, and had listened in their cra-
dles to the wonderful story of her Revolution.
We fancied, Mr. Speaker, that we saw again
the future Senator of Texas standing strong and
undismayed before the walls of San Antonio, with
the freshness of youth upon his brow, and the fire
ofatruercourage than thedaysofancientchivalry
had witnessed gleaming in his eye.
We also remembered the Jllamo; and, as it were,
heard again the shouts which heralded the birth
of an empire. We followed the little band of
brave men from the field in which their victory
had been won, and saw them gather the charred
remains of the heroes of Goliad; and, with pious
sympathy and tears, deposit them beneath the
stained earth, whose humblest sod, with nothing
but the dew-drops of the morning to gild it, is
a grander monument than that which to-day tells
the story of Austeriitz; and we listened again to
the strains of eloquence which flowed from the
lips of the weeping soldier.
While, Mr. Speaker, the scenes of that extraor-
dinary conflict were, one by one, again flashing
back upon our vision, we remembered how, when
the last victory had been secured, and Texas had
earned her place among the nations of the earth,
one of the noble men who had founded her empire
was willing to bestow that empire upon the nation
of hi3 birth.
We were reminded of that immortal man in
whose gentle footsteps he had chosen to tread;
and lamented almost that the opportunity had
been denied us to bestow equal honois upon one
of the heroes of a revolution second only to that
from which our liberties sprung.
Such, Mr. Speaker, were some of the reflections
of the people among whom i live, when we were
told of the death of the man whose loss to his fam-
ily and to his country the Representatives of the
nation deplore. He was a southern man; but, as
other northern and southern men have done, he
employed the labors of his life to give strength
and honor to the American Union.
Like other statesmen of America, while repre-
senting in our Senate the special interests of a
southern State, his comprehension was large
enough, and his patriotism was warm enough, to
enable him to uphold and strengthen the pillars of
the Republic.
The measure of his fame was full; for he was
fortunate enough to have been enabled, by the aid
of that Providence which superintends the affairs
of men, to write his name imperishably upon the
history of his country. He was fortunate, sir, to
have been, during the bright years of his man-
hood, the compeer, in the Senate, ofthose remark-
able men whose names, ay I speak, crowd upon
your memory, while the sounds of their voices
seem still to linger in the arches of yonder Hall.
With them, he will live in the grateful remem-
brance of our people till the language which they
[ spolce shall be lost to mankind, or the Republic
1 whose genius they illustrated shall have perished
| from oblivion of the lessons they taught.
I Mr. Speaker, I had not an intimate personal
| acquaintance with General Rusk, but he was
: known 10 me as he is known to thousands of my
| fellow-citizens of the North, by the record of his
' life, and by his able and honest performance of
j the public trusts he bore.
; But I may be permitted to say here, in the pres-
j ence of witnesses of his daily life, that in the dis-
: charge of those trusts he acquired a fame for in-
| tegrity of purpose and conduct and character,
j unsurpassed in a body of men by no means un-
| distinguished in the estimation'of the country for
j their unyielding resistance to those temptations
which beset our public men in the Halls of Con-
I may be further permitted to say—and I can
utter no higher praise—that no man who knew
him even for a moment doubted that every prom-
ise which he made would be implicitly and spe-
cifically performed, and that every word which he
spoke was true.
His great marked characteristics were courage,
honesty, and truth; and without intending to di-
minish the honors of the dead, or to detract from
the just fame of living men, I may say that no
man has appeared in public life during the past
half century (teeming as it does with remem-
brances of truly great and good men) in whom
those particular features of individual character
wliich the general sentiment of mankind pro-
nounces essential to the fame that can live, were
more strongly and strikingly exhibited.
We cannot forget, Mr. Speaker, that simplicity
of demeanor which marked his intercourse with
his fellow-men, and which developed the highest
degree of personal dignity.
When he addressed his fellow-men, he practiced
that directness of statement which rises superior
to the learning of the schools, and convinces by
the force of an infallible geometry—and that un-
swerving ti uth, which in a public or private man,
accomplishes more than the combined fascinations
of genius and of art. He was eloquent because
he was true.
His mind was cast in that fortunate mold
which exhibits the harmonious blending of quick-
ness of perception with a slow and careful judg-
ment. His will was so strong and firm, that he
could adhere fixedly to the purpose to which that
judgment impelled him.
His temper was replete with a spirit of kind-
ness which shed a sweet fragrance over his path
in life.
I must be allowed, Mr. Speaker, to advert to
him as a husband and father; for great as he was
in those traits of character which distinguish the
soldier and the statesman, he was almost without
a peer in those kindlierelements and forms which
make a man the idol of his home. The indul-
gences of personal ambition, the unbroken labors
of long personal service, and all the varied and
engrossing cases of a life of unusual action and
unusual honor, were unable to render him for a
single hour cold or indiffeicnt to those who now
cluster around his desolate hearth, and upon whose
sorrow I will not intrude.
The language of eulogy has no grateful sounds
for them. All that remains is to associate with
us in the adoration with sympathy and affection
of the public and private virtues of their father.
He has already been welcomed to the phalanx
of the great and good men of America, where,
in a clearer and purer light than was vouchsafed
to them on earth, they read the future destiny of
the country.
The resolutions were then unanimously adopted;
and tlie House (at fifteen minutes after three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 20, 1838.
Prayer by Rev. P. D. Gukley, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of War, accom-
panied by seventy-five copies of the official Army
Register, for the year 1838; which was read.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of Patents,
; showing the operations of thePatent Office during
| the year ending the 31st of December, 1857; and
I a motion of Mr. Stuart to print it was referred
j to the Committee on Printing.
| PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
1 Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions passed at
the annual meeting of the Oneida County A^i icul-
i tural Society, of New York, in favor of the endow-
ment and maintenance of a college in each State
: and Territory of the United States, for instruction
I in agriculture and the mechanic arts: winch was
! referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
! He also presented the petition of Walter Nex-
