2448
THIi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
•J
raiftee rose, and I made a statement to the Chair
which was the truth, and which the whole commit-
tee knows is the truth; and now it is proposed to
close debate in accordance with what I do not
consider very proper action upon the part*of the
Chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman'from Pennsylvania, to extend the time of
debate,that the gentleman from Georgia may have
an opportunity to finish his speech. But if the
gentleman from Georgia intends to insinuate that
I entered into any arrangement, I say it is wholly
without foundation in point of fact.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not say that the gentle-
man made any arrangement, but that I thought
the action* of the Chairman was improper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest this
debate.
Mr. SICKLES. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out "five," and inserting "fif-
teen;"
Mr. BURNETT. I move to^mend theamend-
ment by striking out " fifteen," and inserting
" thirty."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move the pre-
vious question upon the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn; and ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The question recurring upon the amendment to
the amendment to strike out "fifteen," and in-
sert " thirty,"
Mr. SEWARD said: I want but a few min-
utes. All L want is to have my right recognized.
I am willing to put up with five minutes if my
right is admitted.
Mr. 13AR&SL)ALE. I think five minutes is
enough. The gentleman has occupied enough
of the time of this House.
Mr. BURNETT. After the statement of the
gentleman from Georgia, I will, by unanimous
consent, withdraw my amendment to limit the
debate to thirty minutes.
Mr. SICKLES. And I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. There is an appeal pending,
and I hope 1 shall he allowed the five minutes my-
self. [ Cnes of" Oh, yes !"]
Mr. BOCOCK, (at, half past seven o'clock, p.
m.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GilEENWOOD. I desire to appeal to my
friend who made that motion to withdraw it. The
Opposition side of the House has evinced a dis-
position to aid us in getting through the appro-
priation htils, and it seems that our own friends
are now throwing obstacles in the way of getting
through the business.
Mr. PHILLIPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was agreed to.
The rules wero accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into (he Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. ENGLISH. For the purpose of giving
my friend fiom Georgia an opportunity to enter
mio the genera] debate, I withdraw my point of
order for the time being; but intend to renew it.
Mr. SE WARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd be it fui(her enacted, That the Postmaster Genera'
be auifiori/.ed to contract lot Ui<* ttan^poiutioti of the mails
from Savannah, Georgia, to Havana. L-land ot Cuba, at Mich
competition as lie may think reasonable and ju^t, not ex-
ceeding {$100,COO.
Mr. Chairman, the contract entered into with
E. K. Collins & Company has failed; and the
legislation sought to be earned out in this bill is
to allow the Postmaster General to enter into a
contract with other parties for performing similar
services, which is equivalent to making a new law
on the subject. Southampton is, I think, seventy-
one miles southwest of London, and most of the
mail matter coming to this country comes through
that port. The British Government has been
managing their steamers so as to give them the
carrying of all the mail matter, and so as to put
the Government of the United States tinder great
disadvantages. I propose my amendment as an
additional section. Like the gentleman froip Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] I am willing to sustain the
present line of steamers if the South can be al-
lowed to have equal benefits with the North in
the appropriation of public money for mail com-
munication with foreign countries. My amend-
ment provides for the carrying of the mails be-
tween Savannah, Georgia, and Havana, in the
Island of Cuba, authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to enter into a contract not exceeding one
hundred thousand dollars for that purpose. We
accommodate gentlemen from the North with lines
of steamers from their cities; and if the South can
be privileged in the same way, we will have a sort
of union movement, North and South, East and
West. I hope that, to carry out these views, my
amendment wiil be adopted.
Mr. ENGLISH. I now renew the point of
order which I made.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana makes a point of order against the amend-
meent ofFeied by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Sanpidge.] The Chair overrules the point
of order. From that decision the gentleman from
Indiana appeals. Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?
The question was taken; and the decision was
overruled.
The question was taken on Mr. Seward's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out all of the bill after line seven, first section.
There are in this bill, as I understand u, three pro-
visions for mails to foreign countries—one from
New York to Liverpool, one from New York to
Havie and Bremen, and one from Charleston to
Havana. All the other provisions of the hill are
for our own domestic mail from New York, by
New Orleans and Havana, to Chagres, across the
isthmus, and then up the coast on the other side.
The line to Liverpool, and that from Charleston
to Havana, are the only ones to foreign countries
now authorized by law. The law of 1845, which
has been referred to here, does not authorize the
Postmaster General to make contracts, but to re-
ceive proposals, and submit them to Congress to
be i atifu d and confirmed by Congress. I consider,
sir, that under that law the Postmaster General
has no auihoutyto make any contract for the car-
rying of mails to any foreign country. If he has,
why is it proposed now that Congress shall estab-
lish a route fromNew York to Havre and Bremen
at §230,01)0?
Then, here is another item to which I would
call the attention of this committee, and of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means:
u For contingencies of the mail service between New
Yoik and Europe, $1:20,000."
Where is the law that authorizes that* Where
is th<4 estimate that authorizes it? In my opinion
—and 1 believe I speak with a knowledge of the
subject—this is the first time that an item of that
chauicter has ever been in any of these foreign
mail-service bills. When you add that $120,000
contingency to the $230,000, it makes $350,000—
the precise amount, 1 believe, that was heretofore
paid, under contract, to the Bremen and Havre
line. Does the Postmaster General consider that
he has authority, under the act of 1845, to make
another contract? 1 presume he does not; and I
do not consider that he has even the power to re-
ceive proposals.
We have been told that he has made a tempo-
rary contract for the postages. Has that come
before us for confirmation or ratification ? My
own opinion is, that these two provisions for the
transportation of the mails from New Yoik to
Bremen and Havre were not in order when re-
ported in this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Iam opposed
to tho amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see I believe no practical good is to be derived
from any discussion here this evening; and I de-
sire to get the bill into the House where a vote
may be taken upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, by unanimous con-
sent, then withdrew his amendment, and moved
to strikeout the second section of the bill; which
is as follows:
" Sec. % And be it further enacted, That There be paid
tothe Post Office Department, out of the appmpuation of
$346,500 granted by the fiist section of the act oi 3d March,
1857,' for transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
erpool, and back,' the sum of §16,737 70, for five outward
trips from New York to Liverpool, to wit: on 14th Febru-
ary and 11th April, 1857, and 13th February, 13th March,
and 10th April, 1858, when the Collins line failed to perform
service; and that the further sum of $-35,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be paid to the Post Office De-
partment, out of the appropriation aforesaid, to enable the
Postmaster General to procure rhe transportation of the
mails fiom New York to Liverpool and back, on the 24th
April, the 8th and 2*2<1 May, and the 5th and ] 9th June,
1858, if the Collins line should fail to perform setvice on
those days."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
under the law, E. K. Collins and his associates
have a contract with the Government. This is
an attempt to interfere with that contract. If he
violates or fails to comply with his contract, then,
I take it, it will be for the Department to declare
the contract void or to refuse to pay him for the
service whichhe does not perform. But if we go on
now and take this contract out of his hands, and
authorize the payment of a portion of this money
out of the Treasury by the Postmaster General,
to make contracts with others to carry the mails,
Collins and his associates will have a claim upon
the Government for damages, to I know not what
amount.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES.. I simply ask to
have read two communications from the Postmas-
ter General—one m relation to this amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, and the other in
relation to the other amendment which the gen-
tleman offered.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object to the reading,
if it occupies more than five minutes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have risen to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and. I have a right to have the papers read
as a portion of my remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The time occupied by the
reading will come out of the gentleman's five min-
utes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the provision u\ the
bill in relation to the Bremen and Havre lines is
independent legislation, and not in accordance
with existing law, and is, therefore, out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Whilst the Chair would
agree with the gentleman from Mississippi, that
it is out of order, and ought not to be in the bill,
yet the House has referred the whole matter em-
braced in the hill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the Chair, there-
fore, could not take jurisdiction to attempt to re-
vise it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the Chair
pleases, the question has not been settled by the
House whether it is independent legislation or
not.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will remember that the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union by the order of the House, and it is
to be presumed, at least, that it was read twice be-
fore it was so referred.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now ask that
the communications which 1 sent to the Clerk's
desk may be read.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
We may as well have this question settled. The
Constitution of the United States allows the Pres-
ident to communicate with this House in a par-
ticular way. These appointees of his generally
make their reports to him, and he communicates
them to the House. What I mean to say is this,
that neither the President nor any head of a De-
partment can constitute an agent here to make
speeches for him submitted in writing. They are
not allowed to appear here either in person 01 by
an agent to make speeches.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has a right to have
the papers read as a portion of his remiuks.
The Clerk then read the following communi-
cation:
Post Office Department, i>l, 1858.
Sir: Under the authority eontened by tin- fn-t section of
he a Act to provide for the t ansportation of the maiJ he-
weeti the United States and foreign countries, and for other
purposes," approved March 3,1845, (Statutes, vol. 0, page
748.) this Department has deemed it essential to the public
