1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
not say that he shall borrow the money at six per
cent. The bill says he shall borrow it at a rate
of interest not exceeding six per cent. Six per
cent, is fixed as a maximum. The Senator from
Pennsylvania says he can get the money at five
per cent. I have no doubt he can. He can get
it at four per cent, or three per cent. The differ-
ence is only whether he will obtain the loan at a
premium or a discount, dependent on the rate of
interest. Everybody knows that who knowsany-
thing about the affairs of the money world. The
bill only fixes the maximum; and although the
Senator may be right—and I do not mean to say
that he is wrong—yet I think it will be safer for
the interests of the country to let this matter be
determined by the Secretary of the Treasury on
the condition of the market when he goes into it.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not pretend to the great
financial ability of the Senator from "Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] who was once a president of a bank, as
well as myself, [laughter,] and knows something
about the matter; but I have no very great confi-
dence in the financial abilities of the gentleman
now at the head of the Treasury Department. I
cannot have much confidence in the financial skill,
ability, thrift, or knowledge of a man who would
buy in his own debts at sixteen percent, premium
to-day and ask to borrow money in a month af-
terwards; and yet that has been the case in regard
to that gentleman. I believe, also, that if the Sen-
ator from Virginia will recur to his own memory,
he will be hardly able to find in the history of the
borrowing of this country, when a loan was of-
fered at six per cent., that it was taken for a sum
as low as five per cent. I think he will find that
the fractions always reach somewhere about the
sum indicated in the law. I have no doubtatali,
if you pass this bill as it is now, we shall get the
money for six percent.; and I believe that if you
insert five in the place of six, you will get it for
less than five per cent.
I pretend to no great ability in money matters;
I have no money to lend, and do not pretend to
be a capitalist; but I know this in regard to men
of money, that they calculate very closely. They
will come here, and there will be a combination
amongst them, and they will come as close to the
point as possible; the fraction will be a very small
one. The only difference will be that by making
this a six per cent, loan, you will enable some
great capitalist, or some great friend of the_ Ad-
ministration, to take the whole loan, and, after a
while, sell it out for sums greatly above what lie
got it at, as was the case some years ago, in the
administration of Mr. Polk. I think the Senator
from Virginia will remember that there was then
a great cry made about this town of the scarcity
of money, and the difficulty of getting capitalists
to invest in the loans of the United States. That
cry was kept up until the loan was taken; there
was a clamor made for a month or two; and all
at once a great banker of this city became a mil-
lionaire from the proceeds of that loan, which
was divided afterwards amongst I do not know
how many persons, but, perhaps, hundreds of in-
dividuals. That is one of the schemes by which
men get rich, and thatisoneofthesortof schemes
always hatched about a Government like ours,
expending from fifty to sixty million dollars, and
now as much as §85,000,000 a year. I believe
our expenditures this year are to be $89,000,000.
That brings a set of hungry men about the Gov-
ernment, sharper than the Senator from Virginia
would desire to be, and a great deal sharper than
the Secretary of the Treasury, as an honorable
man, can be. They come here and make their
combinations and calculations, and got thei r loans
apparently on termsfavorable to the Government.
Directly they divide the spoils among themselves,
and then the parties separate. I hope live per cent,
will be substituted for six percent.
The amendment was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 28, noes 14.
Mr. STUART. I move to strike out of the
third line of the third section the word "two,"
and insert "one," so as to read—
In one of the public newspapers in the city of Wash-
ington.
We spend a great deal of money uselessly on
"Washington newspapers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginias question. I see he has placed
the time of the loan five years longer than the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommended. I suppose
it was on account of some considerable amount
of public debts coming due in ten years from now;
but I ask him if it would not be better to put it at
eight years.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly not, if we make a
five per ce-nt loan. The time was extended by the
committee. The Secretary recommended ten, and
the committee recommended fifteen years, be-
cause the loan could be gotten off on better terms
for a long time, and because in ten years from
this period, the bulk of the present public debt falls
due. We have in the meantime $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes, for which we shall have to pro-
vide in some way. If we want to pay off our
debts in a short period, they will afford us the
means of using as much spare treasure as we
have, and rather more, 1 fear.
Mr. SIMMONS. We shall have to pay the
Treasury-note debt in a year.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend that at the end
of the year we shall have to provide for the Treas-
ury notes or fund them. My estimate is that we
shall have to add §35,000,000—the $20,000,000 of
Treasury notes, and this $15,000,000 loan.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not exactly understand
the Senator's anthmetic. One year we negotiate
Treasury notes at from four to four and a half per
cent., and they are the shortest loan we ever made,
and at the lowest rate of interest. Now, the Sen-
ator seems to think that if we make a fifteen years'
loan, we shall get the money at a lower rate. I
think, myself, eight years is a great while for this
loan. I have no idea of putting it at fifteen years,
and making this actually a loan of $30,000,000,
instead of $15,000,000. That is what it practically
was as reported, because in fifteen years the inter-
est, at six per cent., would almost equal the prin-
cipal. The Secretary of the Treasury last Octo-
ber paid sixteen per cent, premium to redeem a
six per cent, loan eight years ahead; and if you
put out your bonds at fifteen years, you will have
to pay an enormous premium to get them back
again when you have money in the Treasury to
enable you to redeem them.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend that if we put
out a five per cent, loan we shall not have to pay
a very laige premium to get it back; but it is cer-
tain that if we put it out for fifteen years we shall
be able to negotiate it on better terms than for one
year. There is a difference between the Treasury
note and the bond The Treasury note is receiv-
able for public dues. The bond is only receivable
at the time it is payable.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says the longer
a loan has to run the better you can negotiate it.
Well, sir; we have had to pay sixteen per cent,
premium to redeem stock that had but eight years
to run, last fall.
Mr. HUNTER. That was six per cent, stock.
Mr. SIMMONS. It had eight years to run, and
we paid sixteen per cent, premium, two per cent,
a year, bringing it down to four per cent, a year
for the time it had to run. That was at a time
when money was worth in the street two and a
half per cent, a month, and now you can get it
for three per cent, a year. I have no doubt this
loan will be negotiated at par, at five per cent.,with
eight years to run. If, however, you put it off
very long you will have your money in the Treas-
ury lying without interest. I wanted to approx-
imate as near tne Secretary's proposition as I
could. I have no doubt if we ever get under way
with business we shall do it in eight years, and
wo ought to accumulate by that time $15,000,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sorry to differ with
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island on this
point. My belief is that it makes very little dif-
ference what rate of interest you put your loan at.
I think it makes more difference about the time
it is payable. If the money was ordered to be
hired at two per cent., the money would be ob-
tained; but, of course, such loan would be taken at
a discount. At four per cent, the discount would
! be less; perhaps such a loan would be taken at
par. At five per cent, it would be taken at par or
> a small premium; and at six per cent, it would be
i1 taken still more above par. These different lates,
j| in my opinion, practically amount to very little.
II All the moneyed men are wiser in their genera-
tion than the children of light. They cast the in-
terest to a hair's breadth; they know exactly
What it is. We do notgetany particular advant-
age by fixing the rate of interest; but if we offer
a loan on a long time, there is a thing you'can
compute with mathematical certainty; you can go
into the market with advantage. I think we shall
be more likely to obtain an advance premium on
a five percent, loan for fifteen years than for eight
years.
That, however, is not my great objection to
this proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The loans of 1847-48 were twenty-year loans;
and the balance of them will fall due in 1867-68.
Now if we make this loan for as short a period
of years, as now proposed, it will fall due directly
before the great body of our debtnow outstanding
becomes due, and it is not desirable to have them
crowd each other at that particular period. It is
therefore desirable, if the time should be altered
from'fifteen years to put it at twenty years rather
than any shorter period.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not made any motion.
I merely wished to call the attention of the Sen-
ator, from Virginia to this point. My own opin-
ion is that this loan can be negotiated for either
five or eight years at par.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Bigler.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved for a separate vote. The
question will be on concurring in all the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole, with
that exception.
Mr. SIMMONS. I designed to move an amend-
ment to this bill when the Senate should have
perfected that portion of it relating to the hiring
of money. I do not know whether I can do it
after we concur in these amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
then be open to further amendment.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in, with the exception of
the amendment offered by Mr. Bigler.
Mi. PUGH. Iaskthatthatamendmentberead.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
in section two, to strike out the proviso in these
words:
•' Jltul provided, also, That, whenever required, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may cause coupons of seuu annual
interest payable thereon to no attached to certificates issued
under this act; and any certificate, with such coupons of
interest attached, may be assigned and transferred by de-
livery of the same, instead of being transferred on the books
of the Treasuiy."
In lines nine, ten, and eleven of the same, to
strike out the words:
" Which certificates may be transferred on the books of
the Treasury, under such regulations as may be established
by tiie Secretary of the Treasury."
And at the end of line three, to insert:
With coupons for the semi-annual interest attached to
the certificates of stock thus created.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 2. Jlntl he it further matted, That stock shall be
issued for the amount so borrowed, bearing interest not ex-
ceeding six per centum per annum, payable semi-annually,
with coupons for the semi-annual mteiest attached to the
crtilicate of stocks thus created. And the Secretary of the
Treasury he, and hereby is, authorized, with the consent of
the President, to cause certificates of stock to be prepared,
which shall be signed by the Register, and sealed with the
seal of the Treasury Depaitment, for the amount so bor-
rowed, in favor of the parties lending the same, or their
assigns : Provided, That no certificate shall be issued for a
leds sum than J^IOO.
Mr. PUGH. Can I separate these amend-
ments?
Mr. BIGLER. I did not move to strike out
the words in the ninth and tenth lines- •
" Which certificates may be transferred on the books of
the Treasury, under such regulations as may be established
by the Secretary of the Treasury."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
were stricken out at the suggestion of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamkr.]
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Chair whether it is pos-
sible to divide the amendment—whetherwe must
take a vote on the whole of it? I am perfectly
willing to have the second proviso stricken out.
I think it will very much improve the bill; but I
am utterly opposed to the other two parts.
