THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 29, 1858.
New Series.....No. 154-
?ntpre«t to cause the United States mails to be carried from
New York to Liverpool by other than contract stoameis
whenever the regulai contiact mail steamers have not been
in place to perform the setvice at the proper tune ; and for
such service the parlies performing it have agreed to receive,
as full compensation, the amounts of sea postage on the
mail?, trunspoi ted by them respectively. Tcmpoiaiv service
of this kind has frequently bf en employed, as I shall show
moie particularly in another place, to carry the mails winch
should have been taken on then regular sailing days by the
CoUni-. steamers ; and, as the scrvicc on that line seem* to
be entirely Mispended, I deem it my duty to ask that mo-
viston be made out of the appropriation gianted bv the act
of Match 3, 1837. (Statutes, thud session Thirty Fouith Con-
gres-i, page 248,) lor the •• tran^poitation of the mails fiom
New Yoik to Liverpool, and hack," for decaying, out of !]
the Treasury, the expenses ahoady i ncuncd, as well a^
fho&y which will be incurred m keeping up on our pait,
duniig the eurient fi-c;d year, legulai post intercourM' be-
tween New Yoik and Liverpool. These expenses, thus
far, amount to $16fio'< */0, to wit :
St^mm-i Alps, from New York, February 11
IK77 64.6-1*2 40
Steamer Alp^, fiom Nmv Ymk, April 11. 1657.. 3,183 3-2
Steamer Edinburgh, fiom New Yoik, February
13. 1£'.V3   3.057 9A
Bteamei New York, from New York, March 13,
lh.18  3,134 23
Sieamt'i < "n\ of l>alumme. from I\ew Yoi k,April
   3.740 51
Amount asccitomed,
...^16.v57 "JO !
The foreaoing is for mail* outward onlv. but m lutinc it i
is intended to nuana" lor \ovages out and hack ; and it the 1
pnbiie iK'.bMiii'il th.it vessels will be di-p.nrhcd j-o .w to ,
alti mate with me !!i iti-h maiUtorimi'is fiosii IVew Yoi k, if |
psobahh' that tli" amount of mail matter ^ent bv them
wisl he consdeiabiv ceafer man h.i- b°eu earned on the i
ontwaid tups ahi'.ulv ni.tcle. Ptiould t'n-. prove to ho coi- t
ret't, and -Imuld the Depai'inentMieoecd in piocuung ,-iiu j
able ^team-laps to truispo't the mails out and hack 101 the ,
sea po-r.tL'e-, then it e^timate'l that the iuilIht mihi ot
$3,).0d0 will be ie.i|uii(jd to pi-iioim the temaining tiiix «-et !
toi the Collins line vuthm the pte-eiit iKcal \eai, to vvst: I
Apnl 21. "Vluv £ and 22. and Jane f> and 19, lb5tf, five tups
at £7,0U0 per lound tup.
I ?ubmit h^tcw it!) the driocrh! of such an amenumeiu as
appear- to me to he k quaed to cany out the objects be tote
Mated to the fJiui of tin; present fiscal year. ,
I have the honoi to be, mo--t r(;=pecitiil'\. j
AAllOX'V. CitOWX, [
Postm'/^ta Genet ft'. '
Hon .1. Giancv .Tonij-?, (.Lain,inn Cjunui-'tre Wv;/1* and '
Means < ll.iii^c of Rcpre^'iitul: vc* !
The amendment proposing to strike out the j
second section of the hill v/as not agreed to. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move t<> strike 1
out the following paragraph, from the eighth to ■
the fourteenth hue, tnei.tsive: :
c* >mh tran.-poitatirii of the mail- fi"tn N"W York bv ,
Sonthamptoji or Co\v!js to i-iemen. and liom New Yoik b> :
SouUiamp'on ot t'-'um's to II.ivh ,
*'Foi <vof!tin2''ii<'ie-- in 'he mail ?eis'iee between New i
"York and Lanepe. ^120,OUO *'
I offer the amendment upon the ground that |
there is no existing contract fos* this money to he j
applied to; and that thoie is no law authorizing a ;
contract to he made. It there was a law, a con- [
tract wouid be made. i>ut this provision, if it j
pass in this bill, would be construed into author- j
Sty to make this contiact. Xlic first provision is j
for $230,000, and the other one for contingencies, !
which is an entirely new item, makes up the en- j
tire sum of $350,000, which is the amount of the j
original contract proposed for the lines between '
New York and Havre and Bremen. And, as I i
have said, it will ceitainly be construed into au- !
thority for making a new contiact for the lines,
wi.hout any other (aw.
Mr. SICKLES obtained the floor. i
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the gentle- ;
man from New York to allow a letter to be read ;
from the Postmaster General explaining these |
items.
Mr. SICKLES. Very well, let the letter be
read.
The letter was read by the Clerk, as follows*:
Tost Office Department, -fy)i/ 21. l^S.
Sir : In the Estimates for the mai I service to fos nan eoini-
tne-, which I had the honoi to Mihmit on the 2 Uli ultimo, ,
to the requireinenti of the second oi the 1
niLMinc act of Julv2. 183t>, I stated that the Department
was not certain that after the etppalion of th« pie^nt con-
tracts tor the tran?.poiirUion of tlie mails between i\ew \ oi k \
and Btemen, and New Yoik and Havre, on the 1st June |
DCAt, it could procuie the rnaih" to he earned on t lose lines ^
duim [ t!ie ve.ai 185U, tos tlie United s5tat<^ po^a$;es. sea ana ;
ml'incl, aeuumgfiom each of them Information Mnce re- i
^eu-ud tends to inereasejhat unccitauny ^o muchthati >
deem it my cruty to submit t>uch u moUiiication ot tU^sc ,
timatcs as will, in my opinion, place the service upon a
footing of rpgiilaiity and efficiency at least equal to that ob-
tained under the ougmal contract with the Ocean Steam
Navigation Company, which e.xpuedin June, 1857. To ac-
complish this purpose, it will bo necessary to place at the
dispo>al of the Department, for the year ending June J30,
1859, a sun equal to the compensation formerly paid under
that contract tor two ships to Bremen and two to Ilavie,
which was $'350X00 per annum, for twelve trips on each
line. For this sum, and probablj tor much lee*. I am con-
fident that the requisite  emcp can he procured, but at all
event* it will be the endeavor of the Depaitment to obtain
it on the bovt possible term*.
1 would further le^peetmllv purest that, as the continu-
ance ot the soivice on the Collin-* line between New York
and Livei pool is unccitaut, a piovi-o he att.u hed to the ap-
piopriation tot that line for the \ ear ending June 30, 18.")9,
authon^ma1 thus Department to be paid theietiom such
sums as mav he required tor the tian^ponation ot the mads
to Liveipool and back, on the days the Collins hue ina> fail
to take them
1 have the honoi to be, verv re^peetfullv, See..,
A \tlON V. BROWN,
Postmaster G-cncral,
Hon. Jami-,'! Ti. Ork.
Speaker oj ihe House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWAIIO. The rule requires the gentle-
man to speak in opposition to the amendment.
Now 1 submit that that letter makes a speech in
favor of it, and is out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. SICKLES. 1 regard that letteras a much
better speech than I can make,and as conclusive
against the speech of the gentleman from Tennes-
see. 1 will thesrtoiv content myself with no re-
marks on tlie Mthject in addition.
Mr. SAND I DUG. 1115-1' to a question of order,
the decision of whieh involves the same point
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
1 .Tones.] It is that tlm appropriation contained in
the items of appropriation, of &3."30,000, is for the
, payment of no contract authorized under existing:
law and, in fact, for no contract existing at all;
and is, therefote, under the 81st rule, out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order made
by the gentleman from Louisiana is the same point
made by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] a few minutes ago, and overruled by the
Chair, upon the ground that this bill has been
. read twice in the House, and referred to the Com-
mittcce of the Whole on the state of the Union,
after which the Chair does not fee llnmself author-
ized in ruling out of order any provision which has
received the sanction of the House.
Mr, JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the Chair
if it is now m order for the friends of the para-
graph proposed to be stricken out to move to
i amend it?
: The CHAIRMAN". It is.
■ Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, I move to amend,
, then, by inset tmij; tlie word 'v onf" after thirty5'
i in line ten, so "as to make the appropriation
$331,000. . .
Mr. Chairman, in respect to the question in dis-
■ pute upon this paragraph of the hs!i, nothing need
1 be said. My only object in seeking the floor is
j that the committee may act understandingly wlvii
they come to pass upon these questions. I think
gentlemen have fallen into au en or regarding the
' authority which vsts the S-^retary ot the Navy
1 wifh power to make contacts upon this subject,
f will refer gentlemen to the elause in /he act of
■ 3845 which confers the authority, it is the {ol-
io wing:
{!Ami -uoh ^ontr.'icts m.u be made. ;f it appuai to tho
1 Pu^tma ter Geneial to be n-quiied h\* the public mteie^t. tor
■ any greater peuod than lour veai.". and not exceeding t>jn
i yeai.-."
The limitation is not upon the life of the law,
I but distinctly upon the terms of the contract. It
is a matter presented to tho discretion of the Post-
■ master Genera!. If he thinks the public interests
. require him to enter into a contract for a longer
period than the minimum, then it is perfectly
. within the letter and spirit of the law for him to
' make it; and this appropriation is but for the pur-
pose of carrying out an existing contract entered
i into by your Secretary, under and by vntue of
: the law winch I have specified.
Sir, I have listened, with som*> degree of grief
! and surprise, to opinions expressed in this House
1 in deprecation of the favors claimed to be show;
1 cicd up'on the Io*cahty whfth I. in pait; represent.
Sir, nothing which conduces to the advantage of
the commerce of that great metropolis is or can
be local in its nature; it is as important and gen-
eral as commerce itself, universally absorbing;
and whenever postal facilities aic extended to the
commerce of a country, they partake of the gen-
eral and catholic character of the commerce of the
wot Id. I will say to gentlemen at tlie South, as
well as those from the West, that we of the North
and the East, upon the Atlantic borders, are quite
as willing that the same facilities should be ex-
tended to them as we now claim for ourselves, and
indeed greater.
Sir, it is nature, and not art, that constitutes
the great emporium of trade. You might as well
try to dip up and roll back Niagara with the hand
as to turn aside the natural curients of commerce.
New York enjoys her advantages, not by reason
of the artificial influences of legislation, but be-
cause she sitsenthroncd the mi«tiessofcommerce,
the queen of the seas. Into her lap flow the tides
of commerce, because commerce follows the ave-
nues and obeys the impulses of piofit. Let gen-
tlemen in other parts of the country enlarge their
enterprise; letgentlcmen everywhere facilitate and
expand a generous but constitutional system of
internal impiovements, and, my word for it,
steamers and commerce and art and industry will
abound with them as with uk; to their affluent
piosperity as to ours.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
| says that by the law the Postmaster General is
! authorized to make contracts to be leported to
| this House. Now, the Postmaster General states
! m the letter which has been read that these two
1 contracts have not been entered into by him. He
, made that statement at the time he made his rc-
! poit to Congtess,at the commencement of this
i session. He thought that he would be able to
i make a contract with the persons who had before
1 taken the niaibsforthe postage; but he is satisfied
1 he cannot makesueh a contiact for the year 1859,
and therefore he desires an appropriation made
by Congress. For what purpose? To enable
! him to do that which he says he cannot now do;
' to enable him to make a contract, and not to exe-
j cute contracts abeady made. How stands the
1 argument of the gentleman from New York.'" Al-
j though authority is given by law to the Postmas-
i ter Goneiai to inake a contract, yet you know
; from tlie testimony furnished by the Postmaster
1 General himseif, that no ocmtrao't exists now, and
' that this appropnation is to authorize or enable
. him to make the contiact, a contract which he
■ will never make unless hegets thisappropnation.
lie talks of New York as the qne-n of the seas.
' How does she happen to b< the queen of tho seas?
She has made the West tributary to her great-
ness; she has made the South tributary to her
! gieutnesa. If she is, then, so much a queen, how
! is it she asks subsidies for her lines of steamers ?
: He Rays that when other cities have done as much
1 for themselves as New York, they may expect
' so in e icturn. How are we to compete with New
York lines of steamers when they get subsidies
of <$00,000 for their linos and we do not get_a
dollai ? If that appropriation for New York is
necessary, is it not equally necessary for New
O, leans?" Now, if the gentleman is the generous
and fair-minded man he pretends to be,Jet him
gi\e us this one hue South. Dare he do it.' No,
sir He knows when the time shall ever come,
as come it will, I hope, that Congress shall cease
to make unfair discriminations against the South
' and m favor of the North, this queen of the seas
will he compelled to surrender her diamonds and
doff her royal robes. He says New York has
natuial advantages. Then let her look to her
natural advantages, and not eternally nauseate
this House bv their everlasting cry of give, give
 demand of" more, niorft. Let her be content
, with her natural ad vantages, or grant unto otheis
| what she asks for hcraell.
! Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Permit me to an-
i swer for mysfif. .
i The CHAIiiMAN. The gentleman's time has
! expired.
154
