1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
san, praying that the accounting officers may be
directed to allow the pay received by him as an
assistant to the purser at the navy-yard at New
York; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Sen-
eca, New York, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for the gradual and peaceful extinction of
slavery; which was ordered co lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
trustees of the public schools of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, praying a grant of
land or appropriation of money to aid in the sup-
port of the public schools in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
He also presented a memorial of H. Addison
and R. Oula, in behalf of the citizens and corpo-
ration of Georgetown,praying the removal of the
Potomac Bridge at Washington, and the con-
struction of abridge above Georgetown; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KING presented the petition of masters of
steamers and sailing vessels and ship-owners at
Oswego, New York, praying the'enactment of a
law to establish a system of lights to be carried
by vessels navigating the lakes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of ship-masters
and ship-owners at Oswego, New York, praying
the repeal of the law authorizing the Secretary «f
the Treasury to change the names of vessels in
certain case's; which was ordered to lie 011 the
table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of M.
C, Gritzner, praying compensation for damages
sustained in consequence of the non-fulfillment of
a contract entered into by him with the Commis-
sioner of Patents for preparing and executing de-
scriptions of patents; winch was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CAMLROiN presented the petition ol Eliz-
abeth Uber, heir-at-law of Philip W111, an ensign
in the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed
a pension; wluch was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George Wal-
ters, son and heir-at-law of Michael Walters,
praying to be allowed the pension to which his
father was entitled; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented resolutions adopted
at a monthly meeting of the Maryland Historical
Society, held at Baltimore on the 5th November,
1857, in favor of the establishment of a medal de-
partment m the United States Mint at Philadel-
phia; which were referred to the Committee on
the Library.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memoiiiil ot Marshall O Roberts and
others, fusees of A. G. bloo, on the rilo of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on the Post Otliceand Po^t Roads.
On motion of Mr. PUG-IT, it was
Ordered, That the petition ol George M. Goidon, on the
files of the Senate, be relented to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorials of the corporation of
Georgetown, on the files of ilie Senate,ni lelation to deep-
ening the haibor of that place ; the mcmonal of the eoi po-
ratioii of Georgetown, on the files of the Senate, relating to
the erection of a permanent bridge across the Potomac, at
that place ; the proceedings of the cuminal com tot the Did-
tnet of Columbia, and petition of cmzuits of Washington,
on the files of the Senate, relative to a nexvjail in that city;
and the report of the fcecietary of the Interior, communi-
cating diawings and estimates for an iron su-pension budge,
and a stone arched bridge, across the Potomac, be lefened
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. IVERSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to change and reg-
ulate the mode of appointing cadets to the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, and to modify the
laws in relation to said Academy.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 75)
to increase the efficiency of the Army and marine
corps, by retiring disabled officers; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Jane Smith, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 73) authorizing Mrs. Jane Smith
to enter certain lands in the State of Alabama.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
.was referred the memorial of John Dick, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 70)
for the relief of John Dick, of Florida. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Joseph Menard, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 71) to amend an
act entitled " An act to authorize a relocation of
land warrants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Con-
gress to General La Fayette,"approved February
§6, 1845. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Whitney, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of J. Wilcox Jenkins, reported
a bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of J. Wilcox
Jenkins; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No. 9) for the compensation
of 11. R. Richards, late Chaplain to the United
States penitentiary, for his salary up to 30th of
June, 1857, reported it without amendment.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent^and agreed to:
Resolved, That the usual number of copies of the Treas-
ure Cs annual accounts, sent to the Senate December 15,
1837, and the letter from the Second Auditor, sent to the
Senate Januaty 11,1808, be punted loi the u e of this budy.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN OREGON.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the tfecietaiy of the Interior be requested
tocoininunicAte to the Senate the icpoit of J Ross Browne,
apccial ;ment ot the Indian depaitment, 011 the late Indian
war m Oiegon and Wa-hington Tmitones.
MEDAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olutions; which were referred to the Committee
on the Library:
Resolved, That Congress shall authorize the establishment
of a medal depaitment m the United States Mint, .it Plulu
dolphui, which s-hall be dneeted to make copies, in appro-
priate metals, from the medal dies preserved m the Mint, as
well tiom those which may hereafter be recoveird or or-
dered by the Government.
Resolved, That Commas shall supply, thiough the Direct-
or of the Mint, the cabinets of each State, of each historical
societj.and ot such other pcimanent associations as it may
name, with complete serieso* all the United States medaN,
as gifts, peipetuating the memory of the individuals 01 ot
the actions they were intended to celebrate; andfuithei\
that the Daector of the Mint be authorized to dispose or
copies of said medals in gold, silver, or bronze, to individ-
uals or societies, under such ipgulations and at such rates
as lie, with the approbation ot the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may pi escribe.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allejt, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the bill of
the Senate (S. No. 50) to authorize the issuing of
a register to the bark Jehu.
HENRY VOLCKER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
of Mr. Stuart to reconsider the vote by which
the bill (S. No. 39) to confirm the title of Henry
Volcker to a certain tract of land m New Mexico,
was ordered to a third reading.
Mi. STUART. After the adjournment of the
Senate yesterday, I took occasion to examine the
papers m his case, and 1 shall submit to the Sen-
ate, in a very few words, the result of that exam-
ination, from which I think it will appear that the
applicant has no right whatever to the relief which
he asks. The substance of the case is this: a mart
by the name of Simon Prado claimed a head-right
under a law of Texas, passed in 1836, for a resi-
dence in the Territory of three years, he being a
single man. The law provided that a man residing
there three years with a family, and performing
certain citizen's services, should have twelve hun-
dred and eighty acres of land, and that a single
man residing there the same length of time, should
have six hundred and forty acres. This Simon
Prado went before the proper authorities there, as
the papers show, and proved Iris residence under
that law, and received a certificate for six hundred
and forty acres of land. That certificate was is-
sued to him in 1846. The same day, or the next
day, he sold it to George Voss; on the following -
day George Voss sold it to another, and some time
after, that other person sold it to Henekel, and
Henckel to Schumann, and Schumann to the pres-
ent applicant.
It seems that the certificate could be located on
any public land belonging to the Republic of Texas
within her territory. There was no attempt
to make any location of the certificate until 1850.
The papers show that in July, 3850, a survey-
was made for a man by the name of Paschal.
There is set up here what seems to be a chain of
title, but it nowhere appears that Paschal had any
right or interest whatever in the certificate. The
pa persshowa transcript from the records ofTexas.
They show a chain of title from Prado to this man
Volcker, but nowhere in that chain of title does
Paschal ever appear to have been an owner. This
is fatal. No man who ever held any interest in
the certificate has had any survey made, or has
located it. The object of this bill seems to give
to the present holder of the certificate,as he claims,
a patent for the land thus surveyed.
There are other difficulties, and they will be
deemed fatal, 1 think, by the mind of any gentle-
man who will examine these papers. The papers
certified here are peculiar. The officer certifying
them says, that he certifies the transcript from
the record with the erasures and interlineations.
I beg the attention of the Senate to that point,
because it appears that this man Paschal, and a
person by the name of Pruder, owned the survey:
that it was made for them jointly; but Pruder's
name is stricken out, erased, and the plural which
was in the original is changed to the singular, to
correspond with Paschal.
Again, there was never any attempt made to
place these papers on record, according to the
laws of Texas, until 1851. This certificate was
given in 184G, but never until 1851 was there any
attempt to place the papers on the record. Then
it appears that Volcker writes a note to the re-
gister of the proper county, notifying him that he
holds a certificate, and not to have a patentissued
i to anybody else. Upon that the register certifies
' that up to that time there has been no record what-
ever of that certificate, or any proceedings under it
made. Up to 1851, there was no attempt to put it
on record agreeably to the laws ofTexas; but in
that year, after Texas had become a State in this
Confederacy, after the boundary had been ad justed
by which this land belonged to the United States,
and fell within the Territory of New Mexico, then
this present holder seeks to patch up a title.
It is somewhat curious to look at this title.
One of the deeds is signed by a man making his
mark, and it has two witnesses. This was done
in 184G; and in 1851 there is an attempt to prove
the execution of that deed. A witness is called
before the chief justice, who undertakes to swear
to the execution. He is not of the same name as
the witness who signed the deed. The witness
who signed the deed is named Blumberg, or some
such name, and the witness that is sworn is named
Blumenberg. What does he swear to? Not that
he saw the man execute the deed; he does not
swear that he saw him sign the papers, but he
swears that he heard the man expressing him-
self that he had signed that paper; and what is
a little more remarkable, he swears twice. There
is nothing appearing in the record to show why
it was done; but this same witness is examined
twice, and he swears upon two different occasions,
and upon two different occasions it is certified,
for the purpose of having that paper recorded.
The consideration stated to have been givenfor
the land is a little peculiar. One, or perhaps two,
of these conveyances is stated to be upon the con-
