388
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is divisible.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection, then, to the
first part of the Senator's amendment to strike
out the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be on striking out the second proviso, as
follows;
"And provided, also, That, whenever required, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may cause coupons of semi-annual
interest payable thereon to be attached to eertmentes, is-
sued under this act; and any certificate with such coupons
of interest attached may be assigned and transferred by de-
livery of the same, instead of being transferred on the books
of the Treasury."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PUGH. The rest of the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania will make this
entirely a loan of bonds payable to bearer, with
coupons attached, and the title to pass by delivery.
I do not understand that we have ever mad<V3uch
a loan as that, and I do not believe any of the
States have ever made such loans. It will do well
enough for paper railroad corporations; but it
seems to me that it amounts simply to $15,000,000
more of Treasury notes; nothingelse in the world.
It is not a loan in the proper sense of the term; it
becomes the mere paper circulation we had be-
fore. I hope the Senate will adhere to the prop-
osition of the stock, as heretofore issued—that it
shall be transferable on the books of the Treas-
ury Department. Then we know who are the
holders of our stock. I am opposed—I do not
know that I shall convince anybody—to the issu-
ing: of bonds to bearer, with coupons attached;
and I shall call for the yeas and nays on the
amendment
Mr. POLK. I do not understand that the
amendment offered by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania makes either the bonds or the coupons pay-
able to bearer, and therefore I think the amend-
ment ought to be amended so as to make the
coupons payable to bearer, and let the bonds be
payable to the persons who take the loan.
Mr. HUNTER and others. The coupon is pay-
able to bearer.
Mr. POLK. Gentlemen all around respond to
me that the coupons are payable to bearer. I ap-
prehend that the coupon is not payable to bearer,
unless it he so expressed in the coupon itself. The
coupon may as well be made payable to the per-
son who takes the bid as to bearer; and if the bill
does not provide that the coupons shall be pay-
able to bearer, then a fair interpretation of the bill
is, that the coupon is not payable to bearer, but
payable to the person who makes the bid. I think,
therefore, that, as the bill stands amended, after
the adoption of the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, neither the bonds nor the
coupons are payable to bearer,and I think it ought
to be amended so as to make the coupons pay-
able to bearer, leaving the bonds payable to the
person who takes the bid.
Mr. PUGII. I would say to the Senator from
Missouri, that I think no coupon is nccesaar)' at
all. Ifthccertificates are transferable on the books
of the Treasury, you know who to pay the in-
terest to, and you simply have to go to the Tiens-
ury office here, or any of the sub-treasurers who
are authorized to pay the interest, and you do not
want a coupon atall. It is the whole system that
I object to. I think it is nothing but $15,000,000
more of Treasury notes. That is what u prac-
tically amounts to.
Mi. FUGLER. I do not see the difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from Miswouri. It is per-
fectly well understood what is meant by the term
coupon. A coupon is attached to the bond for an
amount equal to the semi-annual interest. The
coupons are uniformly payable to bearer. The
proposition now pending simply involves the ques-
tion whether the loan shall be an open loan, trans-
ferable on the books, or whether it shall be what
is termed a coupon loan, that is, a certificate of
stock with coupons attached, which coupons can
be cut off as the interest falls due and remitted to
the Treasurer and payment made. They are pay-
able to the bearer, of course. You might as well
say its date should be so and so, and that the
coupons should be attached for fifteen years. I
presume the Secretary of the Treasury will give
the proper interpretation to the term, and under-
stand what has been the uniform practice.
Now, sir, the question raised by the Senator
from Ohio is simply whether this shall be a coupon
loan or a loan transferable on the books of the
Treasury. That is a fair question for consider-
ation. I myself, years ago, interposed the very
objection which the Senator suggests; but I must
say that, having been overruled in that opinion,
which 1 entertained in my own Legislature, and
the practice of coupon loans having been tried by
my own State, lam convinced that these coupons
never become a medium of circulation. They
cannot be such, because they are payable on time;
and so soon as they entitle the holder to interest
they are canceled. The very day they are due
they are taken up. It is not, therefore, liable to
the objection which the Senator from Ohio makes.
The coupons do not become a circulating medium;'
and I will take this occasion to remark that I know
from practical experience that there is a difference
in the value in the judgment of capitalists. My
colleague made an allusion to-day to an experi-
ment made by own Slate at the time I had the
honor of being its Governor. I thmk the pre-
miums amounted to $134,000, which were re-
ceived by canceling the old loan, and issuing new
certificates, with coupons attached. It is true, that
was not to be attributed entirely to the improve-
ment in the character of the loan; but I am satisfied
that we realized a very large sum from the con-
sideration of the convenience which capitalists
attach to a coupon loan. I do not know that it
would have the same effect here; but I believe that
the bids will be more favorable for this loan than
for a loan with the inconvenience of transferring
it upon the books of the Treasury.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest what are
the practical inconveniences of certificates of stock
transferable only at the Treasury. A man re-
ceives a certificate, and that certificate states that
his interest is payable at one of the assistant
treasuries at Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
or New Orleans. Orders are given from the Treas-
ury Department to these different places of what
certificates they will pay interest upon. They
send them every six months. Within one month
before the pay-day comes on, the sub-treasurer
receives a list informing him what certificates arc
payable at his office; and he pays the interest on
no others. If a man has a certificate, he has it
payable only at one place. If he has any occa-
sion to remove, and wants to get his money at any
place more convenient, he has to go to the Treas-
ury, and have the placc of payment transferred
from one office to another. That is a great incon-
venience.
The next inconvenience is this: he is required
to go in person to the office to receive his money.
He presents his certificate, and receives ins pay
there. Though it is true that the pay-office has a
list of the certificates to pay interest upon, yet you
always require the man to show his certificate,
and show that he is the true holder, in oidcr to
make payment. The name of the holder is put
down. He may obtain his pay at this pay-office
by a power of attorney; but that power of attor-
ney is required to be made in a form prepared and
prescribed by the Department. I have had occa-
sion personally to know that there is very great
inconvenience in conforming to the requisitions,
and furnishing a power of attorney in such form
as will enable a man to got his money; and when
he gets to the office, then conies the question of
personal identity, whethe^ he is the true man rep-
resented in the power of attorney; and he has to go
out somewhere into the city and find an acquaint-
ance, and bring htm in to convince the sub-treas-
urer that he is the identical attorney mentioned in
the power of attorney.
In short, such loans are replete with inconve-
nience. Whenever you wish to make a transfer
anywhere, you must go to the Treasury Depart-
ment. With all these practical inconveniences,
it is no wonder that men view coupon certificates
as altogether the most valuable; and I think both
the honorable Senators from Pennsylvania are
well borne out m saying that there is a good rea-
son to believe you will obtain a better premium
on a five per cent, loan by having coupon certifi-
cates, than if you have i t transferable at the Treas-
ury.
Mr. PUGH. The difficulty with stocks pay-
able to bearer, with coupons attached, is that you
have no check onthem;you can never tell whether
there is an over-issue. They are resorts and shifts
by which miserable, rotten corporations, with no
genuine credit, and no real merits, have flooded
the market within the last eight or ten years. I
consider it beneath the character of the Govern-
ment of the United States to resort to such shifts.
There is no difficulty in the course I suggest. The
man who will take your stock will take it in large
quantities. As to the matter of transferring the
title to the certificates, it is done in every State of
the Union. Almost all the States, I believe, have
I a transfer office in the city of New York, where
1 every bond is regularly entered, and the transfers
, made as desired. Nor is there any difficulty in
the payment of the interest. The most of the in-
terest received on bonds of the States is received
by banking-houses in the city of New York by
powers of attorney. There is no difficulty; we
never had any with any of our loans; none of the
States have ever had any. It is simply a ques-
tion whether, after having issued $20,000,000 of
floating debt—Treasury notes—you are now re-
duced to that point that you have to resort to the
shifts of insolvent corporations to try to get credit.
If this Government cannot get $15,000,000, as
heretofore, on its own legitimate credit, let usget
money by direct taxation. I am opposed to de-
grading the Government by resorting to the shifts
which have been employed by rotten corpora-
tions with no legitimate credit.
Mr. CAMERON. I think the Senator from
Ohio has made some mistake in regard to this
matter. Why, sir, he says that the State of Ohio
has never issued this species of stock; that her
bonds have no coupons; they are registered in the
offices; and yet I remember it was but the other
day that the treasurer of the State of Ohio robbed
that State of some hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars.
Mr. PUGII. The transfer office was not kept
at the treasury. That was a mistake, I always
wanted it kept there.
Mr. CAMERON". The transfer office was kept
somewhere where her Legislature, of which the
gentleman was a member, perhaps directed it to
be kent. She had a transfer office in the city of
New York, and had a transfer office in the city of
Columbus.
Mr. PUGH. The transfer books are in the
city of New York. I know it, for I was one of the
commissioners of the sinking fund for two years.
Mr. CAMERON. The books were under the
charge of the gentleman for two years, and yet,
with his financial wisdom, he could not prevent
this robbery.
Mr. PUGH. It was after I went out of office.
Mr. CAMERON. It would not have been
robbed if the gentleman was there, I know. You
might just as well say that because in olden times
the judges of our courts compelled the coroner
and sheriff to walk before them with their maces
in their hands, now every judge in Ohio should
have that sort of a procession Before him, or be-
cause in olden'time every judge wore a cloak, you
mustkeep thatinsigniaof the olden time on every
judge of Pennsylvania and Ohio. This is a mode
not resorted to by broken-down corporations, but
by States as respectable as any other States in the
world. Perhaps one half of the States of the Union
have resorted to it. If it enables you to borrow
money upon better terms, why not resort to it? You
certainly keep a register of all these bonds at the
Treasury Department, or ought to do it. The
only difference is that the interest is paid without
a transfer upon the books. The Senator from
Vermont has most clearly explained that part of
the process. It is unnecessary for me to do it.
These bonds, payable in fifteen years, will have
thirty coupons on them, dated at the end of every
half year, beginning, say the 1st of January next.
There will be a two and a half per cent, coupon,
dated the 1st of January, 1859, for twenty-five
dollars; at the end of the next six months there
will be another one, and so on to the end of the
fifteen years. When these periods come around,
the holder of the bond cuts off his coupon, sends
it to the Treasury, and gets a check, which the
banks pay.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word " coupon, "the words
" payable to bearer."
