340
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
sideration of fifty dollars. I think the first two
conveyances were for fifty dollars. The next one
was for fifty-five dollars, and another one is for
the past consideration of two mules. Those are
the considerations specified in the deeds.
I must say that I presume my honorable friend
from Louisiana, in the great press of business
he has here, being upon three or four committees,
has not had time to give this case that attention
which otherwise he would have given to it; but I
submit that a careful inspection of these papers
will show most clearly that the present claimant,
as late as 1851, long after Texas had ceased to
make any pretension of claim to this land, has
sought to patch upacase—and badly done, too—
for the pujpose of getting six hundred and forty
acres of saline land. That is the character of the
land. If it were necessary, I think it could be
shown very clearly that the object of the law of
Texas was to give agricultural land to agricultur-
ists who came and lived there three years and
performed certain citizen duties. But it is not
necessary in this case. I consider the very first
statement I made as perfectly fatal; that no man
connected with the title to this certificate has ever
had any survey made under it. There is nothing
to identify this certificate except the name of
lVado and the number of the certificate, 1G9. It
is conveyed all the while from one to another by
a description of the certificate, No. 1G9.
Now, sir, when you see such evident forgeries
as these are, clear forgeries m the papers, and all
that doneat one time, in 1851, and see that to make
out this survey to bea survey by Mr. Paschal, the
name of Mr. Pruder is stricken out; and when it
will also be seen by examination that he claims
to have a title to this same certificate under a roan
by the name of Houston, who does not appear at
till in these papers—Houston's name is stricken
out—it must be obvious that it is a clear case of
undertaking to patch upaclaim that has nofoun-
dation in fact or equity. This case appeals to the
Government of the United States 011 the princi-
ples of equity. It is not a case of fee-simple title,
which under the law of nations is not affected by
u transfer of the jurisdiction; but it is a case of
equitableciaim tosomeland somewhere addressed
to the United States as being the successors of
Texas in the jurisdiction over what is now New
Mexico.
I could, if it were not for detaining the Senate,
refer to these papers seriatim, and show conclu-
sively all the facts I have stated. They are pal-
pable on the face of the papers. But as I have
said, I think it is perfectly sufficient to show, as
a reason why the United States should not order
a patent for this land, that no man has had a sur-
vey made of the land and a location of the land,
who is shown to have any connection with the
title whatever
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have
listened to my friend from Michigan with very
great surprise, indeed. One would suppose that
the question now before the Senate was a ques-
tion involving the rights of individuals, each
claiming this tract of land; and the Senator has
made an argument as though he were before a
court or jury, establishing the title of Ins client
to the tract.
The proposition before the Senate is not the
establishment of the title of A or B to a particu-
lar tract of land, but it is the relinquishment of
uny apparent Government title to the land. 1 am
surprised at some of the assertions made by the
honorable Senator. The papers which he has
before him, and which he says he himself has
examined, show conclusively these facts, at all
events, and they are not contested by the honor-
able Senator, that a head-right was issued by the
.Republic of Texas, granting to the party under
whom the present claimant derives his title, six
hundred and forty acres of land. The Senator
comments on the fact of this title passing from
hand to hand, as if it were not a matter of daily
occurrence with us, that the land warrants which
we have issued for bounty to the soldiers, in the
different wars of the Republic, also pass from
hand to hand, as merchandise, day by day. These
head-rights gave power to the different parties
who might establish their claim to them, either
to sell the certificates themselves, or to make loca-
tions of the land and sell the land. The dufer-
ent persons settled in Texas at that time, for the
gteater part, took possession of the head-rights,
and sold them out. The gentleman is astonished
at six hundred and forty acres being first sold
for fifty, and afterwards for fifty-five dollars, and
then for two mules. I can assure the honorable
Senator that he can get many and many a similar
tract now, on the western frontier, for just such
considerations; that with fifty dollars, or fifty-
five dollars, or two mules, it will be in his power
to purchase head-rights on the western frontier;
but that does not at all touch the right in the
party.
There is nothing suspicious, nothing unusual
in this. The whole case before the Senate is
simply this, and I cannot-divine whence arises the
opposition. Texas issued a head-right in favor
of an individual. That head-right is not con-
tested at all by the honorable Senator; that it is
genuine is not disputed. This head-right was lo-
cated before that former portion of Texas, which
is now a part of New Mexico, was transferred to
the United States. At the time of the transfer to
the United States, nothing was wanting but the
simple issue of a patent. The land had been
located; it had been surveyed; the survey had
been approved and recorded. But the gentleman
says that, in 1851, after the transfer to the United
States, an attempt is made to fabricate some title
to this particular tract. If there is any party claim-
ing that his rights, by papers subsequent to the
date of this survey, have been imperiled or invaded,
the gentleman's argument would be perfectly un-
answerable; but there is nobody claiming this
tract except the present petitioner. If there be any
other private claimant, his rights are reserved by
the very terms of the bill itself. The bill does not
purport to convey the land to this individual irre-
spective of the rights of any other private claim-
ant. It is a relinquishment of the title of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The Senator says that wo appeal to the equity
of Congress in asking the passage of this bill.
Now, sir, I undertake to say that, according to
the adjudications of the Supreme Court of the
United States, this patent would issue in a suit
at law.—not simply in a case in chancery, but in
a suit at law. The Supreme Court of the Unrted
States have held, over and over again,in decisions
which have been referred to by the committee in
this report, that the private title to property in
individuals is not divested by the change of alle-
giance to sovereigns. In this case, the Republic
of Texas had parted with this land. It belonged
to a private individual before the transfer of alle-
giance of that part of Texas to the Government
of the United States. It now happens to be in-
cluded within the limit of New Mexico, and by
chance became so included before the issue of the
paper title from Texas. Nothing was wanting
before we acquired that part of Texas, to the per-
fection of the title, but the issuing of the paper
patent, the mere evidence of title; and this indi-
vidual comes forward and asks Congress to issue
the paper, his title being complete before, but
requiring something which will operate as evi-
dence of title. All that created the title occurred
prior to the cession of this portion of the Repub-
lic of Texas to the United States. There is noth-
ing for Congress to do in the matter, but simply
to authorize the Land Office to issue the paper
title. If this Mr. Volcker, who now claims the
land, shall turn out not to be in possession by a
legal chain of title, then the patent which will issue
to him will inure to the benefit of the true pro-
prietor, according to well established rules of law.
If he be not the true proprietor; if any of these con-
veyances of the original certificate to him should
turn out to be fraudulent, and to be insufficientin
law to divest the parties who, upon the face of the
papers, appear to have sold it, the patent will then
inure to their benefit. All that is now desired
from the Government is, that it, abandon its appa-
rent legal title to the land, which in point of law
does not exist. This is a claim for six hundred
and forty acres of land. There is no doubt at
all that, if you vefuse to confirm this location, the
party will have a right to locate elsewhere. It;an-
j not conceive any interest in this Government to
dispute a matter like this with one of its citizens.
The gentleman says there are sahneson the land.
It may be so. ft may be for that very reason that
the party, instead of applying for a different loca-
tion in Texas, asks us to confirm his right. I
know nothing of that fact. This man's title was
placed in my hands by a Representative of the
State of Texas in the other House; and on exam-
ination it appeared to me perfectly clear on the face
of the papers that the Government of the United
States had no right to refuse a relinquishment of
its legal title, the equitable title certainly, at all
events being out of the Government of the United
States, and the billupon its face not pretending to
determine the rights of the proprietors, but merely
purporting to be a relinquishment of the title of
the Government. I take no interest in the bill,
but it appears to me to be eminently just and
proper; and having been reported by my com-
mittee , I have made these few observations to the
Senate, and shall leave it without further remark.
Mr. PEARCE. My attention was called to this
bill the other day, and I gave it some little exam-
ination. It struck me that the difficulty in the case
of the applicant was this: there was undoubt-
edly a head-right issued to this Simon Prado,
as mentioned by the Senator from Michigan, and
there are successive alienations of his certificate;
but there is a want of proof that this head-right
was located on the lands which he claims to be
his under an alleged location. There is no proof
that these lands were ever located within that part
of the territory claimed by Texa«, which, under
the compromise acts of 1850, belonged to the Uni-
ted States, under the boundary arrangement with
Texas. There is no proof that this head-right
was ever located on that spot for the benefit of
Simon Prado or any of his assignees. The loca-
tion is very poorly proved by anybody, or for
anybody. There is a certificate by two gentle-
men who appear to be chain-carriers; not the
proper parties, I should think, to prove the location
of a tract of land. Then there is a certificate from
a deputy surveyor; but it does not appear that he
was the one who made the survey and location,
but he says it was made according to law. There
is the certificate of another, who says he has ex-
amined the plat and field-notes, and finds them
correct; butwhenwe come to look at other papers,
which are not included in the printed report, we
find that the location was made for certain other
parties, having no manner of connection with Si-
mon Prado, or any of his assignees.
If Simon Prado or his assignees did not locate
this particular tract by virtue of the head-right,
which had been passed from him to them, neither
he nor they have any claim to this land. The
head-right may be very good, but the claim to the
land must depend on the location of that liead-
riglit on the particular land claimed by tliem; and
that location must either have been by them or
for them, by some person authorized to locate for
them. That is not the case here. It seems to me
that is a fatal defect.
Other questions might arise if this had been lo-
cated by Simon Prado, or by any of Ins assignees;
but I will notgo into them. 1 understand there
are a great many other claims of the same sort
that may come before the Senate, and I think it
is very well to ascertain what is the validity of
this, which is the firstone, so far as I know, that
has been presented for our consideration. 1 can-
not, for my life, see how it is possible that any
claim can be set up by Simon Prado or his as-
signees, unless it be proved that he or they, or
some oiip of them, have caused this location to be
made for them. That is not shown by the papers;
and therefore I think the case utterly fails.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will simply read the cer-
tificate to the Senate. It appears to me that if we
are going inio these technicalities in the proceed-
ings of the location of land on the western fron-
tier, we might as well pass a general law confis-
cating the homesteads and titles to property of
all our frontier citizens. It amounts simply to
that—nothing more nor less. Here we have—
" Field-notes of a survey of Ix hundred and forty acres of
land made for Georzc II. PasthaU it bein* the land to
which kc is ealUled by virtue of land certificate No. 169,
second ct&ss, issued In/ the board of hind commissioners for
Bexar county, to Simon Prado, on the 5+h day of January,
anno Domini 1848.
I " Paid survey i<3 No. 33, in section No 15, situated on the
table-lands or plain between the Rio Grande aijd the Pecos
river. Beginning at a mound of eaith raided ior the north-
west cotner of this survey, twenty-five mile- and nine hun-
dred vara? ea^t, and two hundred an<l rune miles and sixteen
huiuhed and twenty-five vajas north, from th*3 foulhwest
corner of survey No. X, made by lcobert B. [Jays, at the
cio.csinij of the Ilio Grande at Ei Paso, from which another
mound of eaith bears east ten v.uas: thence ea>t twelve
hunched and fifty-five vaias, entered the valley of the; Salt
Lake, known as ' La Halm i3' nineteen hundred varas t<> a
mound of earth on the bank of said lake, laised for the noith-
