1426
THE CONGRESSIGNAR GLOBE.
April 1,
other thing: I think we ought to go before the
country with sue!) a measure as we are willing to
be responsible for. I am willing, under the cir-
cumstances, to vote for three regiments; not for
five. I hope the Senate will adopt the amend-
ment, especially when we come to consider the
means as well as the appropriations. "We shall
have to raise the means for paying these addi-
tional regiments, and we ought to look to both
sides. Three regiments, I believe, will be suffi-
cient; but the matter has been fully discussed
before, and it is not my purpose to weary the Sen-
ate with any further discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays on the amendment;and they were
ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not wish to discuss any
feature connected with this bill, for it has been so
much discussed that every Senator is perfectly
familiar with it. The committee are satisfied that
there is no possible chance to get an accession
of the regular Army at this session of Congress.
The House of Representatives have indicated
their opposition to that scheme in too decided a
manner to leave room for the supposition that
any proposition of that sort would meet the ap-
probation of that House. The question, there-
fore, is simply presented to the Senate, whether
we shall authorize volunteers, 01- no addition to
the public service. I was myself decidedly op-
posed to the use of volunteers, and I am still. I
do not think that they are efficient in service—not
that I have any doubt about their natural courage
and physical capacity, but I think that undis-
ciplined and irregular troops, such as we must
necessarily have in the volunteer service, must be
inefficient. If you could take the uniformed vol-
unteer companies, such as they have in this city,
in Baltimore, in New York, Boston, and else-
where, you would have troops almost equal to
regulars, perhaps quite equal to regulars, and
having more pride of character; and as much effi-
ciency probably, in every respect, as regulars.
They would bo commanded by skillful officers.
I!ut what sort of volunleeis are we going to have
under the operation of tins bill? What sort arc
we likely to get' Raw militia, and nothing but
raw militia, and most of them probably men ,
picked up in the grog-shops of tiie various cities, 1
having nothing to do, no means of employment. 1
Such "in my opinion, will be their character. Sull, i
the Government desires the use of those troops.
I am only giving an excuse for my own vote—
not to have any influence with the Senate. I am
not particularly favorable to the bill; but inas-
much as the President and Secretary of War have
said that they desire to have the power to take
these troops, if they can get nothing better, I
am willing to yield my objections to the volunteer
element, and vote for this bill. My own opinion
is that the Government will want more troops
than they have at present. That opinion 1 ex-
pressed oil a former occasion in the Senate. I
am not one of those who believe the Mormon war
is to be treated lightly, and T think the Govern-
ment, from what we can see, is well satisfied that
it will be a formidable obstacle to overcome.
They are, if I understand properly the move-
ments of the Government, intending to throw into
Utah five or six thousand troops. The volun-
teers, though I do not think they will be efficient
in Utah, 111 a contest with tile Mormons, may be
used by the Government, as I apprehend they '
will be used,"to guard the trams which pass back-
wards and forwards between the settled portions
of the United States and the Territory of Utah.
They may be successfully employed in that ser-
vice.
The regiment of Texas rangers may,doubtless,
be usefully employed on the Texas frontier, and
they will be efficient troops for that service, prob-
ably quite as efficient as regulars, because that is
ail irregular, erratic service which volunteer troops
are quite as capable of performing as regular
troops; and the use of that leghnent in Texas will
enable the Government to withdraw one of the
regular regiments now stationed on the frontier
of Texas and add it to the Utah army. The use
of two other regiments of volunteers may enable
the Government, perhaps, to withdraw from other
service two regiments of regulars and attach them
to the Utah army; so that in fact the whole Utah
army may be composed of regular troops. I pre-
sume it will consist of regular troops, the volun-
teers authorized by this bill being employed on
the emigrant routes or in guarding trains passing
between Kansas and Utah, and upon the Indian
frontiers of the United Stales to protect the inhab-
itants from incursions of the Indians. In this way
these volunteers, although inefficient,may be ser-
viceable, and I apprehend that is the mode in
which they will be employed by the Government,
if at all.
In regard to this amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, I will say that I am willing to take the
two regiments, because I believe that no more
than two regiments, in addition to the Texas regi-
ment of rangers, will be necessary. I think the
Government would not'call more into the service,
probably, if the four be authorized, but it is proper
that we should restrict the expenditures of the
Government as far as possible; and whenever the
question comes up before me, as to whether we
shall authorize four or two volunteer regiments,
believing that two will be all that the Government
will require under the circumstances, I am dis-
posed to take the two instead of the four. If they
are content with that number, I can see no reason
why we should provide for a larger number.
Mr. PUGH. If the Government are willing to
take two regiments, I am ready to give two, and
am perfectly satisfied with that; but I do not in-
tend to have the Government put on me, as one
Senator, the responsibility of refusing them any
suitable number of volunteers to defend the coun-
try. When the Committee on Military Affairs,
first as a committee,and nextspealungon behalf
of the Administration, say they are satisfied with
two regiments, 1 am satisfied perfectly, and I shall
vote for the two on that assurance. But I wish
to give notice that I do not intend to have it said
to me hereafter, that I was not willing to give the
Government sufficient troops to defend the fron-
tieis.
The Senator from Georgia has repeated here, j
that he considers volunteer troops inefficient; that
they will be people picked up in the streets and
gutters. That is where you pick up the regular
soldiers. You never pick up volunteers there. |
Mr. IVERSON. But you drill the regulars.
Mr. PUGH. But how will you drill them for
the Utah campaign? You want them now, or
else you do not want them at all. The demand
is for soldiers now. I grant that if you were ^
going into a permanent increase of the Army, it ■
woufd be a very good idea to have regular sol-
diers, because a regular soldier is considered a
recruit for the first three years; he is not consid-
ered a full-fledged soldier until he has been three
years drilled. But if you want a man for the
present service, within this present year, to go out
and fight the Indians, or the Mormons, I tell you
the volunteer is worth ten regulars. It was well
known in the Mexican war, that, although 111
point of service the old regiments of the regular
Army, consisting of soldiers long in the service,
were very valuable—and I do not underrate them—
yet the rank and file of the new regiments did not
compare with the rank and file of the volunteer
regiments. I tell the President and Secretary of
War, that if they want efficient troops for present
service immediately, within the next six months,
they had better take volunteers for their own
credit. I know how the regulars are recruited.
They are recruited 111 the city of Cincinnati: that
is one of the reciumng stations. They get peo-
ple that arc fit for nothing else. They pick them
out of the gutters, truly; and the consequence is,
that of theu-ank and file of your regular Army a
large majority are not even naturalized; they are
men who can find 110 otliercmployment; but yet,
the Senator says that volunteers, our own citi-
zens, who arc anxious to go forth and detend the
honor and the flag of the country, and who offer
to do so, not from the inducement of your pay,
are not going to be as available as regulars !
Now, sir,if thisaniendinentoftheSenator from
Virginia, to which I have no objection, provided
the ^Administration take the responsibility or' it,
be adopted, I shall move to strike out so much of
the fifth section as stipulates that the President
shall not receive less than one regiment from a
State; for if there are to be but two regiments, I
want every State to have a chance. Let the rule
be, " first come, first served;'1 let companies be
offered, and let the President, as^ far as he can,
j distribute them and give all the States a chance.
! There are many States who want to offer the
services of their citizens. I think it is a poor busi-
ness for a young man to go into. I will tell him
that; and I will tell him, from a little experience,
that he had better stay at home; but still, if he
wants to go, give him a fair chance. Distribute
these companies to the various States. If we are
going'to have but three regiments—one for the
State of Texas—I think it wrong that only two
other States should have an opportunity to fur-
nish men; but let us provide that the President
shall not receive more than one company from a
State, and then there will be no controversy;
otherwise there will be a controversy. I do not
know how many troops have been offered to the
War Department; I know that I have been beset
ever since I have been here by very good men,
by companies which have long been in existence
—many of them served in the Mexican war, and
have been under organization ever since—to pre-
sent their applications. They want to offer the
President a whole regiment from my State, even
two regiments; but I do not suppose he can take
more than one tenth part of them. I hope, how-
ever, I10 will give my State a chance to offer him
a company or two, at all events. If I should not
make that point with him and the Senate, my con-
stituents would notbesatisfied. If wearetohave
but two regiments, I shall move that amendment,
provided this be adopted; and I presume, after
the suggestion of the Senator from Georgia, that
nobody will make any objection to it. We may
as well withdraw the call for the yeas and nays,
and let the amendment be adopted. Then I shall
move, in the fifth section, line three, to strike out
the word "regiment," and insert "company."
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a few words
in reply to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Georgia, m regard to volunteers. I think
what he said with reference to our volunteers is
entirely incorrect; and if he had known those
volunteers, I10 would not have said what he did
say. He represents that persons hanging about
grog-shops, and unfit for service, are entered as
volunteers. In reply to that, I will say that I had
the honor myself'to offer the services of a com-
pany from Pennsylvania the other day for the
Utah war—a uniformed company—composed of
the best young gentlemen of the county of Fay-
ette, in which they reside. They are not the
kind of men who usually enlist, but are thrifty, in-
dustrious young mechanics, and intelligent, well-
educated, young lawyers and physicians. I will
add that if there is any doubt about getting men
to fill up the Army, the volunteers of the State of
Pennsylvania will furnish the whole number.
We will give you the two regiments, and I will
venture to say they will be composed mainly of
men who are fit to meet us anywhere—intelligent,
well-bred men. I agree with the Senator from
Ohio, that it is an unprofitable business, and gen-
erally does no benefit to the young maa who be-
comes a volunteer soldier, but it is a matter of
taste. It seems to be a part of our nature in this
country to be soldiers. Our people desire to put
011 military uniforms; and when they have done
so, they like to be in a fight. I shall be very
sorry indeed if the honorable Senator believed
that the men I have spoken of aie not fit for vol-
unteeis.
Mr. IVERSON. I am very happy to hear the
Senator from Pennsylvania state that his State
has so many patriotic and efficient men ready to
engage in the service of the country, and 1 trust
the Government will take these regiments from
Pennsylvania, if they have so many soldiers and
gentlemen very willing to fight. I apprehend, how-
ever, that by the time they have traveled twelve
hundred or fifteen hundred miles across the plains
111 the heat of the summer, tjiey will get sick of
it, and be glad to be back again. Still, that is a
mattei of no conscquence now. I think volun-
teers are efficient enough when they are drilled,
but they are not efficient when they are not drilled;
and the annals of the country, from tile revolu-
tionary war to the present time, show it. But I
rose, principally, to speak to the amendment
which the Senator from Ohio has moved to the
fifth section.
Mr. PUGH. I have not offered an amend-
ment; but as soon as the motion of the Senator
from Virginia is carried, I shall move the amend-
ment which I indicated.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall reserve what I have
to say upon it until it is offered.
