1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
east corner of this survey, from which another mound of
enuii bears south ten varas; thence south nineteen hundred
vara<3, crossing the eastern projection of said valley to a
mound of earth raised for she southeast comer of this sur-
vey, fiom winch another mound of earth bears north ten
vartid ; thence west nineteen hundred varas, to a mound of
earth raised for the southwest corner of this survey ; thence
north nineteen hundred varas,to the place of beginning; po
as to cover and include said Salt Lake. Surveyed July 22,
1850.
" Bearings marked. No timber near.
BERNARDO McGUIRE,
TENAS NASH,
Chain-Carriers.
" I, Joel L. Ankrim, deputy surveyor for Bexar district, do
hereby certify that the survey designated by the foregoing
phitaiul field-notes was made according to law, and that the
limits, boundaries, and corners of the same, together with
the marks, natural and artificial, are truty described therein.
"JOEL L. ANKRIM,
(l Deputy Surveyor, Bcxur District
Then comes the surveyor himself:
" I, I. S. McDonald, di&trict surveyor for Bexar district, do
hereby certify that I have examined the foregoing plat and
field-notes, and find them correct, and that they are lecorded
m my office in book A, No. 5, page 367.
« I. S. MeDONALD,
" District Surveyor, Bexar District.
" San Antonio, November 16,1850."
Now, sir, the objection made is, that amongst
the title papers filed by this party who claims the
confirmation, the Senators who have examined
these papers have not found by what authority
George H. Paschal had this location made. To
that i answer that if there be an absence in the
papers of proof of such authority, the question is
not one between George II. Paschal and Volcker,
because the rights of all private individuals are
saved by the bill, and it would be a violent pre-
sumption for us to say that George Ii. Paschal,
without any interest whatever in this certificate,
took the trouble to go upon the land and have it
surveyed. He must have had an interest m the
title at the time. After all, it was not so very val-
uable a matter, according to the statement of the
Senator from Michigan. A tract of land which
was sold twice for fifty dollars, and the third time
for fifty-five dollars, and the fourth time for a pair
of mules, probably would not justify them in in-
curring any very extraordinary expense in prov-
ing up their chain of title here, it not being dreamed
by anybody that, after the title had reached this
point, when, under the authority of the Republic
of Texas itself, nothing more was required than
to apply to the State office to get a patent, that
objection would be made here.
it may be that other claims of this kind are
pending; but I have not heard of them. This is
the only one I have come across in my service on
the Committee on Private Land Claims. It really
appears to me that the objections are such as
would be fatal in point of law, if this man were
proving up a title against adverse claimants; but
they have nothing- whatever to do with the ques-
tion whether the Government of the United States
ought justly to relinquish its legal title in the
land.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Louisiana
expresses a great deal of surprise at the views
I have submitted here; but 1 am inclined to be-
lieve that if his suiprise is well-founded, I have
been so unfortunate as not to make myself at all
understood; because, if I have, I should be no less
surprised at the reply of the Senator from Louis-
iana. You may illustrate this case by one of our
own land warrants. Suppose a man comes to
Congress, and asks for a patent to b.e granted to
him in virtue of a land warrant located upon one
hundred and sixty acres of land: musthe notshow
that either he, or some other former holder of the
land warrant, has located it upon the particular
quarter section he claims? That is the point in
this case.
The Senator says this is a simple question of
whether the Uni'.ed States will relinquish its title
to six hundred and forty acres of land. Relin-
quish it to whom ? To some man who has a right j
to claim it? I should find no difficulty at all in !
this case, if it clearly appeared that this man had 1
a right, under his certificate from the Republic of
Texas, to this land; but the point is, that he never
located it on this land at till. It appears that a
survey was made of this land for Mr. Paschal and
Mr. Pruder, and that Mr. Paschal and Mr.Pru-
der received their right from A. W. Housfon; but
neither A-W. Houston, nor Paschal, nor Pruder,
appears to have ever had any interest in this head-
right whatever. I have here the law of the Repub-
lic of Texas, which requires these things to be
recorded. The very law under which this head-
right was issued requires that it shall be recorded.
The papers in this case sent up to the Senate con-
tain a full and complete transcript of the record,
and that transcript shows conclusively that no
holder of this certificate ever located it at ali.
I am notdenying,forthe purpose of presenting
this case, that this is a good certificate, but I am
denying that the certificate was ever located on
this land. That is the difficulty. I come back
to the case I took for illustration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN, i understand he does not
deny that Paschal located it on the land.
Mr. STUART. I do not deny that these pa-
pers show that Paschal had this land surveyed.
I deny that he ever located the certificate on it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Surveyed under this cer-
tificate, under the head-right?
Mr. STUART. Precisely.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator pretend
that there is any other location required than to
call on the surveyor to survey the land under the
particular head-right?
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I take, this
ground; as I have just said, the laws of Texas
required a record of all these proceedings, of the
transfer of ownership; a transcript of that record
is here, and that transcript does not show that
Paschal ever had any interest in the certificate.
On the contrary, it shows a chain of title down to
this claimant, Volcker, from other persons.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I want to get at the point
at which we differ. I asked him if he denied that
Paschal loeated? Does he admit that Paschal lo-
cated ? If he does, then the only point m the whole
argument is that there has not yet been sufficient
evidence that Paschal was once an owner. That
is the whole point.
Mr. STUART. I was about to state it, if the
Senator had not interrupted me. This ciaim must
be founded on one line of argument or another.
The Senator cannot found this claim upon a chain
of title to the certificate which he says passed from
hand to hand; but that is not so. By the laws of
Texas, the transfers of that certificate were to be-
come a part of the records of the proper county
in the Republic of Texas. This man, Paschal,
never having appeared as owner, of course we
must conclude he never was an owner. Now,
suppose any stranger had gone and had a survey
made of that land, and said he made it under this
certificate: what would that show? Nothing. lie
must show that he had a right to do it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dislike very much to in-
terrupt the Senator. If he will permit me, how-
ever, I will make one further suggestion, and say
nothing more in the matter. These certificates
arc, to be sure, transferable by indorsement, which
ought to be recorded; but the fact iswell known,
that in order to avoid the necessity of constant
indorsements upon the certificate, the holder at
any particular time was in the habit of making
an assignment on the back of the certificate, leav-
ing the name of the assignee in blank, which any I
holder might fill up at his pleasure; and, conse- !
quently, Paschal might very well have been the
owner of this certificate at a particular time, with-
out having filled in his name, and, after the loca-
tion passed it to Volcker or any other person,
and then the name would be filled in; so that the
location would be made by the party actually m
possession of the^certificate, although the fact of
that possession might not appear upon the record. !
Mr. STUART. Mr. President  i
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour ha* ar- |
rived for the consideration of the special order.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Douglas, to refer so much of the
annual message of the President of the United
States as relates to the affairs of Kansas, to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. HALE. Me. Prc&ident , in the remaining
remarks which I propose to submit to the Senate,
I shall confine myself to two points or positions
assumed in a pnpev which I hold jn ray hand,
called "A report of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the opinions of
the Judges thereof, in the case of Dred Scott versus
John P. A. Sandford," protesting, however, that
I refrain from an examination of any more at this
period, solely for the want of time. The first of
these points is the affirmation by the Supreme
Court of the United States that property in slaves
is of the same right as all other property. The
other is, that the rightto hold and to trafficin this
property, at the time of the American Revolution,
and at the time of the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution, was so universally acknowledged and
recognized in the country from which we camc,
and in this country, that no man thought of dis-
puting it. An extract to that effect, from the
opinion of the court, has already been read from
the desk by the clerk. To these two points I
shall confine my remarks, contending, in the first
place, that the legal proposition asserted by the
court is unsound and untrue, and not supported
by principle or authority, and that v/hat purports
to be a statement of facts is not supported by the
truth of history.
The first proposition to which I have alluded
is more distinctly and more fully expressed in
the constitution which has been framed by the
Lecompton convention, and I will read the state-
ment as it is there expressed:
" The right of property is before and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction, and the right of the owner of a slave
to such slave and its increase, is the same and as inviolable
as the riyllt of the owner of any pioperty whatever.'3
I think the Lecompton convention have the ad-
vantage of the Supreme Court in one respect: they
are a Jittle more explicit. I have a higher respect
for the Lecompton convention than I have for the
Supreme Court; because the Lecompton conven-
tion have placed this principle distinctly on paper,
and there is no mistaking what they mean, while
the Supreme Court have decided the same thing,
but have not quite so explicitly expressed it to
the apprehension of the common ear.. Now, sir,
I undertake to maintain that the principle thus
asserted is not true; and on this point I shall ask
the attention of the Senate to some authorities;
but before coming to the authorities, let me state
what I believe on this subject.
I do not stand here to deny that legally there is
such a thing as property in slaves. I am notdis-
cussing the moral question, but the legal one; and
I do not stand here to deny that there is, in the
States tolerating slavery, legal property in slaves;
for, in the free States, we have a qualified prop-
erty in the labor of human beings. In the State
in which I live, criminals, if tried and found guilty,
are sent to the penitentiary for the public good,
and any individual may contract with the warden
having the custody of the prisoners for their labor;
and, if the Legislature see fit, he may take the
prisoners anywhere within the jurisdiction of the
State, and his right in the labor of those convicts
is recognized, and will be protected by the State
; and by its authorities. But, if the man thus using
the labor of convicts in the State of New Hamp-
i shire, should cross over the Connecticut river and
| undertake to quarry marble in the Green Mount-
I ains of Vermont, he would find that his property
■ ceased the moment he got over the river, and that
| the right which he had acquired in New Hamp-
shire, would not extend beyond the territorial
limits of the State imposing the servitude. Just
exactly and precisely that is the right which the
owner of a slave has to his property. He has a
right to the property within the jurisdiction which
imposes the servitude; but the moment the slave
goes beyond that, he is free. I do not rest this on
my own assertion.
There is another right of property—a general
property—and that is a property in inanimate
things, and in the brute creation. A man has a
property in a horse—a horse in Maryland, for in-
stance—he goes with that horse from Maryland
to Virginia, to Delaware, to any and to every
State in the Union, traversing the Confederacy
from oneendto the other, and wherever and when-
ever he arrives in any one of the States his right to
property in the horse is recognized univetsally.
More than that, sir, he may go outside the limits
of the Union, he may go into the British, the Mex-
ican, or the Spanish possessions on this continent;
he may go into the possessions of the savage
tribes; and wherever he finds a community of men,
civilized or savage, there his right of property in
the horse will be recognized. Nay, sir, he may
take that horse across the Atlantic!! he may trav-
erse all the kingdoms of Europe, civilized and
