1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
tucky, and so on throughout the Union, together,
must create trouble in the organization. Two
regiments will march into the field free of jeal-
ousies arising from a recent election in which there
have been many complaints. It is not a system
suited to the present occasion, nor good in itself.
We must take them as the bill provides, by regi-
ments that are ready to march at the word of com-
mand; and as to the mode of their election at
home, or the mode of their organization at home,
it seems to me we shall act wisest the less we
have to do with that. For instance: in Kentucky
we have a regiment all ready, with all the officers
and all the men. It could march to-morrow, if
you gave the order. Will they submit to be dis-
organized, and have a company picked out here,
and a company there, and marched off? Will it
do to say to the States, " we will allow you to
elect, or to appoint, as high as a captain, but when
you come to the higher ranks of the Army you
are not to be trusted. Your citizens are to be di-
vested of all those higher officers; your State is
to be divested of the power of conferring them;
you'cannot go higher than a captain; all higher
officers must be selected by the General Govern-
ment?" No, sir, you will get very few troops in
that way. They will go slowly to the field under
such circumstances. If you want only two re-
giments you can get them to the scene of action
soon. If, however, the President is sent abroad
to pick up a company here and there throughout
this wide domain and organize them, and have
the officers selected, we shall not get them there
before midsummer.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
How the regiment in Kentucky may have been
organized I do not know—I do not want to pre- I
scribe here; but it is enough that they are organ-
ized under the authority of the State, and com-
missioned by the Governor of the State; and you
have no occasion to look any further to see how
or by what process they attained their organiza-
tion. I do not know myself how the regiment
in Kentucky is organized. The Legislature
passed a resolution on the subject, directing a re-
giment to be raised. They have raised it. It is
now ready to march into service at four and
twenty hours' notice. Is it to be changed to suit
the militia mode or the volunteer mode in this,
that, or another Statf ? or had we not better leave
each State to manage these matters as she pleases?
The Administration ask you for volunteers in
regiments, and the States are ready to give
regiments. That is all you ought to require. I
trust, therefore, that, on reconsideration, my
friend from Ohio will withdraw this amendment.
If it is adopted, like the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, I should be disposed to go against the bill.
I should take no further part or interest in it.
Mr. PUGII. My honored friend, the Senator
from Kentucky, misunderstands the principle of
my amendment. 1 have no idea of having the
field officers appointed by the President of the
United States to command these regiments. I
propose to dispense with the field officers. There
is no necessity for them, if you have but two re-
giments.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand my friend
so, but they must necessarily go under the com-
mand of the Federal officers who arc already ap-
pom ted.
Mr PUGH. I said that in battle they would
be commanded by a regular officer anyhow—the
whole command would be.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. At all times they must
be. The gentleman does not suppose that twenty
companies will be serving under the command of
twenty captains always. They must go into re-
giments. They will be organized into regiments
and battalions, and officers of the regular Army
will be placed over them. That is a matter of
necessity, and therefore I say that is the gentle-
man's amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I do notexpect the twenty compa-
nies ever to serve together, and I am certain they
never will serve together, nor ten of them, nor six
of them. If you call for twenty companies of vol-
unteers by this bill, I never expect to see any six :
of the companies serving together. I said that in
battle they would be under the command of a gen-
eral officer—of a colonel commanding with the
command of a general officer. If they are puton
their march as the Senator from Georgia suggests,
they will be commanded by a colonel or lieuten-
ant colonel of the regular Army—the whole com-
mand will be; and on the march the whole army
is split up into small divisions, generally of two
or three companies each. Therefore my amend-
ment will not affect that at all.
But I intended to reply to some very severe an-
imadversions of the Senatorfrom Arkansaswhich
I thought were entirely unjustifiable. I am not
guilty of any of the accusations the Senator has
made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me to interrupt him. I do not intend
to be in the wrong, if I know myself, in any case
where I can help it. It has been suggested to me
that I made some remarks which may have been
severe. They were certainly not meant to be so
towards the Senator personally. That is very
certain; but if any such thing was done, it was
against my will.
Mr. PUGH. I did not misunderstand the Sen-
ator in that regard. I think he forgot the course
of the discussion on this very measure; and he
seemed to misunderstand my object and my votes.
I am willing to take this bill as it came from the
House of Representatives. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Kentucky in that respect. I wanted to
take the bill a a it came from the House, and pass
it and bo done with it; but the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs took it in hand—not I, but the com-
mittee, to which the Senator from Arkansas be-
longs, the committee to which the Senator from
Georgia belongs—they put amendments into this
bill which require it to go back to the House of
Representatives. Therefore my amendment does
not delay it a moment. It must go back to the
House of Representatives; and if it goes back, I
say perfect the bill; that is all. It must go back,
not merely on verbal amendments, but on the vital
amendment offered by I he Senator from Virginia.
It was when he offered his amendment that I gave
notice to the Senate, that if his amendment car-
ried, I would offer this other amendment, not
otherwise. If the amendment of the Senator from
Virgimais reconsidered and thrown out, as I think
it ought to be, and all those immaterial amend-
ments, for they are immaterial, offered by the
Committee on Military Affairs are reconsidered
and thrown out, I will vote for the bill just as it
came from the House of Representatives; and, as
my friend from Kentucky says, it can be a law
in an hour. I say, then, I am not responsible for
any procrastination. I did not begin it; but I say,
after these amendments have been puton the bill,
as an act of justice the amendment which I pro-
pose ought to be adopted.
Now, sir, is it true that I defeated the former
Army bill ? The Committee on Military Affairs
reported to us two sections, firdt, increasing the
number of companies, and second, increasing the
rank and file. I offered to vote for the section in-
creasing the rank and file of the regular Army,
but I was not in favor of the additional companies,
and I stated the teason at the time. The com-
mittee would not agree to that. They insisted
on the two companies, not upon the increase of
the rank and file, and when they had carried the
two companies, they withdrew the section for the
increase of the rank and file. I could not go for
that bill under the circumstances. I stated my
reasons. I was willing to vote for a bill simply
iucieasing the rank and file of the Army; but the
committee never would give us a chance to vote
for that. Then what was the rest of my sin ?
That I offered an amendment for five regiments
of volunteers—that is this bill. Who defeated it?
Not I. I voted for it. I believe my friend from
Arkansas helped to defeat it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let me ask the
Senator if he did not vote to convert the bill into
a volunteer bill—to make the force volunteers in-
stead of regulars ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That killed the
bill. Your friends who went for putting it in that
shape, when they had got it in that shape, refused
to vote for it, and threw off those of us who sup-
ported the original bill.
Mr. PUGH. The amendment providing for
volunteers was carried,and the question came up
on ordeiing the bill, as thus amended, to be read
a third time. I voted for ordering it to be read a
third time, and voted for its passage. My fiiend
from Arkansas voted against it. Those who
wanted an increase of the regular Army joined
with those who wanted no Army at all; they
defeated thl bill, and the responsibility is upon
them. I take none of it. I say the responsibility
is upon those who insisted upon increasing the
regular Army. If they had voted for the bill which
was adopted, as an amendment, by the majority
of the Senate, on my motion, it would have been
through Congress, and the President would have
had force enough, before this time. He offers to
take it now. It could as well have been passed
then as now. I do not say this to criminate the
Senator from Arkansas,but to show him that his
accusation against me is not well founded.
I say again, I am willing to vote for this bill as
it came from the House of Representatives, with
all its imperfections, if there be any; but if the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia is to
stand, it is a simple act of justice that my amend-
ment shall be adopted. My friend from Kentucky
says that Kentucky has a regimentready and offi-
cered. I believe half a dozen other States have
offered an entire regiment each, all officered and
ready, and you will have a controversy. Why
not, as you did in the Mexican war, divide out
the whole service amongst the various applicants?
It was so in Kentucky then, and in my State, and
in Indiana, and in Illinois, and I suppose in nearly
every other State, certainly in all the western
States; there were three times as many troops
offered to the Government as the Government
could accept, and the Government then appor-
tioned them fairly to the several States.
Now, my friend from Arkansas thinks the rea-
son why I insist on this amendment is that I want
the President to take a regiment from the State
of Ohio. I do not care whether he takes it or not.
He can have it. He can have two regiments.
He can have five regiments. He can have ten
regiments, if he wants them. He has never called
for soldiers from my State that he did not get
them, and have more offered than he could accept.
If they wait for me to go to the President or Sec-
retary of War, and ask or implore them to employ
any of my constituents, either in the civil or mil-
itary service of the United States, they will wait
till doomsday. I never solicited any of these
appointments from any President, and I do not
expect to do so. Nor do I know, so far as I am
concerned, that a single Representative from Ohio
has ever been to him on the subject. If he has,
it was not with my knowledgo. The only mem-
ber from my State of whose course I know any-
thing on this subject, is one who is a member of
the Committee on Military Affairs of the other
House, and he voted for the increase of the reg-
ular Army, and made a speech for it—my own
immediate Representative in the other House, as
well as my personal friend; so that it is not true,
though the Senator may think so, that in any
course which I have seen fit to take on this bill,
1 have been influenced by any desire that the
President should take any citizen of Ohio into the
service.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I exculpate the
Senator from that entirely, oil his statement, so
far as I am concerned.
Mr. PUGH. I am happy to be exculpated.
Now, is it true that it injures the volunteer sys-
tem to accept them by companies? They were
accepted by companies, in many instances, in the
Mexican war. The State of Florida had only
two companies. She had no regiment. The
State of New Jersey had less than a regiment.
The six New England States together, my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] suggests to me,
made one regiment. A battalion was called for
from New Jersey, less than a regiment, I think,
five or six companies, and two companies from
Florida. They were as good troops as any. I
served for awhile with the troops from the State
of Florida. I never knew that they were in any
wise injured by being only two companies. They
were very good companies—very good officers,
and excellent men. They were none the less
thought of because they had no field officers.
Mr. YULEK. They had a field officer.
Mr. PUGH. Not those with whom I served.
There were two companies from Florida—no
regiment at all. I know they were stationed in
the city of Puebla. Perhaps at a subsequent call
of volunteers there was a field officer from that
State. I presume there were two calls on that
State, as on most others.
Mr. YULEE. There was a major from Florida.
