1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2433
agreement to the first, fourth, fifth, sixth, elev-
enth, twelfth, twenty-first, twenty-fifth, twenty-
sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth amendments .
of the Senate to the said hill; it agrees to the con- i
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing j
votes* of the two Houses thereon, and has ap- |
pointed Mr. J. Glancy Jones, Mr. V. K. Hor- j
ton, and Mr, James Jackson, managers on the I
part of the House. ;
RECONSIDERATION. !
Mr. POLK. I wish to make a privileged mo-
tion. At the request of another Senator, I move .
the reconsideration ci the vote which was yester- ,
day taken, refusing, to increase the compensation '
of the officers of the revenue service: saying, at
Che same time, that I do not pledge myselt to vote
for the bill when it comes up. j voted against it;
but, at the Roecial request of t\ Senator, I move ':
the reconsideration foi the purpose of bunding '
the que&uon before the Senate a^um
The \ iClil PRESIDENT. Thai motion will ;
be entered.
ENROLLED BILL STONEO.
A message from the Mouse of Ueinesventati\eu,
by Mr. Alux. its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the H"uao had th«- enrolhui bill
entitled £'i\n ac.f for extendthj; the laud hnv>- Kicsf
of the Cascade mountain** in Oregon and Was-li-
ins;ton Territories;5' and it was si?rn' d by die Vice
President.
ORDER OF BUKf YfCSN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order ,
of the day is the Private Calendar. ;
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the miscella- ,
neous apnropnauon bill !
The YU:E PRKyi PENT. The Chair has''
called up the Pnvate <-alemlar. this day being set 1
apart by order of the bf.-ti:(te for the consideration .
of the Piivate Calendar. The Senator from Yir- ;
gima moves that it be po?iponed with a view lo
take up  he* appropriation bill named by him.
Mr. IVER.r.ON i trust the motion of the 1
Senatoi fiom Ynginin sviil not prevail, but that ;
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of'
the Private (J.ih'iular. We have devoted only two
days in tins wtioio session to the consideration of I
private bibs, excepting when some weie taken up ,
out of their older in the morning; hour. There j
are a lai^c number of very meritorious cases, in
my opinion, some of which I have reported my- ,
aelf, that j am satisfied ou^ht to pass the Senate,
and w11 i pass the Senate it considered. It is im- ■
portaut to private claimants—and certainly they ;
have i t  ong a claim on the Government as any !
creditor—that their claims should be considered
at this s< -\c.ion of Congress, so that they may go ;
to the House of Representatives and be consid-
ered there at the next session; for if they be not 1
acted on at tins session, of couise there will be
no possible chance for them to be acted on at the
next session. Any bill which may pass now and ;
go to the House of Representatives will stand :
some chance—not a very good one, 1 confess—
to be acted upon during the next session of Con-
gress by that House. I hope that the Private |
Calendar will be considered. 1;
Oa the first of April, it will be remembered, I !
had a resolution passed, setting: apart Fridays for i
the consideration of private claims. One business |
or another, especially the Kansas business, post- ]
poned the execution of that order fiom time to ' i
time, until about two weeks ago, when we took ,
up the Calendar on one day, passing over such ;
cases f?s were not the subject of debate; and on ;
las! Friday we did the same thine:. Now, 1 in-
sist, when thece are a number of bills on the Pn- '
\ate Calendar that were reported m the early stage , j
of the session, but have not yet be< 11 considered, i
that justice lequires fhatwc should take them up
and consider them.
1 apprehend that the appropriation hiil will pass,
and the Senawrfrom Virginian^ed not be m such
a hurry to prc^s it on the consideration of the
Senate". I should have been very much inclined ;
to introduce a lesoiuuon here, 11 it weie not that
it would be considered disrespectful to the Sen- '
ator from Virginia, declaring that he is a nuisance
to this body, [laughter;] for he constantly urges ;
the appropriation bills to the sacrifice of every- j
thing else. Every morning he rises and moves to I
postpone everything to take up the appropriation ■
bills; and it is appropriation bill, and appropri-
ation bill, and the same sons; forever, that the Sen-
ator from Virginia is ringing; in the ears of the
Senate on every occasion when he has an oppor-
tunity. I think it is asking too much; it is crowd-
ing on the agony rather too high; and 1 trust the
Senate will notindulgc the Senator from Virginia
on this occasion, but let us go on with the consid-
eration of private bills. I call for the yeas and
nays on the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 am 301ns: to vote for the
motion of the gentleman from Viremia; but after
the speech of the Senator from Georgia, I must
say that it is not to be understood that 1 agree with
him in considering- the Senator from Virginia, in
an unqualified sense, a nuisance. [Laughter.]
Mv object is to go with him in postponing the
Private Calendai for the purpose of taking up the
rives and harbor bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe, if my motion pre-
vails, the appropriation bill will come up in its
order, as a matter of course; everything; prior to
u hems: postponed. It will come up without fur-
ther motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the motion of
the Senator from Virginia prevails, the Chair will
call up the appropriation bill, which will then be
subject to any motion that may be made in regard
to if.
Mr. GWIN. I think it would be tt great deal
better for us to ascertain whether we are going to
continue the session longer than next Monday
week, before deciding this question. If we are
to adjourn then, we ought to take up tlie appro-
priation bills, and act on nothing else. The ap-
propriation bills that have been sent to us already,
will require seveial days'consideration before we
pass them. To the very bill the Senator fiom
Virginia is going to call up, appropriating the sum
of $2,500,000, the Committee on Finance have
added §>2,700,000. If we arc going to consider the
appropuation bills, and are to adjourn on Mon-
day week, we ought to take them up and dispense
with all other business before the two Houses, and
the Senate especially. To that course I am op-
posed. I think it would be a disgrace to the coun-
try, after the rcpoit that came from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations tins morning, if we weie
to do so. If Congress iulpmins, with that ques-
tion unsettled, and England persists, as I believe
she will, in the course which she has adopted, ve
leave the Govennn"ut \Mthout any means of as-
sciung the rights and the honor of the country.
To suppose that we can adjourn on Monday week,
after receiving that report. looks to me as an utter
impossibility. Therefore, i think the Senator
from Virginia need not urge the appropriation
bills, for we shall be forced, by necessity, to re-
peal the joint resolution for adjournment on Mon-
day week, and we shall then h.ive plenty of time,
and can look at some of the mentowous private
claims that havebei a hei e year after year, strictly
scrutinized before the Court, of Claims, and the
Committee on Claim.*. We can atleast get clear j
of our Calendar by considering those bills and le- j
jecting or passing (hem. 1 think the proper course j
1? to postpone the question of taking up the ap- ;
proprifition Ujll until to-morrow morning, nnd let |
Us, in the mean time decide whether we aregomg j
to adjourn on Monday wek. If so, the appro- j
puation bills ought 10 be the special order every
day at eleven o'clock.
1 he question being taken on Mr. TiuKTLn's
motion by yeas and nj y*, i esuited—yeah 3 L, njys
18; as follows:
Me^rs. Alien. !5Hi. U'L'ler. Buirtu. CI u. Clii«a-
m<ui, i oil-unci. Cuttendi-n, Uavi-, f>i I'Vs-emlen, P'U-
jiato-k, Posit, Fo-tci. ii'ik*. Mail an, liu'ite JoIhwj 1 of
Aikau-a-;. J'tae-, Kim; Ma-on. pcatce. Puu'iK R.-ui.
Sowaid, Shdcil, mim.u T< onili«. and Wi^'lil —
31.
S VVS—Broilenck, Brown, Chandler, Douglas,
Fitch, (rteen, Uatnlni, il'>u -ts>n. i\vi' on, Jo nil on of Ten
11 'viv. K'.'unciiv, M-illoiv, Polk. Hnnuioh-, Tiio.n-on of
N-:\v Jersey, Tiuuibuii. YV.ulfi, H'ld WiNon—I--. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business now |
in order i« the bill (U. il. Xo. 200) making ap-
propriations for sundiy civil expanses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of that bill and all puor orders, and take
up the river and harbor bills; and on that mo-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler. Dixon, Doug-
1a<, Fessenden,Foot, Foster, Hale,Hamlin, Harlan, King,
1 Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Wade, and Wilson—17.
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Brown, Clay,
j Chn«man, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis,Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
[ Green, Gwin, Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
lorv, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Slideli, Toombs,
and Wright—32, J
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the appro-
priation bill, in order to take up the bill (S. No.
120) for the relief of David Myerle, It is a case
of very great hardship. The bill has passed the
House of Representatives three times, and has
passed the Senate three times, but never has
passed both Houses during the same Congress;
and as this is the day ordinarily set apart for the
consideration of private claims, 1 think we ought
to give them some little attention. I do not appre-
hend any difficulty in the passage of the appro-
priation bills, but I do think that justice demands
a fair consideration of claimants' cases. It has
been gravely proposed in the Senate to prolong
the session in order to get time to vote a bounty
in the shape of lauds. I think it would be much
better to take time to consider the just demands
of our creditors. Wo had better be just before we
undertake to be generous; and I therefore think
that this bill ought to be considered. True, it
| may not ha\e claims over other bills; but if we
cannot take them in gross we must take them in
detail, and I therefore submit that motion. [" Oh,
110 !"] It is suggested to me that it may be called
up during some morning hour; and that being the
case, I withdraw the motion.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
| The Senate, as 111 Committee of the Whole,
i proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 200)
j making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
I of Government for the year ending 30th of June,
!
j The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
| nancc was to add the following proviso to the
! clause appropriating for the coast survey:
1 Provided. That officers and men of the Army and Navy,
: when omp!o\ ed on const survey service which, m thejudg-
1 nunit 01 the ^eeieirny ot the Tieasury. causes unusual ex-
pen^o, inav u-ccivo surh reasonable allowance, in addition
to their u-miiai compensation, a* the Secretary may direct:
1 *lud fiorided, further, Thar the allowance tor cxtrasubsist-
: euce to the a-«istant in chatgi' of the Coast Survey office
shall not exceed the s-um authoiized hv t lie regulation of the
I Tieasuiv Department of the Mih of January, 18,50 ; aud that
i ihe allowance for extta subsistence to officers, when de~
1 laclied fron! the main pairv. shall not exceed the mm an-
J authorized hy the Tiea-ury leguiation of May 11,1814.
f The amendment was agreed to.
! The next amendment of the committee was in
'line eighty-two, to strike out " Holmes V and
: insert4< the best/' so as lo make the clause read:
; For the pmchn=e of the Le-t life-boat. See.
; Mr. IIUNTER.. The committee instructed ma
I to report thi^ amendment. Afterwards it was
- reconsidered, and I believe a majority agreed to
] withdiaw it. 1'was not in thatmajoiity. I wish-
! the lines read as they are in the House bill: 1
The Secretary redd as follows: "
" Foi the pmehiwo ofk Holme-Mite-hoat ' to be placed at
each oi the tn't im eight lii'e-sa\mg ^utumw 011 the coast of
New -!<'s ' y. V<!°-
, Mi. HUNTER. I understand, owing to that
rccourfidciation, tiie majority of the Committee oil
Finance are in favor of voting down this amend-
ment. I confess 1 incline to it. 1 do not think we
, ou.^ht to adopt any special legislation of this kind;
we ought not to legislate for individuals in this
. wav. I fake i: for granted the Secretary of the
Treasury will take the best boat, if the power of
selection be given to him. 15ut 1 leave the matter
with the Senate; 1 will not debate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I not understand that
: this amendment is withdrawn?
Mr. IILWFER. I undeistood the committee
reconsidered it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is not to be voted
on, I suppose r
Mr. PuLlv. I offer if.
: The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
i is before the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not au-
j thonzed to offer it by any committee.
Mr. POEK. I suggest that when the Finance
I Committee have brought in their report, and it h
