1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Right of Suffrage—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
which two and a quarter centuries ago was offer-
ing its bounties to emigrants, now calls on the j
emigrant commissioners at New York to try ami
turn to its untitled fields a stream, at least, from
the tide of foreign emigration.
Kentucky will next feel the want; and were we
to-day, by our legislation, to adopt the gentle-
man's narrow, anti-American policy—were we
to repel instead of encourage the sons of toil to
come and settle among us, and thus dry up that
source of national wealth and prosperity—lan-
guage would fail to give utterance to the curses,
loud and deep, that would be echoed along the
borders of that gallant State, that has still within
her so many enduring monuments of her early
emigrant founders. I need not, sir, recur to the
chivalrous daring and dauntless enterprise of the
patriotic Celts, who stood side by side, and shoul-
der to shoulder, with the intrepid Boone, in the
settlement of Kentucky, in 1746. The graceful I
pen of her own eloquenthistorian, Marshall, (the
relative of the honorable gentleman on this floor
of that name, from Kentucky,) enshrines in all
the graces of style and diction, the memories of
the McAfees, of Benjamin Logan, Simon Butler,
and of McLellan, and Hogan. These men, he
tells us, were all pioneers of Kentucky, and were
the first to explore the country beyond the Ohio.
The same hardy race of backwoodsmen also sent
out the first successful pioneers of population on
the greater current of the Mississippi, to mark
along its banks the sites of future settlements.
Referring to these gallant Celtic emigrants,
Marshall says, (volume 1, chapter 3:)
"For enterprise and daring couiase, none transcended
Major Hugh McGrady—a IIailand,a Mcl3ndo,and aiJhap-
lam, deserve also to be mentioned."
This is the language of Kentucky's historian.
Indeed, sir, I know of no prescription better cal-
culated to allay the feverish apprehensions which
disturb the honorable member from Kentucky,
in regard to foreign immigration, than to care-
fully read and thoughtfully ponder the entire first
volume of his relative's history. It is the best
cure I could recommend for the modem Amer-
icanism of that gallant State.
A periodical which takes no part in politics,
which is devoted to commerce, and to questions
of political economy, (Hunt's Merchant's Maga-
zine,) devotes a considerable .share of its well-filled
pages to the consideration of the value of immi-
gration to the several States of this Union. In a
late number, we read as follows:
"The adoption of any measure by tiie Government or
people of the United States, which could in any way tend
to prevent or divert the great tide of emigration, of labor-
and capital, fiom Europe to our shores, would nnl\ tfrnl its
parallel, in it* disastrous effects, with what we read of' the
expulsion of the Moors from Spain, and the Hugenois from
Prance.
"In the year 1849, the whole number of foreSsrneis arriving
at the different ports of the United States was two hundred
and ninety-six thousand. If we estimate the value of the
labor, the skill, and the capital of each of these emigrants
at only $100, we have an augmentation of the national
wealth, in a single year, of more than twenty-nine million
dollars. When we reflect, however, that the groat majority
of these people are able-bodied men and wbnnjn, accus-
tomed to hard, persevering labor, many to skilled lahoi;
that many also possess, m money or implements, varying
amounts of capital, the estimated value of each to the coun-
try which we have given, will appear too inconsiderable.
Estimating the value at $500, (less than one half that ot an
able-bodied negro slave,) we have the enormous sum of
$148,000,000 added to the wealth of the United States in a
single year; and it is thus that i have always accounted
for the undisputed fact that, m cities of laree population,
property is tenfold more valuable than elsewhere.,J
Who would wish to send this mass of living
wealth to some rival land, and prevent Minnesota,
and like new States, from participating in its ma-
terial benefits ? or who would shut against it this
great Republic—the hope of mankind, the center
of human liberty in the world.
But we hear stump orators constantly declaim-
ing about pauperism, poverty, and vice ! What
says the authority I have just quoted ?
" Of the few who become a charge, or are consigned to
prison for petty offenses, what is the expense, compared to
the wealth which the mass of emigrants actually consti-
tute5"
The State which I have the honor, in part, to
represent receives more than half of the whole
emigration; and is consequently more exposed
to the evils here suggested. She levies a tax
on each emigrant; and this money constitutes a
fund, directed by commissioners, who apply it to
the relief of emigrants who have been less than
five years in the country. By this prudent legis-
lation of New York, no town or county is charge-
able with the relief of an emigrant during that
period. If there ^pauperism among the emigrants
within these five years, they themselves pay the
expense of relieving it, and State officers dispense
this extorted charity. What New York has done,
other States may do, and thus prevent the spread
of the pauperism which gentlemen so much dread.
If other States find themselves burdened, let them
use the remedy which they have in their own
hands.
Of the extent of relief afforded by emigrants to
their less fortunate companions by this process,
some idea may be formed from the annual reports
of the commissioners of emigration of the State
of New York. In 1857, as appears by their last
report, the commutation money received by them
from emigrants amounted to $369,289; besides
having in their possession, in com, $6,740,436;
being sixty-nine and a fraction dollars for each
person arriving here, including men, women, and
children. Nearly all of this commutation money
was laid out in the support of the various institu-
tions under the charge of the commissioners.
Prate not then of foreign pauperism. The State
that bears it does so because it chooses to bear it.
If it exists, she has a ready, simple, and effica-
cious remedy.
But it is alleged that this emigration brings to
our shores many men of bad character, who soon
fill our penitentiaries and prisons. Statistics are
adduced, chiefly from large cities; but to these
very statistics I appeal for a refutation of the
charge. In New York, Boston, Cincinnati, and
some other large cities, the foreign clement is al-
most, if not fully, equal to the native population.
And is it not natmal to expect that, out of such
large numbers of emigrants, that many of them
should be excitable, when our laws offer no check
to the sald^bf poisonous compounds vended as
common beverages? These madden their vic-
tims; quarrels ensue; their humble condition in
life gives them no right to indulgence, and they
arc therefore dragged off to the police office, and
figure as criminals. But the real criminals—the
assassins, the burglars, the counterfeiters, the
forgers, the unfaithful public officers—these are
not found in any greater proportion among the
foreign-born citizens than among our native coun-
trymen.
Let immigration become more a subject of con-
cern with State Legislatures; let them impose upon
it the proper guaids and checks, and instead of
keeping alive a spirit of illiberal hostility, and
forming a pretext for anti-republican combina-
tions, it will become a source of wealth, and an
element of prosperity and progress. The people
of Minnesota see the benefits to be derived from
the hardy hands of the patriot emigrant who seeks
a home in this land, partly to better his condition,
but more to gratify his love for its institutions,
and to raise his family of children to revere and
defend its emblem of liberty with his and their
hearts' blood, as has been proved on every battle-
field in winch our country has been engaged with
her enemies.
Stop emigration, and you chcck the growth,
piosperity, and the development of your country,
and direct elsewhere that winch would be so ben-
eficial to you. England failed at Sebastopol, and
in the Russian war was inferior to France. Why ?
Because the stalwart army that would have fought
her battles had been driven from Ireland by op-
pression, and had, as free citizens of our own
Republic, labored with an ardent zeal to elevate
themselves, and to advance the country. " Cursed
be the laws that deprived me of such subjects,"
said George If., as he saw the Irish brigade in
the Frencfi service drive his best regiments before
them. " Cursed be the laws that deprive pie of
such subjects," cries England, in her hour of
trial. Nay; proud Albion stoops to send her emis-
saries to or land, to seek and to lure with gold
the emigrants whom her tyranny had driven from
her borders. And you, who would suspect the
loyalty of adopted citizens, tell me, did the Irish-
American, or patriotic German, or any other for-
eigner by birth, then hasten to put on the livery
of England ? Did one turn his back on his adopted
country, to take back his old allegiance? Eng-
land, it is true, made some Red Republican con-
verts—men who have neither religion nor patri-
otism—who were compelled to " leave their coun-
try for their country's good." Of these, I believe
that a few were induced to join the British^tand-
ard. Such people as these have a home nowhere.
Even' now, when England is struggling to re-
gain India, where she has had but a partial foot-
hold, she looks once more to Ireland, and mourn-
fully beholds her diminished population; but
beyond the AtJanticshc sees her expatriated sub-
jects,prosperous themselves, and contributing to
the prosperity of their new home. Deeply now
does she regret that she had not turned the tide of
emigration to India; that she had not offered such
inducements of liberty and happiness, as would
have enabled her to raise up three millions of Eu-
ropean colonists, where she, until lately, had but
Government officers, and slaves worked up to mad-
ness in their struggle for freedom. But it may be
thought that there would be some political danger
from an immigration as large as we have had.
The cry is raised that our liberties are in danger,
and Congress is called upon to see that they suffer
no detriment. What has been the real extent of
this immigration ? According to the statistical re-
turns, the total immigration from September 30,
1819, to December 31,1855, was four million two
hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and
twenty-four, to which BromweU's accurate work
adds two hundred and fifty thousand for the thir-
ty-six years preceding, making a total of four
million five hundred thousand as the whole foreign
immigration sincc the close of the revolutionary
war. But this subject has been raised to the dig-
nity of a question of national political cconomy,
and 1ms been thoroughly examined by the differ-
ent national associations, whose annual meetings
in various parts of the Union, are already pro-
ductive of so much benefit to the real substantial
interests of the country in its unexampled career
of prosperity and progress.
At a recent session of the American Geograph-
ical and Statistical Society, held in New York,
the scction on " political statistics"examined and
discussed this question in some of its bearings.
The chairman (S. P. Dinsmore, Esq.) presented
some information, in regard to immigration into
this country, which won general attention. I give
a few extracts from this paper pertinent to the
point I am considering:
'• a i-s intcie&tmg to coinjwc the results of population in
ibis country, as now exhibited in our census tables, with
the lesults which would have been, had there been no for-
eign nnmigiation.
" In 1790 the population of the Hnited States, including
whites and free colored persons, wa«? 3,231,930. Now the
careful calculation of the tables shows that the annual in-
crease of population, by excels of births over deaths, is 1.38
per cent (138m 10,000) in this country—the largest increase
of anv country m the world ; the like increase in England
and Wales being 1.25; (125 in 10,000;) in France, .44; in
itinsia, .74; in Prussia, 1.17; in Holland, 1.23; in Belgium,
.fil; in Poitugal, .72 ; in Saxony, 1.08.
" Attbisrateof increasseof population, augmented by the
excess of births over deaths alone, we find, availing our-
selves of the elaborate tables of Louis Schade, Esq., that
wn should have had in this country, in 1850, 7,555,423 in-
habitants, instead of 19,987,573—a diffeience of 12,432,150.
So that, while in the increase of population in tlps*country
since 1790 the elements of excess of births over deaths have
given hut 4,323,493 of population, the increase by and
through immigration has given over twelve millions—the
proportion being one1 of national increase to three of increase
through importation of population.
" It we may measure the value of inhabitants to a State
by the worth of the monuments which industry leaves on
the face of the earth, having meanwmletakeufrom the earth
Us dady food, we may reckon from these data that immigra-
tion has given to us three fourths of the farm improvements,
thiee fourths of the cities and towns built, three fourths of
the miles of rail road constructed, throughout the length and
breadth of the land.
" And it will not be forgotten that the kind of population
which immigration has brought us has been mainly of the
proletaiy or productive class. It is the foreigners who have
done the work. The natives, bom on the soil, have con-
sidered themselves the class—wait consumere fruges—born
to consume the fruits of the soil. Compute, for instance,
the actual creating force of the New England and other na-
tive emigration to the West, and omit the consideration of
its capacity in organffcing labor, and I think we shall find
that the average amount of real productive toil of each na-
tive-born western man, after deducting from his time what
the exigencies of horse-racing, whisky-drinkmg, attending;
agricultural fairs, and speculating m town lots have required
of him, his actual productive toil has not exceeded six hours
in each week. But the foreign emigrant ha* had no such
license granted to him. The necessities of his daily life have
required an aggregate of fifty hours' labor per week, spent
in adorning and enriching the earth, and m raising from its
bosom the ft nits to supply the consumption of the people.
II we may compute the worth of cach immigrant and
