2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
understood that they offer certain amendments,
it is not fair to announce to us, after the bill is
called up, that those amendments are withdrawn ? '•
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would !
state to the Senator from Maine that this amend- I
ment which the Senator from Missouri renews in
case it be withdrawn by the committee, is not tor I
an additional appropriation, butsimply to change j
a word in the clause, the appropriation remaining :
as it was before. !
Mr. FESSENDEN", 1 hope the amendment >
will not be made. 1 do-not know that the Senator j
from Missouri proposes to give any reasons for j
his suggestion. If he does, I should like to hear :
them, because I may wish to have the privilege |
of answering them. j
Mr. POLK. I do not propose to give any rea- :
son beyond this: that 1 do not want the bill to say I
that Mr. Holmes's life-boat shall be taken rather !
than anybody else's life-boat. Let ltbe the best j
life-boat. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state the reasons j
that influenced the majority of the committee, and
they were perfectly satisfactory to me. The pro- !
vision was moved in the House of Representatives
by a member from New Jersey. My attention
was attracted to his speech. 1 road it, and read
it carefully. It was a speech so perfectly satis-
factory to the Mouse of Representatives that this i
clause,as he proposed it, should be inserted, that :
it was inserted, I behove, withoutadmsion. The
arguments he gavi—they have now passed from
me—were satisfactory to me. The outline of it ;
was that it had been ascertained satisfactory by
everybody connected with this service, those not
interested at all in the boat, that this was the best 1
life-boat unquestionably, and the only one that
would answer the purpose. Not only that, but
we understood that the boat had been here; it had '
been under examination by the officers connected
with the Department, and they unanimously rec-
ommended it us the best for the purpose.
Now, the objection to inserting ''the best,*'
instead of" Holmes's," is, that the moment you
do it, experience has shown there will be a rush
on the Department by oilier people who have
other boats-, the matter will be delayed; there will
be representations and misiepresentations: it will
occasion a contest; and the, result mny he great
embarrassment to the Department, and also to
protract the tiling itself, so that the boats will not
dc obtained so soon as they ought to be, and the
question settled. This reasoning was satisfactory
to the committee; it was pnfoctly satisfactory to
the House of Representatives. I know nothing
about it except what 1 heard there. 1 hope the
Senate will disagree to the amendment pmposed
by the Semitoi fiom Missouri. It id a peculiar
case. As a general rule 1 would not agree to such
a provision; but if you open this matter to com- '
petition you will do injury to the service which
is of great importance on that shore. 1 am per-
fectly indifferent to it, except, as [ believe, the 1
pubheinterest would he much better subserved by
not making the amendment proposed by the. Sen-
ator from Missouri.
| Mr. FOLIC. The reasons the Senator oilers
'are not at ail satisfactory to my mind. If it ho
true that this boat is the best boat, theie will be
no difficulty about its being taken. I will ft ate the
objection 1 have to the provision. I suppose this
boat has something peculiar about it, some new
arrangement ;but if to-morrow another man should
offer a model deeidediy lienor, it could not he taken
if you confine the Department to this one boat.
In other words, we are not at liberty to have the
best, boat that may be offered under this clause,
for we must take Mr. Holmes's boat. I am not
willing to give any such advantage to Mr. Edolines
or any otlnu mdn tdual ciutvo. What is the dif-
ficulty, if the proper oiHcors have already determ-
ined that this is the best boat, in their adhering
to that d  teimination?
Mr. HOUSTON. A selection isto be made of
the best life-boat which can be obtained for secu-
rity of life. For my own part, without investi-
gating the subject, 1 am disposed to defer very
much to the opinion of the committee who have
had the matter before them, and I am ready to
sanction their judgment. I wish to burden the
Departments as little as possible with contracts.
They are overwhelmed with duties; they have
not had an opportunity to investigate the subject
so thoroughly as the committee. 1 would much
rather the selection was made by them, There is
no political influence operating on them. There
1 is no personal importunity. There is nopolitical
1 influence brought to bear to press the claims of
individuals, and warp the judgment of the head
of the Deportment! I have no idea of troubling
the Secretary with it, if it can be avoided. I defer
■ very much to the opinion of committees when
, they have matured a subject and thoioughly in-
: vestigated it; and I am prepared to vote upon the
judgment and finding of the committee in prefer-
! ence to leaving the matter open to competition,
i and the judgment of one single man controlled by
! the influences by which he may be surrounded.
I Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. In regard
| to this life-boat of Mr. Holmes, there is a very
I considerable difference of opinion, I find, existing
! amongst those persons who will be called upon to
! make use of it. I think it is but fair that those
i brave men upon the New Jeisey coast, who are
! in the habit of boarding ships when stranded and
i in danger, should at least have an opportunity of
) being consulted as to the best kind of boat for that
i purpose. I know myself, from having been upon
j the shore, that they have a perfect abhorrence of
1 the iron boat which has been furnished at very
great expense by the Government, and they pre-
, fer the cedar-built boat which they are in the habit
i of using every day of their lives* in going out to
; the fishing banks. 1 believe that is the best kind
of boat, and I do hope that you will leave the Sec-
1 retary of the Treasury at liberty to consult these
■ surfmon in icgard to the best boat to be used on
] the New .Teisey coast. I think it is very likely
i that the Holmes boat may be a very good boat.
She upsets very easily I believe, and she rights
1 very easily; but'these fishermen prefer a boat that
will not upset so easily. I hope that the word
: " Holmes5' will be stricken out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this objection is very
well taken. There can be no reason in the world
why the committee of the Senate, or the Senate
itself, should determine the paiticular boat to be
taken. This is a class of legislation that always
i leads to abuse, and is without responsibility. I
presume there is no gentleman on the committee
who knows anything more about the Holmes boat
than I do I do not suppose the honorable chair-
; man would know it if he was to see it to-morrow.
1 This action is based on representations made.
. We have not called all the boatmen here to de-
termine which is the best, but we get the repre-
sentations of an interested party with a patent.
■ Is not any executive officer of the Government a
1 better judge of what will be the best boat of all
the boats submitted to him than you and I, xir,
and all the Senatots who are befoie me > Nine
times out of ten it is a job, and nobody takes an
interest m it hut the man himself, who comes here
or gets somebody to make representations for his
, benefit to mislead gentlemen in Congress. I rec-
1 ollect that a few years ago we passed a law by
which certain patentees madeafortune,requiring
that every steamboat should have Francis's life-
boat, as if that was the only life-boat that would
1 answer the purpose, and when that was done they
charged what they pleased, and compelled the
steamboat owners to pay it. As properly stated
1 by the Senator from Missouri, you exclude com-
; petition if there should be a better boat.
I think, too, with the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, that the hardy men who go out to
save life m these boats, and use them, ought to
! be consulted to some extent, and it ought not to
be put on me to select for them. I admit I am
; totally incompetent to determine. Then why
•, should I determine it? 1 believe I am as compc-
■ tent as the Committee on Finance to do it. I be-
lieve they havo not examined the subject more
.! than I have. They may have had cx.parte rep-
i| reservations, but that is all they possibly could
; have. Are we to put this clause m without know-
ing anything about it ? We must trust to the Ex-
ecutive Departments, and if they abuse the trust
we shall have somebody to hold responsible. L>ut
, if we do it ourselves nobody is responsible; the job
;; is completed, the patentee makes money; butprob-
! ably life is sacrificed, and the object of Congress
" is defeated.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know one other
jj thing. If there is any gentleman here in favor of
! Holmes's life-boat, I ask him to tell mo whether
! there is a patent.
: Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt of it.
Mr. POLK. If there is, Senators can see at
once that it is a monopoly to this man, who, as
the Senator from Georgia says, can charge what
he pleases.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no knowledge of it, I
never heard of it before; but I have not the least
doubt that the only reason it is here is bccausc it
is patented.
Mr. POLK. I understand the Senator from
New Jersey to state that the men on the Jersey
coast, who are engaged in this business, do not
want to be confined to this life-boat.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. They have
never been consulted, and do not know anything
about Mr. Holmes's boat.
Mr. POLK. The judgment of such practical
men, at least to me, is the best criterion to be ap-
plied to such cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
it is patented or not; certainly it is not a very
large monopoly, for this is confined to twenty-
eight boats; but, as I stated before, I have not the
slightest feeling about this matter. I am surprised
at the remarks of the Senator from New Jersey,
because I understood from the statements made
in the other House, that this boat was universally
approved by the surfmen. This boat, itself, is
made of cedar. I understood that they did not
like the present boat, and did like this. I leave
him, howevei, to settle that matter with his col-
leagues and constituents. I only say, as I said
before, I do not care a sixpence, except in refer-
ence to the public service, whether it is taken or
not.
Mr. HUNTER. I am of the same opinion I
was originally, that Holmes's name ought to be
stricken out, and we ought to leave it to the De-
partment to select the best boat.
Mr. DAVIS. A few years ago we believed —
and I am rather inclined still to believe—that the
metallic life-boat was the best surf-boat. If we
were in error then, i think it is a very fair infer-
ence that we are likely to be in error now. Then
it was provided that the metallic life-boat should
be used upon steamboats. It seemed to be over-
looked when'it passed Congress, if that was a
patent, that it gave a monopoly to the patentee.
It was also probably not seen that he had not the
ability to furnish one of his life-boats for every
steamboat that was required, under the law, to
carry one. Here u is tiue the number is limited.
l)Ut I waive all questions, and suppose that this
is the best boat; let us grant that the committee
of the House of Representatives have ascertained
that Holmes's life-boat is the best boat for the
purpose; it does not follow that it will be the best
boat to-morrow. If it is the best boat to-day, it
is because something has been found now which
is better than that which we had two or three
years ago; and why shall we not have another in
the course of two or three years hence, better than
this ? Why may there not be a better to-day,
unknown to the committee, supposing this to be
i the best known to them at this time ? I think it
j wrong to insert the word "Holmes's;" I think
: it wrong to insert the woid " best;" and, but for
j the fact that no one had alluded to that, I should
I not have risen at all. The insertion of the word
j " best," will give the party a right to claim of the
! Secretary of the Navy that he shall decide among
i all life-boats by some process which is considered
: best, and that he shall award the contract to the
j man who brings that boat. As a measure of
| economy, I would not subject the Department to
. the necessity of being driven to the purchase from
| some one who may lie able to establish even that;
j but striking out the name of the patentee, and
, striking out the adjective, " best;" to give the
' appropriation to buy life-boats, will, I suppose,
; answer the purpose.
! As for myself, I am against this whole thing.
! I do not believe it is part of the duty of the Gov-
! eminent to establish stations along the coast, any
i more than it is a part of the duty of the Govern-
; ment to follow particular stage routes and pick up
; passengers crippled by the upsetting of the stage,
j It is a subject over which I do not think the Gen-
| eral Government ever had legitimate charge. Men
j incur hazards who go to sea. They incur hazards
| if they go on railroads or stage coaches, or upon
j a river; and the hazards of navigating some of our
j western rivers are probably as great as those of
i navigating the coast of Jersey. Why, then, shall
' you not establish stations all along those rivers to
