.. ml Uiv Iijuituo wi till: In:v|>nj uil'IJ imi nsrry also 15 de-
stroyed; tor, i n a warm climate, no man will labor lor him-
self who can make another Jaiior lor lum. This is so true
that ot' the proptietors of slaves a very small propoition in-
deed are ever seen to labor. And can the liberties of a
nation lie thought secuie when we have removed theironly
firm basis—a conviction 111 tlic ininrl., of the people that
these liberties are the gift of God ?— tliat they are not to
be violated but with his wrath? Indeed, I tremble !oi my
countiy, when i reflect that God is just; that Ins justice
cannot sleep forever; that, considering nutnbeis, nature,
and natural means only, a revolution of the wheel of for-
tune, an exchange of situation, is anions possible events;
that it may become probable by supernatural interference.'
Tlie Almighty has 110 attribute which can take side with us
in such a contest."
So says Mr. Jefferson; and yet the Supreme
Court say that it was unquestioned, and nobody
thought of questioning it at the time of the Amer-
ican Revolution, and of the adoption of the Federal
Constitution. These Notes of Jefferson on Vir-
ginia, by the way, were first published, I think,
in 1780 or 1782, during the Revolution, and before
the adoption of the Federal Constitution. The
record does not stop there. Mr. Jefferson was not
the only man who entertained these sentiments
Oil this subject at that time and subsequently. I
will read an extiact from the preamble of the act
?*" 'he Legislature of Pennsylvania which abol-
ished slavery in 1780, and you will find that that
is not "genu" oil the subject. The Legislature
of Pennsylvania, in 1780, declare:
l,,l,-..'}.!!';,!V11!;:rCa,sthc °f <l>ose persons who have
Heretofore been denominated negro and mulatto slaves lias
sions m the convention had been listened to, after
the suggestions of Colonel Mason, of Virginia,
of Madison, and of other men of that day, who
thought slavery ought not to be countenanced and
allowed in the Constitution, there came up the
clause fixing the enumeration that was to be made
to establish the ratio on which Representatives
were to be chosen. As it read then, it fixed the
number, and said, " including those bound to ser-
vitude." You will find on page 1569 of the third
volume of the Madison Papers, that Mr. Ran-
dolph, of Virginia, moved to strike out the word
" servitude,' and insert " service" in its stead;
and it was done unanimously, said Mr. Madison,
because the word " servitude" implied the con-
dition of slaves, and " service" described the ob-
ligations of free persons. So you find that those
held to service are described in the Constitution,
because the convention unanimously thought that
did not describe the condition of slavery; and,
therefore, they put " service" instead-of " servi-
tude." These were the opinions of some of the
men who were in the convention that framed the
Constitution.
At the risk of being tedious, for I am not here
to-day to make myself popular, but instructive,
[laughter,] I will read a somewhat lengthy ex-
tract from another southern author. I would send
it to the Secretary to read, but I am afraid he
would not emphasize it properly, [laughter,] and
I will rend it myself. 1 read from Jefferson's
Notes on Virginia, in wliicli he treats on slavery.
It is a very curious coincidence, that when Jef-
ferson comes to speak of slavery, he speaks of it
in the same relation that Colonel Mason did; and
the whole article on slavery is put in under the
head of" manners." I am notgoing to be drawn
off into that field. Mr. Jefferson savs:
" 1 here must, doubtless, be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people, piodueed by the existence of shi-
very among us. The whole eommeiee between master and
slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisteious passions,
the most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrad-
ing submissions on the otller. Our children „ee this, and
learn to imitate it; for man is an imitative mutual. Tin*
quality is the germ of all education in him. From Ins cradle
to his grave he is learning to do what lie sees others do. if
a parent could find no motive either in Ins plulanthiopy or
his self-love for restraining the mtempeianee of passion
towards his slave, it should always be n sufficient one that
his child was present. liutgoneially it is not sufficient The
parent storms; the child looks on; catches the lineaments of
wrath; puts on the same airs in the circle of smallei slaves •
gives a loose rein to his worstof passions; and thus nursed!
educated, and daily ewrcised in tyranny, cannot but be
stamped by it, with odious peculiarities. The man must
be a prodigy who can retain his manneis and moials uiide-
praved by such circumstances. And with what execration
should the statesman be loaded, who, permitting one half
the citizens to trample on the rights of the other, transforms
those into despots, and these into enemies, destroys the
morals of the one part, and the amor patrae of the other.
For, if a slave can have a country m tins world, it must lie
any other in preference to that in which lie is born to live
and labor (or another ; in which ho must lock up the facul-
ties of Ins nature, contiibute as far as depends on his indi-
vidual endeavors to the evanishment of the human race, or
entail his own miseiable condition on the endless genera-
tions proceeding from him.
" With the morals of the people their industry also is de-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
been attended with circumstances which not only deprived
them of the common blessing they were by nature entitled
to, but has cast them into the deepest afflictions, bv an un-
natural separation and sale of husband and wife ftom each
other and from their children ; an injury, the greatness of
winch can only be conceived by supposing that we were in
the .same unhappy case. In justice, therefore, to persons
so unhappily cueum^anced, and who, having no pro?pect
before them wherein they may rest their sorrows and their
hopes,have no reasonablemducementtorendertheservice
to society which they otherwise might, and also in grateful
commemoration of our own happy deliverance from that
state ofunconditional submission to which we were doomed
by the tyranny of Britain : Be it enacted, That no child here-
after born shall be a slave," &c.
Patrick Henry, in a letter to Robert Pleasants,
dated January IB, 1773, says:
"I believe a time will come, when an opportunity will be
offered to aboh&hthis lamentable evil. Everything wc can
do, is to improve it, if it happens m our day; if not, let as
transm it to our descendants, together with our slaves, a pity
tor their unhappy lot, and our abhorrence for slavery. If we
cannot reduce, this wished-for reformation to practice, let us
treai the unhappy victims with lenity. It is the furthermo-t
advance we can make towards justice; it is a debt we owe
to the puiity or' our religion, to show that it is at variance
with that law which warrants slavery. I know not where
to stop. I could say many things 011 the subject, a senous
view of which gives a gloomy perspective to future times."'
Again, John Jay—(of whom Webster said that
when the ermine fell on him it touched nothing
less pure than itself,) whose name and whose prin-
ciples liveto-day, in the second and third genera-
tions, son and grandson, and, I believe, even to the
fourth also, maintaining, in their purity, the same
principles which illustrated the life of their illus-
trious ancestor; individuals, whom it is my pride
to number amongst my personal and dearest
friends—said:
" The State of New York is larely out of my mind or
~arr';uu^ ' am often disposed to write much respecting its
affairs; but I have so little information as to its present po-
litical objects and operations, that I am afraid to attempt it.
All excellent law might be made out of the Pennsylvania
one, (or the gradual abolition of slavery. Till America comes
into tins measure, her prayers to Heaven will be impious,
■this is a strong expiession, but it is just."
John Jay said, in 1789, that until America comes
into this measure for the abolition of Slavery, she
cannot in the penitence of her stricken soul look
up to Heaven and say, "Our Father," without
being guilty of impiety. Such was the opinion of
John Jay.
The record docs not stop there. William
Pinckney, of Maryland, in 1789, the very year
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution, when
the Supreme Court say there was such a perfect
Dead sea in the public heart and public morals on
this subject, in a speech m the Maryland House
of Delegates, said:
" Sir, iniquitous and most dishonorable to Maryland is
that (heaiy system ol partial bondages which hei laws have
hitherto supported with a solicitude worthy of a better ob-
ject, and her citizens by their practice countenanced.
" Sounded in a disgraeeiul traffic, to which tile parent
eouutiy lent her fosteimg aid, from motives of lnteiest, but
which even she would have disdained to eiieomape. had
England been the destined mart ot such inhuman merchan-
dise, ils eoiitimuice is as shameful as its origin.
" Wherefoie should wo confine the edge^of censure to
our ancestors, or those from whom they pmeliased - Are
not wc equally utility? They strewed mound the seeds of
slavery; we. cherish and sustain the fnowtli. They intro-
duced the system; wc enlaige, invigoiato, and confirm it."
I shall not detain the Senate longer by readin0*
from the records and from our history what were
the opinions of the men of that day; and yet this
Supreme Court have solemnly dccided all tins
history out of being; have judicially declared—
no, sir, not judicially, this was politically. They
have decided that slavery and the slave trade, in
the very day and time that Pinckney, and Jay, and
Jefferson, and Madison, and ail the great men
who illustrate and adorn and embellish our his-
tory, were pouring fourth imprecations and de-
nunciations against the system, was so unques-
tioned and unquestionable that nobody thought of
questioning it. The Supreme Court go further 
1 could forgive them almost anything else and,
as I understand it, they heap reproach oil ourrev-
olutionary history and our revolutionary men.
The Chief Justice, speaking of the Declaration of
Independence, says:
Ci It then pioceeds to say: i Wc hold the?e truths to be
self-evident: that all men aie created equal; that they are
endowed by (heir Creator with ceitani inalienable lights:
tuat among them is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness; that to secure those rights, governments are insti-
tuted, dc'iiving their just powers fiom the consent of the
governed >
i lie general words above Quoted would tn em-
brace the whole human family; and if the> were u<od m
a similar ni^tniment at tins day would be m) understood,
but it is too clear for dispute, that the enslaved Alrican iace
January 20,
were not intended to be included, and formed no part of the
people who framed and adopted this declaration."
Sir, the men who framed the Declaration of In-
dependence; the men who fought the battles of
liberty; and the men who wrote our Constitution
understood the meaning of language quite as well
as the Supreme Court, and if I were put on oath
I should say a little better. They knew the cir-
cumstances in which they were placed; they knew
the crisis in which they were ealied to live and to
act; they knew that the experiment which had
been made from the beginning of time up to I hat
day, of free government, had been a failure; they
knew that every effort and every attempt that op-
pressed man had made had failed; and they felt
that to them, at that time, and at that day, was
committed, by the Arbiter of national destiny, tho
great question to solve for themselves, for then-
posterity, for all coming time, the great problem
whether man was capable of free government.
They went into that contest fully understandin°-
thc character of the strife by which their positiou
was to be maintained; fully sensible of the char-
acter of the contest upon which they had entered.
They went into it, as has been well said oiianother
occasion, poor in every thing but faith and courage.
They were without arms, without wealth, without
even a name amongst the nations of the earth, rebel
piovinces; but they were strong in faith, strong
in hope, strong in patriotic impulse, and strong in
their reliance on tho Most High; and they went,
taking their lives, their fortunes, and their honors
in their hand. They threw themselves into the
world's Thermopylae of that day, and they declared
that they licld certain great truths to be self-evi-
dent, and that among these truths was, that all
men were entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness. Why? Not because it was written
in the musty folios of speculating* philosophers;
not because it was found in the writings of patriots
ofother days; not because their fathers had vindi-
cated on the field of battle their right to be free; not
because the old British Commoners had brought
King Charles to the block; not because their old
Puritan ancestry, on the battle-fields of Naseby
and of Marstou Moor, had written in their own
blood, on their own country's soil, their determ-
ination to be free. No, sir, none of all these; but
they said that man was entitled to be free, because
i he was endowed by his Creator with that ii«-ht.
They stopped nothing short of the throne of Eter-
nity. They ignored all human reasons, all human
platforms, and all human authority, and with
unclouded eye fixed their gaze upon the eternal
throne, and laid the foundation of the institutions
which they were to build upon the eternal justice
of God. J
That, sir, is what the revolutionary fathers did;
and when the contest was over, when the dust and'
the blood of battle had disappeared, and victory
stood upon the flagstaff of their banner, these old
men issued^a declaration to the world. It was
issued in 1783, the very year the war was over.
" Let it be remembered," say thev, " finally, that
it has ever been the pride and boast of America
that the rights for which she contended were tho
rights of human nature." They contended for
no class, no condition. They contended for hu-
manity. No matter, in the language of the Irish
orator, what complexion, incompatible with lib-
erty,an Indian or an African sun may fiave burned
upon htm, when lie stands erect m the image of
his Maker, a man, then say the fathers of the
Revolution," There stands one for whom wc have
fought; tnere stands a man who was involved in
the great issues which led to the revolutionary
war, and which we have vindicated, with our
; blood." They continue further:
i " ITjustico, £ood faith, honor, platitude, and all the other
, Quamics\vniciic()n0bk-the character or a'nation and Uillill
| the entHoi government, be the finite of our establishments ;
i the eau-se ot liberty will acquue a dignity and luster which
it lias never yet enjoyed, and an example will be set which
, cannot but have the most favorable influence on the rights
; ot mankind."
i There is the idea; true to their principles, true
to the avowals of pubhe sentiment, with which
they went into that contest. Peace came in 1783;
and in 1784, Thomas Jefferson, the immortal
author of that immortal Declaration, began his
labors in the Continental Congress, moving that
all the territory we then owned, and all the terri-
tory that we might thereafter acquire, should be
forever free from what he considered the contam-
inating and blighting influences of human slavery.
