1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. PUGH. I think there was ,no major at
that station. At least I have no recollection of
any such officer. Now, I say, if you raise only
two regiments of volunteers for this service, you
will never employ them as entire regiments, and
you might just as well avoid the controversy. If
Kentucky has offered her ten companies, 1 see
no reason why the President should not take five
of them, or three of them, and take three from
Missouri—I presume Missouri is forward, as
usual, offering her troops—and two or three from
Arkansas; for I have no doubt Arkansas is as
anxious to send her troops forward as any other
State. Myfriend may not think that is the case
because they want any particular employment
from the Government, for not one of them will
ever be paidfor the trouble of going, or anything
like it. They lose money in every sense. I do
not know what it is that possesses these people
who wanttogo, unless it be, as the Senator from
Pennsylvania said, that there is a natural unso-
phisticated love of fight in the American citizen.
He will go, and wants to go; not because he wants
to be paid for it, for he will never get any pay
comparable to his services.
As far as delay is? concerned, I will say to the
Senator from Arkansas, that if he will have the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia recon-
sidered, I shall withdraw my motion with great
pleasure. If we can defeat that amendment, and
throw off those other amendments, we can have
the House bill passed; but if we are to have the
bill amended and sent back to the House, we
might as well perfect it. You will have jealousy
and trouble and controversy growing out of the
fact that, of two regiments you take them all from
two States; and there will be just as much con-
troversy if the President were to take one of them
from my State as from the State of Kentucky.
You had better avoid the controversy, i do not
care anything more about it than that. It is per-
fectly immaterial to me what disposition the Sen-
ate make of it..
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I took notes
of the remarks of the Senator from Ohio; but I
know very well that if we go into this matter it
will be endless, and I believe I shall not distin-
guish myself by rendering any sub ject that I take
hold of one of that character. I shall therefore,
although the Senator could easily be answered in
regard to the points objectionable to myself, make
no reply to his remarks, further than to say as to
the ments of the bill, which I desire sincerely to
see passed to-day, that if the Senator's amend-
ment be adopted, it does disjoint the bill and
abandon the volunteer system; it does throw us
upon the conflicting lawn of the different States.
Unit result is inevitable, or we are to have the
volunteer troops of the different States carried
into the field,and commanded by regular officers
who have no sympathy with them, and will meet
with resistance at almost every step from each
company, private, and company officer. 1 believe
it will be lamentable to bring them into the service
in that shape. I think the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, however good his intentions in
regard to it are, is not founded m wisdom, and is
destructive of the bill.
As the opinion of the Seriate has been given in
favor of the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, by a decided majority, 1 shall not move to
reconsidcr it unless the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Ohio be adopted. If that prevails, I shall
move to reconsider the vote adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, hoping that
those who insert the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio into the bill, will, themselves, after-
wards move to reconsider it, and relieve us from
that which must destroy the principle on which
the bill was originally framed in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. PUGH. Why not move now to recon-
sider the vote adopting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Virginia? Do that, and I shall with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not make
the motion because I do not believe, from the
expressions which I have heard from Senators
around me, that the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio has the least chance of being adopted.
I do not wish to ask the Senate to reconsider an
amendment which they have already adopted re-
stricting us to two regiments, in the face of their
last vote without anything to present to them to
show the necessity for such action. I will await
the action of the Senate before moving that recon-
sideration , and I shall not move it unless the Sen-
ator's amendment be adopted.
I pass by the remarks of the Senator, declining
to take up those points which are matters of con-
sideration between him and myself, and not mat-
ters that really affect, the merits of the bill before
us, because it is unnecessary to go into that line
of discussion, and it is easy to make it of an un-
pleasant character; and I do not wish to contribute
to make it that. I hope we shall succeed in ob-
taining a vote upon tire passage of the bill in some
shape to-day, and certainly when it is passed, it
should be a measure having unity within itself,
and a power of organization which it will not
have if the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. It was obvious that this bill
must of necessity go back to the House of Rep-
resentatives; for as it came here, even m regard to
the mounted regiment for Texas, it did not leave
it to the discretion of the President to raise that
regiment, but required him to raise it whether he
should think it necessary or not. I presume that
on consideration there are few persons here who
would desire such a regiment to be raised if the
Presidentshould not think itnecessary. I thought
that as the bill had to go back to the House of
Representatives, it would be better to send it back
in the shape in which we could best present our-
selves to the country in support of it. I do not
ace, however, why reducing the number of regi-
ments from five to three, should create any neces-
sity for the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
if it did not exist before. If you raise five regi-
ments, you cannot assign one to each State that
will probably apply; nor do I think that that is
a legitimate consideration in regard to such a bill
as this, to distribute the patronage to result from
raising the regiments amongst the different States.
The President ought to select them where he can
get the best troops, where it will be best for the
public service,and there is no more necessity for
distributing them m companies amongst the dif-
ferent States when you raise two regiments, than
when you raise four or five. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
will not be adopted. There is force in the objec-
tion which the Senator from Arkansas has urged,
it would destroy the principle of the bill, and
might createobstacles in the House of Represent-
atives. As it now stands, its rejection will not
delay the bill a minute. I presume it is consid-
ered necessary by almost every one here to strike
out that provision requiring the President to raise
the regiments whether he considers it necessary
or not; and theicfore we must amend the bill in
that respect. Nor do I believe that, in point of
fact, my amendment will delay it much. If the
House of Representatives insist upon the five
regiments, I imagine that the bill will pass in that
shape without controversy. I think, therefore,
no delay can be produced by adhering to the
amendment which the Senate has adopted on my
motion, and I hope they will adhere to it. 1 be-
lieve that if a volunteer force of three regiments
be enough—and I think they will be found to be
sufficient—they will be used probably on the
frontiers to defend the country against the Indi-
ans. Under that belief, I hope the Senate will
adhere to the amendment already adopted, and
vote down that proposed by the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HOUSTON". I have a very few words to
say on this subject, and I shall endeavor to con-
fine myself to the suggestions contained in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio. Great as
is my respect for the intelligence and experience
of that gentleman, I cannot concur with him in
opinion m this matter. If two regiments are to
be raised, besides the regiment of Texas rangers,
you cannot apportion a company to each State in
the Union, for there would be but twenty com-
panies for thirty-one States. All cannot be grati-
fied. As to the distribution of patronage, I look
upon it as a trifling consideration on an occasion
of this kind.
But, sir, if you desire to secure efficiency and
expedition, I think the volunteers should be raised
in regiments, and not in companies. If you take
them in single companies from different States it
will require some length of time to organize them,
and to get them prepared to march to the fron-
tier. If, however, regiments are detailed from
States, such as the Executive may think most
proper, they can be forthwith at the point desig-
nated, and get into service without any delay
whatever; they will, in the progressof the march,
have assimilated themselves to each other; the
men will have become acquainted with their offi-
cers; they will have officers of their own selec-
tion in whom they have confidence; and they will
be prepared immediately for prompt and efficient
action. If, however, you select single companies
from different States, discord will arise; they will
be designated as company A, from such a place,
and company B, from such another place, and
they will not act harmoniously. Take a whole
regiment from one State, and all its companies
will feel as members of a family; they will be
homogeneous in their character; there will be no
dissimilarity in their feelings or their objects.
It is for this reason that I desire to see the re-
giments taken each from a State, with the power
to select their own officers. If, a% the Senator
from Ohio supposes, they will be detailed in small
divisions for various purposes, it is most import-
ant that they should have officers of their own se-
lection; that the field officers should not be stran-
gers to them, but should be acquainted with the
capacity and disposition of the various subordi-
nate officers in their regiments, that they may
make suitable details for special purposes, and
thereby accomplish more efficient service than
they could do without this knowledge. I am de-
cidedly of opinion that it is best to select regi-
ments from States. I do not say this because I
expect any to be taken from the State in which I
reside, nor would I care to have any taken from
there; but I am satisfied that this matter ought to
be left discretionary with the President to accept
the services of volunteers in regiments, so as to
give the greatest facility to the action that is ex-
pected to be taken under the provisions of this
bill. I shall vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, satisfied that there is no sub-
stantial reason for its adoption, and I can see
many impediments to the prosecution of the cam-
paign if it should be adopted. It will produce
delays, discords, dissimilarity of character, and
want of capacity in the commanding officers to
make the details that might be requisite for spe-
cial services.
Mr. PUGH. As the friends of the volunteers,
as well as the friends of the regulars, appear to
be opposed to my amendment, and I have put in
sufficient protest and warning to guard myself
against the consequences, I shall ask leave of the
Senate to withdraw it; and when the bill comes
out of committee, I shall demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Senator may withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for a separate vote on con-
curring in the amendment offered by the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the other amendments
will be concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection, the Chair will state the question on all
the amendments except the one alluded to,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to inquire
of my friend from Georgia whether the amend-
ments are of an essential character, and neces-
sary to the operation of the bill? If they are not
essential, I submit to him, as one of the patrons
of this measure, whether we had not better waive
these amendments altogether, and take the bill as
it comes from the House of Representatives ?
Mr. IVERSON. I will respond to the Senator
from Kentucky by saying that there are some
amendments which I could not consent to waive,
and especially that one which relates to the ap-
pointment of quartermasters and commissaries.
The original bill gives the appointment of quar-
termasters and commissaries to the regiments
themselves. The Secretary of "War I know is
decidedly opposed to any such provision, and so
am I, and so are the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. That is an essential amendment.
Mr. KING. On some of the amendments the
committee were unanimous.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But are they necessary ?
