392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess
Right of Suffrage—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
descendants ofimmigrants, on the valuation ofslavc labor—
that is, counting Caucasian blood as worth as much a&Ettn-
opic blood, and'assutning the value of each woman and
child at $400, the aggregate cash value of immigration since
1790, and its fruits, will he found to be $4,972,860,000, or
nearlyfive thousand millions of dollars. Another fact which
shou& sot solong have escaped the attention and comment
of commercial statists, is the enormous amount of com
which has been brought into this country by foreign eini-
A letter was fyere read from John A. Kennedy,
Esq., superintendent at the Castle Garden emi-
grant depot, showing by a care'ful and systema-
tized inquiry, extending over a period of seven-
teen months, that the amount of money—
"Almost entirely in com, brought on the average by each
emigrant, man, woman, and child, landing at tihit port, is
&100. Taking the total number of emigrants who have ar-
rived m this country at about three million, we may, with-
out hesitation, set down .f200,000,0n0 as the amount in com
winch they have brought to our shores. That amount it-
with us, hoarded, and in circulation among the people. Jf
it were not trespassing on the domain ot the societv' ' sec-
tion on finance,5 observed the speaker, it would bo curious
to calculate of what amount of paper currency, s o large a
sum of hpecie might be made the basis, at the rate, tor in -
stance,obseivcd in New England banks, of twenty dollar},
in bank notes to one dollar in com. Poitunat<*lv, however,
foi the business of the country, annually agiriavated and
periodically exploded by undue issues of bank pnperaud
bank credits, the gi eater part of this com leniain*. ho<udeci,
or in circulation among the people who wwly prefer to n ust
themselves, rather than banks of issue. It was the steady
flow of tins money brought by foieign emigrants, as well as
of money carried by native emigrants into the wee tern Stan-s
of the Union, at a rate perhaps of $100,000 per dity, which,
in sustained the enormou>ly inflated price* of rvety-
thing in the Weat, when otherwise they mu t have fallen
upon the fall of nearly one half in the price of breads-tutf-*,
•upon which alone the West lehes to pay debts and buy
manufactures."'
While Europe is utterly unable to support and
sustain the natural increase of her population;
while wars, pestilence, and famine, together with
emigration, seem necessary, m the order of Prov-
idence, to keep it within such limits as the pro-
ductions of the earth will sustain, wo are blessed
with a vast territory which our natural increase
of population cannot possibly occupy for centu-
ries to come.
The new States which have been admitted into
our system, have all been cleared, and, to a great
extent, cultivated by our emigrant population,
who, wending their course westward, literally cut
a track through our illimitable forests, dig our
canals, build up our railroads, and finally settle
down on the farms which their industry has won,
as free citizens of litis great Republic.
This movement is appreciated in the proper
quarter, and would be by every true-hearted
American, were it not for the baneful influence
of partisan bitterness. 1 cut from a well-known
journal the following paragraph which will show
the truth of this:
" RMIWKA WON TO Oni'AOAMlK CotWTY, WlSCONMN.—
YY'e tak« great pleasure in announcing that in teHigrner has
been received trom Holland that over one /ninth cd f tarn lies
will embark for Little < Unite and the adjacent eoiintn m
a tew week-*. There is abundance of good land in Ceutte,
Freedom, Kaiicauua and lluohanan, which can be pur-
chased at Irom two to live dollars per acre, with a ready
jnaikei alinoht at then doors. We welcome the Hollander*.
They are .i thrifty, industrious, and honest people, and make
excellent citizens. There is room for thousands upon thou-
sands ui Wisconsin."—jipjdeton Crescent.
But not only as cultivators of the soil do they
contribute to our national wealth, but in the build-
ing up of our great manufacturing establishments.
1 clip from the last number of Hunt's Magazine
the following paragraph;
" fn the Merchant*' Magazine of March, 1S.H, (vol. 30,
pp. ,) we published an article entitled 1 The Mineral
and other Resources of the We<t—Perry County, Indiana,'
by i<\ Y. Carlisle, tisq., of Indiana; in which a particular
aeeonnt wa> given of Terry county and of its largest town,
Caunehon, and it* condition and pio-jpeets as a manutac-
tuimg place. We are now informed by the Oauneiton Ga-
zetuMhat a colony of Swiss and Oeiman emigrants have
purchased a large tract of land adjoining O.innelton, and
are budding up a manufacturing city. They have now run-
ning one cotton mill at lull speed, with a capital of .$300,000.
The Gazette claims that this movement ha> the ceifain ele-
ments of success, and that the groat cotton manufacturing
district is to be on the coal fields of flic lower Ohio."
It is true that in some cases the industrious
German citizens retain their own language even
for some generations after they have settled
among us; but 1 have yet to learn that this class
of citizens in Pennsylvania who still speak the
tongue of their emigrant forefathers, are less pa-
triotic than those around them who belie and dis-
grace their immediate ancestors, by joining in
the shouts of fanaticism and bigotry. They also
publish newspapers in their own language, but
though generally unintelligible to us,Iventure to
say, that no paper circulating among our German
citizens advocates any treason or countenances
doctrines hostile to our Government. They love
this country, as their former rulers hate it. The
despots of Germany, the worthy sons of sires j
who sold their subjects to make English soldiers '
during our revolutionary war, are already oppo-
nents of emigration. These rulers, that loathe the
name of Republic, hire their agents to write ficti-
tious Ietteis from America, vilifying our institu-
tions: and these letters are paraded tin ought their
official papers; but this they evidently would not
be forced to do, could they but find in the Ger-
man papers here similar tirades on the country
and its Government. Where, then, the danger
from the large body of emigrants in the country >
They may be rendered dangerous by oppression
and illegal tyranny, I admit, and it would be a
proof of their unfitness for citizenship if they did
not entertain a high enough opinion of liberty to
peril everything for its preservation and enjoy-
ment.
But the annals of our country furnish no in-
stance of disturbance or rebellion against the con-
stituted authorities on the part of such citizens.
The whisky insurrection, Shay's rebellion;Burr's
tienson, Dorr's revolt, the native rebellion in 1844,
and that but lately in Kansas, were not instigated
by them. In none of these was the standard of
revolt raised by the emigrant or adopted citizen.
In none did they flock to it, or rally around it to
overthrow the acknowledged authorities. Where,
then, I ask j is the danger to our liberties, of which
we hear so much? The foreign element is scat-
tered and intermingled with the mass of the peo-
ple, animated with the same feeling, buoyed up
by the same hopes, dreading the same evils, as-
similated to us m a manner to excite the wonder
of nil observing travelers. The danger only ex- j
iiSIs in the brains of prejudiced men. In the ab- |
senoo of all proof of its existence; of any, even j
the slightest, evidence on which to base a fear; ;
we may deride it. [
There is, gentlemen, no danger to fear from j
emigration, were it even to increase fourfold; but
while there is a total absence of all proof of dan-
ger, of all possibility of injury from that source,
1 point to the unexampled prosperity and prog-
ress of the country, which has ever been more
rapid as emigration increased; and political econ-
omist,s may hereafter show how a commercial
crisis is almost certain to follow, if not immedi-
ately result from, a sudden falling in the tide of
immigration. For seventy years our laws have
welcomed the foreigner to our shores. For sev-
enty years we have trusted the emigrant with the
rights of freemen. Peace and plenty has reigned
m our land, no abuse of the privilege has affected
the Government; and yet gentlemen aie alarmed.
To use the quaint phrase of O'Connell, when re-
ferring to the many acts of the British Govern-
ment in Ireland, " the danger is, that the immi-
grant is suspected of being suspicious."
The cause of the emigrant citizen has thus been
eloquently defended by one of the proscribed
class, a man acknowledged to have but few supe-
riors in the country. Fie says:
u In point of loyalty to tins country and its institutions, I
shall not admit any inferiority of patuoti^m, m peisonal
companson with the tiuest patriots of the land. iJut how
has it been t The piopiaaime of your institutions was ex-
hibited in European sod They came here, u h true, for
their own mteic^ts, under the faith of what that programme
implied. They breathe the atmosphere ot tlio country,
which h heaven's own gift, not yours. They slake their
thirst at the -treams or'founfains that giMi fioin your val-
leys and mountain sides. They sometimes commit faults,
and even crime-!, and m such cases the majesty of the law
is thoioUL'Ulv vindicated in their regard. They cany your
palaces on their shoulders up to the very summit. They
excavate the intei na) channels of commerce from lake to
ocean:* They p.ws capacious needle-? rlnongh the base of
your mountains, and the -•team engine supplies the thread.
They sometimes faint by the wayside ot human hie, and
then become, like others, moio or ier^ a buiden on the pub-
he. They die; but before death they look, forwaid to the
privilege of having a giave. which will be a small entail-
ment of a teriitoiy that extends from the southern bound-
aries of Canada to the northern limits of Mcxico, and from
tiie Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. What more do they a?k?
Tiue it is, they have liberty of conscience, and after certain
preliminaries they are entitled to vote ; bat these were of
your own appointment, proclaimed and boasted of over the
woild long betoie their anivai,"
Do you repent of these appointments ? Has the
country become ashamed of its own magnam-
mous_acts ?
Thus far, I have considered immigration in it-
self. I have shown it to be a positive gam, and
an advantage to the country; with no drawback
sufficient to impair, to any considerable degree,
the good it confers; that it is attended with no
danger to our institutions; and that to divert it
elsewhere will only be to build up a rival Power
at our expense. But I am told that there is no
hostility to immigration; that our naturalization
laws, passed long since, should now be extended;
that there is not now as great necessity for immi-
gration as formerly, and that we should season-
ably and gradually begin to make the inducement
less. This sounds most reasonable, if any good
reason could be shown for it; but will gentlemen
tell me that the area of our domain is becoming
too small for our present population, or that busi-
ness, mechanically and commercially, is declining,
or that the depressed state of our financial system
is such as to terrify us in making too rapid strides
until we can again see our way clear? This argu-
ment is too fragile and unsound to stand the test
of inspection, or the foiesight of the practical
American. Extend the naturalization laws for
twenty-one years ! Butter, sir, that you prevent
immigration altogether, by enacting that foreign-
ers shall not be citizens at all, than to impose such
an insuperable barrier to the future condition of
those who seek your shores to become, like your-
selves, defenders of the country against the com-
mon enemy of free institutions. The adopted
citizen has generally and wisely supported the
Democratic party. I can conceive now a large
number of the Black Republican party, and those
particularly who represent the eastern States,aie
in favor of the extension of the naturalization
laws.
Mr. GILMAN. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman to what party he refers ?
Mr. KKLLY. I refer to the party to which
the gentleman belongs; and I remind him that in
the State of New Hampshire they have a re-
striction prohibiting foreign-born citizens from
voting.
Mr. GILMAN. And I desire to remind the
gentleman from New York, that when that very
proposition was submitted to the people of Kan-
sas it received its strongest support in the strong-
est Democratic town in the Territory.
Mr. KELLY. It would seem that the war
upon the foreign population of our country pro-
ceeds upon the hypothesis, that citizenship and
voting are synonymous terms, and that foreign
voting and Democracy seem to be inseparably
connected. Gentlemen forget that citizenship and
the right of suffrage are not necessarily united.
Women are citizens, but have no voice in our
elections; not even in our municipal elections for
officers who disburse the taxes which they have
to pay. The minor is a citizen, but has no vote
even for Federal officers in the several States.
By the Constitution of the United States, arti-
cle one,section two, " the electors [of Represen-
tatives] in each State shall have the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature."
By section three, " Senators are to be chosen
by the Legislature of each Slate." By section
four, " the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives shall
be prescribed by the Legislature thereof." By
article two, section one, which treats of the elec-
tion of President, it is enacted, " that each State
shall appoint, in such manner as the Legislature
may direct, a number of electors," &c. Hence
it will be observed that the right of voting for
Representative, Senator, and President, is not one
inherent in citizenship, but one to be conferred
by the Legislatures of the several States.
The Representatives from Indiana were chosen
by voters with whom citizenship, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, was not a neces-
sary qualification; and, on the other hand, the
member from Rhode Island saw many citizens
—adopted citizens—excluded from voting for him
by the laws of his State. This is not, therefore,
the place to alter the elective franchise of the sev-
eral States. The Federal Government gives cit-
izenship, and gives it wisely, after five years' pro-
