1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455-,
pick up people from boats which are snagged, or
persons who are crxpplod by explosions, by which
sometimes large numbers of lives are lost?
Mr. MALLORY. It is eminently proper to
strike out the word 44 Holmes's." This life-boat is
an improvement upon the ordinary metallic boat
—a veiy great improvement.
Mr. DAVIS, is ita metallic boat?
Mr. MALLORY. No; it is a cedar boat—an
improvement on the metallic boat. It requires
less force to propel it through the water. Life-
boats are required for various purposes; and for
some purposes it would be perhaps the best boat
wc now have; for others, it would be entirely use-
less; for example, on the deck of a ship as a
buoyant boat to float passengers off. It perhaps
has more power than any boat which has been
invented; but others will improve upon that. It
is a novel mode)—one that lias been thoroughly,
examined; and it is here. It possesses these qual-'
ities m a very eminent degree. But, as for the
power of pulling off to a sttanded ship against
the wind, (for the wind is always against the boat
or the ship would not bo there,) I contend it has
no such power. It would be perfectly impossible
for human nature to propel such a boat as the
Holmes boat from the shore to a stranded ship,
unless you haul it by a line.
Apart Aom the general impropriety of legislat-
ing for a particular man, wc know that these things
are undergoing improvement every hour; and if
you leave this open to all enterprising young men
engaged m these researches, you will hold out here
a bonus to them to imptovc on this very boat, and
you may get a better one; you will hold out an
incentive to the inventor himself to improve on
the boat ho has already exhibited.
Now, in response to the remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi, 1 will say that the metallic
boats are in many respects utter failures. For
example, on the part of the coast which I repre-
sent—some two hundred and fifty miles—perhaps
more strandings of vessels occur, and more disas-
ters to ships, than on any o the i portion of the coast
of the United States. Two metallic boats have
been stationed there for the last ten years, and
they have never yet been used for any purpose
of wreck. It would be impossible; you cannot
put men enough m either of those boats to get
them off to a wreck in case of storm. A house
has been built for them, and theyaic thereat the
public expense; and when they have rotted out
two moie will be supplied, because ihe construct-
ors and patentees of these boats are always
around the Halls of Congress watching wheic
boats aic wanted for particular spots, and indu-
cing' these apptommtions. The provision m the
law as to metolhc boats originated with the in-
ventor, and not with the wants of commerce. The
only life-boat which, upon stormy coasts, is used
by practical wreckess when they go off to ships,
is" the smallest and lightest possible cedar boat
that can be built, not over ten or twelve leet long.
Only with a small body ot that kind can you ap-
proach a vessel against the wind. These boats
aie entirely useless unless for floating. With the
method of going oil to wrecks, as I undcistand it,
on the coavSt of New Jersey—that is, throwing
from the shore a shell over the ship, attached to
a line, by wlreh a hawser is hauled olf shore and
the boat haulrd off—Holmes's hfe-boat may be
the uvy best tor that particular niudaf op/1 audi;
but if you leave out the word " Holmes," he will
probably improve on this himself.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was, after line one hundred and thiiteeu, to
niseit:
F<u m.iKi'iir the surveys of the continued private Uud
eiruuw in Caliifitiii.i (he Muvcjor jipiiuhiI anthm-
i/,ed to p'..v -ii'cli sum a-? ho ukij d"ein t t:a-.oi>able, aeeotd-
ii,<i to the eiiCihn-iMiief^ connected with each ca-e, not ex-
ecedni^ at tite rate ot tvs eutv ti\ p du:!.«>> (o: each siuie of
tlia Ij.mieb'V ime- of any ekirn, and al-o for each hues as
juav h'- ma and maiked oi m.'a&uied. in oidei
lo connect tl.e nae- oi .-itch clana wall tho-u oi' the adja
cent public s.U'Ve)!\
Mr. BROI)l£IUCK. I ask the honorable chair-
man of the Finance Committee what this amend-
ment is for?
Mr. G-WJNT, I con answer the Senator by the
roadu'ir "fa letter from the Commissionrr of the
Cb-m-ijl Land Office, whose recommendation I
hohi In my hand, approved by the Secretary of
the Interior. I send it to the Secretary to be read.
The Secretary road, as follows:
Genital LAND OFFICE, April 13,18oS.
j; Sir: * * * The memorialists also think
' the present rates for the sutvev oi'"p:ivate land claims"
wholly insufficient, they representing that in the dischaigc
of their duties they arc frequently compelled to take testi-
mony, occupying time, whilst their expenses are accumu-
lating. They therefoie ask. in consideiauon of the reasons
thus aligned,that the pie->'cnt rates for surveying il private
laud claims" may be increased, and that they be paid for their
service as soon as the work has been approved by the sur-
veyor genet ai and theGeneial LundOfilcc, notwithstanding
a controversy may atis>e about the boundat ie<* designated by
those surveys, or a piotest entcied by an adverse claimant.
After a careful consideration ot tins question respecting the
smveys of" puvatc land claims," and in view of the diffi-
culties encountered m this bianeh of the surveying sei vice,
and the importance of seeming skillful and iaithful d"pu-
tie*, I am of opinion that the maximum of late allowed by
law should he increased, leaving it to the surveyor general
to adjust the compensation within that maximum to the
difficulties of the sinvcy; and, with youi approbation, I
recommend a relaxation of the i ule, so ,is to allow payment
when the woik is approved by the sin ve.\ or general, and he
wmds a certified account, without awaiting adjustment un-
joer an appeal oi piotest entered by an adveisc claimant.
hi icspoct to the nile of iSns oliiee (ieply herewith) for-
l ultH ig depntier. lioin teceivtug compensation from the party
inteiestod in the suivey, I hn\e to say that such practice is
deemed wholly incompatible with what the Government
icquires tiom all u<- offieeis in the discharge of their public
dut.es—Ireedom fiom bias and irom the temptations pre-
sented by the cxeie^e oi Hieh a pnvilege.
Ft om a care I ul consideiation of the reasons offered by the
deputies, in the memonal in favor of an increase of ihe puce
for surveying puvatc land claims in California, f nieline
to the opinion, and theieloie lecommend, that tlic present
late be increased to twenty-five dollars pet mile, which will
include a ma vununi i ate amply sufficient to afioi da generous
lemuneration to the deputies, including ail incidental ox-
peiws, and thus secure the semce ot the most skillful and
evponeneed deputies, an object m> much to be dcsiied m the
sinvey </pt ivatc land claims, and a idaxation of the rule as
topajmeut toi approved surveys when conflicts e\i-.t; as 1
he) tmibefoie suzge-ted.
I have the honor to be vour obedient seivant,
TltOiMAri A. IIFA'DUICKS,
(A>m?rti'.s20<ier.
lion. Jacob Thompson*, Serrctmy of the Interior.
Ijl'i'.vrt.mkxt of 'iiih Intpriok,
Washington. May 10. 18,">8.
Sir: I concur m the opinion- expies-ed m* jour teport
of the 13th ultimo, upon the menioual lioin certain deputy
stiiveyors in Calnoui.a. whirh w.is -aibmuted to this J)o-
paitment on the 3d ol Maieh. through Hon. W. M. Gwin.
* * * Veiy respecliuliv, vo:n obedient seivant,
.f. TflOML">S< )X. bca vtuiy.
To the Cmnmi^ioner <~>f the (General Land Office
Mr. BRODERICK. I am not aware that it is
more difficult to make surveys m California than
m any other State. I find that there is an appro-
priation of <£100,000 already m this bill, in dfis
clause: V
" Foi purveying tin; public lands and private land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to tiie sur-
vi-v ofdami-, and to be djsbiu^ed at the Kites prescribed by
law for the diffeient kinds oi woik. .^100,' OO."1
I would ask my colica^ae how that money is to
be expended; if it is to be given to the surveyor
general to expend without making any returns to
the General Land Office?
Mr. GW1N. Certainly not, It is for surveying
public lands and private land claims. An appro-
priation has been made m the same terms since
the fiiist time the sm voys commenced This is
the ordinary appropriation mode for evciv sur-
veyor general in every land district of the United
States tor surveying public lands and private land
chums, all of which is done under tin* instructions
of the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Office.
So far as this particular amendment is concerned,
1 will observe that such a provision w;is i< com-
mended by the fotmer suivuyur general and has
been recommended by the p'esont surveyor gen-
eral. It was biought by ml twtYiv the Senate, at
the last session, as soon as 1 took my sent here
The necessity for it an^s par'ly from the fact
that the expenses of fiitin'j; out a pat ty to sai vey
private land claims is gr'.at, perha[is, as it is to
run township lines and section hues. They ore
frequently detained a ae at while. They have to
run along meandeiin<r streams. If mints aie dis-
covered, it takes nddiuonaj tioub!e. TJicy liave
to take testimony as to the boundaries of private
land claims in some eases. It has been ascertained
that the prices allowed by the present law for
the public surveys m echmes deputies of capacity
ftom undertakingthisseiV'Ce; and heietofoie pri-
vate chiimants, in ordei to have their lands sepa-
rated from the public lands have ''eon sn the hahu
of naying a coinpensanon wjuei, wr.tild justify the
deputv" s«u-v<-yms in undeitrihin^ tb j suwey ot
those claims in fdJrion so tlnnr pay fiom Gov-
ernment. The result lias been dissatisfaction.
arising from m apprehension that deputy survey-
ors receiving: compensation from private owners
of lands might be biased so as to run lines in a
manner that might be prejudicial to the public in-
terest. It is considered better that there should
be sufficient compensation given by Congress to
prevent any suspicion from arising in the public
mind that deputy surveyors could be influenced
in these matters by any other consideration than,
their duty to the Government and to the people.
It has been the practice, from the time we ac-
quired territory in Louisiana up to this hour, to
survey the private land claims confirmed by the
Government, when the title is finally decided, and
the United States have always paid the expense
of such surveys, and not put it on the claimants.
The appropriation of $100,009 is to be used by the
surveyor general in surveying public lands and
private land claims in California. This amend-
ment does not increase the appropriation at all,
it merely directs the rate at which a portion of the
service may be paid for. Heretofore, until within
the last few years, the appropriation has been
$300,000.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am opposed to the ad-
ditional appropriation. I cannot see that it is
required. The surveyors in California are very
well paid. I never heard any complaint before
that they were not well paid. I have known sur-
veyors there to make a very large sum of money.
One surveyor, I recollect, made some $40,000 out
of seven months' work, undcra contract with the
former surveyor general, Mr. Hays. I hope this
additional appropriation will not be made.
Mr. G"WIN. This is asked for by every dep-
uty surveyor in California, by the surveyor gen-
eral, by the Commissioner of the Geneial Land
Office—who is veiy close about such matters—
and by the Suaetai y of the Interior. I am perfect-
ly satisfied that it will aid in sepniating the private
land claims from the public lands in California,
and therefore be beneficial. Hut for this,I should
nor have asked for it, because I do not want any-
thing appropriated for California that is not neces-
sary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was opposed to this
! amendment, as a member of the Committee on
| Finance, because I was not satisfied, from any
i evidence I saw, that it was expedient to put it in
I the bill; and since I find that the two Senators
! from Cahfoi ma disagree upon the subject, cer-
tainly there is additional giound to doubt its ex-
pediency. The Senat-3 will recollect that, at this
very session, we ha\e been called upon to pay
$£50,000 which the surveyor general of Califor-
nia had spent, without authority of law, over and
above the amount that was appiopriated by Con-
gress for surveys there. That item was put in
the deficiency bill, and we paid the money. The
argument was, that obligations had been incurred,
that the money was due to honest men, who had
performed the service, and that we must pay it.
Now what appears' The bill appropriates
§100,000 for this service generally in California.
The rate, as I understand, is fixed by law at fif-
teen dollars a mile, for good and bad as it comes,
hard and easy: and this has been found to be suf- 4
ficient. Theie has been no comnhunt, that I have ,
e\er heatd of, that it was not a Mwluient allow-
anc'. This proposition is to allow the surveyor
al of California, at
. fn \
us discietn.n, to pay
Iwrn*y-ii\( dollais a mile, instead ot f'lieen dol-
1 bus, for the.-•<; private suiveys lv-' !V ono can
see that, that being so, n abstnxMs j;iht so much
fiom the amount of the app! op. n.t .on for public
1 survt ys, and consequently from the sej vice to be
1 pesfoimed. Chi what is this toimdt d ' Repre-
1 sentruions of the deputy suivf<yt>is themselves
til.vt they ouirht to have more pay: and on these
■ representations and their peutioo, u;ged and
1 hocked up by ihe senior Senate,!- fnmi California,
the Commissioner of the Geneiai Land Office says
. in.* inclines to the opinion — th >f is h:s expression
—that the price had better b" enla|<l< d; and tnen
1 the Sccretniy of the lnt"nor adds a n-fkCi" that he
sustains the'inclmation of opinion of the Com-
missioner. Ofcourse, he knows nothn:tr about it,
1 excent ft om the statements of the Com missioner.
: That' being so, and the junioi Senator from Cal-
ifornia stating that there is no guau.r difficulty,
1 as a general rule, in runnim? line15 in '_ahfornia
! than^anyv/hcic ds.:, therj does no' seem to me
' to be any good reason for us, mi Ru-di loose dec-
i larations, to increase this allowance to nearly
[ double the usual amount for running out the pn*
