1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
think the interests of our country do not require
them, and the genius of our institutions is against
them. But this war is a war of the Administra-
tion ; and I desire that the responsibility of it shall
be on the Administration. I have no faith in their
ability to conduct it; and I believe that before a
year nas passed over it will be evident to every
citizen of the country that they have committed a
great blunder; that they have expended millions
upon millions of dollars in a fruitless endeavor to
give power to themselves. I wisK them to have
the responsibility of it, and not the party to which
I belong; and therefore I shall vote for this vol-
unteer bill.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, T had no idea
of saying a word that the Senator from New
Hampshire would consider, by implication or
otherwise, as reflecting upon his position. I have
no doubt of the purity of his motives in his ac-
tion upon this measure. My object was simply
to state the motives that governed me in the vote
I am about to give. The Administration came
here asking for five additional regiments. One of
the reasonsgiven by the Administration for a pcr-
manentincrease of the Army of the United States
to this extent, was the necessity of using troops
to put an end to the difficulties in the Territory
of Utah. The Administration has failed, signally
failed in both Houses of Congress, in the attempts
at an increase of the regular Army. It was re-
jected in the Senate by a large vote. The House
of Representatives rejected it, andpassed a bill to
raise five volunteer regiments, one'regiment to be
used on the frontier of the State of Texas, the ob-
ject being, as I understand, to take from the State
one regiment of the regular Army, and send it to
Utah. We have amended the bill to-day by re-
ducing the numberofregiments from five to three;
and I am told, though I do not know that it is
true, this is satisfactory to the Administration.
This bill provides for the use of these volunteers
in the Territory of Utah, or on the frontiers of
the country, in suppressing Indian hostilities. It
is a small matter of itself. I do not know what
will come of the Utah difficulty. There may be
trouble, and the Administration may need military
force. I take it that, in the present condition of
the public Treasury, the Administi-ation will not
summon volunteers to the field unless it needs
force. When the proposition is put in the shape
in which it now stands, I am unwilling to deny
to the Administration the authority to accept the
small force of two regiments of volunteers to aid,
if it deems the force necessary, in supporting the
laws of the country in the Territory of UtaTi. I
am willing to give the Administration this au-
thority, and I hope it will be followed up by a
proposition to send proper men to that Territory,
and endeavor, if possible, by peaceable means, to
make some arrangement to preserve the peace
there, or to remove the people out of the territory
of the United States. Without meaning to reflect
upon any one, or to question the motives of any
Senator, I shall give my vote for this bill, simply
as a measure connected with the Mormon diffi-
culty in the Territory of Utah.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a privileged question—
not to inteifere with the passage of this bill, but
to make a motion to reconsider the order by which
the Senate resolved that when they adjourned to-
day, it should be to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be entered.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to say a word in reply
to the Senator from New Hampshire, who made
an allusion to me a moment ago. I know that
the Senate is impatient to get clear of this bill, for
I learn, from an announcement just made from the
House of Representatives, that" Monsieur Ton-
son has come again;''Kansas has appeared again,
and, of course, we can do nothing until we get her ;
out. But, on this subject of the Army bill, m the ,
earlier part of the session, I took very decided and .
emphatic ground against the use of volunteers for
this service. I am opposed to them now. I think
no such troops ought to be sent into the field, and
especially, that none such should be sent to Utah.
I want peace in Utah. I have never believed there
•was any danger of war there, if we should only
have prudent counsels here, and a prudent exe-
cution of the law elsewhere. But our Republican
friends take the ground that they will have no in-
crease of the Army. Let Kansas bleed; let Utah
bleed; let the torch be lighted up all along the line
of the frontier; let women and children be indis-
criminately butchered: they will stand by,coldly
look on, and vote no increase of the Army. What
boots it to them that one hundred and fifty women
and children are murdered by the savages in cold
blood, and that the Executive Government comes
here and asks for additional troops toprotectyour
emigrants? What do they care, if law and order
and Constitution are all trampled under foot in
Utah ? They stand coldly by, and refuse to vote
any additional troops. What care they, if Kan-
sas bleeds at every pore ? They only make cap-
ital of it. I want order; I want a triumph of the
law and of the Constitution in Utah, in Kansas,
j and everywhere else; and when savages commit
! outrages upon our people, I want to see justice
following close upon their heels, chastising them
into obedience to the superior authority of this
Government.
It ought to be done through our regular Army.
I do not sympathize with that mawkish sym-
pathy which is afraid of a few thousand soldiers;
which is apprehensive that the addition of two
or three regiments to the standing force is going
to overthrow the liberty of the country. Why,
| sir, old Virginia, worn out and decrepit as she is,
I with the addition of Maryland, could take your
whole standing Army and drown them man by
man in the Potomac. Talk about a mere handful
of soldiers, sixteen or seventeen thousand men,
overturning liberty, when there are twenty-five
million freemen to defend it with their strong arms
and their brave and patriotic hearts ! It is non-
sense to talk in that way. It is underiating the
energy, the physical and mental energy of your
people, to indulge in and express any such appre-
hensions.
I am opposed to the volunteer service, because
I believe the regular service will go into the field
under better discipline, and be more likely to keep
the peace than volunteers. I want peace. I want
it with the Indians; I want it in Utah; I want it
on the frontier; I want it everywhere. It is be-
cause 1 believe that the regular Army is a peace
establishment, that it will get up no unnecessary
war, that I have gone for an increase of the reg-
ular Army; but when the Senator from New
Hampshire, theSenator from Massachusetts, and
other Senators on the Republican side get up here
and denounce the Administration, saying that
there is some secret purpose to increase the Army
for bad motives, then I can go with them no
longer. I supposed, when I went with them
against volunteers, that they were doing it hon-
estly and sincerely; that I was to have their sup-
poi t for some sort of increase of the regular Army
up to the standard of the actual public necessity;
but T find that, instead of that, they will go for
no increase. They will leave anarchy and con-
fusion to govern throughout all the land, and the
more of it the better. In that state of things, find-
, ing that the Opposition is determined to vote for
I no increase of the Army of any kind, I shall with-
j draw my former declaration, and vote for this bill,
j Mr. HOUSTON. Though I am anxious to
! vote upon this bill, and do not desire to detain the
I Senate, I tlunk it proper to allude to some re-
' marks which have been made. In the first place,
1 I regretted to hear an attempt, on the part of the
I Senator from New Hampshire, to reflect upon the
' President of the United States, as I thought, m an
unjust manner. I am not the advocate of the Pres-
1 ident of the United States; he does not expect
advocacy at my hands; but I am willing and anx-
■ ious to render justice to him. It will be found, I
I think, by reference to the annual message of the
! President of the United States, that he founded
; his recommendation for an increase of the Army
! upon the suggestion of the Secretary of War and
i the Commanding General, who, after a conference
; between themselves, had informed him that it was
! v^ry important that the regular force of the Uni-
j ted States should be increased. The President,
i adopting that recommendation, presented it to
| Congress upon the authority of those officers, and
i suggested, as a reason for the increase, the diffi-
| culties with Utah. It was natural that the Pres-
i ident of the United States, relying upon the heads
! of this branch of the Government, should have
| adopted a recommendation so plausible as that
i which was presented to his consideration, and
j refer it to this body. From all his antecedents,
! however, I am satisfied that he is not himself in
favor of an increase of the regular Armv to an
undue extent. Such has not been his course here-
tofore; nor do I believe it is his desire at this time,
but it seemed to be proper that he should submit
the question to Congress and ask for its action
when the matter was pressed, by the high offi-
cers to whom I have referred, upon his notice.
I think, then, the reflections cast upon him are
hardly as courteous as the characteristic gener-
osity of the Senator from New Hampshire would
have induced him to expect.
The Senator from Mississippi deprecates any
mawkish apprehension of the increase of the reg-
ular Army, and says that old Virginia could whip
it. Well, sir, I do not think it is necessary to
i make any calculation upon the subject, but to
prevent the possible occurrence of such an un-
pleasant event, I should regard the present estab-
lishment as all sufficient for the purposes of the
Government. There are now, I think some two
thousand two hundred regular troops in Utah;
but it will be recollected that our regular Army
amounts to fifteen thousand men, and if they be
withdrawn from points at which they are utterly
inefficient and unnecessary and concentrated in
Utah, they will be amply sufficient for the purpose
of subjugating the Mormons, if it be possible to
do so.
It is said, however, that the regular troops are
necessary for the protection ofthe frontier against
the Indians. I say they are as useless as so many
post oak trees upon the frontier. If you put vol-
unteers behind the trees, they wilj be more efii-
cientthan regulars. Upon the frontier, the regulars
are stationed in forts, and who ever heard of a fort
giving protection to a settlement, unless by af-
fording the inhabitants a place of refuge to which
they might fly. A few well mounted savages can
go between the forts, make a foray into the coun-
try, abstract cavalry from the citizens, and return
unmolested. It is useless for you to start infan-
| try to pursue them and reclaim the horses. They
j will march with great alacrity, it may be some
i fifteen miles a day; but the Indians make the
space of fifty or seventy miles a day; and how
long will it take for them at that rate to overtake
the foraging party of the Indians? They would
not succeed in it, and that is the history of ail the
efforts of the infantry. They are perfectly useless
for this service. What does the Indian care for
them? 1 have said, and I repeat, they onlypro-
voke hostilities on the part of the Indians. They
can pass by the white forts, and steal horses and
return in triumph to their tribes with their tro-
phies, and it is an achievement. When the wai-
rior returns, after having passed by the white
man's fort and his great warriors, he is swelled
into a man of importance,and perchance he brings
back a few scalps to exhibit at the war dance.
This provokes them. They can pass around the
foits if necessary, and entice a soldier away, and
he is as defenseless as you can imagine a creature
to be, and they scalp him and bear ofT his scalp
as a trophy, from within sight of the fortress.
This is the result of your system of defending the
frontier by stationing infantry in forts.
The stationing of your regulars on the frontiers
provokes the Indians to hostilities; and, unless
they are cavalry or dragoons, they are utterly
useless. They cannot he maintained, at any rea-
sonable expense,in a situation to give protection
to our frontiers. The system must be changed;
you never can give efficient protection to the fron-
tier with infantry stationed m forts. The Indian
must be a great simpleton who would go within
reach of the cannon or small arms of a fort, but
lie can pass by the fort and go one hundied or
two hundred miles into the interior, reach the set-
tlements, and commit depredations. You may
make a cordon of posts, but, unless you build a
rampart connecting one with another, you will
never prevent the Indians coming in between
them. Tosunpress Indian depredations.you must
' have mounted rangers, who will traverse the fron-
I tier and surprise the Indian when he does not ex-
| pect it—men adroit to such warfare; men capable
I of taking advantage of the Indians; men who have
j been inured to dexterity of this kind. You may
j withdrawal! your regular troops front Texas, and
j thereby add two thousand to your army in Utah,
! if you will give us a regiment of rangers. Give
| us that, and I will answer for the defense of our
! frontier. These are the efficient men.
| Sir, it is no mawkish fear of the regular Army
I that has ever induced me to go against its in-
