394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas and the Administration—Mr. Cragin
Ho. of Reps.
months, has so improved it, as to induce the peo-
ple of Kansas to forget its base origin, and to re-
ceive it as the virgin offspring of popular sover-
eignty. But if they will not accept the bribe as
the price of its adoption, apostatize from their
faith, and bow down and worship the Moloch of
slavery, they are to be punished, and doomed to
remain a Territory for an indefinite period of
time.
The bill which has passed Congress, and re-
ceived the approval of the President, speaks to the
people ofKansas in the following language: "It is
the desire of the present Democratic Administra-
tion that you come into the Union at this time,
provided you will come with the Lecompton constitu-
tion. We know that you loathe and abhor that
instrument. We know that you have protested
against it in the most earnest and solemn manner.
You claim, and we admit, that it is the workman-
ship of a minority, and that it is spotted all over
witn fraud. But feeling that it is the only chance
to make Kansas a slave State, we have used every
means in our power to force itupon you. In this
we have failed. We are still anxious that you
should take it; and as an inducement, we offer
you admission and public lands worth $5,000,000.
feut if you refuse this bribe, and will not become
a slave State, you shall be deemed unfit for admis-
sion, and must remain outof the Union until you
have a population nearly double that which you
now have, and lose the benefit of the public land,
much of which we have already advertised for
sale." In other words, "We admit that your
present population is sufficient for a slave State;
but it will require forty or fifty thousand more in-
habitants before you can even apply for admission
as a free State."
I will state the proposition contained in this
law, in the language of Colonel John W. Forney,
the gallant defender of the rights of the people.
In the Press of April 24, he says;
" By a carcful analysis of the report, it will be seen that
tile pieselH pruji'iMlion tenders a distinct liiibi; ot'laiye land
grants, as an inducement to the people of Kansas to accept
a form of government which they utterly loathe and aMmr.
It says, m so many words, to the people of Kansas: You
must accept this brihe, coupled iritk the hill of abomination s
which you have attain and again condemned, if you e'M to
come into the Union without delay; or, if yon are penerse
enough to svurn the lyrihe, you shall he deemed guilty of con-
tumacy. awl shall t eniain out ofthcUmon until it shall legally
appear that yon have a population large enough to entitle
you to elert a Representative on Ike ratio of representation
established hy dongrcss."
I can think of but one transaction in sacred or
profane history with which to compare tins. The
Bible records it as follows:
" The Devil takoth lam up into an exceedinghigh mount
Bin, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and
the Rlory of them :
"And sailh unto him, all these things will I give thee, if
thou wilt fall down mid workup me.
" Then saith Jesus unto him, ftct thee hence, Satan.''
The slave power, in this latter transaction, per-
sonates the Devil, and says to the people of Kan-
sas: "All these tilings will I give thee, if thou
wilt fall down and worship me."
The people of Kansas will make the same re-
ply—"Get thee hence, Satan."
It must be confessed that this proposition is an
adroit and cunning scheme. If the history of
the nohle men of Kansas did not furnish us an
ample guarantee of their fidelity and devotion to
principle, we might fear that they would falter in
this hour of trial and temptation. They have
suffered as no people ever suffered in this coun-
try since the formation of ourGovernment. For
wishing and honestly striving to make their fu-
ture home, and the home of their children and
children's children, a free State, many of them
have been murdered in cold blood. Their prop-
erty has been stolen and destroyed; their houses
burned down; and their wives and children ren-
dered houseless and homeless, for no other cause.
Because they have refused to sanction the gross-
est acts of usurpation and fraud, and abandon
their dearest rights as American citizens, the Pres-
ident of the United States, in imitation of George
the Third, has stigmatized them as " rebels "and
"enemies of their country." They have stood
through all these trials, and many more which no
pen has written or tongue told, the true and de-
voted champions of liberty. They have shown
an attachment to principle only equaled by the
men of the P«.evolulion. I will not doubt then-
fidelity. They will spurn the bribe, and bury the
Lecompton constitution so deep that neither earth-
quake nor flood can find it. They will demon-
strate to the world that principle and right are
more valuable than gold; and that money and pub-
lic lands have more power in Washington than
in Kansas.
This measure is hailed as a compromise, as an
offering of peace. It is no such thing. It is only
equaled by the Lecompton constitution itself, in
its mean, deceptive, and shuffling character. It
prolongs the controversy, and adds fuel to the fires
of agitation. Itaddsone more chapter to the his-
tory of the efforts of the Democratic party to make
Kansas a s'lave State. It is only a change of pol-
icy to attain the same end—the end which the last
and present Administrations have labored so hard
to reach—to wit: the enslavement of Kansas.
The first movement after the passage of the Ne-
braska bill, was one of violence and invasion from
an adjoining State. The ballot-box was wrested
from the rightful voters and converted into an en-
gine of oppression. Under this usurpation the
territorial government of Kansas started. Cruel
and unjust laws were enacted by the usurping Le-
gislature, all having for their object the establish-
ment of slavery. Ever since then, the struggle
has been between the people and the usurpers. The
minority have labored to retain their ill-gotten
power, and to fasten slavery upon the people.
The majority have labored to throw off the usurp-
ation and regain their natural and legal rights.
The former and present Administrations took
sides with the usurpers, against .the people, and
upheld them in their work of subjugation. When
the people refused assent to the odious laws passed
by their oppressors, the President quartered large
bodies of armed men in the Territory, for the pur-
pose of enforcing these laws and strengthening the
hands of the invaders.
When it was ascertained that the people would
not submit, a plan was devised for driving them
from the Territory. Their crops were destroyed;
their property stolen and burned; their lives were
threatened, and oftentimes taken. Thisgame fail-
ing, another was devised. It was known to the
leaders of the pro-slavery party that a large ma-
jority of the people were m favor of making Kan-
sas a free State. It would notdo to trust the elec-
tion of the next Legislature to honest, legal voters.
They resolved to try ballot-box stuffing and forged
returns. They thought it would be just as right
and legal for one man to manufacture five thou-
sand votes as for five thousand men to come all
the way from Missourito vote. It was less trouble
and much safer. They abandoned the Cincinnati
platform, and planted themselves on the Cincin-
nati Directory. They counted upon success; for
they supposed they had the game all in their own
hands; but Governor Walker and Secretary Stan-
ton were too honest men for the managers of this
diabolical game. They refused to receive are-
turn of one thousand six hundred votes from a
precinct which could not cast one hundred legal
voles. When these returns were rejected the
tables turned, and the people, to some extent,
regained their rights. For this act of justice and
right Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton,
so far as the public know, never received one
word of approval from the President or his Cab-
inet. It is evident that there was disapproval at
the White House. From the hour that it was
known that the Oxford and McGee returns had
been rejected, Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton were doomed men. The slave power de-
manded it,andthePresidentdared notrefuse. The
game of making Kansas a slave State was likely
to be blocked. This could not bo tolerated.
The bogus Lecompton convention next took
the matter in hand. They attemped, by assum-
ing legislative powers, to supersede the newly-
elected Legislature, and to deprive it of all power
to act. They sought, by their action, to remove
the government of the Territory, and to set up a
temporary government of their own, with John
Calhoun at its head.
The election had demonstrated that a large ma-
jority of the people were for making Kansas a
free State. The Lecompton convention resolved
to form a pro-slavery constitution, and put it in
force without the approval of the people, and
against their will. The game of invasion and
fraudulent voting and forged returns had not saved
them, and they now resolved upon the bold game
of making Kansas a slave State by their own ac-
tion, and the aid of a Democratic Congress. They
refused to submit the constitution to the people.
I know there was a pretended submission of the
slavery question; but every man of common sense
knows that the contrivance was such that Kan-
sas must be a slave State, whichever way the peo-
ple might vote. TJie submission was a cheat and
a swindle.
It was beyond dispute that there were at least
twelve thousand free-State voters in Kansas, to
less than three thousand pro-slavery. If, there-
fore, Kansas was to be made a slave State, a con-
stitution must be forccd upon the majority against
their will. The three thousand must in some way
rule the twelve thousand. This was the game of
Calhoun and his confederates in Kansas, Mis-
souri, and the whole South. That has been the
game in Washington for the first five months of
this session. There is not a man in this Hall
who does not know that the Lecompton constitu-
tion is condemned and repudiated by an over-
whelming majority of the^people of Kansas, and
that tlicy protest against admission under it.
Yet, sir, it has been pressed here with a pertinacity
worthy of the noblest cause.
The President has bent all his energies to put
Lecompton through, "naked," and thus trample
upon the first and dearest rights of the people,
lie 1ms begged and implored. He has shed tears
of grief over the representatives of the people's
rights, because they would not do this thing.
He has almost refused to be comforted; so anx-
ious is he to do the bidding of the slave power.
I trust he may live to thank God that bis efforts
failed; and to regret the unmerited abuse he has
heaped upon the people of Kansas. I hope,
moreover, that he may live to see this Govern-
ment brought back to its original policy and
purity, anil Freedom once more enthroned the
goddess of America.
Having failed to subdue the heroic people of
Kansas, by armed invaders at the ballot-box, and
a standing army in the Territory;and being con-
vinced that fraudulent votes and forged returns
will not make Kansas a slave State; and finding
that the Lecompton contrivance cannot be forced
through Congress, the game now is, as developed
by the conference bill, to combine bribery with
fraud;and,failing in that, to punish the people by
keeping them out of the Union for years to come.
The past history of the people of Kansas is a
glorious one, and I have no doubt the future will
be even more glorious. Kansas will be made a
free State in spite of usurpation, violence, fraud,
attempts at bribery, and threats of punishment.
She will be made a free State by the long-suffer-
ing, virtue, intelligence, fidelity,and patriotism of
her people.
I propose briefly to examine the conference bill,
and compare it with the House bill, known as the
Crittenden-Montgomery amendment. The bill,
which has become alaw,does not pretend to sub-
mit the Lecompton constitution to the people for
a direct vote upon its merits. It would not do to
subject that infamous thing to any such test. It is
hung up to await the acceptance of a proposition
in itself known to bo extremely desirable to the
people; the question virtually submitted being,
" will you take three million five hundred thou-
sand acres of land with the Lecompton constitu-
tion attached, and run your own risk of getting rid
of the latter, or will you suffer the inconvenience
and hardship of a territorial government for an
indefinite period, with no assurance of land gifts,
when you are able to become a State ?" I admit
thatthe lawprovides all indirect method by which
the people, by first stultifying themselves, may
strangle the constitution. The question of land
grants is submitted, and upon the vote upon that
question alone, is to depend the immediate admis-
sion of Kansas. The adoption of the land prop-
osition is made the condition precedent. If the
people vote that down, Lecompton falls with it;
if they adopt it, Kansas is at once a State in the
Union, with the Lecompton constitution fastened
upon them. They are compelled to vote against
what would be of advantage to them, what they
desire, in order to get rid of a hateful constitution.
They must vote against what they want, to wit:
