846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Revised, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inn 'Hi''1, mto the practieabih ty of improving the Da Moines
and Rock Island rupi'i-, and the navigation generally of the
tipper Mississippi river, by means of dams and jeservoirs
upon the head-waters of the Wisconsin, Black, Chippewa,
and St. Croix rivers, and other tributaries of said Mississippi
river, according to the plan tor tlie improvementoftheOhio
river, by Charles Bllet, Esq., Civil Engineer, and report the
lesult of their inquiries to this House.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
Mr. SCOTT offered a bill for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels navi-
gating the ocean, propelled in whole or in part by-
steam; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LETCHER. I would make a suggestion
to the gentleman from California. The Commit-
tee on Commerce, I understand, havb reported
back a bill in regard to the preservation of lives
on those same vessels, and it will come up on the
day set down for it by special order of the House.
I understand that my friend from California de-
signs to offer his proposition, hereafter, as an
amendment to tiiat bill. I would suggest, there-
fore, that it be printed, and that it be ieft before
the House, so that the gentleman may offer it at
any time. If referred, it may not be reported back
by that time.
Mr. SCOTT. I am ranch obliged for the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Virginia.
This bill 1 intend to offer as an amendment to the
bill introduced by"the Committee on Commerce;
but I now propose to have it printed, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce. The
bill has been carefully prepared on the basis of
the report made by a committee of underwriters
of the city of New York, and 1 desire that it may
be printed, and referred to the committee I have
indicated.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be pruned.
REFUNDING OP DUTIES.
Mr. McIClBBIN introduced a bill to remit and
refund duties upon goods,wares, and merchandise
destroyed by lire; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. LETCHER. I move its reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It is usual to
give that reference to a bill of this kind.
Mr. McKIBBI-N. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
The bill was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
GRANT OF PUBLIC LANES TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McKIBBIN introduced a bill making a
grant of lands to the State of California, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads m said State; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee 011
Public Lands.
ADDITIONAL LAND OFFICES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McKlBDIN also introduced a bill to create
two additional land offices in the State of Califor-
nia; winch was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lauds.
ADDITIONAL INDIAN AGENTS.
Mr. SCOTT introduced a bill to authorize the
appointment of two additional Indian agents for
the State of California; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee 011 In-
dian Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF RIVERS Iff CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT also introduced .1 bill for the im-
provement of the Sacramento and San Joachin
rivers, below the cities of Sacramento and Stock-
ton; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
LIGHT-HOUSE OX LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. KINGSBURY introduced a bill for the
crection of a light-house 011 Lake Superior; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
POST ROUTES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. KINGSBURY offered the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing post route from Albert Lea, Freeborn county, Min-
nesota, via Bristol, Worth county, Iowa, to Mason City,
Cerro Gordo county, Iowa; also, from Albert Lea to Cham
Lakes, via Blue Eaith City, Fanb.iultcounty, wall a branch
to Winnebago City, 111 Minnesota.
PAYMENT OF CLERKS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE introduced a bill making an appro-
priation for the payment of clerks employed in
the offices of the registers of the land offices at
Oregon City and Winchester, in the Territory of
Oregon; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXTENSION OF LAND LAWS.
Mr. LANE also introduced a bill for extending
the land laws east of the Cascade Mountains, in
Oregon and Washington Territories; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands.
MAJOR ALVORD.
Mr. LANE also introduced a bill for the relief
of Major Benjamin Alvord, paymaster United
States Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
THE GADSDEN PURCHASE.
OTERO introduced a bill to establish a
separate judicial district south of the Gila, and to
provide for the representation of the inhabitants
of the Gadsden purchase in the Territorial Legis-
latuie of New Mexico, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Teiritories.
PENITENTIARY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO alsointroduced a bill making ap-
propriation for the completion of the penitentiary
buildings of the Territory ofNew Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
CAPITOL BUILDINGS, NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO also introduced a bill making ap-
propriation for the completion ofthecapitol build-
ings of the Territory of New Mexico; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 Territories.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTERO also introduced a bill providing
for the examination of claims for Indian depre-
dations 111 the Territory of New Mexico; which
was read a first and second tune, and referred to
the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. OTEIIO also introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to establish the offices of
surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes," approved July
23. 1854; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
LAND DISTRICTS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a
bill to divide the Territory of Washington into
four land districts; which was read a first and
second time| and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MILITARY ROADS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill for the construction of military roads
in the Territory of Washington; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs.
CLERKS OF THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill authorizing the settlement of the ac-
counts of the clerks of the United States courts
in Oregon and Washington Territories; which was
rend a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee 011 tiie Judiciary.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill making additional appropriations for
the erection of the public buildings of Washing-
ton Territory; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
SURVEY OF THE COLUMBIA RIVER.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also intro-
duced a bill to provide for a survey of the Colum-
bia river, in the Territories of Washington and
Oregon; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, moved that
the bill be referred to the Committee onMiluury
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest
(not that we particularly desire to have junsdic-
tion of this subject) that all bills affecting the Ter-
ritories ought to go to the Committee on Terri-
tories. I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
The question was taken on the reference to the
Committee on Territories; and it was not agreed
to.
The question was then taken on the reference
to the Committee on Commerce; and it was so
referred.
RAILROAD IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT introduced a bill to aid the
Territory of Kansas in the construction of a rail-
road therein; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill to estab-
lish an additional land district in Kansas Terri-
tory, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
POST ROUTES IN KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT also introduced a bill to estab-
lish certain post routes in the Territory of Kan-
sas; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Iloads.
LANDS OF NEW YORK INDIANS.
Mr. PA RROTT also offered the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered,and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affair* be in-
structed to inquire into ihe condition of the land* set apart
in flic Tcrntoiy of Kansas resei vation to the New YoiJt
Indums, and to rcpoa by bill or otheiwise.
RAILROADS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FER.GUSON introduced a bill making; a
grant of alternate sections of the public lands to
the Territory of Nebraska, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said Territory, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill to es-
tablish the office of surveyor general in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska; which was road a first and
second lime, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PENITENTIARY IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FER.GUSON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for building a penitentiary m the Temtory
of Nebraska; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE PLATTE RIVER-
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for building a bridge across the Platte river,
in the Territory of Nebraska; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
ROAD IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON also introduced a bill for the
construction of a road in the Territory of Ne-
braska, from the Platte river to the Kansas line;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, asked leave to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there bo printed seven thousand extra
copses of the Jotter of the Secietary of the Treasury, com-
municating the leport of the Sup^untendent of the Coast
Survey for the year 1837; thiee thousand copies for distri-
bution hy the Coa*t Survey office, and four thousand copies
for the useof the members of the Housp ; and that the same
he printed and bound with the plates, in quarto form; and
that the pnntinajofsajd plates fchall be done to the b<tu&£xc-v
Hon of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
