2456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
vate claims. If the gentlemen employed in this
service are all so honest and upright, such men
of integrity as we are told they are, I see no very
great difficulty in allowing, if it. is necessary,
the private claimants to pay part of the expense.
It is always the case between individuals, that
such expense is shared, and I do not believe any
•very great harm would come, in individual cases,
in allowing that to be done still. I was opposed
to the item originally, because I did not see any
sufficient evidence on which to sustain it; and I
am still more opposed to it when I find that the
two Senators from California differ entirely as to
its necessity. It is only putting ourselves in the
same position again to spend more money, and
to be called on to make up deficiencies in Califor-
nia at a very large rate.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Maine inti-
mates that it is by my importunities that this rec-
ommendation has come before the Senate, and
thatitison no other recommendation than that
of the deputy surveyors. Why, sir, if he had
paid some attention to the discussion that took
wlace here before, and if he had also looked at the
history of the legislation of the last Congress, he
would have seen that this proposition was advo-
cated by the past and present surveyor general.
It was brought before the Senate by me on a me-
morial of the hist surveyor general, during the .
last session of Congress. A bill was then intro- j
duced by me and referred to the Committee on j
Public Lands, increasing this compensation. It I
was submitted to the Commissioner of the Gen- j
eral Land Office, and the Secretary of the Interior, ;
and they reported against it; but after a thorough
examination, subsequently, into the question,
they have now recommended it; the very thing
they reported against last year. The cause of its
coming up now, and being here prominent, 01 igin-
ates from the fact that the late Attorney General,
Mr. Cushi ng, when he wen tout of office dismissed
a vast number of the appeals in private Kind claim
cases. The whole object is to give a discretion
to the surveyor general,so that he can have those
claims summarily surveyed, so as to .separate
them from the public lands, and have them pa-
tented at once; for there is nothing that has in-
flicted greater injury on the people of California
than the want of knowledge of the line of the pri-
vate land claims, and the sooner they are patented
the better for the whole country. My object is
to give this discretion simply on the recommend-
ation of all the proper officers. My knowledge
of the subject is entirely derived from the inform-
ation I have received from those officers.
Mr. ^RODERICK!. Fifteen dollars a mile, I
believe, has been allowed to suivryors in Cali-
fornia, for the lastfive years, for all surveys made.
The price of living us much lower now than it was
four or five years since—J think seventy-five per
cent, lower. We live in California now as cheap
as we can live here. I find everything here us
high as J found it in California before 1 left; and
I can see no necessity for appropriating an addi-
tional sum for the purpose of paying surveyors
J there. You will find plenty of them there willing
* to work for the amount provided in the law, with-
out this additional allowance now pioposed to be
made.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I find that the original bill,
as it came from the House of Representatives,
contains an appropriation of $100,000 for survey-
ing the public and private land claims in Califor-
nia, which is the precise amount of the estimate
from the Depaitrnent. The letter of the Seen, tary
of the Treasury, transmitting the estimates of ap-
propriations required for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1859, recommends un ap-
propriation of $100,000 for this purpose, and that
is the precisc sum which is embraced in the ori-
ginal bill, without this amendment. U seems that
the Commissioner ofPubJic Lands, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior, when they made out t heir esti-
mates, did not consider that anything more was
necessary. The original bill provides the amount
they estimated; and I do not see why this dis-
cretionary power should now be given to the sur-
veyor geneial in California, to pay a larger
amount than was asked for in the estimates of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
founded, of course,upon information derived from
the officers in California. I do not think there is
anything in the conduct of the surveyor general
whom wfe have had in California, who has run
the Government in debt more than two hundred
thousand dollars, without authority, that should
particularly commend him to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress, or require a special act
giving him a discretion in the disbursement of
money. I am opposed to the amendment, and
I hope it wiil not prevail.
Mr. GWIN. It is not intended for the benefit
of any person but those who have private land
claims in California, which have been dismissed
from the Supreme Court of the United States.
They want those claims separated from the public
domain, and it has been decided by the Secretary
ofthe Interiorthatthey shall notcontribute a cent
from their own private means to separate their
lands from the public lands, define their bounda-
ries, and get their patents. The question is sim-
ply whether or not the surveyor general can em-
ploy competent surveyors to survey the private
land claims at the present prices. If so, he will
not exceed them. The experience of both the1
surveyors general, the past and the present one
is that they cannot. They have therefore employed
deputy surveyors at increased rates to survey
these claims, and up to this time they have been
surveyed principally in that way. It is now de-
termined by the Secretary of the Interior, and for
good reasons, that they shall be paid only by the
Government of the United States, in oidor that
they shall be entirely free from any bias by get-
ting compensation from private claimants. The
onl v object in asking this authority is to give that
kind of discretion which is considered to be need- \
ful by the proper officers, to allow additional com-
pensation if it is necessary to do so, forsurveymg
the private land claims. We want to get them en-
tirely out of controversy,and have patents issued
for them as rapidly as possible. As far as I am
concerned, I am perfectly confident that the power
asked fur will not be abused; and I believe it will
facilitate the surveying of the private land claims,
and their being patented by the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. ISRODEPJCK. My colleu-ue need have
no fears about the sui \eyoi s receiving compensa-
tion from the. owners of private land claims. That
will be a matter between the private owners and
the surveyors; the Government will not find out
anything about it. If these land owners aie anx-
ious to have their surveys made, they can com-
pensate the surveyors and it can be a matter of
busyf'ss between them and the surveyor, and no
one else will know anything about it. I hope this
appropriation will not be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the finance committee
was to strike out the lines one hundred and t wvnty-
five, one hundred and twenty-mx, and one bun-
dled and twenty aeven, m these words:
" For rontmuinj* the mivoy ot' ih<; bavo, irieiulinn, col-
lection parallels fown-dup ami section hne<, ji the Tern-
tory ot fJtah, at augmented latcs, &1.">,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from the
item for the collection of agricultural statistics,
&c., the following proviso:
prodded That no >-a!aiy or compensation to
any for t>ci victs m colli eting oi di-ti limnng hecd>,
enitmg*, and so foith, <-hall he paid out of tins appiopria-
tum."
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance why this pro-
viso should be stricken out? I should think it i
was quite enough for us to buy all these seeds and j
cuttings, without hiving officers salaried for the ,
purpose of collecting and distributing them.
Mr. HUNTER. If you keep in the appropri- j
ation for collecting seeds and distributing them, ,
you must have somebody to dusttibu'e them or i
they will {accumulate in the Patent Office. J
Mr. PUGH. Tr was supposed th< re were per- !
sons enough employed in the Patent Office to do I
tin^ business. ;
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator can prove that, |
then there would be no necessity for striking out \
the proviso. [ have no objection to striking out !
the whole appropriation. '
Mr. ALLEN. For several years I was chair- :
man of the Committee on Agisculture ofthe Sen- I
ate; and I had frequent occasion to consult with I
Mr. Browne, who has care of this department in !
the Patent Office. I cei tainly think he requires j
great aid to distribute the various seeds and plants I
committed to his care. If we get the seeds there, ■
: j(i
we must certainly deliver them out to some one,
or they must rot m the Department.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care much about the
proviso: but I wish to know whether it would be
in order for me to move to strike out the entire
appropriation. [" Certainly."] If so, I move to
strike out from the one hundred and forty-first
to the one hundred and fifty-third lines of the bill,
inclusive.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think the Senator
wants to keep in the proviso. His object is to
strike out the whole clause.
Mr. PUGH. Let us take the question on the
proviso, and then "on striking out the whole
clause.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. PUGH. I now move to strike out from
nes one hundred and forty-one to one hundred
nd fifty-three, inclusive—in these words:
''For collcction of agncultnral statistics, mve-tigations
for promoting agttcuhure and luial economv, and lite pio-
cuiemeiitot cutting-, and seed-*,%00,000 : Piovidcd, That
it shall be the duty ofthe CnnnmsMonei of Patent- to .sub-
mit to the Soctelaiy of the futonor, at the commencement
of each session ot Congress, the invoices of seeds and cut-
tings ptnehased with the money hereby appiopriated ; and
alt-o a statement of expenses in piocuri ig ugtK-ultnra! sta-
tist ic«, and incidental expends m procuring seeds, cuttings,
and miorniation.''
I only desire to say a word or two. If this
is the day of economy, as we have heard so
often in this Chamber, 1 should like to know on
what pretext an appropriation of $60,000 can be
vindicated for buying all this trash that is fur-
nished us at every session. It takes up the tinio
of members of Congress, it loads down the
mails, it increases the expenses of the Govern-
ment, not merely in the sum named, but in the
inordinate appropriation for the service of the
Post Office Department. There is no use in
it; it is of no benefit to the public at large. Only
a few persons at every post office get these seeds.
In my judgment it is- an extravagant waste of
public money. I hope the Senate will strike it
out; at all events, I demand the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I quite concur with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, and I will vote with him with
pleasure. We acquiesced in the amendment be-
cause we know it is popular in both Houses, and
perhaps popular in the country. He will find
that he will get very few votes for his motion;
1 will be one with him. I think there are even
more mischievous results from the appropriation
than those he mentions, but probably lie will find
this the stionsyst provision m the bill.
Mr. GREEN. I shall be one of them. That
will make thiee votes at least.
Mr. TOOMBS. Put me in.
Mr. GREEN. It is not only an expense, but
it is a public injury. I received certain tobacco
seed a few yeais ago, and I thought it would be
accommodating a friend to send it to him. When
1 got home, the first word said by my old friend
was, 14 you have rumal my crop: I got your
seed, I took it for gianted, coming from the Pat-
ent Office, it must be very fine; I put it in the
bed, set out the plants, and it is all little stuff not
worth a sixpence." He lost Ins whole eiop. It
was fine land, Missouri land, which is not Vir-
ginia land. [Laughter.] I hope the appropria-
tion will be stricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not vote with the
gentlemen who announce their intention to strike
out tins appropriation. I think it one ofthe most
useful in the bill, lam not one of those who de-
cline the little offices of duty to my constituency;
I am anxious to distribute seeds, and to dissem-
inate the best possible that i can obtain. Through-
out the State which I represent—and it is not
very circumscribed m its limits — peisons are
writing to me to obtain seeds, of various kinds,
fiom the Patent Office of the United States; an-
nouncing to me, in many instances, the excellent
products they have had from those they have re-
ceived on former occasions, and requiring others
of a different character. They have husbanded
those they have obtained, and distributed them
among their neighbour, and their production has
been very fine.
In addition to that, persons living remote from
the center, where we now are, have not an oppor-
tunity of obfaming them through any other me-
dium than the Government. The distribution of
seeds, and transporting them, does not incur any
