1858.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas and the Administration—Mr. Cragin.
O
Ho. of Reps.
immediate admission and reasonable land grants;
to prevent having imposed upon them what they
do not want, to wit:«the Lecompton constitution.
By this law they cannot come into ihe Union, ex-
cept they come in as a slave State.
In the event that the people vote down the land
proposition, their action is to be interpreted as
indicating a desire on their part to remain out of
the Union; and they are to continue a Territory
until they have ninety-three thousand inhabitants;
or, failing in that before 1860, one hundred and
twenty thousand. They are compelled to tell
two lies in order to get rid of one great lie. They
must say that they do not desire admission at
this time, and that they do not want the lands, in
order to avert the calamity of having the Lecomp-
ton constitution thrust upon them.
If the proposition is voted down, as it certainly
will be, the whole question is left open to agitate
the country, and to return here at each session
of Congress, until the State is admitted into the
Union. This law is no settlement of the ques-
tion. It only removes it temporarily from Con-
gress. It will return again to plague the inventors.
The end of the Kansas agitation is, apparently,
further off than when this Administration came
into power. The country will hold those who
have delayed and prevented a fair settlement of
this question, to a strict and fearful accountability.
The bill that passed this House, on the 1st day
of April last, submitted the Lecompton constitu-
tion, the thing in dispute, fairly and squarely to the
untrammeled and unbiased judgment of the peo-
ple, for their adoption or iejection. No bribes
were offered for Lecompton; the adoption of no
land-grant proposition was made a condition of
admission. The only question presented to the
people was, whether they would have Lecomp-
ton, or some other constitution. They were per-
fectly free to vote down Lecompton, and then as
free to adopt another constitution to suit them-
selves, and in their own way. By that bill Kan-
sas was admitted into the Union, absolutely and
finally. By it she might at once become a Jree
State. By the law, as it now stands, Kansas can
only be a slave State. Had that bill become a law,
the whole contioversy about Kansas would have
been settled, and forever removed from Congress.
Agitation upon that question would have ceased
from that hour. But the party in power refused
the settlement, fair and honorable as it was, and
choose rather to open the flood-gates of agitation
anew, and continue the stufe for two or three
years longer. The country will hold this Admin-
istration responsible for the failure to settle this
question on the basis of that bill.
Heretofore the friends of this Administration
have falsely charged that the Republican party
were anxious to keep this question open for po-
litical effect. The Republicans have been anxious
for two years to settle this question by admitting
Kansas into the Union as a free State, knowing
that a veiy largo majority of the people desired
such admission. The Democrats have prevented
that admission; and now that they cannot suc-
ceed in forcing her into the Union as a slave State,
against ihe will of lier people, they have determined
that, if she will not come in that way, she shall
not come at all. Theirs is the responsibility of keep-
ing this question open.
But it is said the conference bill gives no more
land than did Crittenden's bill; that they are ex-
act copies, so far as the land grant is concerned.
This is true, sir; but the grant now offered is on
different conditions and under different circum-
stances. It is now offered on condition that the
people will come into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution. If they will not do that, it
fails. It is made the condition of admission. The
adoption of the land grant carries with it, as a
consequence, the Lecompton constitution. The
people cannot take the land without at the same
time taking the constitution. Both are hitched
together, and both must stand or fall by a single
vote.
By the Crittenden bill the two propositions tvere
distinct and separate—one could stand and the
other fall. The people could take either, or nei-
ther, and still be m the Union. They could ac-
cept the land grant, and reject Lecompton. Now
the acceptance of the land grant must necessarily
and inevitably adopt Lecompton.
By the Crittenden bill the State was admitted;
and the people were left free to vote down Le-
compton, and adopt a constitution of their own
making. The land grant offered no inducement
in favor of the Lecompton swindle, as it certainly
does in the law as it now stands. The State was
to be admitted, whether the people took the land
or not. If they accepted the grant, it was to be
binding on the Government of the United States;
but it in no way affected the admission of the State,
or the constitution that it might adopt.
In the one case, Kansas was to come into the
Union with such constitution as the people should
adopt; and they were then, or afterwards, free to
accept the land or not. In the case as it now
stands, Kansas must come into ihe Onion, if she
come at all, with the Lecompton constitution. If
she will not take the land, and with it Lecompton,
she is denied admission.
The Crittenden bill is an honest, fair, manly,
straightforward, and statesman-like measure—
leaving the question of the constitution to the
people, where it rightfully belongs.- The confer-
ence scheme is dishonest, unfair, crooked, and un-
statesmanlike. It is debasing in its tendencies—
corrupting the public morals. The examples of
the Government will be followed by the people.
Fraud and bribery have already become so fre-
quent in matters connected with elections, as to
endanger the purity of the ballot-box, and to
threaten the very existence of our republican sys-
tem. Demagogues and scoundrels will pattern
from this measure, and in future we may expect
an increase of double dealing, trickery, fraud, and
bribery. Such legislation is unworthy a great and
Christian nation.
It is a sad commentary on the true doctrine of
popular sovereignty. It seeks to circumvent the
people, and, by gifts and threats of punishment,
to induce them to take a constitution which does
not embody their will, and which receives and
deserves their execration.
The friends of the Lecompton constitution dare
not submit the naked thing to the people. They
know that four fifths of them are against it, and
that, if they could only get at it, in that shape,
,thcy would give it immediate burial. It would also
demonstrate to the world the wickedness of the
attemptto force it upon them. They have, there-
fore, given it a sugar coating, hoping that, for a
consideration, the people will gulp it down.
There is one other significant difference be-
tween these two measures. By the Crittenden bill,
in order that the election might be fair, four
commissioners were to have charge of matters con-
nected therewith,namely, the Governor and Sec-
retary of the Territory, appointed by the Presi-
dent, and the President of the Council and the
Speaker of the House of the Territorial Legisla-
ture. Two appointed by the President and t\vT>
elected by the people. The people were to have
an equal chance. But by the bill prepared by the
conference committee, one more is added to the
board, to wit, the district attorney; thus giving a
majority to the fiiends of the Lecompton consti-
tution. By the law any three of the board con-
| stitute a quorum, and can act. This is pure
j " popular sovereignty,"as practiced by the Dem-
I ocratic party. This change was made for some
purpose, and it will be difficult to convince the
country that it was not done to control the election,
and give facilities for fraudulent voting and forged
returns. Kansas has long been fruitful ground
for the basest election frauds by the friends of this
Administration; and it would be strange if seed
so plentifully sown would not produce another
crop. To cap the climax the bill should have pro-
vided that the returns be made to John Calhoun,
and deposited in his candle-box.
It is very evident to my mind that the Admin-
istration will bend all its efforts to carry the elec-
tion for "proposition accepted." JVo expense
will be spared to make Kansas a slave State. Every-
thing that endangers this result, so far as they
have the power, will be removed. Already has
District Attorney Weir been removed because he
would not worship Lecompton, and a man by the
name of Davis appointed, to aid in the work of
making a slave State of Kansas. Secret agents
of the Administration will be sent into the Terri-
tory to influence the people to vote for Lecomp- {
ton. Of course they will all be free-Stale men.!
They will tell the long-suffering people of Kan-
sas that they have only to come into the Union,
and that they can immediately change Lecomp-
ton into anything they choose. This will be m
perfect keeping with the trickery of this law.
It is well known that the most valuable lands
in the Territory are already advertised for sale.
The times are hard, and the settlers find it impos-
sible to raise the money to pay for their lands, ill
order to save them fiom this sale. They have
asked a postponement of the sale for one year.
Their reasonable request has not been granted.
The sale has been postponed till November, with
an intimation from the Administration, that there
will probably bono difficulty in granting a further
postponement, if Kansas becomes a sovereign State.
That is, if the people will take Lecompton, the
Administration of James Buchanan will give them
longer time to pay for their land. The necessities
of the poor are to be taken advantage of, in order
to induce them to do wliat they abhor. Like the
exacting money-lender, the men now in power
promise an extension,for a consideration, namely:
the acceptance of the Lecompton constitution.
An Administration that has urged and begged
Congress to force this spurious constitution upon
the necks of an unwilling and protesting people,
will Hot scruple to use all the means at its com-
mand , to accomplish the same thing by bribery or
by a pretended election.
I have full faith that the people of Kansas, if
they have anything like afair chance, will spurn
the bribe, maintain their integrity, and treatevery
man as a traitor who advocates admission on such
degrading terms.
Beyond all this, the conference bill enunciates
a new principle—one that has already attracted
the attention of the country. The doctrine that
it requires a greater population for a free State
than for a slave State, is distinctly implied in this
measure. I suppose this doctrine is to become a
new article in the pro-slavery Democratic creed.
Whether this new invention is to be labeled
" State equality," or christened with some other
popular name, I know not. Call it by what name
you please—we accept the issue ! It is a degrad-
ing and insulting distinction, and the North will
resist it. The most ingenious doughface in all the
free States, cannot invent a reason why Kansas
should be admitted as a slave State with her pres-
ent population, and denied admission as a free
State till her population has doubled! You have
thrown down the glove on this issue: we shall
take it up. We will go to the people with this
issue. Upon our banners we will inscribe: " The
rights of the people. The immediate admission of
Kansas as a fee State. No distinctions in favor of
slavery." If there are not members enough in this
House two years hence to admit Kansas without
delay as a free State, I shall be greatly mistaken.
1 think it will be much easier to convince the peo-
ple of the free North that it is vastly more proper
to keep the men who voted for this new principle
of " equality" out of Congress, than that Kansas
should be denied admission as a free Slate, with
conditions, that, in the opinion of these gentlemen,
qualify her for admission as a slave State.
The political grave-yard received large acces-
sions when the Nebraska bill passed; and the
mourners still go about the streets. Again its
gates will be thrown wide open, and many will
go in thereat. The race of doughfaces has not
increased for the past four years, and this meas-
ure is likely to prove a Noah's flood to the re-
mainder. Already has this Administration a fear-
ful account to settle. Its supporters on this floor
and elsewhere will be punishffd not only for what
they have done and attempted to do, in respect
to Kansas, but they will be arraigned before the
country for betraying great trusts—for lepudiat-
ing solemn pledges, and for obtaining power un-
der false pretenses. By the common law,as well
as by statute, ill most of the States, the obtaining
of goods, money, and other valuable things, by
fake pretenses and false tokens, is declared to be
an offense, and is severely punished. The fact
is as notorious as the election itself, that through-
out the northern States the Democratic party, in
the campaign of 1856,inscribed upon its banners
the motto " Buchanan and free Kansas." The
sincerity with which they promised to make Kan-
sas a free State, and the seeming indignation with
