1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143$
crease. I am opposed—not to its influence upon
the nation as a formidable assailing power; not
as one that is to march to Washington city, dic-
tate laws, and say who shall rule; not as praetor-
ian guards, nor as janissaries that are to march
here, and place an imperial scepter in sonie lord-
ling's hand. I have no fear of that kind; but
there is a more fearful and terrible influence at
work now. That influence is felt here; it is feltat
the other end of the Capitol; it is felt throughout
all the veins of society; every artery thrills with
it, and every nerve vibrates to its touch. It is the
increase of officers in the Army, whose friends
rally to their rescue if aught should menace their
continuance in the service. Ttis the influence of
friends, those who have relatives in the Army, on
the Representatives at the other end of this Cap-
itol, and operating upon Senators through the
Legislatures of .States, that is to subvert this Gov-
ernment at some future day. They are now be-
coming sufficiently numerous to form a privileged
class in society, and that is never favorable to the
perpetuity of free institutions; it never will sus-
tain this country; but it will sap the foundations
by degrees; and every increase you bring to the*
regular Army is but adding to the insidious in-
fluence'that is to undermine the institutions of the
country.
That is'what I contend against. It is what I
will always contend against. This is the result
of no mawkishness; but, looking into the vista
of future time, I perceive an influence which has
grown into importance, obscured in its outset, but
manifest in its terrible developments to this na-
tion, when even Congress will legislate to contrib-
ute to its grandeur and its elevation. Yes, sir,
that is what 1 dread and what I apprehend. I shall
not live to see it, but others will witness the mel-
ancholy catastrophe that awaits this country; and |
gradually, in its progress, you must arrest it. I '
would stop here. Your fortresses can be well
kept up by your regular Army now m service;
but I tell you, Mr. President, whenever war comes,
and your national honor has to be sustained and
defended, it has to be done by the volunteers of
the country—the heart and soul of this nation;
for when have your institutions or your national
honor been assailed or invaded when the great
national heart did not throb and send a force
through the arteries of this nation to every ex- j
tremity, that called forth the volunteer men of the \
nation to vindicate your honor and defend your j
rights? Had you any example of delinquency j
on their part, you might distrust them; but as i
long as they are faithful to your banners, as long !
as they bear your eagles aloft, as they have ai- !
ready done, rely upon them as the great saving !
principle of liberty and the continuance of your 1
institutions. But yield not to mercenaries who !
by accident are thrown upon our soil, forming :
our rank and file in the Army, who have no sen- i
timents of nationality with us, and who only as j
mercenaries fight or act—men who have no na- ;
tional soul about them, but merely contribute to
numbers without that chivalry, that amor patriae, '
which will always give victory to your arms ;
when you grapple with an adversary worthy of i
your steel. * |
The yeas and nays being taken on the passage ■
of the bill, there were—yeas 41, nays 13; as fol- j
lows: :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bisres, ■
Bigler, Bright, lirodenck, Biown, Cameron, Cnttenden, :
Douglas, Evan.-*, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwm, Ilaiu- \
monU, Harlan.Henderson, Houston,Hunter,Iverson, John- [
son ot Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, 1
Mallory, Maj-on, Pcaree, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, i
Slide!!, Smart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson ot New '
Jeisev, Wilson. Wright, and Yulee—41. !
NA'Vrt—Messrs. Chandler,Claik, Collamer, Dixon, Doo- i
little, Durkee, Fcssemion, Foster, Hale, ILmihn, King, '
Trumbull, and Wade—13. - I
So the bill was passed. '
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the title of
the bill by striking out " four" and inserting ;
"two." :
The amendment was agreed to; and the title
reads: 11 An act to provide for the organization j
of a regiment of mounted volunteers for the de- 1
fense ot the frontier of Texas; and to authorize I
the President to call into the service of the United '
States two additional regiments of volunteers."
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION. j
While Mr. Wh.son was addressing the Senate '
on the volunteer regiments bill, and before Mr, I
Brown's allusion to that subject, a message was
received from the House of Representatives, by
Mr. Allen, its Clerk:
Mr. Prfstprnt : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate that the House has passed
the hill (S. No. 1(51) entitled "An act for the admission of
the State of Kansas into the Union, with an amendment; in
which I am directed to ask the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate ordered that, when it ad-
journed to-day, it should be until Monday next.
Mr. BRODERICK called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, were—
yeas 33, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigj?s, Bigler,
Blight, Brown, Clay, Douglas, Evans, Fitch, Fuzpattick,
Green, Gwin, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Slide!!, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and
Ynloe—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooiittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foster, Hale, Ilumhn, Harlan, Kins?, Pearce, Seward,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
21.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn to Monday next; which was decided in
the negative.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate bill (S.
No. 161) for thp admission of Kansas as aStute
into the Union, which has been returned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment,
be taken up for consideration. If it should give
rise to discussion, I presume it will hardly be pos-
sible to get through with it to-night; and m that
event, after I have submitted a motion, 1 shall be
willing that the bill and the amendment be ordered
to bo printed, so that to-morrow we may consider
and decide the question. But, in the first place,
I move that the bill be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I move to dispense with the
reading of the amendment.
Several Senators. Print it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair will suggest to the Sen-
ator that objection having been made, the amend-
ment must be read.
Mr. GREEN. Who objects?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume there will be no
objection to dispensing with the reading of the
amendment, ordering it to be printed, and letting
it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection was
made to the amendment being acted on until it
was read, I understand.
Mr. SEWARD. It is understood there will be
no action to-night.
Mr. GREEN. That is the understanding. I
desire to submit a motion to print the amend-
ment; second, that the Senate disagire to the
amendment; next, that its further consideration
be postponed until to-morrow; and then tiiat the
Senate adjourn.
The motion to print the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. GREEN. I now move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives; and, having submitted that mo-
tion, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 1, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Septimus Tustist.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first m
order was the call of committees for reports.
POLICE FORCE OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, j
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con- ,
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol- j
lowing resolution: j
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Cofum- j
biabe and thev aro hereby, instructed to inquire into the ]
sufficiency of the present police force for the preseivation |
of the poacp, and foi the protection of persons and property [
in ^id Diotuct; and whether it is expedient that Congto*-* i
shall adopt anvmea uiesto give increased efficiency thereto, j
with libeity to report at any time, by bill or otherwise. j
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The Committee j
for the District of Columbia have that subject be- >
fore them now; but I do not know that I object to
the resolution.
Mr.CLINGMAN. Letthe resolution beadopfc-
ed; it is important that it should be.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILLS UPON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,,
until one o 'clock, when it is the wish of the House
to take action on the Kansas bill, I hope the House
will consent to take up and dispose of the bills
upon the Speaker's table antecedent to that bill.
Mr. BLISS. I want to know what the bills
are ?
The SPEAKER. There are seventeen bills be-
fore the Kansas bill, which the House desires to
vote on to-day.
Mr. BLISS. I understand that this does not
include any bill which is up for engrossment? I
understand that there is a bill upon the Speaker's
table for engrossment,and included in the eleventh
order of business.
The SPEAKER. That is after the Kansas
hill upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BLISS. That is all I wish to know.
There being no ob jection, the bills on the Speak-
er's table were taken up, read a first and second
time, and disposed of as indicated below.
STEAMER FEARLESS.
An act (S. No. 57) to authorize a register to
be issued to the steamer Fearless. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REGISTERS FOR VESSELS.
An act(S. No. 32) to repeal an act entitled "An
act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the names of vessels in certain eases/'
approved 5th March, 1856.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no objection to that bill being put upon
its passage. When the bill is read there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker,there
should belio objection to putting that biH on its
passage. Under the law passed during the last
Congress, there have been ninety-two vessels
which have had their names changed, and of that
number thirty-five have foundered at sea. Peti-
tion after petition has come into this House ask-
ing for the repeal of that law. It is simply taking
it out of the hands of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and compelling gentlemen who wish to change
the name of a vessel to come, as heretofore, be-
fore Congress. There can be no possible objec-
tion to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the law
that it is proposed to repeal?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will send the law
to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read the law, as follows.
" Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is heu'by. authonzed to pcunitthe owner or owners
oj any vessel to change the name ot the same when, in hi-*
opinion, there shall be sufficient cause for so doing; and he
may e.^tabh.-h such rules and regulations as he&hall deem
pioper for that purpose."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether the object is to bring everybody here
who wants the name of a vessel changed > I think
it is wrong, for the Secretary of the Treasury can
i certainly attend to it better than Congress.
| Mr. C0M1NS. As I took some intcrestin the
passage of the law which this bill is intended to
repeal, I desire to say a single word upon it be-
fore it is put upon its passage, or referred to a com-
mittee. When foreign vessels have been purchased
and rebuilt by American citizens, and the repairs
upon which have been equal to three fourths of
their value when ready for sea, as American ves-
sels, it has been the universal practice of Congress
to pass special acts authorizing the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy to issue a registei, and under such
name as the owner might desire. These eases
have become frequent. That Congress might not
be put to the trouble and expense of passing a
special act to meet each and every case which
might arise, it was deemed advisable that a gen-
1 oral law on this subject should be passed. My
i attention was first called to this matter, Mr.
i Speaker, by one of your colleagues in the Thirty -
I Fourth Congress,[Mr. Aiken,] whose experience
