1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
RESOLUTIONS OF MAINE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, presented joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Maine,
in reference to the fishery bounties; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the Slate of Maine in reference to
French spoliations, to the fishery bounties, to the
introduction offoreign paupersandcriminals,and.
to the decision of the Supreme Courtof the United
States in the case of Dred Scott; which were sev-
erally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS. !
Mr. PIKE asked leave to offer the following |
resolution: j
Resolved, That the members of the Committee on En- .
rolled Bills of this House shall have the power to vote on i
all questions at any time before the result of any vote shall {
be announced. I
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that.
Mr. PHELPS. Let it be modified so as to make
it read, " when absent from the House in the dis-
charge of their duty."
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the committee have no right to be absent during
the sittings of the House, except by leave of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That is true; and yet the
Committee on Enrolled Bills are compelled to hold
nearly all their sessions when the House is in ses-
sion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest the pro-
priety of amending that resolution bo us to include
committees of conference, who are usually en-
gaged at the close of a session in the discussion
and settlement of important questions. They
ought to have a right to record their votes under
the same regulations.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the resolution.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. WALTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be prepared for the use of the House,
in addition to the statements on the public lands named m
-the resolution of this House adopted on the lStli instant, a
tabular statement exhibiting the area, ex pieced in square
nules and acres, of lands assigned or reserved to Indian
tribe?, the tribes to winch are assigned a reseive, geo-
graphical locations of such lands, and the date of the as-
signment or reservation in each case.
POST OFFICE BUILDINGS IN STATE CAPITALS.
Mr. "WALTON. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved^ That the Committee on the Po-=t Oflice and Po-^t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of elect-
ing a post office at eaehol the capitals of the seveial Slates
in the Union, where a post oihce lias not -ilieady been
erected or provided lor m connection with United States
couits or custom-houses.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAWS.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill to amend the
several acts now in force in relation to the Patent
Office; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Officc.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMassachusctts, introduced a bill
to repeal so much of the several acts relating to
American seamen as relates to the issuing of cer-
tificates of citizenship or protections by collectors
of the several ports of entry; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, also introduced
a bill to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st of
July, 1801; which was read a firstand second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
CAPE COD HARBOR.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for the preservation of
Cape Cod harbor, m the State of Massachusetts;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PLYMOUTH HARBOR.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, also introduced
a bill making an appropriation to repair the works
for the preservation of the harbor of Plymouth,
Massachusetts; which was reada first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, also submitted
the following resolution; which was read and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House the estimates for the repair of the
woiks in Plymouth harbor, Massachusetts, for the preser-
vation of the s:mip ; and his opinion of the necessity of any
immediate action in the prosecution of said works.
TAUNTON RIVER.
Mr. BTJFFINTON" introduced a bill for the im-
provement of Taunton river, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts; which was rend a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BARK JEHU.
Mr. COMINS. Mr. Speaker, I have no reso-
lution or bill to introduce, but rise to make a mo-
tion of a purely business character, and which in
no way affects the political rights of individuals
or States. There is upon the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 50, to authorize the issuing of a
register to the bark Jehu. This was a Domini-
can vessel, called the Naiad Gtueen, which was
sold to Daniel Draper & Son, of Boston, for re-
pairs and other expenses incurred in the United
States. I ask that it be taken up and put on its
passage.
There was no objection.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and then read in exlenso.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COMINS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is clear that this
bill is being passed without inquiry and without
explanation. It is rather a singular proceeding,
and I must take exception to it. There is no rea-
son why we should, without explanation, blindly
order the Secretary of the Treasury to issue this
register.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickiks, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills and joint resolution, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act for the relief of William B. Trotter;
An net to authorize notaries public to take and
certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments
in certain cases;
An act for the relief of James G. Benton, E. B.
Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of the United
States Army;
An act for the relief of James Beatty's personal
representatives; and
A resolution to authorize certain officers and
men engaged in the search for Sir John Franklin
to receive certain medals presented to them by
the Government of Great Britain.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. KNAPP, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
in the case of Thomas Houghton fioin the files of the
House, for the purpose of reference m the Senate.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN HARTFORD.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, introduced a bill
for the construction of a suitable building for the
accommodation of the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and the several offices con-
nected therewith, and the post office,at Hartford,
Connecticut; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BRIDGEPORT.
Mr. BISHOP asked leave to offer the following I
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the necessity of the con-
struction of a custom-house and post office building in the
city of Bridgeport, State of Connecticut, and to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
HARBOR OF BRIDGEPORT, ETC.
Mr. BISHOP also asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution: .
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
toiuqune into the condition of the haibors of Bridgopmtand
Norwalk, in the State of Connecticut, and to report by bill
or otherwise, what appropriations are necessary to place
#said harbors in suitable and proper condition.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Th'e SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, for the consideration and ac-
tion of the House of Representatives, an estimate
of the funds required for subsistence of troops in
the Utah expedition,based upon the requirements
of acircularof the Commanding-General, dated
January 11,1858; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting to Congress a copy of a
convention between the United States and his
Majesty the King of Denmark, for the discontin-
uance of the Sound dues, the ratifications of which
were exchanged in this city, on the 12th instant,
and recommending that an appropriation be made
to enable the Executive seasonably to carry into
effect the stipulations in regard to the sums pay-
able to his Danish Majesty's Government; which
was referred to theCommittee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting two hundred and seventy-five
copies of the official Army Register for 1858, for
the use of the House of Representatives, as re-
quired by their resolution of the 1st of February,
1830; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ne-
braska, with the accompanying note:
Omaha. City, Nebraska Territory,
Hall of the House op Representatives,
January, A. D. J858.
Sir : Inclosed please find copy of joint resolution* which
have pa-s&ed the Council and House of Representatives of
the Territory of Nebiaska, winch copy we were directed by
the resolutions to forward yourself.
S. M. CIJRRAN, Chief Cleric of the House.
W. SAFFORD, Chief Cleik of the Council.
To Honorable Speakcr of the House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C.
Joint Resolution.
To the House of Representatives of the United States in
Congress asscmhlcd :
Whereas. Hon. B. B. Chapman contesting the right of
Hon. Feiiner Fersu^on to his seatin yom body,as Delegate
elect liom the Territory of Nebia-Jsa, and believing ii to be
a duty devolving upon us as ippresentatives of the people,
to advise your honorable body of their wishes and sympa-
thies in the piemises: Therefore,
Be it resohed by the Council and House of Representa-
tives of the Teriilory of Nebraska—
First. That a very large majority of the people of the
Territory of Nebraska believe that Hon. Fenner Feigii'on
was fairly and legally olected Delegate from the Territory
of Nebraska. Consequently, they will be slow to believe
that efforts fiom any source will avail anything todepiive
them of the lepre&entative of their choice, and of arepie-
senfative in whose capacity, integrity, fidelity, and incor-
ruptibility they have the fullest confidence.
Second. That the whole people of the Territory indig-
nantly lepel the foul aspersions attempted to be cast upon
the character of the late Chief Justice of the Territory, the
present Delegate elect, charging in effect perjury, underthe
preemption laws of the United States; knowing, as they do,
that such charges and aspersions are maliciously false, ami
entirely unfounded, coming from what source they may;
and they cannot but believe that such slanderous and libel-
ous charges liave been made in the hope or expectation that
the right of the Delegate elect, to his seat, would be preju-
diced thereby.
Third, That the foregoing preamble and resolutions shall
be signed by the President of the Council and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives; certified to by the Clerks
of cacli bodv, and a copy of the same be forwarded bv &aui
Clerks to the Speaker of the House of .Representatives of
the United States, Hon. Fenner Ferguson, and lion. B. B.
Chapman. J- H. DECKER,
Speaker of the House*
Attest: S. M. Curran, Chief Clerk of the House.
GEO. h. MILLER,
President of the Council.
Attest: Washburn Safford, Chief Clerk of the Council.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not see that
those resolutions state any facts in regard to the
election in Nebraska, and I cannot conceive who
the opinion of that Legislature can have any effect
