848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
upon the question to be decided by this House.
1 therefore move, sir, to lay the resolutions upon
the table without printing.
The motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF NEBRASKA, ETC.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the me-
morial and resolutions of the Legislative Assent*
bly of Nebraska relative to the establishment of
a new surveying district and the office of surveyor
general for the Territory of Nebraska; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now insist on my
motion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
CLERK TO SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, lrise to a privileged
question. The specia! committee on printing ha?e
instructed me to make a report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
that is not a question of such privilege as to take
precedcnce of a motion to suspend the rules to go
into committee.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the House
will receive the report and act upon it. It will not
take a minute, and the committee am at a stand-
still for want of the authority asked for.
The report was read as follows:
In Special Cojvimittee, January 20, J8o8, it was
Resolved, That a cleik is necessaiy to the dispatch of the
business of the committee.
Resolved, That the chairman report to the House said
resolution, and ask for authority to employ a clerk at a sum
not exceediug tour dollars per day.
No objection being made, the committee were
authorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy Jones] to waive
his motion for a moment, to allow me to introduce
a bill for reference only.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will do so if there
be no objection; but if a single objection be made
I shall insist on my mo'tion.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I object.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I was not in my seat when
my State was called, and I now desire to present
a bill for reference only. It is a hill to extinguish
the Indian titles to reservations in Georgia, and
other adjacent States ltis-the same bill which
was reported Lest session, and I merely desire to
have it referred to the Committee on Indian
A flairs.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES I must object, and
insist on my motion.
Mr. PALMER. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to introduce a bill for reference. I was
absent on necessary business m the Clerk's office
when my State was called.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must decline to
yield. All the States hem: been called. I am
sony that [ cannot accommodate the gentleman.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was ngreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair,) and resumed the-con-
sideration of
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, it had under consideration the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, and
cerain resolutions submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Glancy .1 ones] for the
reference of that message. The committee had
progressed in the consideration of those resolu-
tions to the last resolution, which related to the
subject of a Pacific railroad. To that resolution
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] had
offered an amendment, proposing to refer so much
of the message as relates to that subject to a se-
lect committee of thirteen. To that amendment
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
had submitted an amendment, to strike outc< thir-
teen" and insert "nine." The question is upon
that amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, which has been debated on both sides, and,
therefore, no further debate is in order.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Phelps's
amendment*
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And that the committee be required to designate and
report the best practicable route for the construction of the
said road.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to submit to the committee
a few remarks by way of reason for altering the
resolution. I regard the construction of the Pa-
cific railroad as a fact that is settled and determ-
ined. I am aware that in the convention which
assembled at Cincinnati in June, 1856, a platform
was constructed, in the foundation of which were
placed a few fossiliferous rocks, on one of which
appears an inscription to the effect that " the Con-
stitution does not confer on Congress the power
to commence and carry on a general system of
internal improvements." But the obsoleteness
of that idea was demonstrated in a very few weeks
thereafter, in Congress, by the passage of five
separate internal improvementbills, over the head
of the President's veto, appropriating nearly a
million dollars to various internal improvement
purposes.
The President of the United States in his in-
augural address, and in his recent annual message
to Congress,uscs language which I have not time,
in the five minute's allotted me, to read, but which
the reporters will please to incorporate in their
report of my remarks.
The following occurs in the President's inau-
gural:
" The Federal Constitution is a grant from the States
to Congress of certain specific powers; and the question
whether this grant should be liberally or strictly construed
has more or less divided political parties from the beginning.
Without entering into the argument, I desire to state, at the
commencement of my administration, that long experience
and observation have convinced me that a strict construc-
tion of the powers of the Government is the only true, as
well as the only safe theory of the Constitution. When-
ever, in our past history, doubtful powers have been exer-
cised by Congress, these have never failed to produce in-
jurious and unhappy consequences. Many such instances
might be adduced, it this were the properoceasion. Neither
is it necessaiy for the public service tostiain the language
of the Constitution ; because all the greatand useful powers
requued for a successful administration ot the Government,
both in peace ami in war, have been granted either in ex-
press tonus-, or by the plainest implication.
" Whilr-t deeply convinced of these truths, T yet consider
it clear that, under the wai-makmg powei, Congress may
appiopuato money lowauls the construction of a military
road, when this if absolutely necessary for the defense of
any Stale or Territory of the Union against foreign invasion.
Under the Constitution, Congress lias power ' to declare
war,' - to lai^cand support armies,"-to piuvide and maintain
a navy,' and to call foith the militia to ' repel invasion* '
Thus endowed, in an ample mannei, with the war-making
power, the coucspondmg duty is required that' the United
States shall protect each of them (the States) against in-
vasion.'
" Now, how is it possible to afford this protection to Cal-
ifornia and oui Pacific possessions, except by means of a
nnlitaty road through the Territories of the United Staler,
over which men and munitions of war may he speedily
transposed fioin the Atlantic States to meet and to lepel
the invader? In the event of a war with a naval Power
much stionger than our own, we should then have no other
available access to the Pacilie coa.-t, because such a Power
would instantly close the route across the k-thmus of Cen-
tral America.
" It is impossible to conceive that, whilst the Constitu-
tion lia^ e.\pre.-<ly required Congress todeiend all the States,
it should jet deny to them, by any fair conjunction, the
only possible means by which one of these States can be
defended. Besides, the Government, ever since its ongin,
has bcuu m the constant practice of constiueting nnlitaiy
loads. It might aNo be wihe to consider whether the love
for the Union which now animates our fellow citizens on
the Pacitic coast may not he impaired by our neglect <">i re-
tusal to provide for them, in their i emote and isolated con-
dition, the only means by which the power of the States on
this side of the Rocky Mountains can reach them m suffi-
cient time to < protect' them ' against invasion-' I forbear
for the pie^ent fiom expressing an opinion as to the wisest
and most economical mode in which the Government can
lend it-= aid in accomplishing this great and necessaiy woik.
I believe that many ot the difficulties in the way which now
appear formidable will, in a gre.it decree, vam.-h as soon as
the nearest and bestioute shall have been satisfactorily as-
ceitamcd."
The President, in his late annual message, treats
the subject as follows:
" Long experience lias deeply convinced me that a strict
constmetion of the powers granted to Congiess is the only
true, as well a<< the only safe, theory of tlie Constitution.
Whilst this principle shall guide my public conduct, I con-
sider it clear that under the war-making power Congress
may appropuate money foi the construction of a military
road through the territories of the United States, when this
is absolutely necessaiy for the defense of any of the States
agamst foreign invasion. The Constitution has conferied
upon Congress power 'todeclare war,' 'to raise and sup-
port armies,5 'to provide and maintain a navv,' and to call
lorth the militia to 'repel invasions.' These lngh sovereign
powers necessarily involve important and responsible public
duties; and among them there is none so sacred and so im-
peiative as that of preserving our soil from the invasion of
a foreign enemy. The Constuutionhas, therefore, left noth-
ing on this point to construction, but expressly requires that
'the United States shall protect ouch of them [the States]
against invasion.' Now, if a military road over our own
territories 1s indispensably necessary to enable us to meet
and repel the invader, it follows as a necessary conseqnenee,
not only that we possess the power, but it is our impciative
duty to construct such a road. It would be an absurdity to
invest a Government with the unlimited power to make
and conduct war, and at the same time deny to it the only
means of reaching and defeating the enemy at the frontier.
Without such a road it is quite evident wc cannot 'protect'
California and our Pacific possessions 'agamst invasion.'
We cannot by any other means transport men and muni-
tions of war fiom the Atlantic States in sufficient time suc-
cessfully to defend these remote and distant portions of the
Republic.
"Experience has proved that the routes across the isth-
mus of Central America are, at best, but a very uncertain
and unreliable mode of communication. But, even if this
were not the case, they would at once be closed against us
in the event of war with a naval Power so much stronger
than our own as to enable it to blockade the ports at cither
end of these routes. After all, therefore, we can only rely
upon a military road through our own territories; and ever
since the origin of the Government Congieos lias been in the
practice of appropnating money from the public Treasury
for the construction of such roads.
" The difficulties and the expense of constructing a mili-
tary railroad to conneetour Atlantic and Pacific States have
been greatly exaggerated. The distance on the Arizona
route, near the thirty-second parallel of north latitude, be-
tween the western boundary of Texas, on the itio Grande,
and the eastern boundary of California, on the Colorado,
from the best explorations now within our knowledge, does
not exceed four hundred and seventy miles, and the face
ot the country is, in the main, favorable. For obvious lea-
sons, the Government ought not to undertake the work itself
by means of its own agents. Tins ought to be committed
to other agencies, which Congress might assist, either by
grants of land or money, or by both, upon such terms and
conditions as they may deem most beneficial for the coun-
try. Provision might thus be made not only for the safe,
rapid, and economical transportation of troops and muni-
tions of war, but also of the public mails. The commercial
interests of the whole country, both cast and west, would
be greatly promoted by such a road; and, above all, it would
he a powerful additional bond of union. And although ad-
vantages of this kind, whether postal, commercial, or polit-
ical, cannot confer constitutional power, yet they may fur-
nish auxiliary arguments in favor of expediting a work
which, in my judgment, is clearly embraced within the war-
making power.
'•For these reasons, I commend to the friendly consider-
ation of Congress the subject of the Pacific railroad, without
finally committing myself to any particular route."
By reference to these passages, it will be seen
that the President honors this subject with a con-
stitutional argument, in which he derives, from
the war-making power reposed by the Constitu-
tion in Congress, the power to construct this great
and important public work; but I think that he
might have derived it more plausibly from other
parts of the Constitution. It is manifest, from
these passages in the inaugural address and in the
annual message, that this is one important part
of the programme of the Administration; as much
so as the acquisition of Cuba or the protectorate
of Central America. And when we know that the
friends of the Administration have large major-
ities in both branches of Congress—and when we
observe the singular unanimity and harmony with
which all suggestions from that quarter are acted
upon, and adopted by them—we can have no
doubt that the execution of this great work will
be effected; and that, too, in a very short period.
As the Piusident has expressly left the ques-
tion open, it becomes important to settle and de-
termine, in the first instance, by what route this
work should be constructed. We know that there
are four great rival routes, each of which has
many able and earnest advocates. One is to term-
inate at Nisqually, near Puget Sound; two at
San Francisco;and one at San Diego, on the west
coast. Of the eastern termini, one is to be at
Chicago, one at St. Louis, one at Memphis, and
one at New Orleans. To settle the rival claims
of these several routes, and to determine the
great geographical and topographical questions
which ncccssarily arise in deciding their respect-
ive claims, will require the labor of a committee
selected and set apart for that especial purpose—
selected it ought to be, from those portions of the
country more immediately interested in the con-
struction of the work.
It is important to settle, the first thing we do,
where we shall have this road built—this great
trans-continental road; this " military road;" this
great highway and thoroughfare, as I believe it
will be, for the traffic, the trade, and the commerce
of the world—bringing to us, fiom the <4gorgeous
East," by the West, that trade which we have
hitherto received by the East. 1 say that it is very
important that we settle and decide, in the first
place, where we shall have that road located, and
then [Here the hammer fell.]
