1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
in the Committee on Commerce, and whose gen-
eral good judgment taught him the necessity of
such a law. The act of March 5, 1856, was
passed. It is due to myself to remark that it was
considered in committee, and passed in the House
in my absence from sickness; but frankness re-
quires me to say also, that I was in favor of a
reneral law of this kind, and had I been present
should undoubtedly have voted for it. It was
intended to facilitate commercial business. Under
no conceivable circumstances could it be supposed
that such abuses could be perpetrated as are al-
leged to have been practiced under it.
It appears that the law is too broad in its char-
acter, that it gives the Secretary of the Treasury
too much power; under that law the Secretary of
the Treasury can change the name of any vessel
at his pleasure, under such regulations as he may
deem it expedient to adopt. Under that law, as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. John Coch-
rane] has said, a large number of vessels have
had their names changed, many of which have
foundered, or otherwise been lost at sea. Under
that act the celebrated George Law, of filibuster
notoriety, was changed to that of Central Amer-
ca, and hundreds of our fellow-citizens found a
Watery grave who otherwise would never have
been decoyed on board that notoriously unsea-
worthy ship. Its repeal has been demanded. It
has been demanded by the various boards of un-
derwriters, by the mercantile community, and by
the universal traveling public. But, Mr. Speaker,
the fault is not in the law, it is in the abuse of it
by those who administer it. I repeat that it was
passed for the benefit of the commercial and nav-
igation interests. I am still of the opinion that a
general law on this subject is desirable; that such
a law can be framed in committee that will not be
objectionable in its features, and be submitted for
the consideration of the House. The Secretary
of the Treasury having suspended all operations
under this law, there need he no haste in the mat-
ter. And for the reasons which I have stated, I
desire this bill may take the usual course, and be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I make
that motion.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I hope it will be so referred.
The gentleman from New York has told us that
of the ninety-two vessels whose names have been
changed under this law, thirty-five have foun-
dered.
Mr. COBB. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
VICE ADMIRAL MEHMED PASHA.
A resolution (S. No. 18) for the reception of
Vice Admiral Mehmed Pasha, of the Turkish
Navy, and to facilitate the objects of his mission
in superintending the construction of a vessel-of-
war in the United States.
Mr.CLINGMAN. Whatever reason may have
existed for the passage of such a law does not ex-
ist at this time; and I feel authorized to say that
the gentleman at the head of the Department, at
whose instance it came from the Senate, does not
desire its passage. I move that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
BENEVOLENT CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
An act (S. No. 97) to incorporate the Benevo-
lent Christian Association of Washington city.
Referred to tiie Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION.
An act (No. 99) to amend the " Act to incor-
porate the Columbian Institution for the instruc-
tion of tile deaf and dumb and the blind," ap-
proved February 16, 1857. Referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
GONZAGA COLLEGE.
An act (No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga Col-
lege, in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia.
Mr. KELLY. 'I trust that bill may now be put
upon its passage. It is a biil to which no one
will have any objection. It was brought before
this House in February, and relates solely to a
matter concerning the District of Columbia. I
move that it be put upon its third reading.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. KELLY. I had the floor, and the gentle-
man cannot take it from me to make a motion. I
call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman had yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was of opinion
that the gentleman from New York had yielded
the floor, or of course he would not have recog-
nized the gentleman from Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman had not surrendered the floor, the gentle-
man from Kentucky could not have made the
motion.
Mr. KELLY. Very well, I will not object.
I move to refer the bill to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
LIABILITY OP SHIP-OWNERS.
An act (S. No. 77) to amend an act entitled
"An act to limit the liability of ship-owners, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 1851.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill be read a
third time, and put upon its passage.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE. I move the previous question on
my motion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I thought
■I was recognized to make a motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
House will not sustain the previous question. It
is an important bill, and ought to go to a com-
mittee.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw my motion, and move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
ROME ARSENAL.
An act (S. No. 170) to grant Rome arsenal
to the State of New York, on certain conditions.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PROCESS IN THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the issuing,
service, and return of original and final process in
the circuit and district courts of the United States
in certain cases. Referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN VERMONT.
An act (S. No. Ill) to alter the time'of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Vermont. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PROVIDENT CLERKS' ASSOCIATION.
An act (No. 151) further to amend the act
entitled " An act to incorporate the Provident
Association of Clerks in the civil departments of
the Government of the United States, in the. Dis-
trict of Columbia. Referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN UTAH.
A resolution (No. 23) providing for the pay-
ment of certain expenses of holding the United
States courts in the Territory of Utah. Referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
WILLIAM ALLEN.
An act (No. 117) for the relief of William Al-
len, of Portland, in the State of Maine. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a national fonndery at HarrisburgorLebanon, in
the State of Pennsylvania.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a bill
on the table to condemn lands needed for the
Washington aqueduct?
The SPEAKER. There is such a bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The superintend-
ent of the work was here a few days ago, and
spoke to me on this subject. It is very important
to the progress of the work that this bill shall pass
immediately. There is some land owned by mi-
nors, married women, and others, of which the
Government cannot get the title except such a bill
be passed. I ask that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that there are only four or five more Senate bills
on the table;and perhaps they can be all disposed
of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well.
LIEUTENANT WILLIAM N. JEFFERS.
Joint resolution (S. No. 24) authorizing Lieu-
tenant William N. Jeffers to accept a sword of
honor from her Majesty the Q.ucen of Spain.
The resolution gives the assent of Congress to
the acceptance, by Lieutenant William N. Jeffers,
of the Navy of the United States, of a sword of
honor presented to him through the Department
'of State by her Majesty the Glueen of Spain, as
an acknowledgment of the very efficient assist-
ance given by him and his vessel to the Spanish
schooner Cartajena, in the waters of Parana, om
the 26th, 27th, and 28th of October, 1855.
Mr. FLORENCE moved the previous question
on the third reading of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the joint resolution was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES L. DONALDSON.
An act (S. No. 145) for the relief of Brevet Ma-
jor James L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster
of the United States Army. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Joint resolution (S. No. 17) explanatory of the
joint resolution giving an increased compensa-
tion to all laborers in the employment of the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment in the city of Washington, approved
August 18, 1856. Referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
JEREMIAH Y. DASHIELL.
An act (S. No. 202) for the relief of Jeremiah
Y. Daslnell, pay master in the U mted States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
An act (S. No. 197) to acquire certain lands
needed for the Washington aqueduct, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso. - It makes provis-
ions for the acquirement by the Government of
the United States of lands needed for the construc-
tion of the Washington aqueduct, held by per-
sons who require unreasonable compensation
therefor, by minors, femes coverts, persons non
compos mentis, and persons residing out of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. IvEITT. I see that there is a provision
in that bill for condemning valuable lands. I wish
to know if that provision is limited to the District
of Columbia?
A Member. It is.
Mr. KE1TT. Then I have no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 demand the previous
question on the passage of the biil. It seems to be
conceded on all sides that it ought to be passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the previous
question will not be pressed upon this bill. It is
one of the most serious import—one, to be sure,
of beneficial purpose, but one which, as it contem-
plates the disruption of private interests, should
certainly not be passed under the pressure of the
previous question. I think that there are many
provisions in it which should be referred to some
committee for consideration. I move, therefore,
that the bill be referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion pending the demand for the previous
question.
