396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr, Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
which they repelled the charge of a want of fidel-
ity in their presidential candidate to this policy,
defeated the inflexible Fremont, and elected the
supple Buchanan. Butfor these reiterated pledges,
the so-called Democratic party would have been
defeated in every free State in this Union. Had
the people of Pennsylvania dreamed, in the fall
of lb56, that the chief business of the first eight
months of a Buchanan Administration would be
wheedling and dividing the free-State men of Kan-
eas, and then, by fraud and force, securing the
apparent adoption of a pro-slavery constitution;
and that, during five weary months of this Con-
gress, the whole Federal power and patronage
would £>e prostituted to forcing upon that people
a government which they abhor; and that, failing
to do this directly, it would try to effect it by a
dark and devious policy, as deceptive as it is des-
picable—I say, had the people of the land of Penn
and Franklin dreamed that such would be the
Kansas policy of Mr. Buchanan, they would have
beaten the Democratic ticket in the "Keystone
State" by thousands upon thousands.
I repeat, then, that not only will the people of
the North scourge this Administration for what
it has done and attempted to do in respect to Kan-
sas, but they will compare the record of its actual
jieeds with the pledges it made when asking public
confidence, and will mete out punishment accord-
ingly. Human nature always feels more indig-
nant at being circumvented by trickery and hypoc-
risy than at being beaten in open, manly conflict.
Cornwallis, who drove Greene before him in fair,
manly battle, is a name honored even in America;
while that of Arnold, who, by false tokens, ob-
tained the command of West Point that he might
betray it to the enemy, is the synonym of false-
hood and treachery the world over.
The Republicans, who asserted that Buchanan
would ply all his arts to make Kansas a slave
State, and would prove the most ready tool of the
negro oligarchy that ever occupied the presiden-
tial chair, have not been deceived. Their predic-
tions have been verified. Their present hostility
to his Administration is natural. The assault they
will make upon it hereafter will only be the war-
fare of consistent foes.
But what name shall I give to that summary
punishment which thousands upon thousands of
betrayed Democrats are eager to inflict upon the
Administration at the earliest opportunity; men
who were honest in their pledges of " free Kan-
sas,"who promptly indorsed the promises of
party leaders in the great contest of who
implicitly relied upon the sincerity of their presi-
dential cnief? Cheated by their leaders, betrayed
by theirchief, taunted by an incensed people, they
will deride the man, and repudiate the party that
has deceived and disgraced them.
Sore and sure as will be the chastisement that
this large class will inflict upon the Administra-
tion, it will bo mildness and mercy itself, when
compared with the terrible retribution that another
portion of Mr, Buchanan's supporters have in
store for him and his retainers. I allude to that
most respectable body of them called " conserv-
atives, " "old-line Whigs," or " no-party men.'1
In the very crisis of the contest, they threw their
weight into the trembling balance, and awarded
him the victory. Towards the close of the con-
flict it assumed such a shape as to give these men
great influence .over the result. Kspecially was
this true in the preliminary October election m
Pennsylvania, the pivot on which the whole can-
vass finally turned. These gentleman weie, no
doubt, partly influenced to join the standard of
Buchanan by his \punted respectability of char-
acter, his mature iige, his great experience in pub-
lic affairs, his gravity of visage, dress, and de-
meanor. They could not doubt that so venerable
a personagemustbeaconservative. I have always
thoughtthat the white cravat and doctor-of-divm-
ity like air in general, of the Wheatland sage had
not a little to do in luring to his support this high
minded and somewhat aristocratic body of men.
But the chief motive that influenced them, prob-
ably, was his express and implied promise, that
he would deal fairly by Kansas; that he would
rebuke pro-slavery "fanaticism," as well as "ab-
olitionism;" that he would set his face against
sectionalism;" that he would not wink at "fili-
bustering" on the ocean, nor "border-ruffianism"
on the land. They believed most sincerely, that
should a state of things arise in Kansas such as
has now involved her affairs in a net-work of
frauds, perjuries, forgeries, ballot-box stuffing,
and rascalities of all sorts, Mr. Buchanan was the
very man to crush such crimes with the weight
of his authority, and to vindicate the cause of
justice, honesty, and fair dealing in that Terri-
tory.
That these conservative gentlemen, whose votes
turned the scale in favor of Buchanan, have been
most woefully deceived in him, is beyond all
question. That their pride of character has been
deeply wounded at finding themselves classified
among the supporters of an Administration that
protects and honors thieves, forgers, ballot-box
stuffers, and rogues in general, is very certain.
That their pride of opinion has been sorely mor-
tified at being duped by the Pecksmffian morality
of the author of the Connecticut clerical epistle,
is most true. Men thus galled in their tenderest
points will not only embrace the first opportunity
to dissolve this uncongenial alliance, but will take
swift vengeance upon those who wheedled them
into such position. Of all the ingredients of that
retribution which is soon to be poured out upon
the pro-slavery Democracy ofthe North, the most
bitter, the most destructive will be the hot indig-
nation of these cheated "conservatives," these
deluded " old-line Whigs," these betrayed " no-
party men."
The gathering in the political heavens is omin-
ous of the coming storm. The tempest that swept
the free States m the autumn of 1854, when the
people visited their wrath upon the party that had
just " removed the old landmarks" by obliterat-
ing the slavery prohibition of the Missouri com-
piomisc; and the tornado that careered through
the North two years afterwards, prostrating so
many aspiring men, and, though not wholly suc-
cessful in its objects, yet most salutary even in its
partial effects, and full of hope for the future, will
prove to be but gentle gales when compared with
that retributive hurricane which,in the approach-
ing autumn, will scathe the Lecompton Democ-
racy as with the benom of destruction.
Are we mistaken in the signs of the times?
Turning the eye towards the setting sun, can wo
doubt that the young State lying beyond the
Sierra Nevada will sustain her able representa-
tives in the Senate and in this House in their op-
position to the Lecompton fraud ? As to the five
growing States of the Northwest, which were
saved to perpetual liberty by the immortal ordi-
nance of 1787; and the State, not less prosperous,
which was consecrated to freedom forever by the
Missouri compromise; and the vigorous new
State just admittul to the Union, will they not
all vindicate the cause of free labor by sending a
delegation to the next Congress that will be a
unit on questions like those which have divided
men and rent parties duiing the present session?
As to Pennsylvania, her favorite son has as-
cended to power, lie has disappointed her hopes,
lie has soured her spirit. The charm is gone.
The spell is broken. She will break her chains
and stand forth redeemed, emancipated, and dis-
enthralled. Let him whodoubts this, ponder the
result of the recent election in Philadelphia, and
be assured that what has been done in May on
the banks of the Delaware and Schuylkill, will in
October be repeated on the banks of the Susque-
hanna, the Juniata, the Monongahela, the Alle-
ghany, and the Ohio. As New Jersey suffered
with Pennsylvania in the struggle, and shared
with her in the triumph of the Revolution, so, too,
has she generally followed the lead of that great
State in all political changes; and so will she now.
It would also be belying the whole history of New
York, a State that gave to the war of Independence
the sword of a Schuyler and a Hamilton-—that
gave to the constitutional era the pen of a Jay
and a Livingston—and that has given to the coun-
sels of the Republic and the cause of freedom the
services of a King, a Clinton, a Tompkins, and a
Wright, to question that in a crisis like this she
will cast her " Empire" weight into the scale of
liberty.
I hardly need speak for New England; for since
this Congress has been in session she has begun
to speak for herself. The emphatic voice of New
Hampshire, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, re-
cently uttered against this Lecompton crime, will
in due time be reiterated by Vermont, Maine, and
Massachusetts. Those w]jo now misrepresent
the sentiment of New England in these Halls will
soon have leave of absence. They will not ap-
pear here at the next Congress, nor will anybody
of like faith succeed to their seats. " The places
which now know them will know them no more
forever." No human being outside of a nursery
or a lunatic asylum doubts that, in the next Con-
gress, glorious New England will present an un-
broken front in the cause of freedom.
Speaking for my own State, I can certify to her
fidelity. When her own son, sitting in the pres-
idential chair, forced upon the country the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, she turned her back scornfully
upon him, and set her feet indignantly upon his
Administration. But so much more does she de-
test the policy of James Buchanan, that in com-
parison therewith she is beginning to look upon
that of Franklin Pierce with a feeling akin to com-
placency. I know the people of New Hampshire
well. Her White Mountains arc not more firmly-
rooted to the earth than her sons are grounded in
the cause of civil and religious freedom. In that
most solemn and eventful hour of the Republic,
on that memorable 4th of July, 1776, her Repre-
sentatives in Congress were the first to vote for
the Declaration of Independence; and her people
will be the last to abandon the principles of that
immortal charter of human rights. Whoever else
falters in the hour of trial, they will be found
faithful. Whenever the trumpet calls to battle,
they will rally to the standard; and
" From their tall mountains to the sea,
One voicc shall thunder, We are free !"
ORIGIN OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. PHILEMON BLISS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The House being ia the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BLISS said:
Mr. Chairman: During the crowded Lecomp-
ton debate, I refrained from seeking the floor,
chiefly because I desired to see the new oppo-
nents of the Kansas outrages, and especially my
colleagues, learn to stand and, if possible, to walk
alone; and also because the subject itself was one
I could with great difficulty coolly consider. I
could reason with a highwayman, if I had no
rfiorc effective weapon; I might also remonstrate
with a pickpocket; but I could find no fit words for
discussing, in a republican representative body,
the propriety of forcing a dark despotism upon a
protesting people, upon one of our own young
States, especially as this was to be done in the
name of Democracy and of " popular sovereign-
ty." If the statement ofthe proposition would not
carry its own damnation, no parliamentary lan-
guage of mine could fitly describe it; and the mind
that could fora moment entertain it, is entirely be-
yond my reach.
And when the Administration and its masters,
foiled in the naked wickedness, incubated with
those whose plighted faith, if not their principles,
should have been their guard, and hatched the
nasty substitute—a substitute establishing the
principle of non-submission, while claiming to pro-
vide for its effect, though coupled with conditions
fraud-invitingand deeply insulting to Kansas, to
freedom, and the North—I watched the new-born
men to see whether a soul had been actually given
them. More in pity than in anger, I saw them fait
before they had well learned to stand; saw them,
with mouths full of valiant words, swallow naked
and degrading insults; saw them yield to a dom-
inant absolutism, though not a complete, yet a
real, and to us and them degrading victory.
By a lawless enforcement of lawless dicta, sla-
vei^-exists in all the Territories; and we have
now the precedent that such Territory may at any
time become a slave State; but, if it cannot be
forced or bribed to receive a.slave constitution, it
must continue a slave Territory; must wait for the
last jot and tittle of preliminary requirement.
I had faintly hoped to have been spared this
