1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. op Reps.
cup of degradation; but wfiy should I ? Ever since
the slave interest has succeeded in overriding
every other interest; ever since the enemies of
free labor, the contemners of free speech, the as-
sassins of free thought, have established the reign
of terror in nearly half these States, have I seen
but a single purpose, a " one idea," an absorbing'
object, prompting and guiding their every scheme.
Gentlemen seem astonished at the bald wick-
edness of striving to force upon an unwilling, a
protesting people, a despotic fundamental law,
and the balder meanness of tendering them a bribe
and a threat to receive what could not thus be
forced. Yet, where the end is the supremacy of
force, where that end has been for years the steady,
unremitted object, with no variableness, and scarce
a shadow of turning, how can we wonder? Shall
the means be more holy than the end? The Le-
compton scheme of fraud and usurpation, the pre-
paratory outrages—the forays, the robberies, the
turnings, the imprisonments, the murders—all
perpetrated by, or under the eye of, Federal offi-
cials; all sustained, directly or indirectly, by Fed-
eral bayonets, and the disgraceful finale, may well
astonish and alarm ! Yet they are but acts in the
one grand drama.
The success of these champions of force is no
less surprising. Representing but a section of
this Union, and that section, from the blighting
influence of their rule, comparatively weak and
poverty stricken,men wonder to see them able to
control the federation and realize every sectional
scheme; able to give a construction to the funda-
mental law one way against the wants of com-
merce, of creative art, and the necessities of per-
sonal protection, and another way m favor of
despotic interests; to see them make solemn con-
tracts to subserve such interests, and break them
for the same end; to see them able to sectionalize
and pack the supreme judiciary; to strike down
the habeas corpus and trial by jury; to involve us
in war upon the weak to rob territory for slavery,
while yielding to the strong that which was free,
and to which " our title was clear and unques-
tionable;" to see them able to proscribe all high-
minded men,driving from the public service those
of all sections who believe m the harmony of the
Decalogue, the Declaration, and the Constitution
—making tests that would have excluded Frank-
lin and Jefferson and Jay from the pettiest office;
to see them make cringing slaves of northern
boasters, dooming to the curse of the serpent,
" upon thy belly shalt thou crawl," every appli-
cant for Federal favor; to see them cause in this
Hall parliamentary law, respected upon other
questions, to be so often overthrown upon ques-
tions ofslavery; and make the courts of the federa-
tion, eager and bloodthirsty after a fugitive from i
servitude, powerless against the piratical apos- 1
ties of foreign propagandists. Men, too, wonder,
ay, they are sore amazed, to see the apostles of
force able to place this Government in league with
conspirators against one of its Territories, sus-
taining them in ballot-stuffings, forgeries, and
every political crime known among men, to cause
it to employ all its powers to fasten upon this
Territory a form of State government it loathes
and detests, giving as the chief reason for the
damning crime the fact that it does thus detest it!
Ay, and their wonder grows to astonishment as
they behold Representatives of spasmodic virtue
glad to be permitted to aid to the fell end by
bribes, by threats, and by invited frauds!
Whence this omnipotence for evil? Yftt we
should not wonder. These are the necessary re-
sults of the different spirit and resolution, the dif-
ferent manner and purpose, that have hitherto
distinguished the controversies between the friends
and opponents, if opponents they may be called,
of human enslavement. The friends of abso-
lutism have been all will, all en-ergy, all perse-
verance in their work; while their opponents have
met them by temporizing, now expostulating,
now faintly resisting, and finally always yielding.
The former have seized a great idea as the basis
of their civilization; and steadily keeping it in
view, have subordinated every other considera-
tion. The latter, intent upon gain and peace in
its pursuit, have ignored all fixed principle, been
blind to any great end, and have substituted a
shuffling expediency for an enduring purpose.
The " I will" of the one is/met by the " please
don't" of the other; and " I'm afraid I can't" is
the bravest response to the grim '* you shall;"
and while the former have kept their representa-
tive men in the middle of the conflict, the latter
have sought to send into retirement all whose
earnestness of resistance has seemed to make real-
ity of the sham. Even the brave champions of
"the equality of the States" and "the sover-
eignty of the people," after consistency has been
made more safe than surrender, as they meet the
frown of the accustomed master, eagerly yield
both, by a dishonorable discrimination against a
free constitution, and by tendering a brave people
a bullying bribe to accept an oft-rejected slave one.
We often hear the shuffling and the inconstant
denounce the decided as abstractionists, as men
of mere ideas; and with blank self-complacency
congratulate themselves as devoted to the actual-
ities of life, and not its mere notions—as though
the ideal were not the only human actual—as
though the mere material wants of men were more
than those of the swine. The ruling idea shapes
all things. Before the world sprang forth from
the hand of the Creator—before tree or animal
assumed form—it first stood clearly out in His
mind, and he pronounced it good only as it re-
alized the ideal. So the artist, before he touches
the chisel, first elaborates and places the form on
its pedestal in his own mind; and his subsequent
labor is not for his own eyes, but to enable others
to see what to him is already more clear than it
can ever become to them. That form inspires to
virtue or lust, to devotion or sensuality, accord-
ing to the idea that inspires and guides the arm.
So with society, whether political or religious,
social or domestic. It is based upon an idea—
yea it is itself an idea, and its ends are but ideal—
and such society is a blessing or a curse; it civil-
izes or barbarizes; it promotes happiness or mis
ery, virtue or vice, holiness or sensualism, ac-
cording to these ends.
And we hear the same class of materialists de-
nounce the world's workers as "men of one
idea;" as though any man could breast the cur-
rent or stem the tide, could wake the sluggish luce,
give form to society, and soul and sentiment to
man; or even achieve those less difficult,though,
to vulgar eyes, more striking material triumphs
that send the steam engine along the mountain
slope, or the lightning upon its quiet post-boy
errands, who is not controlled by a leading, ab-
sorbing, all-conquering idea. A resolute purpose,
a steady zeal, must burn m his soul. An unsha-
ken constancy, a granite principle, a great ideal
end must take possession of him, must overpower
and drive out the seductions of indolence or sense,
must dispossess the idols that would preoccupy
or divert him, and bear him "onward, light on-
ward," to his goal, and with a steady momentum
that first excites the derision, next the wonder,
and finally takes captive the will of those around
him. Tell me who has the mostenduring purpose,
and, with anything like equality, I will tell you
who will conquer. The sure proscriptions of their
enemies, the derisions of the brainless, are the
certain tubute to their power; and if borne as he-
roes alone can bear them, the pledge of their tri-
umph. But I pray the scoffer to point me to the
achievements of those who are not men of one
idea; who have no controlling purpose, no fixed
faith, but are floats, tossed upon every wave,
waifs cast upon every shore, butterflies wafted
upon every breeze.
Were I to indulge in personal illustration, I
might point to men of my own section—men of
great opportunities, and who have become illus-
trious or an offense, according to their faith, then-
fixedness of puipose. I might instance our Web-
sters and Van Burens, who, seeing the right, spas-
modically struggled against the wrong: yet u lov-
ing the lap of Delilah more than the rough tents of
Israel," yielded to treacherous caresses, and be-
came but the sport of the common enemy. Those
who might have carved themselves a name on
which the hopeful would come from afar to look;
who might have given their country a faith;
bowed to the superior will of their enemies, and
are laid, and are waiting to belaid, in the forgotten
graves of the vulgar great.
I might also point to our Adams—and my col-
league will pardon me for adding our Giddings—
whose fidelity, whose will, amid storms of foes,
and, what so much more tries a great man's soul,
the shrinking of coward friends, boldly met,
breasted and overwhelmed the tyranny that had
stifled this House, and restored, what to lose is
to lose all—freedom of debate, to this, the peo-
ple's Hall. Ay,anci more; that will, that resold
tion, is taking captive the honest, the free masses
of the land, and the fresh impositions of mad
tyranny, instead of cowing and discouraging, but
inspire them to eager labor and patient waiting
for its sure overthrow.
I might also instance from the championst>f
force, from those who have fought so well in a
cause so bad, the name of Calhoun, the John Cal-
vin of the propaganda. Constant in his labor, un-
diverted by personal hopes or party ties, with
only a band, sc.arce a twelve, of acknowledged fol-
lowers in the national councils, he has finally, by
his fidelity and by his and their perseverance,fur-
nished the dogmas and controlled the action of
the party of absolutism. He affected no consis-
tency but in the one idea. He was pure in his
life, yet the apostle of svstematised violence, and
unchecked lewdness. He was clear in his logic,
yet he ran to the most opposite conclusions.
Starting out with the boldest and most outspoken
opposition to Democratic principles, he and his
followers have given laws to the Democratic party.
Holding the Union to be subject to the will, and
its measures to the veto of any State, they have
indirectly dictated the policy that makes States
but subject provinces, and their authorities the
sport of the pettiest Federal official. Constantly
talking of constitutions and laws, they as con-
stantly labor to turn back the tide of civilization,
and reenthrone the " law of the strong hand."
Yet there was method in all these inconsistencies,
a resolute purpose running through them, a will
that has wrenched from coward partisans the
stamp of State, and made current guineas of them
all.
i have often been surprised to see men appar-
ently so unconcious of the power of a great idea.
They would erect that most sublime of creations,
a just State, by appeals to mere pecuniary inter-
est, as though interest alone ever worked in that
direction, ever withstood the lower instincts—as
though, untempered by the sentiments, it ever
appealed but to the merest avarice. It needs a
high passion, a noble enthusiasm, an elevated
principle, to work the beneficent revolutions of
earth. True, our highest interests are in har-
mony with them, like the sympathy of the ele-
vated spirit and body. The body should be fed;
but " man lives not by bread alone."
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thayer,] himself distinguished for a great
—a Teutonic idealism—has told us of the power
of organized emigration. I deeply sympathize
with him and his idea, and only fear that he too
greatly relies upon mere interest. How long
would his Kansas emigration have stood the
bloody foray and the Federal frown, had it not
been recruited and sustained by the sentiment,
the idea, that burned in the northern mind > There
was no organization in the West, and yet, with-
out the aid of the men and women of the West,
impelled by their ideas, rather than interests, the
whole machinery of organized emigration would
have been impotent against the mad fan^cism
of the border.
Organized emigration, based upon the idea of
justice as well as interest, impelled by a gener-
ous enthusiasm, a passion to plant States whose
future will be great and stable, as embodyingand
looking to this great idea, will be, must be, suc-
cessful. But devoid of it, the quiet enthusiasm
that resolutely plants and patiently waits for the
sure and immortal growth, becomes the mad foray
that knows not to plant, but essays to build by
overthrow. That natural love of power and of
property, that, as tempered by justice, teaches
us to acquire influence over men by vindicating
their rights, and dominion over things by the pa-
tient accumulations of labor, without this guard,
inspires demagugism, bailot-stufftngs, and coup
d'etats, swindles, and embezzlements. Wherein
differed the colonists of Plymouth and Philadel-
phia, from those of Port au Prince and Mexico ?
or the founders of Lawrence from Buford's brig-
ands? Their interests were the same, and if in-
terest alone governed their conduct should have
