2460
out, and how are vou to supply the world with the
materials of life,"or the bieadstuffs necessary to
existence ' When lie is employed, he contributes
more or less to the support of all others, besides
furnishing them the reliable staff of life upon
which to lean.
Thus it is, Mr. President, that I am prepaid
to support this appropriation with constancy and
unyielding will, submitting to nothing but to the
voice of a'majority of this House. I never will
surrender the privilege of my people in this re-
spect; for it has been adopted by gentlemen as ca-
pable of construing the Constitution as Senators
around me are—adopted by them unchallenged.
It has grown into a useful branch ofthe Govern-
ment, and 1 am prepared to support it so long as
it is useful; find I stand on this floor to advocate
it as intimately connected with the general inter-
ests of the country, with 'he agricultural, the
mechanical, and,if'you please, the professional,
at least the culinary interests of the country. 1
believe that of all the means of distributing our
public money, when we have any to distribute)
ft is the most rational and most beneficial to the
general interests of the counti y.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall pursue this subject for
but a moment longer. The Senator from Georgia,
I have no doubt, is satisfied that he found me en-
tirely in fault as to the question of constitutional
authority,and as L could not find the word " seeds
in the Constitution, my Democracy seemed to be
in danger. In the extremity, I am indebted to
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] for
the best authority on this subject that I suppose
can be found, and on that authority 1 am willing
to rest this proposition. The authority from
"Which I propose to read, is the eighth annual
message of George Washington—pretty good au-
thority in 'his country on al! great questions, as
a patriot and a statesman. This message almost
describes the institution now m existence, of
which we have heard such violent complaint to-
day. It says:
'• It will not be dmihtrcl that, with reference either to in-
dividual m nrutonal welfare, agnctilunu is? < i pntnaty im-
portance. tu (>it>(>''>!tm n a« wiuoni advance n  puliation,
and other cireum-ianee-1 of mammy, Una tmih b.-eomes
more apparent, and lender* the cultivation ot tho soil more
and more tin oDjcet of public p:ttr.m-.vje. In-mtution* i< r
proinotiny it crow up, -upportcd by the public, purse. Among
the means which have been employed to tun end, none
have been intended with firuatcr Miccess than the establish-
ment of boards compiKid of pioper characters, chained
with coileenmi and dittoing information ; and enabled, nv
premiums and Mnull pecuniary aids, toencouia^eauda^i-t
a sph it ot'di-covei y and mipiovcment Thi> ^peeusot Ch-
tablislnneitt conti ib'-ite- douhlv to the increase ol improve-
ment, by ^nnui.mni,' to cnicrpii*e and evpenmcnt, ami bv
drawm* to a common center ilie icmiIi-, cvcrywhetc,ot in-
divxiii.il ^kili and ob-erv iiion, and spuMdmii them thence
over the whole nation. K\pcin-nce.aecoi<ini lv, lui^iiown
that they aie vet} cheap instiument.s ot' lmuiei^e national
t( I irive heirtofore piopo^ed, to the consideration of Con
cress, the expediency ot ^mbh^irngn national umvorniy;
and, al'.o, a tiiiiitarv acMdemy. Tin: de-nahlenc-.^ ot both
these iiMtifuitoni has so constantly increased with vvety
new view f have taken of the subject, that I cannot omit
the opportunity ol. once toi :i!l, locaHniji your attention to
them. The a^cmblv to which I addro-ii mv^elf m too en-
lightened not to !>«■> fully Heic-ible how much a iioini-hnig
state ot' the aits and sciences contributes to national pros-
perity and reputation."
Now, Mr. President, I shall not follow this
subject by any (iXtrndod remarks; the question
has been fully discussed; but il wanted to settle
the point of authority, to some PXtnnLof Democ-
racy, with my fiiomi from (.xoor^ta, It would
seem that 1 am attached to an institution which
the Senator is under impression is very (avoiably
regarded hv my Constituents, and that 1 must sus-
tain it in order to have popular favor. He has an
institution peculiarly agreeable to his people in
his part of t he country, i lie best authority 1 < ould
get was the opinion and advice of George Wash ,
in^ton; 1 a'^rcf that hisfavorito institution has us i
recognition and support jn the Constitution. I he j
difference tg, that mine is an institution for (lis- ;
tributni" seeds to promote agriculture, and Ins
all institution for the distributing of " niters
With the distribution of the seeds, the whole woik
has been performed, but in his case t he great trou-
ble is to gather them up again. 1 have assisted
r*k - i ti_ rrr\ ti> lip
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
as far as my humble influence would go m the
North, to perform that work of gat Idling up the
offspring of this institution, to which my friend
from Georgia is iu rio way improperly attac.ied,
"because I agree that it springs from the Constitu-
tion. I have exercised what influence I couid in
the North in returning what he or his favorite
institution has distributed throughout the coun-
try. But I shall dismiss the subject. I am per-
fectly aware that much that the Senator from
Georgia said was not at all serious, and certainly
no part of it was intended offensively.
Mr. HALE. It is very rarely, sir, that a debate
in the Senate is intended to influence the action
of members here, but K is made to enlighten the
country. 1 confess, however, that this debate has
enlightened my mind. 1 was at first inclined to
go against this appropriation, but the considera-
i tiofis which have been urged with so much force
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, I confess, have
weakened my convictions in that direction, and
have almost induced me to go for it. If the appeal
which he so powerfully and pathetically made to
the honorable Senator from Georgia has not moved
him, he must be impervious to eloquence and to
pathos. .
I think that the case which the Senator from
Pennsylvania lias presented is eminently just I
a^ree' entirely with what he says, when he de-
ciaros that in his course here he has not been
looking to popularity. 1 think that the whole
North, Pennsylvania no less than any other part
ofthe Union, will indorse his veracity, if nothing
else, when he declares that he has not been seek-
in"1 popularity; and when he appeals to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and tells htm what a hard road
the northern Democrats have had to travel, how
much they have had to saciidee and to face; and
then asks if, in return for all this, he cannot let
him have a few onion and gai lie seeds, [laughter,]
I confess if the Senator from Geoigia was riot
moved, I was. [Laughter.] 1 think it is teason-
able, and more tlian reasonable, even if lie had
asked for a little ot the vegetable full grown, but
when lie says: " Look at the jNorth, and see on
every side, and hear by every mail, proof that we
have not pandeied to popularity; see what wc
have suffeied ill your behalf; when you see all
that, and see that we are not exorbitant, we do
not ask any ollices; take your foieiicn missions,
and distribute tlicm where they appropriately be-
long; Lake the federal 1 icasuiy, and use it; but
when we go home to an outraged constituency,
will you be so illiberal as not to let us carry a few
onion seeds, a little garlic, and now and then a
cabbage, [laughter,] so that our constituency may
be inclined to wink a little at the course we have
taken on this great quest ion, upon winch we have
sacnficcd so much for you?" I confess that oven
if 1 had suchstiict mies as the Senatot from Geor-
gia ennrtains upon the Constitution, when such
an appeal as that came trom such a source, the
" nIrln bower" of the Administration, not asking
to Lake the "ace," or anything else, but simply
a 11tile onion seed—a vegi table that, under pecu-
liar states of application, is calculated to produce
tears—[laughter] —cannot you lit us go home
and cry with our constituents over what we have
done? 1 do not want to be personal, but I appeal
to the honorable Senator from Geoigia,aod 1 ask
him—1 can ask him, for we have always been on
friendly relations 
Mr. OIGLER. Allow me. I have no idea at
all that tho Senator intends to be personal.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no.
Mr. BIGLER. But he uses terms which I do
not understand; talking about the 1,4 ri^ht bower"
and 14 ace,'' and al I that sort of thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I do not understand
them; but I thought the Senator did, because the
Senator from Georgia spoke of it, and he seemed
to understand it then. [Laughter.] I do notun-
doistand them; but 1 suppose it is parliamentary,
highly so, [laughter,] or else it would not have
been intiodue.nL I do not know what the " right
bower" is. i suppose it is a naval \knave-al] term,
[laughter,] or something of that tort.
But 1 was proceeding. The Senator from Geor-
gia and myseli do not agi ee on political questions*,
we have diflered; but, i believe, in our social in-
tercourse we have never had any difficulty, and
whenever it has been in my way—1 do not know
that lever had an opportunity whete it was in my
power to do him a slight favor, but if it was the
case—I would do it; but it he has the slightest
personal regard for me, 1 beg to throw it inw the
same scale where the eloquence and pathos ot the
| Senator from Pennsylvania have gone before me,
i and both together wo ask for—a little onion seed,
i [Laughter,] Can he, under these circumstances,
' resist? No, sir.
I am as strict a constructionist of the Constitu-
tion as any, not excepting the honorable Sena-
tor before me, [Mr. Toombs;] but I have read all
the platforms, and I suggest to the Senator from
Georgia that he is a little too fast, i think, con-
sidering what has been done, we may continue to
vote these seeds, at least until the Charleston con-
vention siis;and then, I have no doubt, after these
developments, there will be a new resolution that
will cutoff these seeds, and that onions will be
unconstitutional ever after. [Laughter.] But
until that is done, until that proviso is put in,
I think the faith Jul may construe the provisions
of the Constitution and the Cincmnaii platform
as the honorable Senator fiom Pennsylvania has
suggested. I think we may construe them with-
out straining the Constitution any more to buy
onion seeds than it does to catch runaway slaves.
I guess when you find a provision in the Consti-
tution that there is a mode to take money out of
the Federal Treasury to pay for returning fugi-
tive slaves, you will find also the provision that
a little sum may be paid for onion seed. Until
a clause forbidding it comes either in the Con-
stitution or the Charleston convention, let us have
the seed; but 1 have no doubt that it will be un-
constitutional after that convention sits.
Mr. PUGH. I am not going into this largo
collateral discussion, and I am sorry that my mo-
tion should have produced it. Tho Senator from
Georgia has diverged into rivers and harbors; the
Senator from Pennsylvania has given us an im-
passioned defense of his Democracy; my friend
from Texas lias indulged us in a general dis 'ourse,
and the Senator fiom New Hampshire has done
likewise. Now, sir, I simply propose to coirect
one or two mistakes of fact. This is not an es-
tablished practice. At the first session of thelast
Congress the appropriation reported was £,90,000.
It was originally established upon a pietext of
this character: that some of our ships of war visit-
ing foreign countries occasionally brought home
some rare seeds, such as we had none like in this
country, and that a small appropriation would en-
able those seeds to be distributed to various agri-
cultural societies; and the first appropriation was
only $2,U00, and it is a very few yeais old. As I
said, at the first session of the last Congress tho
appropriation reported was $20,000; but on the mo-
tion of some member of the other House, not a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
it was increased to $60,000. When it came to this
body it was increased to *>75,000, on the allegation
that £15,000 more was necessary for buying^and
distributing sugar-cane, ^opposed it then. Tho
answer was that wo had a full Treasury, that wo
had more money than the Government needed,
and that it was wiser to distribute it among the
people m this way. Now we have come to a timo
when we need retienchment. The Senator from
Pennsylvania talks about the sixty or seventy
millions of our expenses. Where shall we re-
trench? I have looked m vain for lnm, as tho
special representative of this Administration, to
tell me, as one of the members of Congress, where
I shall put the knife of retrenchment. I iistened
on the Indian appropriation bill, but the Senator
could not tell me a place where 1 could retrench a
cent there. I listened on the diplomatic and con-
sular appropriation bill—no retrenchment there;
and yet, sir, we have bonowed $20,000,000 on
Tieasury notes, and have passed a bill to borrow
$15,000,000 on coupon bonds; and so we go on,
and as often as we come from one proposition to
another, and ask," cannot this be dispensed with,
at least until we are able to pay our debts?" wo
are told, this is a very little thing, let it pass.
Now, sir, it is not a little thing. It is an un-
necessary thing. I do not say whether it is con-
stitutional or unconstitutional; I need not go into
that argument. It is unnecessary. If you dis-
pense with it, you not merely dispense with the
expenditure of $60,000 here named, but avast
amount besides; you dispense with the services
1 of three or four employes in the Patent Office; you.
} get rid of them; you get rid of the freight and
' transportation and commissions of agents; you
] get rid of the enormous expenditures ofthe trans-
i portation ofthe mails. I had occasion to read the
i debates of the Federal convention the other day,
! and 1 discovered that the Post. Offi *e Department
} was given to the Federal Government as a souico
: of revenue. It was put on that foundation that
I we could derive a revenue from postages; apa
