14S6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
form for themselves a constitution and State government,
which said constitution is republican, and said convention
having asked the admission of said Territory into the Union
as a State on an equal footing with the original States-
ide it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the State of Kansas shall be, and is hereby declared to be,
one of the United States of America, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with theoriginal States,in'all re-
spects whatever. And the said State shall consist of all
the territory included within the following boundaries, to
wit: beginning at a point on the western boundary of the
State of Missouri, where the thirty-seventh parallel c?f lat-
itude crosses the same ; thence west on said parallel to the
eastern boundary of New Mexico; thence north on said
boundary to latitude thirty-eight; thence following said
boundary westward to the eastern boundary of the Territory
of Utah, on the summit of the Rocky Mountains; thence
northward on said summit to the fortieth paiallel of lati-
tude ; thence east on said parallel to the western boundary
of the State of Missouri; thence south with the western
boundary of said State to the place of beginning: Prodded,
That nothing herein contained respecting the boundary of
said State shall be construed to impair the rights of person
or property now pertaining to the Indians m said Territory,
so long as such rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty
between the United Slates and such Indians, or to include
any territory which, by treaty with such Indian tribe, is not
without the consent of such tribe to be included within the
territorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory;
but all such territory shall be excepted out of the bound-
aries, and constitute no pait of the State of Kansas, until
said tribe shall signify their assent to the President of the
United States to be included within said State, or to affect
thft authority of the Government of the United States to
make any regulation respecting such Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or otherwise, winch
it would have been competent to make if tins act had not
been pa sed.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted. That the State of Kan-
sas is admitted into'the Union upon the express condition
that said State t-hall never interfere with the pi ituary dis-
posal of the public lands, or with any regulations which
Congress may find necessaiy for seeming ihc title in said
lands to the bona fide purchasers and grantees thereof, or
impose or levy any tav, assessment, or imposition of any
description whatever upon them, or other propeityof the
United States, within the limits of said State; and that
nothing in this act, shall be constiuod to abridge or infringe
any right of the people asserted in the constitution of Kan-
sas at all tunes to alter, reform, or abolish their foim of
government in such manner as they may thmk proper, Con-
gress hereby disclaiming any authority to interf'eic or declare
the construction of the constitution of any State, except to
sec that it be republican m torm, and not in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States ; and nothing in this
net shall be construed as an assent by Congress to all or to
any of the propositions or claims contained m the ordinance
annexed to the said constitution of the people of Kansas,
nor to deprive the said State of Kansas of the same giant*,
if hereafter made, which were contained in ihc act of Con-
gress, entitled " An act to authorize the people of the Tern
tory of Minnesota to form a constitution and State govern-
mcnt, preparatory to admission into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States," approved Febiuary26,
1857.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That until the next
general census shall be taken, and an apportionment of rep-
resentation made, the State of Kansas shall be entitled to
one Representative ui the Ilou&e of Representatives of the
United States.
Sec. 4. And he it further enactcd, That from and after
the admission of the State of Kansas as hereinbefore pio-
vided, all the laws of the UniKd Stales which are not
locally inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect
within that State as any other State of the Union; and the
said State is hereby constituted a judicial district of the
United Suites, within which a district contt, with the like
power and jurisdiction as the dwiiet comt of the United
States for the district of Iowa, shall be established. The
judge, attorney, and maishal, of the United States for the
said distnct of Kansas, shall reside within the same, and
shall be entitled to the same compensation as the judge,
attorney, and marshal, of the district of Iowa.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 95, nays 137; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, BiHinghurst,
Bmgham, Blair, lilies, Brayton, Bufiinton, Burhngame, Bur-
roughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Clfii k 15. Cochrane, Colfax, Comma, Covode, Cra-
gin, Curtis, DamrcH, Davis of.Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger,
Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L, Harris, Hick-
man, Iloaid, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kolsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C.Kunkel, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy, Matteson,
Morgan, Mm nil, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morscj
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee. Ritchie,
Itobbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Judson VV. Sher-
man, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Is-
rael Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdule, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, ]
Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Horace F. Clark, .
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Coch- !
rane, Cockerill, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, !
Crawfoid, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmiek, Dowdell, j
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
Foley, Garnett.Gartrell,Gilhs,Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood,
Gregg^ Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, J. Morrison Harris,
Ilaskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes,
Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Giancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkcl,
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidv, Letcher, Maclay, Mc-
Kibbm, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Mar-
shall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgom-
ery, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly,
Ricaud, Ruffm, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott,
Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Hemy M. Shaw. Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Tuppe,
Underwood, Waid, Wauen, Watkins, White, Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson, Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and ZollicofFer—137.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COX said, I vote in the negative, with the
view of having the bill radically amended.
Mr. BURNETT. I objcct to debate.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEA.KgR. The motion to rcject the bill
^having been negatived, second reading of the
Senate bill.
The bill was accordingly read a second time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. It is not ray
purpose to discuss this bill. 1 understand that
the opponents of the bill have agreed to a proposi-
tion which they wish to offer as a substitute. I
am willing to allow that proposition to be offered.
The gentleman who is to offer it, [Mr. Mont-
gomery,] I understand, desires a few moments
to explain the provisions of the amendment.
My friend upon my right [Mr. Qjjitman] also
has a substitute which he proposes to offer for the
amendment to be offered by the opponents of this
bill. I am williug to yield for that purpose also.
I now yield, temporarily, to allow the amend-
ments of the opponents of this bill to be offered.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting the following:
That the State of Kansas be, and i^ hereby, admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the ougimil States in,all
respects whatever; but, inasmuch as it is gieatly disputed
Whether the constitution framed at Leeompton on the 7th
day of November last, and now pending before Congress,
was fairly made, or expressed the will of the people of
Kansas, this admission of her into the Union as a State is
here declaicd to be upon this fundamental condition prece-
dent, namely: that the said constitutional instrument shall
be first submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas, and as-
sented to by them, or a majority of the voters, at an election
to be held foi the purpose; and as soon a* such assent shall
be given, and duly made known, by a majority of the com-
missioners herein appointed,to the Presidentof the United
States, he shall announce the same by proclamation; and
thereattcr,and without any further proceedings on the part
of Congress, the admission of said State of Kansas into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original States, in all
1 respects whatever, shall be complete and absolute. At the
said election the voting shall be by ballot, and by indoising
on liis ballot, as each voter may please, " for the constitu-
tion,'' or " against the constitution." Should the said con-
stitution be rejected at the said election by a majority of
votes being cast against it, then, and in that event, the in-
habitants ot' said Temtoiy are hereby authorized and em-
powered to form for themselves a constitution and State
government by the name of the State of Kansas, according
to the Federal Constitution, and to that end may elect del-
egates to a convention a« hereinafter provided
Sec 2. And be it farther enacted, That the said State of
Kansas shall have concuirent jurisdiction on the Missouri
and all other rivers and waters bordering on the said State
of Kansas, so far as the same shall form a common bound-
ary to said State and any other State or States now or here-
after to be formed or bounded by the same; and said livers
and waters, and all the navigable waters of said State, shall
be common highways and forever fiee,aswell to the in hab-
itants of said State as to all other citizens of the United
States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll therefor.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enactcd, That, for the purpose
of insuring, as far as possible, that the elections authorized
by this act may be fair and free, the Governor and Secretary
of the Territory of Kansas, and the presidtng olficers of the
two branches ol its Legislature, namely, the Presidentof the
Council and Speaker of the House of llepiesentatives, are
hereby constituted a boatd of commissioners to cairy into
effect the provisions of this act, and to use all the means
necessary and proper to that end. Any three of them shall
constitute a board; and the board shall have power and au-
thonty, in respect to each and all of the clecuons hereby
authorized or provided for, to designate and establish pre-
cincts for voting, or to adopt those already established ; to
cause polls to be opened at such places as it may deem
proper in the respective counties and election precincts of
said Territory; to appoint, as judges of election, at each of
the several places of voting, three discieet and respectable
persons, any two of whom shall be competent to act; to
require the sheriffs of the several counties, by themselves or
deputies, to attend the judges at each of the places of voting,
for the purpose ot preserving peace and good order; or the
said board may, instead of said sheriffs and their deputies,
appoint, at their discretion, and in such instances as they
may choose, other lit peisons for the same purpose; and
when the purpose of the election is to elect delegates to a
convention to form a constitution, as hereinbefore provided
for, the number of delegates shall be sixty, and they shall
be apportioned by said board among the several counties of
said Territory, according to the number of voters; and in
making this apportionment, the board may join two or more
counties together to make an election or repiesentative dis-
trict, where neither of the said counties has the requisite
number of voters to entitle it to a delegate, or to join a
smaller to a larger county, having a surplus population,
where it may serve to equalize the representation. The
elections hereby authorized shall contmuc one day only,
and shall not be continued later than sundown on that day.
The said board shall appoint the day of election for each
of the elections hereby authorized, as the same may become
necessary. The said Governor shall announce, by procla-
mation, the day appointed for any one of said elections, and
the day shall be as earlya one as is consistent with due no-
tice thereof to the people of said Territory, subject to the
provisions of this act. The said board shall have full power
to prescribe the time, manner, and places of each of said
elections, and to direct the time and manner of the returns
thereof, which returns shall be made to the said board, whose
duty it shall be to announce the result by proclamation, and
to appoint therein as early a day as practicable for the del-
egates elected (where the election has been for delegates)
to assemble in convention at the seat of government of said
Territory. When so assembled, the convention shall first
determine, by a vote, whether it is the wish ofthe proposed
State to be admitted into the Union at that time ; and, if so,
shall proceed to form a constitution and take all necessary
steps for the establishment of a State government, m con-
formity with the Federal Constitution, subject to the ap-
proval and ratification of the people of the proposed State.
And the said convention shall accordingly provide for its
submission to the vote of the people for approval or rejec-
tion ; and if the majoiit.v of votes shall be given for the con-
stitution so framed as aforesaid, the Governor of the Terri-
tory shall, within twenty days after the result is known,
notify the President of the United States of the same. And
theieupon the President shall announce the same by proc-
lamation, and thereafter, and without any further proceed-
ings whatever on the part ofCongress, the admission of the
said State of Kansas into the Union, upon an equal fooling
with the original States in all respects whatever, shall be
complete and absolute. •
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in the elections
hereby authorized, all white male inhabitants of said Terri-
tory, over the ago of twenty-one years, who are legal voters
under the laws of the Terutory of Kansas, and none others,
shall be allowed to vole; and this shall be the only qualifi-
cation required to entitle the voter to the right of suffrage
m said elections. And if any person not so qualified shall
vote, or offer to vote, or if any person shall vote more than
once at either of said elections, or shall make, or cause to
be made, any false, fictitious, or fraudulent returns, or shall
alter or change any letui ns of either of said elections, such
person shall, upon conviction thereof before any court of
competent jui ^diction, be kept at hard labor not less than
six months, and not more than three years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactcd, That the members of
the aforesaid board of commissioners, and all persons ap-
pointed by them to carry into effect the piovisions of this
act, shall, before entering upon their duties, take an oath to
perform faithfully the duties of their respective offices, and
on failure thereof, they shall be liable and subject to the
same charges and penalties as are provided in like cases
under the territorial laws.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the officers men-
tioned in the preceding section shall receive for their ser-
vices the same compensation as is given for like services
under the terutorial laws.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said State of
Kaunas, when her admission as a State becomes complete
and absolute, shall be entitled to one member in the House
of Representatives, in the Congress of the United States,
till the next census be taken by the Federal Government.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enactcd, That the following
propositions be, and the same are hereby, offered to the said
people of Kansas for their free acceptance or rejection,
which, if accepted, shall be obligatoiy upon the United
States and upon the said State of Kansas, to wit: First,
That sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every
township of public lands in said State, and where either of
said section*, or any part thereof, has been sold or other-
wise been disposed of, other lands, equivalent thereto, and
as contiguous as may be, shall be granted to said State for
the use of schools. Second, That seventy-two sections of
land shall be set apart and reserved for the use and support
of a State university, to be selected by the Governor of said
State, subject to the approval of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and to be appropriated and applied in
such manner as the Legislature of said State may prescribe
for the purpose aforesaid, but for no other purpose. Third,
That ten entire sections of land, to be selected by the Gov-
ernor of said State, m legal subdivisions, shall be granted to
said State for the purpose of completing the public build-
ings, or for the erection of others at the seat of government,
under the diiection of the Legislature thereof. Fourth,
That all salt springs withmsaid State, not exceeding twelve
in number, with six sections of land adjoining, or as con-
tiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to said State for
its use; the same to be selected by the Governor thereof
within one year after the admission of said State, and when
so selected, to be used or disposed of on such terms, con-
ditions, and regulations, as the Legislature shall direct:
Provided, That no salt spring or land, the right whereof is
now vested in any individual or individuals, or which may
be hereafter confirmed oradjudged to any individual or in
dividuals, shall by this aitiele be gianted to said State.
Fifth, That five per centum ofthe net proceeds of sales of
all public lands lying within said State, which shall be sold
by Congress after the admission of said State in to the Union,
after deducting all the expenses incident to the same, shall
be paid to said State for the purpose of making public roads
and internal improvements, as the LegMatureshalldirect:
Provided, The foregoing propositions hereinbefore offered
are on the condition that the people of Kansas shall provide,
by an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the
United States, that said State shall never interfere with the
primary disposal ofthe soil within the same, by the United
States, or with any regulations Congress may find neces-
sary for securing the title in said soil to bona fide purchasers
