1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
thereof; and that no tax shall be imposed on lands belong-
ing to the United States, and that in no case shall noil-resi-
dent propuetors be taxed higher than residents. Sixth, And
that the t.aid State shall never tax the lands or the property
of the United States in that State: Provided,however, That
nothing m this act of admission shall be so construed as to
ratify or accept the ordinance attached to the said consti-
tution formed at Lecompton, but said ordinance is hereby
rejected by the United States.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. By an arrangement
made since the amendment was offered, it is un-
derstood that no remarks will be made by me upon
the subject. The bill is its own interpreter; it
speaks its own language.
I will state that 1 have furnished copies of the
amendment to every gentleman who has indicated
a desire to read it. I have a number of copies
yet left, and if any gentleman in the House de-
sires a copy he can be supplied by sending a page
for it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now yield
temporarily to the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. GLuitman,] that he may offer his proposi-
tion.
Mr. Q,UITMAN. I offer, as a substitute for
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Montgomery,] the Senate bill, with
the following words stricken from the second sec-
tion:
"And that nothing in this net shall be construed to
abridge 01 infringe any right of the people asserted in the
constitution of Kansas at all times to alter, rofoim,ot abol-
ish {heir form of government in surh manner as they may
think proper, Congress heieby disclaimmgany authority to
intervene or declare the construction of the con>titutiou of
any State, except to see that it be republican m form, and
not m conflict with the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. With the permission
of the gentleman, I desire to state that there is a
slight change in the amendment I have offered
from that of the printed amendment. The last
two lines of the printed amendment read, " at-
tached to said constitution; but said ordinance is
hereby rejected by the Government of the United
States." I have changed the language so that it
reads now, "attached to the said constitution
formed at Lecompton; but said ordinance is here-
by rejected by the United States." The error
was merely typographical.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I propose,
before the vote is taken upon either substitute, to
amend the original bill as it came from the Sen-
ate, by moving to strike out from that bill the
same words which are excluded by the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
has the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot yield
for any such purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. I understand that it is
now the intention of the gentleman from Georgia
to move the previous question; 1 would like to ask
the Chair whether, m case the previous question
is sustained, it will be in order to move an amend-
ment to the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained an amendment would not be m order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I then ask the gentleman
from Georgia to yield the floor to me for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment to that substitute.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is it?
Mr. PENDLETON. It is to strike out certain
words from the fourth section of the substitute.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Read them.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps the Chair can save
the gentleman the trouble, by stating that an
amendment to an amendment in the third degree
would not be in order.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia. The original
bill, which I think is the best that can be passed,
is before us; the amendment agreed upon, as I
understand, by the opponents to the original bill,
is also before us; the substitute for it offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi is also before us.
No other amendments, therefore, being in order,
I move the previous question, that we may come
to a fair vote.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want the
gentleman from Georgia to bear in mind, and the
record to show the fact, that the gentleman from
Georgia refuses to permit me to olfer the amend-
ment I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Georgia to give me the floor for
one moment that I may state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania the amendment which I pro-
pose to offer, and ask him to adopt it as part of
nis substitute.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. PENDLETON. The proposition which
I would have offered if I had the opportunity,
and which I now ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to adopt as a portion of his substitute is,
to strike from the fourth section of the substitute
the words "who are the legal voters under the
laws of the Territory of Kansas." The object
which I have in view in proposing this modifica-
tion is to allow the qualifications for voters at the
election to be held under it to be at least as liberal
as those prescribed in the Lecompton constitu-
tion, which are as fair as can be desired. I ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania if he is willing
to accept that as a part of his substitute ?
Mr MONTGOMERY. I am not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I ask the
previous question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I wish to state why I
do not receive the amendment proposed.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to debate.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PENDLETON asked for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only sev-
enteen members voting therefor.
The main question was ordered.
The first question now being on Mr. Quit-
man's amendment,
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I wish to know whether the ques-
tion is not now on substituting the amendment of
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Q,uitman]
for that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Montgomery:] in other words, if it is not a com-
petition between the Mississippi proposition and
the Pennsylvania proposition?
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi is offered as a substitute
for that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is to amend the original
bill before the question is taken on the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi offers his proposition as an amendment
to the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. There is no pending amendment
to the original bill, except the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 wish to ask a ques-
tion. If the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Mississippi be voted down, we will then be
brought to a direct vote on that of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays ICO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Hianch, Biyan, Burnett,
Caskie, John B. Clark. Clay, Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb,
Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Curry, l)av is of Mississippi, Dow-
dell, Edinuiidbon, Elliott. Euj-tis-, Fuulknui, Gainett, G.tr-
trell, Goode, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Keitt, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Letcher,
McQueen, Ma>on, Maynaid, Miles, Mill&on, Moore, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Rutfin, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales, Sewaid, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Single-
ton, William Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Watkms, Winslow,
Woodson, Augustus II. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zol-
hcoffer—752.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrani, Abl, Andrews, Arnold,
Bennett, Btilinglmr&t, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bray-
ton, Rutfinton, Bmhngame, Burns, Burroughs, Campbell,
Ca^e, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezia Clark, Horace F. Clark,
dawson, Claik B. Coclnane, John Cociira.jc, Oockerill,
Colfax, Comins, Corning, Covode, Cox, Cragin, James
Craig, Curtis, DamieH, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Eng-
lish, Farn*worth, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gid-
dings, Gillis, Gtlman, Cilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Grangei,
Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Giow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Robert B. Hall. Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L.
Hams, Ha^kiri, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Hughes, Iluyler, George W. Jones, J- Glaney Jones. Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kelsey, Kilgore, Kuapp, John C.
Kunkel, Land v, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Maclay, McKibbm. Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mattc-on, Miller, Montgomery, Moigan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Laac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse. Mott, Murray, Niblaek, NichoK Olm,
Palmer. Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Phillips P^e, Potter,
Pottle, Pumauee, Ready, ReiiSy, Rieaud. Ritchie, Robbing,
Robeits. Ro\ co., Russell, Scott. Sealing, Aaron Shaw, John
Sherman, Judsoa W. Sherman, Sickles, Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Sianton, Stephens, William
Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbridgre, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Ward, Warren, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, White, Whiteiey, Wilson,
Wood, and Wortendvke—160.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Montgomery's
substitute.
' The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 119; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Ril-
Imghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, B.ur-
lingame, Burioughs, Campbell, Ca> e, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Curtis,
Damreli, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
Giddings, Gihnan, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger,
Giocsbeck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Ilall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin,
Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence,
Loach, Leiter, Lovejoy, McKibhin, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgomery,Morgan, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Ri-
caud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Rovce, Aaron Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson,
Tompkins, UiuUywood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, CatlwaladerC. Washburn,EIlihuB. Washburne,Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Abl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Ava-
ry, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Eonham, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Jolm B.Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, liavis of
Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick, Dowdeil, Edmundson, EF-
liott, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Gillis,
Goode, Greenwood,Gregg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,George
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Lamar, Landy, Lcidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQucen, Mason,
Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Mooie, Niblaek, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Reiily,
Rufiiu, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Sealing,
Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Sam-
uel A Smith, William Smith, Stallwoith, Stephens, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Tay-
lor, Tnppc, Ward, Warren, Watkms, White, Whiteley,
Winslow, Woodson, Worfendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—112.
So the amendment was agreed to.
When the Speaker announced the result of the
vote there was considerable applause manifested
in the galleries, accompanied by hissing.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the galleries be
cleared.
Mr. McGlUEEN. Not the ladies * galleries.
Mr. KEITT. I mean the gentlemen's galleries.
I insist on the enforcement of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to remind
gentlemen in the galleries that they are not in a
theater; and if the disturbance be repeated, the
Chair will exercise the authority vested in him
: for ordering the Doorkeeper to clear the gentle-
[ men's galleries.
I Mr. HOUSTON. It would be a hardship to
clear the galleries of those gentlemen who behave
themselves.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot believe
that every gentleman in the gallery has been
guilty of the impropriety, or he would have at
once ordered the gentlemen's gallery to be cleared.
Mr. GROW. There was no objection when
the applause was on the other side.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MONTGOMERY". I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Btayton, Buffinton, Bur-,
lingamc, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, Horace F. Claik, Claws on, Clark B. Cochrane,
Cockeull, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Cragin. Curtis,
Damreli, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dirk, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, English, Farns-worth, Fenton^ Foley, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger,
Giocsbeck, Grow. Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Ilariis, Haskin, Hick-
man, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kilgore, Knapp, Jolm C  Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach,
Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Mor&e, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer,
