1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2461
now we s;o on an annual loss of almost a million
dollars in that Department. Instead of being a
source of revenue, it is a source of loss.
Mr. COLLAMER. Six million dollars is the
deficiency this year.
Mr. PUGH. Worse yet. The Senator from
Texas says it does not increase the costof trans-
porting the mail because the contractor has to
carryall you give him. Of course, but he makes
his bid knowing what he is to receive. I suppose
every member of Congress receives as I do bags
and boxes of these seed5?, and the gentleman who
keeps our stationery office furnishes me with
parchment envelopes, and envelopes lined with
cloth, bought at public expense, to put the seeds
into. We have agents and servants about the
Senate, who come and take them from my house
to the Post Office Department, and they go into
the mails. They load down the mails, and who
is benefited1 My friend from Missouri talks
about the farmer being benefited or the man who
gets them. That is all absurd. You take five
dolla rs out of his pocket in the shape of tax, and
give him back a paper of seeds woith twenty-five
cents.
Mr. GREEN. Let me correct the Senator, I
said he was injured.
Mr. PUGH. Injured by the bad seed ?
Mr. GREKN. Yes.
Mr. PUGI1. But I put it on thisground, that
it is an unnecessary expenditure of public money.
It is like the system of distributing books. Books
are useful; it is a very good thing to have nice
books to give our constituents. It would be a
very good thing if we bau bread and meat to give
to our constituents, free of cost. It would be a
very good thing if we could give the best tools to
the mechanics; but there is no necessity for it.
They can buv them rheapcr than we can. It is
an appropriation of a sum of money winch mi^ht
be used much mo: e useful1 y ; and it involve* other
and greater expenditures behind. It is ivt with
any vi'-w of going into these question? of Democ-
racy—the onion-Democracy on one side, and
anti-onion-Democracy on the other. 1 put it on
the simple ground that you are boi rowing money
to pay the expenses of the Government, and that
it is your duty to retrench everywhere in larso
expenditures and in small ones; and when you
have retienclmd as far as possible, then you can
go home to your constituents and say, we have
endeavored to bring the expenses of the Govern-
ment within its revenue. 1 do not go into the con-
stitutional question at all. I think that, at least
until we nr« able to have an overflowing Treas-
ury, we eaudispense with thisexpenditure of pub-
lic money: and when we come to the naval appro-
priation bill, and the Army appropriation bill, I
hope some one better acquainted with those sub-
jects than I am, will show me where I can strike
down millions, as I here propose to strike down
thousands.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio to propose to reduce the amount
one half, this year. I think that will be enough.
Mr. PUGH. I think it might all be dispensed
with. If this motion fails, I shall move to reduce
the aoprnpriation to ^20,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will vote to reduce it half,
but I do not want to take it all out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Me.-ns. Blight. IJiodcnck, Ciav. Davis. Dixon,
Fitch, FiUp.unck. Ore- n, llunfi, Iven-on.John-on < f At
kansas, Johiwm of Tennc^ee. Mailoiy, Milton, Polk,
Pugh, Reui, r-Vwaul, Shields. Shdtll, Thomson of NewJei-
sev, Too in b-*, Trumbull, and WiNon—21
NAYS-.M';f-rj. Allen, Uigler. Chandler. Collamer, Chit-
tenden. t'o-senden, Fool, Fo-vter, Hale, llrunnn, JIaihin,
ilr.ii-toa. Jniif's, K>nnedy, King. Peatce, e'eba-tuin,
tfuumon<  Sni.u'tj Thompson ot Kentucky, Wade, Wright,
and Yulee—'i-i.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I now move to strike out
(t 4,00,000, "and insert " £20,000." That was the
amount reported at the first session of the last
Congress.
The amendment \va« agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert after line one hundred and
eighty-five:
To endive the ConiiuUMonei of Public Buiiumg-s tu lit
u i w lih --IK Ives, (he two loom- at the south «nd of the Li-
h/yiv of <'nnitfor the use ot the library, and putting
up a p u in ion hi the passage to ihom, $270.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and two:
For lepans of Pennsylvania avenue, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
two hundred and fifteen:
For continuation of the filling up of ravine and grading
Judiciary squaie, ,$7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
last amendment:
For continuing the gtadin? and planting with trees the
uninipiovud pontons oi the nudl, $'10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
clause appropriating $8'J0,0()0 for the completion
of the Washington aqueduct, the following pro-
viso:
Profiled, That no paitof the sum hereby appropiiated
shah he expended until eonuaer* shall be entered into with
responsibly paities lor the eotuplenon of ihe wink, which,
in the ;i^i're ate, shall not exeecd the amount hereby ap-
piopiiHted."
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the chairman
of the Finance Committee why he thinks the pro-
viso should he stricken out?
Mr. HUNTER. It is proposed to be stricken
out because we understand contracts have already
been mede,and the work will be completed within
the limit. The effect of adopting this amend-
ment, if i am correctly informed, will be to re-
open the whole thing; and the officers will have to
advertise again for new contracts. The contracts,
I understand, have now been accepted; and I learn
ftom the superintendent that the work will be
concluded within the amount named.
Mi. PEA IICE. lhds have been accepted for
e\ciy nmtei ml to be supplied for the completion
of the work, except the cement. I am sure that
is the only exception. There is another icason
for not agreeing to tins proviso. There arc cei tain
parts of the work which will not be done by con-
tract. The contracts are for stone, cement, and
vaiious mateiials to be delivered here m Wash-
ington. Contractors do not contract to deliver
them on the hue of the aqueduct where they are
wanted. The superintendent has been prnvidud
wuh boats for conveyor; tin se materials to dif-
ferent points on the line of the aqueduct where
they are wanted, and lie will not be able to carry
out that plan if you insist upon having every-
thing done by conn act. You would have to tin ow
away the boats, or sell ihem at a great sacrifice.
It seems to me to be unnecessary. Ail the con-
tracts have been awarded, witii the single excep-
tion of the one for cement.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, after line two hundred and foity-four:
Foi United fMn'Os Capitol e^tenPio-i, j^oO.OOO : Provide/
Th.it tin- apnt -'pnutmn "hall not i<" expanded, in whole or
in p.ut, upon the embellishment or deem a rum of the (Jnpitol
exien. joil, eith'T oy pan.tins oi -enlpiure m the panels oi
niche* oi the Scmue <  Ihm-r, mile**- the de->i iis. lor .-uch
embcth-hm'-nr and d< enraiio'i >d,.nl ha\ e been tiiH <ulmut-
ted to, and appioved In, the Joint Committee of the Li-
biaiy o( Coii^o'^s.
Mr. DAVJS. I wish to oifer an amendment
to the amendment, to strike out all after the woid
,e for," and insert:
The completion of the Capitol c\teiwon, ; •!,l£o,1X5 SI;
and to enable the Lib lry Committee to contract n illi dn-
tiii:"inched nnis-t- foi h'stoiiriil pamtniff-';mrt f-culptuio tor
th > panel-. and ne-hes ot the b.'^intiv1 IJuih mid of the
giear si.unvcn o: the Capitol p\teu ion, ^jJ.OUO in addition
to fund - alie'iih in then hands lor that pifpo-c,
Mr. HUNTER. The original estimate was
^1,000.000 for this year. The House of Repre-
sentatives did not insitt the amount of the esti-
mate in the appiopnation bill, nor indeed anjr
amount. The Committee on Finance agreed, after
some consideration, to ask for $7o0,UUu, a part of
the sum, towards the completion of ihe Capitol.
In view of the present state of finances, it was
thought there ought to be some reduction, espe-
cially as the House did not put it in. I should
have been content, myself, with adopting the
amount of #5uO,OUl); something I was disposed
to insist on. 1 think we ought to have our end
of the wing completed; at least the room into
which we are to go. "We have a right tu insist
on that much; and I was disposed to go for Iuaf
the estimate. I am wilnng to go for &750,000; but
I think we had better not ask fur the whole under ,
the circumstances. In regard to the kuer part of :
the Senator's amendment, as to contracts with
artists, I think I would rather postpone that, and
have that hereafter, if we are to have it. I go,
however, for completing the building. I go for
what is necessary, in order to consummate what
we have undertaken; and I think §750,000 is
enough for the present. .
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
chairman of the Financc Committee how much
it would require to finish the new Hall for the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am unable to say how much
it would require to finish the new Hall. I believe
the estimate to complete the whole is the amount
named m the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. POLK. Then what is the standard by
which the committee report $750,000?
Mr. HUNTER. It was supposed to-be acorn*
promise between a half and the whole. It was a
general esumate.
Mr DAVIS. The sum named in the amend-
ment which I have asked for to complete the
Capitol extension, is exactly the estimate. It
is what remains unappiopriatcd of the estimate
for the completion of the Capitol; and with this
I cxpect the wings to be completed. The sum
asked for by the Committee on Finance is not
enough to continue the work for the period of a
year. The expenditure, when the work is car-
ried on at full time with a full set of hnnds, is
about one hundred thousand dollars a month. If
$750,000 be appropriated, the appropriation will
run out before the end of the year, the hands
must be discharged, and application be made here
for additional appropriations to complete the build-
ing; and when the additional pppiopnations are
made the hands must be collected again at addi-
tional expense. A million dollars is the estimate
of the ftupcuntendent lor the year'o expenditures.
I have proposed, as an amendment, the sum esti-
mated for the completion of the woik, which is
to add $1^3,183 to the amount needed for the
year. If we accept his estimate and grant the
whole amount, the wosk will be conducted more
economically, and we have a ri£ht to require of
him that it shall complete the building If the
Committee <,n Finance, compromising between
his esinnat.- and aome fanciful sum, adopt an
amount which they choose to give, he is not
bound to pel form any particular amount of woik
with that approbation; he is nor able to do it
as economically as if he were to keep up the full
organization of th^ woik. Until he reaches the
point of the construction of the portico, a larg8
number of hands is the most economical mode
ofcarrymgon the work. At that point the hands
must he reduced and the monthly expenditure
must he reduced. A million dollars is estimated
by him to answer all purposes for the year; but
in order that I may insert the words ee to com-
plete" and make this a final appropriation, I
ehnose to add the balance of the money which
I Jind in his estimate for the completion of the
work.
Then the addition which is mnde in regard to
statues for the niches, and paintings for the pan-
els, was put there because 1 found m the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance a
proviso that none of this spt cies of wot k should
be done oxcept in a particular way. Now the
fact is?, that no portion of the money granted for
construction is, in my opinion, applicable to the
work ol making statues for the niches, or decor-
ative paintings. The vacant panels that have been
left on the wall indicate and suggest that they are,
some day or other, to be filled with paintings.
The money appropnated for the conduction of
the budding has not been c,o applied, and I do nut
think it could ho properly so applied. It must be
by a vote of Cmigro-s that these paintings are to
be made. It must be by a vote of Congress that
statues ar>i to be put in the niches. .None of this
money, if the whole sum asked for be gran ted .can
be appropriated to either of these purposes, i have
no wish to go on now with the paintings, or put-
ting statues in the inches. I agioe with Urn chair-
man of the Committee on 1' mance that u is better
to postpone that; but I see no puipost m the pro-
viso winch is added to his amt ndment, nnh-&<3 it
is to suggest to the minds of members, as n does
to mine^ that they are already proposing now to
have the inches filled with statues and the panels
oa the walls filled with pantings.
