400
x APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. op Reps.
prentice and hired servant,as in all contract rights.
The people have a property in our services; the
parent has a property in the instructor of his
children; the ward in his guardian; the hirer of a
chattel in the thing hired. But are we, is the in-
structor j or the guardian, or the chattel, the prop-
erty of him who has an interest concerning them
or it? The grand base idea of the relations are
antipodes. The one is founded on contract, on
free will, with mutual rights; the other, as applied
to man, on naked force, with no rights; the one is
an obligation—a temporary use; the other an ab-
solute subjection—a subjection that can only be
enforced upon things, never upon man.
I have spoken of the fact that the property idea
of the ancient States was not based upon natural
law, as given us in the books of Moses; that their
codes did not define the subjects of property, but
indiscriminately subjected to be treatea as prop-
erty whatever could be seized and held as such;
that they confounded the Divine distinction be-
tween men and things, and enthroned force in the
robes and on the seat nf justice.
But this was no peculiarity of the old civiliza-
tion. It pertains to paganism and barbarism every-
where; and the idea that man can hold property
in man has been naturalized in the United States;
not from the common law, which had ignored
even serfdom before the settlement of the colonies;
not from the civil law, into which it had been in-
corporated during the rotten reign of the tyrant
States,and from which it had been purged by the
genius of Christianity; not from the law of na-
tions, which cannot define property, which has
no municipal authority, but simply pertains to the
relations of States, not of individuals, and which,
in that relation, had long abolished throughout
Christendom the practice of enslaving prisoners
of war; but it was incorporated in the customs of
the colonies, and based alone upon the laws of the
chiefs of the Guinea coast. I have heretofore,
and in a former Congress, spoken of this fact, and
I allude to it again in view nf the frequent boasts
of the antiquity and universality of slavery, of
the argument that it must be according to the
laws of nature, because practiced everywhere by
man in a state of nature, i. e. m a state of barbar-
ism. I desire to show these boasters, these men
who affect to despise everything pertaining to Af-
rica or the African race, that they are indebted to
that country and to that race for the fundamental
idea of their politics and their political morals. I
before quoted the opinion of Chief Justice Mar-
shall upon this point, and I give it again. After
showing that the enslavement of captives was
once lawful, he adds:
" Throughout Christendom this haish rule hud been ex-
ploded, find war was no longer considered as giving a right
ro enslave captives. 15m tins mump1! hud not been uni-
versal. Tiie parlies to the modern Jaw ol nations do not
propagate their principles by foioe: and Alueu h.is not yet
adopted tUein. Throughout the whole extent of that im-
mense continent, so lur as wo know ib histoiy, it is .-.till the
law ol' nations that prisoner are slaves. The question then
eould those who had icnouneed this law be permitted
to participate In it*- eU'ecrs,hy purchasing the human beings
who arc its victims?"—Ivheaton's Law of Nations, page
633.
Tlx; same idea seems to be recognized by the
supreme court of Georgia in Neai vs. Farmer,
(9 Georgia Reports, page 555,) whereNesl>it,.Tus-
tice, on page 580, gays:
" Whence (lut lie (the Georgia planter) derive title?
F.itliei directly Itom tin: slave dealer, or from those who 1
held him, and he ft onx the -slave captor m Jlfcv a. The pi op !
erty in the-lave, in the planter, became thus just thej>roj>c)ty \
oj the original cuploi." j
A Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] when ;
pressed to the wall for the legal origin of slavery,
claimed that it was established in the colonies by
the common law of England; and see how he
makes it out:
" If the honorable Senator from Maine desires to know
what rnavun or piovision of the common law tieats slaves
as property, I will say to him that the common law of Eng
land, so justly called the consummation of human wisdom,
recognised every thing as property which was the subject of
property in the counuv fiom which it was brought, unless
prohibited by some positive law of that realm ; and thus it
was, that when slaves were fust landed in Virginia, theie
being no law there but the common law, they vveie admit-
ted as other propeity, that law recognizing that n< their con-
dition in thecountry whence they were brought. The con-
dition of propeity did not attach to them after they reached
the soil of Virginthey brought it with Ikon. Such had
been the law from that day to this," * * * *■
" How that properly ai o&e it is not so easy to determine. The
publicists tell us that, at the dawn of civilization, a prisoner
of war held his life at the mercy of his captor; and, as the
latter might deprive his prisoner of life, it lay at his discre-
tion either to kill him or to keep him in life as his property.
Such was certainly the practice m the earlier days of the
Romans. History tells us that such has always been, and
yet continues, the custom among the negro tribes in Africa.
Certainly there the natives sell their own race as slaves ;
they sell to each other as the/ sold to the white man while
such sales were allowed by the laws of the white man. Thus
it was that the ancestors of those now held in bondage on this
continent brought from Africa with them, their conditioti as
property. How it was acquired there, can now be a subject
of conjecture only, and would be an inquiry as fruitless as
vague."—Speech irt Senate, March 15, 1858.
That is, the common law of England made men
property in the colonies who were held as prop-
erty in Africa, and, because they were so held.
All who could be seized and sold, and their de-
scendants, were, by African law, property; there-
fore, these persons, when brought to the colonies,
carried the African laws with them, and they, and
the descendants of their women forever, were to
be merely property! The mistake of the Senator
was not in the fact of the adoption of the African
laws of servitude, but in the statement that they
are adopted by the common law. The common
law had nothing to do with them. They were in
derogation of its first principles. The common
law, as expounded by its commentators and its
courts, adopted the law of nature, as given in
Genesis, as the basis of property; and it was only
because corrupt ministers, mercenary corpora-
tions, planters thirsting for wealth,and cruel slave
tradeis, conspired to substitute the African code
in the colonies for the common law, that we find
slavery there and here.
Judge Tucker, the eminent Virginian, speaking
of the introduction of the common law into the
colonics, says :
" Local circumstances, likewise, gave an eaily rise to a
less justifiable depaituie Irom the principles of the common
law in some of' the colonies, in the establishment of sla-
very—a measure not to be reconciled either to the principles
of ihe law ot uuturc, noi either to the most ai binary estab-
lishments in flie Knglish Government at that period—abso-
lute slavery, if if evi had any existence in England, having
.been abolished long belore."—Tucker's BUtckUone, 3ti8.
The celebrated Virginian should have known
that the common law naturalized the laws of all
countries, at least as to property brought from
them. Like the gods of the provinces incorpo-
rated by the Romans into its concrete hierarchy,
the diverse laws of property of the diverse types
of civilization were adopted by this all-gathering
common law. if the English or French sailor,
who had been captured by the Algerine, and by
his law enslaved, should be brought by his pur-
chaser to England or her colonies, the common
law continued him property because he was so
held whence he was brought. So the French
banker would have carried his franchise, and John
Law might have Hooded the world with his paper
money as well from London or Boston as from
Paris. To such absurdities are men driven.
The common law indeed ! Why, the truth
simply is, that the common law did and does not
create property, but iccognizes and protects as
such every tiling that is—claimed as property? No,
but everything that is property by the jaws of na-
ture and the laws of Christian States; and never,
I as the merest tyro knows, does it sanction the
i idea that man can be the subject of property.*
I True it is, " and pity 'tis 'tis true," that the
i African codes m relation to the subjects of proper-
j ty were natuialized in thecolonies. True it is, that
! those who were held as property by those codes
! were so held after transfer from the prison-ship to
! the slave plantation, and the blunderbuss and the
J scourge became the emblems of authority there,
as in their distant home. True it is, that every
mother's child, accoiding to the law of the black
and arid continent, became the merchandise of
! him whdj had enslaved the mother. True it is,
that these codes were at times, as revenge joined
! * For the true relation of the common law to slavery, see
j Chambeilain vs. IJaivey, I Lord Raymond, 117; Smith vs.
Gould. 2 ditto, 1074; (aNo, 3 Salkeld, 666;) Sommersct vs.
' Stewait, 20 Howell's State Trials. 1, 82; (also, same case,
' Lotii'sKcports, 1;) Rankin Lydia, 2Marshall, Kentucky
, Reports, 470 ; Lunstord t s, Coaquilion, 2 Martin, Louisiana
.Reports, 402: Forbes vs. ('ochian,2 Barn weII and Cre^wpll's
' Reports, 462; Pugg vs. Pennsylvania. 16 Peters, 539; (see
• page Gil;) Neal vs. Fanner, 9 Georgia lieports, 555; (in this
1 catre the English authorities are reviewed;) 1 Biackstone's
| Commentaries, 423.
' Per contra—see dicta iu the Dred Scott case.
hands with avarice, extended to the Indian as to
the African captive; and it is equally true that Eu-
ropean blood was unable to dissolve the chain
thus wrought from foreign links. And true, alas !
it is, that these African codes have so banished
the common law of property, have so overturned
the fundamental idea of the civilization of Moses
and of Christ, of modern Rome and of Westmin-
ster, that in the jurisprudence of this federation
and of half these States, scarce anything is sacred"
but the right of one man to enslave his fellow-man,
I have said that the base idea of human owner-
ship was force. I have shown it to be so in the
ancient codes, and I ask attention to the law of
property in those countries whence we have nat-
uralized it.-
The Senator from Virginia before quoted seema
at a loss to know how this " condition of prop-
erty," so (t broughtfrom Africa," was " acquired
there." It is no subject of " conjecture" at all,
and I will show those who partake his doubts that
the inquiry is neither " fruitless" nor " vague."
As these African States have notfavored us with
any code or volumes of institutes, or commenta-
ries, or decisions, from which we can ascertain
their laws, or such of them as have been incorpo-
rated into our own system, I am compelled to rely
upon the customs of the country. " Custom is the
highest law," and by its observation we can see
the ** process" by which man becomes property,
and the idea which lies at the base of the African
law of property.
Gray and Duchard, in their Travels in Western
Africa, (p. 191,) describing the manner of waging
war, say:
The general object of these detachment? is the attack
of some small town or village, the inhabitants of which, to-
gether with their cattle, they carry off." * * * "Seveial
of these parlies were sent out during our stay in Bondoo,
and, with one or two exceptions, came off victorious—if the
woid can be made use of with propnety in describing the
exploits of a hoid« of plunderers, whose chief object is, m-
vanably, the obtaining of slaves, lor whom theyalwa>a.fmd
a maiket, cither with the traveling meichants of the coun-
try, or the Senegal vessels at Galain."
Captain Canot, a modern slave dealer, in his
experience in the business, gives the manner in
which he acquired a boat-load in an emergency,
at the mouth of the Matican river, coast of Guinea.
I give an extract (page 223-9) to show the work-
ings of those laws of property which the common
law has so kindly domiciled among us:
"Next day wo proceeded to formal business. His ma-
jesty called a regular' palavei* of his chiefs and headmen,
befoie whom i slated my danlica, and announced the terms.
Veiy soon .several young tolks were brought for sale, who,
i am sure, never dreamed at using from last night's sleep,
that they were destined for Cuban slaveiy. My merchan-
dise revived the memory of peccadilloes that had been long
forgotten, and sentences that were forgiven. Jealous hus-
bands, when they tasted my rum, suddenly remembered
then wives' infidelities, and sold their better halves for more
of the oblivious fluid. In nuth, i was exalted into a magi-
eian, unroofing ihe village, and leaving its crime and wielc-
edness to the eye ot* juUire. Law berame piofitable, and
virtue never leached so high a price, tfefore night the town
wn> m a turmoil, tor every man cudgeled his brain for an
e\cuse 10 kid nap his neighbor, so as to share rnv commerce.
As the village was too small to supply the entne gang of
fifty. 1 hail recourse to the neighbouug settlements, when
my - hunkers'oi agents did their work in a masterly manner.
Tiaps were adroitly baited with goods, to lead the unwaiy
into temptation, when the unconscious pilhuer wa- caught
by bus ambushed foe, and an hour seived to huny him to
the beach as a slave forever. In fact, five davs are suffi-
cient to stamp my image permanently upon the Matican
settlements, and to associate my memoiy with anything but
blessings m at least fifty of then families."
Again: on page 332, in speaking of the natives
amid the slave factories of the Gallinas, the same
author says:
" In proportion as these upstarts were educated m slave
trade under the influence of opulent factors, they greed.ly
acquned the. habit of hunting thou own fvind, and aban-
doned all other occupations but war and kidnapping. As
the country was prolific and the trade profitable, the thou-
sands and tensot thousands annually sent abroad fiom t al-
hnaa, soon began to exhaust the neighborhood : but the
appetite lor plunder was neither satiated nor stopped by dis-
tance, when it became necessary for the neighboring nations
to extend their forays and hunts far inro the interior. In a
few years, war raged wherevei the influence of this river
extended. The slave lactones supplied the huntsmen with
powder, weapon®, arid enticing metchandise. so that tiiey
femlessdy advanced against ignoiant multitude*, who, too
silly to coinpiehend the benetit of alliance, fought the ag-
gressors singly, and, of couise, became their prey.5'
This " condition of property" in man is ac-
quired in Central and Eastern Africa by the same
''process of law" as in Western. Sheik Moham-
med, of Tunis, the great Mohammedan traveler,
