2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi allow mc to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD- I desire to ask the Senator
whether he cannot divide his amendment. I am
in favor of appropriating $1,000,000 for finishing
the Capitol, instead of $750,000 for the year. I
want to vote first on that proposition irrespective
of these questions about ornamenting the panels,
because l am with the Senator as to the appro-
priation, but against him on the other point.
Mr. DAVIS. I should prefer to divide my
amendment, and the reason I did not do so—I
stuck the two provisions together with a wafer,
as will be seen—was to get rid of a question of
order, for which I have always great abhorrence.
Mr. SEWARD. So have I.
Mr. DAVIS. I prefer to have the question
on the appropriation for the completion of the
building. If t am understood, I will say nothing
more.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will so change his amendment as to leave
out the second clause. There is ceitainly no ne-
cessity at present for appropriating money for
paintings for the panels, and statues for the niches.
had the proviso in so as to have a definite under-
standing on that point. It was proposed simply
with reference to making the appropriation more
acceptable in the other House, where it had been
refused.
Mr. DAVIS. The objection to it is, that in
attempting to make the appropriation palatable to
the House of Representatives, it does injustice to
the officer who has been charged with the super-
intendence of the work. It is a suggestion that
mooey has been so applied when, in fact, it has
not been.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. Certain it is there has been a great
deal of ornamental painting in the new portion
of the Capitol. Has not that painting been paid
for out of the general appropriation for erection ?
There is a great deal of fresco painting.
Mr. DAVIS. The coloring of the wallsand the
little figures introduced on them ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Wherever there is a cov-
ering of a room, take for instance the Agricultural
Committee-room of the House of Representatives,
there are paintings on the panels of the wallsand
overhead, and so it is all over the *new Capitol.
I cn 11 ihatornamental painting. Has not that been
Indeed that is a work of time. We might have i1 paid for out of the general appropriation ?
these panels and niches filled with very unworthy ! Mr. DAVIS. There is fresco painting in the
objects of art, instead of such as should fill them; committee room to which the Senator refers, and
and I think it would be very well to anange a I am glad that he has reminded me of it, because
system for the ornamentation of the Capitol by that room was prepared as a specimen to be sub
such objects, at a time when there is more money
in the 'treasury than theie is now, and when we
shall have leisure to digest such a system. I
should, prefer myself that the Library Committee
were not charged with any such duty.
Mr. DAVIS. I have answered the principal
mitted to Congress, and they were called upon by
the then Secretary of War, being myself, to see
whether or not they would have the other rooms
completed in the same stylo, and they were told
that if so, and if they would have the building
floored with encaustic tiling, an additional sum of
object I had in bringing to the notice of the Sen- .: money would be required. An opinion was sought
ate the question of the decorative ornament of j fiom Congress. It was not given by any vote,
the Capitol. It is put, by the proposition, under i but it came to mo in every other form that they
the charge of the Committee on the Library; and j! wanted the building finished in the very highest
the main object T had was to correct an eiror1 oiderof modernait. One expression I recollect dis-
which is creeping into the popular mtnd, and hay ' tinctly, because it was vet y striking, that Brother
been disseminated over the Halls of Congress, j Jonathan was entitled to as good a house as any
that the Capitol has been deunated with the mo- prince or potentate on eaith, and generally that
ney given for construction. The painting of the J they wanted the best materials and best style of
walls, the colonng of the walls, the use of paint !
instead of ornamental paper on the wall*, is not !!
in the nature of historical paintings which are to '
fill the panels that aie left vacant in all the walls, i
So, too, it has gone out that an immense amount is ;
spent for statuary. Not a dollar lias been spent for '
statuary except for the pediment, and that prop- ;
erly so spent, b< cause the pediment of the build- i
ingin which we now >su is ornamented, not i qually,
but in the same style. It was ealit d fur in the ped- ,
imcuts of the extension bt cause it was so in the
original building. If I have now directed the at- j
tenthm of the Senate to the fart that no pai t of thaijt
appropriation heietofore made, and none of thatwT
about to he made can propeily be employed for tins ' '
purpose, 1 ha\e answered my object. !'
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am opposed to increasing !,
the appropriation, but I will state in regard to the f
j roviso that 1 am very willing, personally, that it
should be stricken out. .The opinion of the Fi-
nance Committee was that the effect of adopting
it would be to suspend any work of that kind
until a futme period—not that it was a nvans of ;
providing for carrying it on, butstoppmg if so as .
to devote the money to the completion of the i
building. ■
Mr. DAVIS. I would uslc the chairman, was
it the opinion of the Committee on Finance that
that woik had ever been commenced' i
Mr. HUNTER. Whether it is their opinion !
or not, it is nn opinion that pievaiK; and for the !,
purpose of putting an end to it, and satisfying '
any who had doubts m that regard, it was pro- ,
po&ed to insert this proviso; but 1 am very willing 1
that the proviso should be stricken out 1 am not
willing, however, to increase the amount of the .
appropriation.
Mr. I^ESSEX DEN. 1 will state for the infor-1
mation of the Senator from Mississippi that this j
proviso was put in, 1 believe, at my suggestion,
although somewhat modified fiom the original;:
form proposed by me, for this leason: I noticed u
that such a provision was inserted in the Hm'sc {■
of Representatives m order to make the appropria-
workmanship and highest order of art introduced
into the Capitol of iho United States. It was under
that view that estimates were made for the appro-
pi idtion pasistd,
Mr.COLLAMER. Stiil I understand that what
we call painting bus been done to a large extent.
There may be historical paintings to be placed in
the panels beieaftei; that is another affair; but it
is cei tain t ha! painting to a large anionn t, to a great
extent, in the new Capitol, has been tlone out of
the money appropnaied to the general erection.
I do nor say that I am opposed to this at all,
hough I may diiler very much from some m re-
ntion to the taste with which it has been done;
but I understand this proviso to be nothing but a
restneuon in lelation to getting historical paint-
ings, or something of that kind.
Mi. DAVIS. Of course I did not suppose the
Finance Committee meant that, they should not
put paint on the walls. It was historical paint-
ings, of course.
Mr. COLLAMRR. 1 would very much desire,
if u were possible, to put a restriction on this mat-
ter in relation to the ordinary paintings. 1 think
the architectural character of the Representative
Hall, as now finished, is entirely overburdened
and disguised and thrown out of sight by the
gieat variet y of colors put m. T think it is a sort
of Joseph's coat; and 1 desue vei y much that that
kind of thing may bo kept out of the new Senate
Chamber; and 1 believe that a las ge portion of the
Senators entertain the same taste and feelings. If
anything can be done by way of seaning a little
more of chastity m it, I should desiie u.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator would not reach his
purpose at all by tins proviso. It does not direct
itself to that point at ail. I would ask the Sen-
ator if he has been in the new Senate Chamber?
Mr. COLLAMER. I have been in it; but it
is in so unfinished a state that 1 cannot judge of it.
Mr. DAVIS. You can judge of the ceiling.
Mr. COLLAMER. The only consolation I
have about u is, that a little paint brush will take
out all this coloring almost any time.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not answering my ques-
tion more palatable. It was put in substantially, :
and then the House negatived the appropriation. ! tion
My impression Vvas that the appropriation might j' Mr. COLLAMER. I have been in it, but it is
fare better in the House of Representatives if we !' in an unfinished condition.
Mr. DAVIS. The ceiling unfinished ! I thought
the ceiling was painted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am talking now about
the gilding, and half a dozen colors put into a cor-
nice.
Mr. DAVIS. I think all is there that will be,
unless you propose to add something more.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know what they
propose to put there. I believe they have not got
quite so much meretricious ornament, as I con-
sider it, as in the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives. Whether they mean to come up to that
hereafter, 1 do not know.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator does not answer
my question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have answered the ques-
tion. I have been in there and looked at it, but
I regard it as an unfinished affair.
Mr. DAVIS. Then it is too plain for the Sen-
ator, I suppose. He may add more to it if he
chooses. It is a more somber style than that of
the Hall of the House of Representatives. In
relation to the decision which the Senator makes
on the amount of ornamentation which is exem-
plified m either, I will only say that my taste is
too uncultivated to decide that question. Not
having had the advantage of seeing the best spe-
cimens of art; not having studied painting as an
art, I should he compelled to draw my judgment
from the opinion of those who had made it the
study of their lives. A man of very high reputa-
tion m that particular branch of art was charged
with it; his work was examined fiom time to
time, and corrected by an officer in whose taste I
have great confidence; and 1 rather think that as
the eye of those who aie so ready to criticise is
cultivated up to the highest style of art which is
introduced into both the Senate and House Cham-
bers, they will appreciate better and moie approve
what has been done. Some members of the House
have had the frankness to tell me that they dis-
liked the ceiling veiy much when they went into
their new Hall, but have since become accus-
tomed to it, and like it very well.
But all that amounts to very little. What is the
paintingorgilding worth when measured with the
gieat purposes had in view' It was not to paint
or to gild successfully that Congress appropriated
money. It was to get a room in which they could
hear; in which they could speak; in which the
business could be conducted without the disorder
that belonged to the old Hall. It was to give to the
Senate a room of sufficient capacity for their pur-
poses. The acoustic and the optic problems were
considered of such importance as to make all the
rest subordinate. The success in both respects,
I think, has been eminent beyond any other public
room of'the same size of which I have heard in any
past of the woild. And if it has answered these
great requisites, and if to these has been added a
mode of heating which will give it an equal tem-
perature, and a mode of ventilating which will
pievont fumes and dust from rising from the floor
and passing into the lungs of members, then I
think we shall have achieved all that Congress
had in view, or at least all that was considered of
importance. Rub off the gliding, and paint out
the cohns; make them all one, if the Senator fiom
Vermont desires not to have many colors; if the
Senator wants to have all of one color, make it
one. But there is not an artist who would attempt
to ornament a building by painting with one color.
His skill is shown m the harmony of the colors,
blending them so that no one rests on the eye
and commands its single attention. I would be
surprised at the Ameiican Congiess if u were
to wipe out these great efforts of art, and intro-
duce as a substitute the crude notion of a single
color.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart in
thechan.) The Chan understands the Senator
from Mississippi as withdrawing the latter branch
of his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir. I shall offer that after-
wards.
Mr. SEWARD. If we discuss from now until
the end of the session, I do not think we shall be
able to agree in regard to the decoration of the
Chambers of the two Houses. It is a matter of
taste, and our tastes differ naturally, and differ by
cultivation and habit; but since there has been so
much discussion on this subject, I barely wish to
express my opinion on the question which has
