1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilmer.
Ho. of Reps.
described the slave expeditions of Darfur and
Wada'i. For the fall narrative I must refer the
curious student of African slave law, if his phi
lology is at fault in the original Arabic, to De
Perron's French version, or to chapter nine of St.
John's English abridgment of the work. In those
more regular and stable Mohammedan kingdoms
a distinguished subject is commissioned to raise a
gazwak, or slave hunt, and becomes, for the time,
the sultan of his troop. This troop invades some
Pagan community, named in the commission,
seizes all who can be found, occasionally halts to
divide and assign the spoils, continues the hunt
till, satiated with robbery and blood, the chief
drives home his horde of human property, regu-
larly " acquired" under African law. If the ob-
stinate Pagans resist, of course they are slaugh-
tered without mercy; if, when surrounded, tliey
"yield without resistance, the sultan takes the
chief as a prisoner, treats him honorably, gives
him a dress, and afterwards liberates him; but he
seizes on all the grown men, the youths, the wo-
men, and girls, leaving only the old people and
those who do not seem to be in a state to undergo
the fatigues ofajourney." The author narrates
with becoming coolness the horrors of these
hunts; says that from the frequency of the com-
missions the market would be glutted, but that
from fatigue, exposure, and cruelty, but a small
portion of the captives survive, and fewer still
are able to reach Egypt. About the same com-
punction seems to be felt by these hunters as by a
boatload of Nantucket whalemen after their prey,
or a troop of prairie Indians in pursuit of a buf-
falo, or a United States marshal in chase of a
fugitive slave. Since the destruction of the Egyp-
tian market bythe " fanatical folly " of the Turks
in overthrowing the slave trade, these hunts are
doubtless less profitable; and, indeed, there is great
danger that, by the persevering efforts of Moslem
and Christian Europe, even Africa, the hitherto
impregnable refuge of the idea of property in
man, may yield to the progress of Christian civ-
ilization. It may then be a question whether this
law of property, after it shall have been over-
thrown in this, its most ancient and faithful seat,
will survive in those countries that have thence
derived it.
So in Bornou, Mr. Denham,and more recently
Dr. Bartli, describe the manner in which this
" condition as property" is " acquired" by men
and women, according to the laws of the State.
It so closely resembles the method described by
the Mohammedan traveler, as to induce me to be-
lieve that this State, as well as others through
which these gentlemen traveled, acknowledge the
same code and 1)0 w to the same fundamental idea
of property. Usually the execution of law is left
to its ministers; at least strangers do not feel called
on to enforce it. But full examination has satis-
fied me that "legal process" upon the coast of
Guinea may be served as well by the stranger as
by members, or even ministers of State. I ac-
cordingly find that,, as commerce becomes dull,
either from deficiency in its staple or the means of
purchase, the foreign slavers, with the alacrity of
true law and order men, often lend themselves to
enforce the laws of the land. Thus, after the
manner of the native hunter, we find them steal-
ing by night upon some defenseless village, and
while the inhabitants are dreaming—some of their
pastimes and their loves, and some, especially
those who feel the cares of State, of the com-
ing hunt to supply the white man's ships, all are
seized, bound, and driven to these ships; and the
blaze of their empty dwellings lights the march
that converts—and by methods long sanctified by
African law—a village of savages into cargoes of
valuable property. This method of conversion
was more common when the early captives, in
their " condition as property," were brought to
the American colonies; and I cannot find that the
legality of the mode, excopt by " New England
fanatics," in an instance or two, was ever se-
riously questioned.
The method by which this " condition of prop-
erty "was made to "attach" to the transported
Africans would be thus perfectly plain, but for the
fact that some of them were not seized in the hunt,
either by regular State commissioners or on in-
dividual account; but their " condition" attached
to them from the earliest infancy. It is found
New Series—No. 26.
that by the African customs, as well as by those
of the ancient States I have before spoken of, all
children of slave mothers are seized and held as
property. How this is done has puzzled many
a wiser man than I, and I may not have hit upon
its legal solution. But my desire to relieve the
doubts of those who trace their rights of property
to African laws, has induced me to give the mat-
ter a careful consideration.
By the slave laws of our States, a slave can
make no contract, and cannot unite in lawful
marriage. In the absence of any accessible code
or decisions of the Ethiopic States, and m defer-
ance to the opinion of the Senator before quoted,
I infer that " the condition " in which the slave
is here held, in this respect as in others, was
"brought from Africa" by his "ancestors."
All the children, then, of slave mothers, are, by
African law, necessarily bastards; and bastards,
as all lawyers know, can have no father. The
mother, being herself but property, can have no
interest in the child; and the law permitting no
other parent, and foundling hospitals and asy-
lums being unknown, it has no protector. In this
emergency, the master, who, having the lawful
custody of the mother, is always constructively
present, and is the only one who has a right to be
present, is kindly authorized by law to seize or
make a prisoner of war of the child; and as with
all prisoners, it is simply a choice between death
and slavery. Were slave marriages lawful, so
that the clnld could have a father, it is quite un-
certain in what " condition" it would be held; it
would probably depend somewhat upon the de-
mands of commerce. Bat born thus destitute, the
harmony of the African code becomes apparent
in authorizing its immediate seizure, under the
rules that regulate the intercourse of the strong
and the weak.
Thus we see the Senator was too easily dis-
couraged, for I have plainly shown how the "con-
dition of property" was in all cases, both by adults
and infants, " acquired" in the mother country.
The only puzzle is, how this African law should
be permitted to override the common law, or the
law of England, in the colonies, as the supremacy
of the latter was expressly provided for in the
colonial charters. Chief Justice Marshall seems
to doubt whether " those who had renounced this
law" could be " permitted to participate in its
effects;" though it is not believed the present
Chief Justice would have any doubt upon any
such question.
The Senator,however,cuts the knotby making
this same common law the instrument of its own
overthrow, by recognizing " everything as prop-
erty which was the subject of property in the
country from which it was brought," &c. But
this hypothesis fails to reach the children of slave
mothers born here, unless it means, as I suppose
it does, that, by this curious operation of the
common law, the whole African slave code was
imported, and war, after the manner of the Afri-
can slave hunts, of her kidnapping and baby seiz-
ing, became forever crystalized in the colonies.
Thus began the Africanization of the colonies,
the subversion of the common law by the law of
force, by the code of the man-hunter. So long
as mere avarice dictated law, blind money-getting
wrenching gold from torn muscle and rifled soil,
Africanism ruled the day. But as the public con-
science awoke, stimulated by the labors of Ed-
wards, of Whitfield, and of Wesley, and espe-
cially of the brave followers of Fox; as the com-
mon law vindicated its supremacy at Westmin-
ster; and as the attention of the colonists was so
attracted to its free maxims and free methods as
to force resistance to ministerial absolutism, the
black and bloody code began to be regarded as a
hostile intruder. The American Revolution was
but an act in the great drama of English hered-
itary resistance to oppressive laws. It but fol-
lowed the struggles for the restoration of the laws
of the Confessor, the strifes at Runnymede, and
the combats with the Stuarts. It was but the
emancipation of the common law, and placing it
under the control of popular sovereignty—a re-
sumption by the people of the guardianship of its
maxims and its methods. The people assumed
the mastery, and reorganized government to pro-
tect, not infringe rights. Africanism was fright-
ened at its new master; and it is no wonder that
the Guinea code fled from the gaze of a people
burning with a regenerated love for a free and a
Christian civilization. It only begged for time to
set its house in order, a little indulgence to fold
its limbs with decency, before being thrust into
its waiting grave. Alas, that this indulgence was
given it! that this African serpent was permitted .
even for a moment to fix its basilisk gaze upon
the young sovereignty, charming by its very hid-
eousness.
And the struggle now is, not between the North
and the South—no, indeed! the friends of the
common law in the South are in the closest sym-
pathy with its friends in the North—but between
systems, between civilizations. It is the misfor-
tune of the South that the African code, the law
of force, is fastened upon it; deeply do I sym-
pathize with that misfortune. It is the misfor-
tune of the South that the champions of that code
are grinding her in the dust; with what alacrity
would I aid her to shako off the tyrant rule, and
leap to the position given only by the law of jus-
tice! It is the misfortune of the South that her
fame is involved in the frauds and crimes her
terrorists commit in her name; I would relieve
her from the stain by snatching power from these
her terrorists. It is the misfortune of the South
that she is drunk with the cup of Circe; I would
not even reproach her with the deadly lethargy;
butgoing backward would spread the mantle while
arousing her from the charm of the drugged po-
tion. The South is not alone responsible for her
condition. The North has helped it on. Even
while our old statesmen were, as they supposed,
dissolving the spell, New England, as the price
for a navigation monopoly, consented—ay, her-
self held the cup for a deeper draught—and ever
since, northern slaves and northern hucksters
have vied in the deep lullaby.* No, we have no
controversy with the South; but the struggle is
between fresh Freedom, flinging off the manacles
of barbarism, both the old and the new, and fetid
Force, long driven from the Tiberand the Thames,
coming froiji its refuge in the dark fastnesses of
the Niger to breathe its stifling breath upon the
Potomac and the Mississippi.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. GILMER,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. GILMER said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to say a few words in
reply to the speech made by my colleague [Mr.
Shaw] on the 20th of April last, and during my
absence. I regret that he is not here this evening;
but I feel compelled to proceed with what I have
to say in reply to that extraordinary speech, and
to do so even in his absence. I feel justified in
doing so, for, on last Saturday, when I was pre-
pared to go on, finding that he was not present, I
desisted, but gave notice of my intention to speak
at the earliest opportunity. That remark was
published in the papers this morning, and there-
fore his absence is no fault of mine.
Mr. Chairman, I think that that speech was an
unfair one; unjust, untrue, prevaricating, and un-
worthy of the' gentleman who m>\de it. I have
read it over, and I have read it carefully. I have
looked to see in it the views of a statesman. I
have looked to see justice in it. I have looked to
see in it fair dealing. Yet, sir, I am troubled to
give to it the character which it deserves. If I
were this evening called on as a witness in court
to tell what I thought was its character, my an-
swer would be like that of a witness examined in
respect to the character of a simple old lady, who,
when asked if he knew her general character, said,
" I think I do. I think that I do know her gen-
eral character. I know it well." 'i Pleasego on,
then, and tell what it is." " Yes, sir, I know her
general character, and it is generally believed in
the neighborhood where she resides that she is a
* Justice smiled when that navigation was destroyed as
are thcae hucksters spurned by tile unconsciously avenging
South.
