354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
COMPENSATION OF DECEASED SENATORS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of j
the Senate:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fini'l
of the Senate to the representatives ol'th elate Senators Bell,
Butler, and Rusk, who attended the special session of the
Senate convened by the President 011 the 4th of Mai ch last,
arid who have since died, compensation for the said Siena-
tors respectively, at the rate of $3,000 per annum, fj orn the
commeucementof said session to the time of their decease.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That so mucJi of the repoit of the Secretary of
the Interior, aedompanyingthe Piesident's annual message
as relates to the public buildings and «iounds, be referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PUGrH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 46)
to grant the right of preemption in certain lands
to the Indiana Yearly Meeting of the Society of
Friends, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 2)
granting a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres of the public lands to actual settlers, asked
to be discharged from, its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the petitions of Jo-
seph Chase, James Young, and Alexander Iveef,
reported a bill (S. No. 78) to authorize the Sec- j
retary of the Interior to issue land warrants to Jo-'
seph Chase, James Young, and Alexander Keef;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Lauren tMillaudon, submitted a report, ac- I
companied by a bill (S No. 81) for his relief. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate, to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing a custom-house at Keokuk, Iowa, and
of making Sioux City, in that State, a port of de-
livery, and constructing a custom-house therein,
submitted an adverse repoit.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a memorial of citi-
zens of that portion of the public domain lying
east of Lake Pepin, and the Mississippi river, m
the Territory of Minnesota, reported a bill (S.
No. 82) to amend an act entitled " An act to au-
thorize the President of the United States to cause
to be surveyed the tract of land m the Territory of
Minnesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed (
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
and for other purposes," approved 17th of July,
1854; which was read, and passed to a second j
reading. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom |
was referred the petition of George M. Gordon, ;
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
83) to vest the title to certain warrants for land ;
in George M. Gordon. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was ;
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives, J
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the j
Mouse had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 27) i
to detach Selma, in the State of Alabama, from 1
the collection district of New Orleans, and make |
it a port of delivery within the collection district |
of Mobile. j
Also, that the House had passed the following |
bills; in which the concurrence of the Senate was l
lequested: i
A bill (H. R. No. 14) to authorize the Secre- j
tary of the Treasury to issue a register or enroll-
ment to the vessel called James Mclndoe, now
owned by Thomas Coatsworth, James G. Coats-
worth, and William Coatsworth, of Buffalo, New
York; and
A bill (H. R. No. 22) to alter the time of holding
the courts of the United States for the State of
South Carolina.
Also, that the House had passed the Senate
joipt resolution (S. No. 4) to extend the opera-
tion of the act approved January 16,1857, entitled ;
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to pro- |
mote the efficiency of the Navy,' "with an amend- j
mcnt; in which the concurrence of the Senate was j
requested. I
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. j
The message further announced that the Speaker j
of the House of Representatives had signed an j
enrolled bill (S.No. 50) to authorize a register to i
be issued to the bark Jehu; which was thereupon |
signed by the President. j
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Com- '
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a i
bill (S. No. "23) to grant to every head of a family .
one hundred and sixty acres ot land, have directed >
me to report it back without amendment, and rec- 1
ommend its passage. I will simply remark here, j
that the committee wereunanimousin making the (
recommendation, and I am authorized to move |
that the bill be made the special ord^r for the sec-
ond Monday in February, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred so much of the
President's message as relates to military affairs,
reported a bill to increase the military establish-
ment of the United States; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask that the bill be made the
special order of the day for Monday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is already a special
order for Monday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move that it be made the
special order for that day, at half past twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BRED SCOTT DECISION.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to report the following
resolution!
Repaired, That the Srcietnry of the Senate be, and he n
hereby, diiccted to pav out of the cniit:it eiit lurid of tile
Senate, to Cornelius Wendell, the sum of liiteen cents pci
bundled p:i<res lor twenty thou-.md eopje*. ol the ujumoiii
of the Jud<_rs ol the StipremeCVuit of 1 lie Um'cd Siat'^.in
the cas-e ol Drt'd Scott es. John F. A. fcJandfoui.
I ask for the adoption of the resolution now,
if it be not objected to.
The VICE PRESfDENT. The Chair does
not know what the practice of the Senate has
been, but there is a rule which prescribes that all
resolutions which create a c lunge on tho contin-
gent fund shall be referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the ContmgentExpensos of the
Senate; and unless some suggestion be made, I
shall duvet the lefercnce of this resolution to that
committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That rule can be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
The'V ICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
some explanation of this matter before I am dis-
posed to waive the privilege of objecting.
Air. BROWN. That amounts to an objection
to the resolution.
Air. EESSENDEN. I do not interpose an ob-
jection now. I only say, that unless some ex-
planation be made of it satisfactory to rne, I shall
object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Contiol the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It willbe referred
to that committee.
HENRY VOLCKER.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Stuart, to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (S. No. ;>9) to confirm the title of
Henry Volcker to a certain tract of land m the
Territory of New Mexico, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. STUART. When the Senate passed to
the consideration of the special order yesterday,
I had nearly concluded nli tint I proposed to say
on this subject. 1 had shown that, from a careful
inspection of the papers, there were many evi-
dences that this was a fraudulent claim, and I had
made a suggestion that! thought there was a very
important principle involved in the case as to the
liability of the United States, in any event, under
existing head laws for Texas head-rights; but I
thought that the point which I made was entirely
fatal to this case, without considering either of
those propositions, and 1 was about illustrating it.
This Texas head-right, if it be a valid one, and has
not been located upon any public lands, is now an
authority in the hands of the owner to locate it
on any lands in the State of Texas; just like our
bounty-land warrants. A man who is the buna
fide holder of a land warrant, may locate it any
day, on any public lands of the United States sub-
ject to entry. If this individual, Volcker, really
owns this head-right, he can go to-day, or any
other day when he pleases, and locate it on six
hundred and forty acres of land within the limits
of the State of Texas. But, sir, he seeksauthority
from Congress to locate it on six hundred and
foi ty acres of land in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, now belonging to the United States, if there is
no private claim to that land. I wit.li to make this
suggestion with some emphasis, becausc thc*e is
nothing in the papers to show that the land at this
dayis notclaimed by same bona fide owner, under
a preemption or other law of the United States.
It is conceded by the Senator from Louisiana,
the chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, that the proof of titles which this indi-
vidual introduces in connection with Ins applica-
tion, would be entirely insufficient as against an
adverse claimant. That he concedes, and it will
be obvious to any gentleman who will take timo
to examine these papers. Now, should the United
States grant a patent for six hundred and forty
acres of land, to an individual, who presents, on
his own showing, a defective title, or should not
Congress, in any case, if it were a land warrant,
insist that the applicant should make out prima
facie a valid title to the land warrant, and to the
land that he claimed? 1 think there would be no
denying that. So m this case: the claimant seeks,
upon equitable giounds, to procure a warrant from
the United States for &ix hundred and forty acres
of land, and yet ho does not show anything hke a
valid title to the certificate under which he claims
it. I have i eferred to the laws of Texas, which re-
quire that these matters should be recoided. There
is, among the papers, a transcript from the record,
sent up by the proper recording officer in the State
o( Texas—of Bexar county—and that transcript
shows one of two things: either a forgery,or an
entirely insufficientcxecuUon of the papers under
which this man claims.
Now, sir, I must deny that it is sufficient for a
claimant to nsk the United States to grant him a
patent for six hundred and forty acres of land be-
cause there is no adverse claim interposed here,
and because the bill pioposes to make the patent
only a "rant of whatsoever title the United States
has. In the first place, I have stated the reason,
so tar as it. is applicable to the United States, that
we should grant no man a patent who does not
show prima Jacie a clear right to it; butin the next
place, theie being no proof in the case that there
is no adverse claim, and no proof that this is now
Government laud belonging to the United States,
may wo not do very grout injustice to an individ-
ual who is an occupant of this very land to-day ?
You clothe this claimant with the title of the Uni-
ted States to this land, and if the presentoccu-
pautshould turn out to be a man of limited means,
this person, with the patent of the United States
in his hand, can crush him. It gives him an ad-
vantage, for it gives him the fee-simple to begin
with; and upon what right? None at all is pre-
sented by the case, except the fact that nobody
else appears as a claimant. There is no evidence
here that anybody else has notice that this man
is a claimant. 11 is a difficulty that surrounds caees
of this kind m Congress, that there is no notice to
other men that this particular individual is claiming
the land.
I have sent for the papers, for the purpose of
stating a little more distinctly than I did yester-
day,the evidence of the defect m regard to the cer-
tificate. I stated that this certificate of the certi-
fying officer is a peculiar one. He says that he
certifies to a correct transcript from the records,
<£ with the interlineations and eiasures." Here
is the survey under which this man undertakes
to claim; and before it was interlined or erased,
it read in this way:
" Stats of Texas, District of Bexar.
" Suivey No. 38. Field-notes of a survey of six hundred
