1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and forty acres of land made for George W. Paschal and B.
M. Pfuder, as&ignees of J. Houston, it being the land to
which they are entitled."
The names of B. M. Pruder and J. Houston are
erased. The words " they are" are erased, and
"he is" inserted. No explanation of this is given.
There is nothing in the transcript from this rec-
ord which shows that cither Paschal or Pruder or
Houston ever had any right or title whatever tn
this certificate. What is the evidence contained
in the survey itself? A survey made for these
men, who were strangers to the certificate, as own-
ers, showing 110 connection with the ownership
to the certificate at all, but simply reciting that it
is a survey for this certificate, No. 169. This cer-
tainly ought to be conclusive, because, unless the
claimant, Volcker, shows that he, or some man
under whom he claimed, has located his head-
right upon a particular tract of six hundred and
forty acres of land, there is no pretense that Con-
gress should give him a patent for it, any more
than the owner of a land warrant could come here
and ask Congress to give him a patent for a par-
ticular one hundred and sixty acres of land which
neither he, nor any one under whom he claimed,
had ever sought to locate his land warrant upon.
We do not deny the validity of this certificate so
far as ownership is concerned, and its right to
location in the State of Texas. If it is a valid
certificate, it is valid to-day against any lands in
the State of Texas.
I shall state one other fact, and then leave this
case; for it seems to me too plain for argument.
The survey, which it is sought to show applies
to this certificate, was made in July, 1850, when
the compromise measures, as they are called, were
pending before Congress; and the result of which
was, that Texas took a limitation of her bound-
aiies narrower than she had before claimed, and
left this land in the Territory of New Mexico, and
belonging to the United States. The fact appears,
that no attempt to record any one of these assign-
ments was ever made, until 1851, after those meas-
ures were complete, after the boundary of Texas
had been defined, so limiting it that these six hun-
dred and forty acres of land were thrown beyond
her jurisdiction. Then this man seeks to patch
up a set of certificates, and get them recorded in
Texas, under the law of Texas, so that he can
fasten on six hundred and forty acres of saline land
to which he has no right whatever. I think the
Senate will not only reconsider this vote, but they
will rejpet the bill.
Mr. PUGIi. I should like to ask the Senator
from Michigan a question, with his pcimission.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. PUGIi. Do i understand him to say that
the survey of this land specifics the number of the
certificate ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGrH. The cei tificate itselfis numbered ?
Mr. STUART. No. 169.
Mr. PUG-H. The survey is upon certificate No.
169?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGrH. Is not itait a sufficient identifica-
tion ? The survey may have been made by an
agent.
Mr. STUART, If the Senator had looked into
the laws of Texas, he would have seen that they
authorized a survey to be made by an agent; but
required the evidence of each step to be recorded,
so as to show that he was an agent acting for the
party that had an interest in the certificate. The
recoid shows that neither Paschal, nor Pruder,
nor Houston, under whom Volcker purpoits to
claim, ever had any interest in the certificate at all.
Air. PUGrH. That is, the record does not show
the assignment.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is, shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
time ?
The Senate refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed.
TENCH TILGKMAN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 60) for the
relief of Tench Tilghman; which will be read a
second time.
The bill was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Tench
Tilghman $1,000 for losses sustained by him in
consequence of his appointment to a consulate,
which was abolished by the Spanish Government
while he was on his way to take charge of it.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the bill be postponed
until to-morrow. The Senator from Louisiana is
not here.
The motion was agreed to.
FREDERICK A. BEELEN.
The bill (S. No. 61) for the relief of Frederick
A. Beelen, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Frederick
A. Beelen, Secretary of the United States legation
at Santiago, Chili, $,750, being the difference be-
tween the salary received by him, fioin the 1st of
July, 1855, to the 1st of January, 1857, and the
amount of salary to which he would have been
entitled,at the rate of compensation existing when
he was first appointed to that ofiicc.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report in
that case read.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, by which it appeared that
in August, 1854, Mr. Beelen was appointed sec-
retary to the legation in Chili, with a salary of
$2,000 per annum. He repaired to hiss post at
once, and continued, in the performance of its du-
ties up to January 1, 1857. In September, 1855,
he received a communication from the Department
of State, informing him that, under the constiuc-
tion given by the Attorney General to the act of
March ], 1855, "To remodel the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States," his salary
as secretary of legation at Santiago would be only
at the rate of $1,51)0 per annum from the 1st of
July of that year. The law reducing his salary
i thus had the effect of an cx po^-i Jactu law upon
I him. The lowest cost ofrc aching his post from the
| United States is $500, and the same amount paid
| in returning home, makes a sum equal to two
thirds of the salary for a whole year. lie is the
only officer in the diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment whose salary was reduced by the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JUDGE OF CRIMINAL COURT.
The bill (S. No. 64) to equalize the salaries of
ccrtam judges of the courts for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes, was read the
: second time, and consideied as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that the salaiy of the judge of the
criminal court of the District of Columbia shall,
from and after the commencement of the last fiscal j
year, be the same as the salary of an associate |
judge of the circuit court of the United States for j
tiiat District. It proposes to repeal so much of ;
the third section of the act of 7th July, 1838, en- !
titled " An act to establish a criminal court in the !
District of Columbia," as requires the clerk of j
the circuit court to attend the criminal court, and j
to authorize the judge of the criminal court to ap- I
point a clerk to that court. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without ;
amendment. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is, !
Shall the bill be engrossed, and read the third ■
time ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have objection to the
form in which this bill is drafted. I do not know
that [ have any objection to an increase of the
salary of the criminal judge^of this District. That
may be very proper: but I have an objection to
the manner in which it is proposed to do it. A
petition is sent here, asking to have the salary of
the judge of the criminal courtincreased,and for
what reason ? Because the judges of the circuit
court fur the District of Columbia receive a cer-
tain salary. Tiiat is the only reason. The petition
of the members of the bar states, that the duties
of the judge of the criminal court are equal to the
duties imposed upon the judges of the circuit
court; and therefore, they ask that his salary be
put on the same footing as that of the judges of
the circuit couit. And a bill is reported from the
Judiciary Committee to make his salary equal to
theirs, but not fixing it at any certain sum.
My objection is to this mode of legislation. J
would ask the question here of Senators, how
many of you know to-day what the salary of the
circuit judges in the District of Columbia is? If
Senators do not know, I should like to know how-
many of the people of the District of Columbia are
aware of the amount of salary paid to the judges
of the circuit court in this District. 1 apprehend
very few, and this is the way that salaries are
being raised. On account of some particular ser-
vice, which is imposed upon a public officer, his
salary is increased. For extraordinary scrvice his
salary is raised. Then follows a bill to place Uae
salaries of other officers, whose duties generally
correspond with his, upon the same footing; and
in that way the increase of the salary of onejudge
is made the stepping-stone for the increase of the
salary of another.
Now, sir, if this bill can be amended so as to
say, in so many dollars and cents, how much shall
be paid to the judge of the criminal court of the
District of Columbia, I am willing to vote him an
adequate salary; but if you place it on the ground
that his salary shall be the same as that of the
judges of the circuit court in the District of Co-
lumbia, then, if in aftertimes it should become
proper to increase the salaries of the circuitjudges
in consequence of special duties being imposed
upon them, the salary of the criminal judge will
go up also. I like to see plain language used in
our laws, that can be understood by everybody.
I am not prepared atthis moment with an amend-
ment which will carry out my object. If I was,
I should offerit now; but I am notftimiliarenough
with the wording of the bill to be prepared to offer
it without a little consideration. 1 hope the bill
will he over until I can prepare an amendment
fixingthesalaryofthe judge of the criminal court
at a ccrtain sum, because he is entitled to it, and
not because somebody else has a particular sum
for his services. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred a
protest against the election of the Hon. Graham
N. Fitch and the Hon. Jesse D. Bright as Sen-
ators from the State of Indiana, to submit a re-
port, accompanied by a resolution. As it is a
question of privilege, I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That in the ease of the contested election of the
Hun. Graham N. Pitch, and the Hon. Jesse D. Bright,
Semtois i etutned and admitted to their seats, from the Stafr*
ontidinna, that the sitting members, and all persons protest-
ing as>.un^t tinui election, or any of them, by them^elve-i, or
then a^ent* oi attorney-., he peimittcd to lake testimony on
the nidation*, ot the protestants and the sitting members,
toucmn<{ all matter* of fart therein contamod, before any
judseoj the di^tnetcoiut of the United States, or anyjudge
o! the Mipicnic or enciut courts of the State of Indiana,by
fn at 2i vmgten day-' notice ot the tun*1 and place of such pio-
eecchiig* in some public gazette printed at hidianapoiis.
Mr. BAYARD. At the suggestion of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
who says it will be argued, the resolution had
better go over until Monday.
The resolution lies over.
MICHAEL KINNY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
j ccedcd to consider the bill (S. No. 35) for the re-
! lief of Michael Kinny, late a private in company
I, eighth regiment, United States Army.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Michael Iimny on the pension list,
at the late of eight dollars per month, commencing-
on the 11th of December, 3856, and to continue
during his life.
Kinnyenlisted at Boston, July 6,1849,and was
honorably discharged July 6,1854, at Fort Bliss,
Texas. Subsequent to his discharge the follow-
ing remarks were found on a return from Fort
Clark, Texas, for the quarter ending September
30,1854, signed by Basil Norris, assistant surgeon
of the United Slates Army, now on file in the sur-
geon general's office: l< Oil the first of August I
amputated the thigh of a teamster for gunshot
wound through the knee-joint; the patient was
nursed by our attendants, and recovered with a
good stump." Itappears that the petitioner was
regularly employed in the quartermaster's de-
partment, una that while engaged in unloading a
wagon, he received the wound refcircd to. There
is in evidence that Michael Kinny was a man of
