2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
•Appropriation* necessary to com-*
plete the buildings at the follow-
ing-named places :
Custom-houses.
Ellsworth, Maine  $2,000 00
Portsmouth, IVew Hampshire.. . 50,000 00
Bristol, Rhode Island, including
fencing and grading  5,000 00
New Haven, Connecticut  60,000 0*)
Oswego, New York  10,000 00
Plattsburg, New York...  10,000 00
Newark, New Jersey............ 10,000 00
Norfolk, Virginia..    20,000 00
Pensacola, Florida  . 5,000 00
St. Louis, Missouri  20,000 00
Mobile, Alabama, including fen-
cing and paving    30,000 00
Galena, Illinois  10,000 00
Milwaukee, Wisconsin   10,000 00
Annual repairs  15,000 00
Marine hospital.
Portland, Maine  §3,000 00
St. Mark's, Florida  2,500 00
New Orleans, Louisiana, includ-
ing filling up site, guiding, in-
troducing gas and water pipes,
and fixtures, and fencing  85,000 00
Cincinnati, Ohio  50,000 00
Galena, Illinois    5,000 00
Annual repairs  10,000 00
appropriations required for fen-
cing, grading) pai>in , and fur-
nishing the following buildings^
which nave been or will be com-
pleted before the next session of
Congress:
Custom-houses.
Ellsworth, Maine  $3,000 00
Bath, Maine, furniture alone.... 1,100 00
Burlington, Vermont  4,GOO 00
New Haven, Connecticut  8,500 00
Oswego, New York  7,300 00
Plattsbnig, New York   9,900 00
Newark, New Jersey 5,'200 00
Alexandria, Virginia.   3,100 00
Norfolk, Virginia  12.000 00
Mobile, Alabama, furniture alane, 2,600 00
Pensacol.i, Florida  2,510 00
St. Lour*, Missouri  14,(J(K) 00
Louisville, Kentucky  3,900 00
Cleveland, Ohio  7,100 CO
Galena, Illinois  3,700 00
Milwaukee, Wisconsin  7,700 00
Marine hospital*.
Burlington, Vermont  $n,400 00
Chelsea, Massachusetts, out-
buildings, grading, and fencing, 19,700 0)
St. Mark's. Florida  1/200 00
Detioit, Michigan  7,f 00 00
Galena, 1 Union ,... >  3,K)0 00
Burlington, Iowa  4,100 00
- 257,000 00
160,500 00
97/100 00
Total appmpiintion asked for 
.jftl ,704,1)00 00
Mr. PUCrDI. I wish to ask the Senator from
Virginia a question. What is the gross amount
coveted by these various estimates m this amend-
ment?
Mr. HUNTER. One million seven hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. PUGII. I want to direct his attention and
that ot the Senate to the fact that three appropri-
ations amount to §1,150,000. Three of them are
more than two thirds of the whole—the Treasury
extension, the custom-house at New Orleans, and
the custom-house at Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. HUNTER. The explanation in regard
to the Treasury building I have given. In regard
to the custom-houses at New Oilcans and Chatles-
ton,as I have said before, the materials are deliv-
ered there. There were large contracts for mate-
rials, which have been delivered. This estimate
is only for so much labor as may be necessary to |
put up the material which is to be delivered under
contiacts. These contracts we must meet and pay
for.
Mr. PUG-H. I do not object to them, but when
I hear so much about geographical inequality of
appropriations, I direct the attention of the Sen-
ate to that fact.
Mr. HALE. It s-eems to me—I do not know
that it will do any good to mention it—that the
Senate ought not to pass this lightly over. Here
is an appropriation of $5u0,000 for the extension
of the Tieasury building, winch the chairman of
the Committee on Finance tells us is simply to
carry out contracts already made, by which the
material is to be delivered; and tins is for the labor
necessary to use it. I understand that such a
contract as that is illegal, and that neither the
Secretary of the Treasury nor anybody else had
any authority to make it; that the law of 1820
expressly forbids everybody, except the Commis-
sary General, and the Navy Department in cer-
tain instances, from making a contract, unless
there is a law especially for it, or an appropria-
tion adequate to it*, and if he has gone on and
made these contracts, without law and without
an adequate appropriation, I think the Senate
ought to look into it, and ought not to vote to pay
illegal contracts thus made by the Secretary.
Mr. HUNTER. They have not paid a cent, as
I understand. During the next fiscal year, under
contracts already made—made by the predeces-
sor of the present Secretary—this material will be
delivered. "When it is delivered under the con-
tract, it ought to be paid for; and when it is paid
for, then the only additional estimate is for labor
enough to use that material.
Mr. HALE. It is the very thing I am complain-
ing of, that the Secretary has made these contracts,
and made them in the very face of the law which
says he shall not make them unless there is a law
authorizing him to make contracts. I do notun-
derstand that there was in this case, and it is man-
ifest there is no appropriation adequate to carry
them out; for if there was, we should not be asked
to appropriate the money now. I am not willing
to register a decree of a million and a half of
money to carry out a contract which the Secretary
is forbidden to make.
Mr. KING. I desire to offer an amendment as
an additional clause:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is required to execute
the piovisions of the nets of Con^re.-.* appioved August 16,
1650, and JSI.uch 3, 1657, authorizing and duecting ihe said
Seoreraiy to eau^e to be conducted Imildiu^theiein men-
tioned for custom hotw> nnd post olliee purposes, and for
tin; accommodation ol the courts of United Stated, arid
the appiopuation* mido hy the >aul aotn are continued for
the puipos-e ol lhe execution of said piov.Monri of said laws.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe in equity that amend-
ment in not in order, but technically 1 suppose it
is, as the Senator has introduced it for the purpose
of carrying out the provisions of an existing law;
that is, to force the Secretary to proceed at once
to the erection of a building which he desires to
postpone. 1 suppose it is in order, but it certainly
ought not to be adopted.
Mr. KING. We have in this amendment of
the Committee on Finance, appropriations to meet
contracts and expenditures by the Secretary of
the Treasury which it is alleged, and not contra-
dicted by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance—I have not examined the laws m relation
to some of these approp nations myself—weie not
authorized by law. I ask that tin- Secretary of
the Treasury be directed to eariy out the provis-
ion of laws aheady passed , which it is obligatory
upon him to have executed ; arid I think it is with
a very bad grace that his friends, or the friends of
the Administration, come in here and ask that they
shall be excused from executing laws which were
passed when the funds were in the Treasury to
meet the expenses, and that we shall appropriate
for other purposes to meet contracts which were
not authorized by law, and not authorized by ap-
propriations; and thus, in fact, give to the exec-
utive department of the Government the entire
control of the Treasury nf the country. For what
purpose is it that laws are passed and appropria-
tions made ? Suiely that they may be executed
and carried out by that Department of the Gov-
ernment who exercise that duty. If they are at
liberty to execute a statute or not, to say *' this
law we will execute, and that we will not," and
then ask us to make appropriations to carry out
their purposes while they iefu.se to carry out ap-
propriations Congress have ordered, there is no
use of a Congicss at all. What are we to expect
m all the subordinate branches of the Government
if here, at the capital of the nation, the cluef ex-
ecutive officers utterly disregard the law, and as-
sume, as it is assumed by the chairman of the
committee here, that a discretion may exm with
the Executive Departments to execute a law or
not? I ask simply that the provisions of the taws
of 1^5(3 and 165? shall be executed, and I think
it a very reasonable request.
Mr. HUNTER, I will state the history of the
amendment of the Finance Committee. It was
offered m the House of Representatives, and that
House refused to adopt it. It was with great re-
luctance that I could bring my mind to agice to
it; but on the statement that it was necessary m
order to carry out contracts—and whether they be
legal or not it scarcely concerns us now to inquire,
for they were not made by the presentSecretary—
contracts which already existed for the material,
and for so much more labor as would be neces-
sary to use this material. To that extent I was
willing to go, but not one step further. If the
Senate introduced any one of these new works
where the completion can be postponed, and which
the Secretary of the Treasury has postponed in
consideration of the present condition of the Treas-
ury, I, for one, will vote against this amendment
which our committee have offered. In other
words, I was only willing to vote for it upon the
principle that 1 would go as far as was necessary
in order to save the public faith, and when the
material which we had thus contracted for was
delivered, 1 would vote as much more as was ne-
cessary to put that in a safe condition.
So far as the committee's amendment is con-
cerned, I simply seek to discharge a public duty;
I would not turn on my heel to save it. If Sen-
ators believe the contracts were made against law
—and that I neither affirm nor deny, for I have had
no means of examining into it; if they believe the
contracts were illegal let them vote them out; but
that is no reason for voting in others where we
can postpone the works and complete them at a
more convenient season, or when we have more
money in the Treasury. If they think the build-
ings which we pi opose to complete, and for which
we propose to appropriate money, ought to be
postponed, and the payment of those contracts
postponed because they were illegal, let them vote
them all out. I shall not say one word more in
their favor than I have already said, for it was
with great reluctance I went for them.
Mr. KING. I am m favor of economy in the
expenditures of the Government, and I will go as
far as any Senator m any action with a view to a
legitimate reduction of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. But there is a question here other than
the appropriation of £50,000 or $100,000 to any
particular purpose. We are called upon to vote
appropriations of millions. At the commencement
of this session we were asked to vote an appro-
priation of about nine milium dollars of deficiency,
which was concededly contracted on the part of
the Government without appropriations by Con-
gress. The Executive Departments go on and
make expenditures, and then come to Congress
and ask us to appropriate the money; and we are
to be told the honor of the country is concerned
in the payment of these debts because they have
been contracted, and we must vote the money,
when that same Executive Department refuses to
use the money m the Treasury for the purposes
for which Congress has appropriated it.
There are two sides to this question. The Ex-
ecutive Departments of the Government arc not
only spending millions of money unauthorized
by any action of Congress, but they are refusing
to expend money which they are authorized and
required by an act of Congress to expend for cer-
tain purposes. What does this lead to but the giv-
ing to the executive department the authority to
use the Treasury to its friends and partisans, and to
purposes that promote its own interest and views
where it pleases, with favor ? It is an authority that
never ought to exist with them. It does not exist
with them by law, and for one, I will never, by
my vote, ratify any such exercise of power by the
Executive, and 1 am surprised that there should
be an effort hero to sustain the Government!!) this
matter, by gentlemen who ask us, in the piesent
condition of the Treasury, to refrain from voting
largeappropilations. Why,sir,m the very prop-
osition to which I offer this amendment, there are
I heavy appropriations of $:20U,000, §300,000, and
! $500,001) to particular objects; $500,000 to the con-
; stiuction of the Treasury building here, a build-
l ing which is not wanted for any special or lmme-
1 diate purpose; and small appropriations over the
! countiy at other places are to be withdrawn from
! them until they shall have lapsed to the Treas-
1 ury, expired by the expiration of the force ot the
■ laws, and then perhaps never be done. In the
i one locality, about which I know something, a
i special and'pai ueular friend of the Administration
' has already obtained from the Department the pay
lor the sue ot the place, a sue m my judgment.
' not the veiy best that could have been found in
I the locality, but it was selected, and for that rea-
