404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
assemble in convention, they shall first determine by a vote
whether it is the wish of the people of the proposed State
to he admitted into the Union at that time ; and, if so, shall
proceed to form a constitution, and take all necessary steps
for the establishment of a State government, in conformity
with the Federal Constitution, subject to such limitations
and restrictions as to the mode and manner of its approval
or ratification by the people of the proposed State as they
may have prescribed by law, and shall be entitled to admis-
sion into the Union, as a Stale undersuch constitution thus
fairly and legally made, with or without slavery, as said
constitution may prescribe."
I tell you, sir, there is, substantially, the princi-
ple of the Crittenden-Montgomery bill, this " un-
paralleled outrage," supported by the friends, who
set out with the Senate bill and the Green amend-
ment, that is the identical thing that has been
passed, and is now glorified all over the country
with shouts and songs and feastings, by the very
men who denounced it so bitterly in the begin-
ning.
In reference to the allusion I made to the test
oaths imposed by the first Territorial Legislature,
my colleague mentions an oath to support the con-
stitution, and an oath to enforce the fugitive slave
law. There he stops.
Why docs he stop there? To impress, I pre-
sume, the southern people falsely that in my
speech I complained that the people of Kansas
were required to take an oath to support the Con-
stitution, and an oath to enforce the fugitive slave
law ? Did he not know and well understand me
to be referring to the extraordinary oaths which
prohibited the people from conversing on and de-
bating the question which, by the terms of the
Kansas-Nebraska act, was left for them to decide
among and for themselves? Why did he not
then go on and argue fairly, and not so unkindly
strive to fix odium on mc, as he well understood
that I was referring to these oaths >
He quotes from northern speeches, from those
whose sentiments are unpopular in the South.
Then, he asks," suppose the nnrneof the member
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] was attached r" &c.
Why did ho not copy from what was said in the
South as well as in the North? I read from the
.Richmond Enquirer. Speakine;of Kansas and the
Lccompton constitution, the Editor says:
41 We still believe that the constitutional convention, al-
though legitimately assembled, reported to n means of a mb-
lmsston ol the constitution entirely at vai lance with icpnb-
hcan principle and sanctioned by no piecedent of republi-
can hiatoiy. We cannot recognize that this constitution
has been either formally or virtually adopted, either by the
* convention at Lecompton or by the people of Kansas. We
con<idcr that the mode ot -ubmisMon resorted to was in-
tended to defeat, and did defeat, all fair expression of that
popular will to which the schedule of submission prote^ed
to defer. Under these circumstances we agreed, with a
large number of the Democratic party, by uimMhik thai a
constitution legally framed should also he legally adopted,
before it could be imposed by congressional action upon a
sovereign people ; that the Lccompton constitution should
be sulunittod to a full, fair, free animation to the people,
who should thus be enabled to elcct its ratification or ic-
jection."
That paper, it will be seen, holds that the con-
vention was legitimate, yet believes that it re-
sorted to means for the submission of the consti-
tution entirely at variance with the original design
and spirit of the Kansas bill and the wishes of
the people, lie might have added the views of
the Richmond Inquirer in the same connection.
What views did I take, oropinions express, in my
speech, that could call for congratulation fiom any
Abolitionist? He pointed to none—he could not
do it. i$ut he interpolates and adds extracts from
the views and speeches of others, and then adds,
as I have already said, " Suppose the name of
the member from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] was at-
tached,"&C. I admit there is a great deal of cun-
ning here. Why did he not select some portion
of my speech, and then ask the question whether
this man or that man's name attached to it would
reflect on me as a southern man? With all this
cunning and all this device, 1 must say, with all
respect, that in the nursing and fixing up of this
particular part of his speech, my colleague must
have had in his head full as much moon as sun-
light.
After showing, as I have already done, so much
unfairness, and so many errors, and misstate-
ment in my colleagues speech, I will now say
what is almost unnecessary, that the attempt he
so ungenerously and improperly makes to preju-
dice me in the eyes of my countrymen, excites
with me indifference, at the effects and results he
has so lamely and feebly attempted.
Then he attempts still further to prejudice me
by saying that the member from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] congratulated me on the speech that I made
on that occasion. When my colleague was upon
the floor, and gentlemen who were near me at the
time assured him that what was alleged did not
take place, I should have expected, at least it
would be expected, that he would have acknowl-
edged that he had been mistaken; butnot so. He
had risen to make the speech, and his speech he
made as he had fixed it up. What in my speech
was there that Mr. Giddings could congratulate
me on ?
And I would say here, with all submission,
that if we could bring about a state of things in
this country, when Mr. Giddings, or all others,
North or South, would be willing to congratulate
themselves upon the platform laid down in that
speech, it would be a better state of things than
now exists, or I fear will soon exist. I say, in
reference to my colleague's statement, however,
with a solemn regard to truth, that there is not a
word of truth in it. I do recollect that the mem-
ber from Ohio, in passing up the aisle, some dis-
tance from me, on the conclusion of my speech,
stopped and made some such remarks as he has
stated in his reported reply to my colleague,
about my having connected his name with that
of Mr. Buchanan. That I believe to be true; no
more.
I will concludc with an additional remark in
reference to the vote I gave for the compromise
bill. It was not such a bill as I fully approved.
I should have vastly preferied the Crittenden-
Montgomery bill. It was an honest bill. 11left
room for no double construction. Itdid not leave
room for southern men to say that there was no
submission, and for the northern wing of the
Democratic party to say that there was a submis-
sion. It came forward plainly, honestly, squarely,
and did the very thing it piofessed. True, the
bill which passed in substance was the same; only
leaving room for this double construction.
But, inasmuch as this odious Green amend-
ment, indorsing the objectionable doctrine which
it was intended to cover, was out of it; and inas-
much as it left this question to bo settled, where
perhaps it is best that it should be settled, the
South having nothing; to gain, I deemed it best to
vote for it. I said to my gallant southern comrades
who had fought the battle, that they had, in sub-
stance, all that they had been contending for. But
my gallant friends considered it their duty to pro-
ceed further; and, as their bill was in such a fair,
plain, and unquestionable form, they thought
themselves justified in pursuing those who had
abused and opposed them, until they should bring
them to their very terms, word for word and let-
ter for letter; and had they been successful, lam
now well satisfied that the bill would have ob-
tained the sanction of the other wmg of this Cap-
ltot, and would have given to the country a better
adjustment and secured the prospect of greater
satisfaction than the bill which finally received
the sanction of both Houses.
APPENDIX.
An act for the admission of the state of Minnesota into the
Union.
Whereas, an act of Congress was passed February 2G,
1857, entitled An act to authouzo the people of the Ter-
ritory ot Minnesota to form a conmuUtou and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the Union on
an equal footing with the original State*;" and whereas,
the people ot said Tei i itory did, on the 29th day of August,
1So7, by delegates elected (or that puipose, form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, which is le-
pubhean in form, and was iati!ied and adopted by the peo-
ple, at au election held on the IIHh day of October, 1&57, for
that puipose : Theietoio,
Be \t enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
oj the United Stales ef America m Congress assembled, That
the State of Minnesota e-hall be one, and is hereby declared
to be one, of the United States of America, and admitted
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States
m all respects whatever.
Sec. ei. And be it finther enacted. That said State shall
be entitled to two Representatives in Congress until the
next apportionment of Representatives amongst the several
States.
Sec. 3. And he itfwither enacted* That from and after
the admission of the State of Minnesota, as hereinbefore
provided, all the laws of the United States, which are not
locally inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect
within that State as in other States of the Union, and the
said State is hereby constituted a iudicial district of the
United States, within which a district court, with the like
powers and jurisdiction as the district court of the United
States for the district of Iowa, shall he established. The
judge, attorney, and marshal of the United States, for the
said district of Minnesota, shall reside within the same, and
shall be entitled to the same compensation as the judge,
attorney, and marshal of the district of Iowa; and in all
cases of appeal or writ of error heretofore prosecuted, and
now pending in the Supreme Court of the United States,
upon any record from the supreme couitof Minnesota Ter-
ritory, the mandate of execution or order of further proceed-
ings shall be directed by the Supreme Court of the United
States to the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Minnesota, or to the supreme court of the State of
Minnesota, as the nature of such appeal or writ of error
may require; and each of those courts shall be the suc-
cessor of the supieme court of Minnesota Territory as to all
such ca&es, with full power to hear and determine the same,
and to award mesne or final process therein.
ORIGIN OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 24, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Chairman: On a past occasion I made an
endeavor, and did not, I trust, entirely fail, to
prove that, with the diffusion of the human race
upon earth, in the customs of savage hordes and
the legislation of early nations—at the origins of
human societies and under the precepts of God,
directly revealed to his people, slavery, domestic
slavery, stood as a constant, primitive, and univer-
sal fact, before which the speculations of schools,
the reluctance of prejudice, or the whine of hy-
pocrisy are compelled to sink into either silence
or acknowledgment. I have appealed to the ear-
liest traditions of mankind; 1 have gone under
the tent of the patriarch, when he spoke face to
face " with the Lord out of heaven," and received
the piomises of the first covenant; I have entered
the precinct of the household which contained the
father of the family and the master of the bond-
man meigpd in one and the same person; I have
questioned the usages of nomadic tribes and the
legislation of civilized States—nay, I have inter-
rogated the sanctioner of all earthly legislation;
1 have, not irreverently, interrogated the law of
God himself, and each and all of them have armed
my postulate with defiant proof that slavery, far
from being the work of violence and of wrong, is
alike ratified by Divine wisdom and demanded
by social requirements.
This, I repeat it, the traditional voices of man-
kind; the usages of the patriarchal days; the
cycles of popular poetry; the enactments of man;
and the higher sanctions of the law of God—all
of them amply, unerringly, and irreversibly con-
verge to establish.
It does not belong to me, sir, to inquire how
those who have foregone the manlier attitude of
the antagonist to skulk under the more conge-
nial infamies of the traducer, can ever succeed in
scaling this battlement of proof. For my part,
aside from all human authority and legal defense,
1 am content impregnably to intrench the rights
of the South behind the muniments which the
! hand of the Almighty has reared; or, if for
1 greater security, to plant them upon the summit
of the rock where the law was proclaimed;
where, with the proclamation of the law was also
uttered the fiat which sanctioned slavery, and
settled the relations between the master and the
slave. And here, sir, I cannot, in this connection,
omit reference to a fact which struck me with pe-
culiar force, in the sequel of my inquiries. It is
a strange thing, yet no less tiue than strange,
that in this consecration of the Divine will, the
commandments themselves, given in the voice of
the thunder and the flash of the lightning; those
commandments which recognized and confirmed
the previously existing rights (Exodus, chapter
xx., verses 10-17) should, without any interpo-
sition of other matter, be immediately followed
by precepts settling and regulating the character
and status of slavery. (Exodus, chapter xxi. 
