1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1443
mission of the slavery question; and he thinks that
all future enabling acts should require the sub-
mission of the whole constitution, in all cases
whatsoever. He told us in his message that the
provision in the Minnesota bill requiring the
whole constitution to be .submitted to the people
was a wise example, and should become the gen-
eral rule in all time to come, never to be departed
from in any instance. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania consider the President as having
abandoned the Democratic party, as having vio-
lated popular sovereignty, as having resorted to
the doctrine of intervention when he made that
recommendation in his message that this wise pro-
vision of the Minnesota bill should be the uni-
versal and invariable rule of action in all future
time, so that no Territory should ever come with
an application for admission as a State until her
constitution had first been submitted to and rati-
fied by the people ?
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senate will remember that
I made a distinction between a case where Con-
gress takes the initiative and invites a State into
the Union, and this case, where the people had
gone on under their organic act, and made a con-
stitution and State government, and sent it up
here. It is intervention, because it proposes to
set aside what they have done, or to remand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The distinction is between
your right to deal with a man who enters your
house by invitation, and one who intrudes into it
without being welcome. It is admitted that if
Congress had taken the initiative, and invited
Kansas to come into the Union, and authorized
her to form a constitution and State government,
it would be proper and right to require her con-
stitution to be submitted to the people, in order
to ascertain whether it was their act and deed;
but, inasmuch as Kansas proceeded without the
authority of Congress, having neither our assent
nor our permission, Congress now should not ex-
amine the question whether the constitution pre-
sented is the act and deed of the people! What
is the object of requiring a submission of the con-
stitution to the people? Simply to ascertain
whether it be their act and deed; and this amend-
ment expressly declares that object: " Inasmuch
as it is greatly disputed whether the constitution
framed at Lecompton, on the 7th day of Novem-
ber last, and now pending before Congress, was
fairly made, orexpressed the will of the people,"
therefore it shall be submitted. Is it not your
duty to know whether the people of Kansas have
sent this constitution here as their will, before
you put it in operation, and make it theirfunda-
mental law? The object of submission is to as-
certain the fact whether it is the act and deed of
the people of Kansas; whether it embodies their
will. If it be their act and deed, I hold that you
cannot change it or alter it; if it be not their act
and deed, you have no right to give it the force
of law binding upon that people. The object of
this provision, therefore, is, to ascertain the fact
whether this Lecompton constitution is the act
of the people of Kansas; whether it embodies
their will.
The Senator from Pennsylvania does not deem
it a matter of any consequence whether a consti-
tution be the act of the people, whether item-
bodies their will or not, when he votes to admit
them into the Union; and he sustains that position
by citing the case of Florida, which formed a
constitution in 1838, sent it here in 1839, and was
received into the Union on the 4th of March,
1845, according to my recollection of the dates.
Because six years elapsed between the time of
her making that constitution and the time of our
accepting it, he draws the inference that it was
not the will of the people at the time we acted
upon it, and hence that it is proper in other cases
to declare an instrument the fundamental law of a
people which is known not to be their will, which
is known to be repugnant to their wishes, because
he infers that that was done in the Florida case.
Sir, if it was done in the Florida case, it should
never be done over again. I am not willing to
have Florida cued as a precedent to show that a
constitution is not expected nor desired to be the
e-mbodmient of the popular sentiment, and then
Kansas added as another precedent, founded on
the Florida case, to establish the doctrine that a
constitution is not to be the will of the people.
The Florida case, as a precedent for 'Kansas,
proves too much. It shows an attempt to intro-
duce a new doctrine into our political system; that
the organic law is not to be the embodiment of
the popular will; that the wishes of the people
have nothing to do with the provisions of their
constitution; that Congress may put any instru-
ment upon them it pleases, and require them to
take it and submit to it until they can get rid of
it either by revolution or according to the forms
of the instrument.
Sir, I repudiate that doctrine. That is not the
popular sovereignty to which I am committed.
That is not the great principle of self-government
which I desire to see carried out. I desire to see
the people of a Territory left perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way. When that language is used in the
Kansas-Nebraska act," their own way, "it refers
to the kind, the character of the institutions that
may be established by them, leaving Congress to
fix the time when they may proceed to act, the
number of population, the boundaries, and the
other considerations. But, sir, I hold that unless
a constitution be the act of the people to be gov-
erned by it, unless it be the embodiment of their
will, you have no power, no right, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, to force it on them.
Citing the Florida case to sustain this attempt,
only shows that there is an effort to ingraft upon
the action of this Government as a principle, that
hereafter Congress is not to inquire whether a
constitution presented for our acceptance is the
act and deed of the people or not. Sir, the illus-
tration of the Senator's argument strikes at the
basis of all free government; not only strikes the
foundations from under the Democratic platform,
but from under the American platform, and the
-Republican platform, and every other platform
that was ever formed by any party in this coun-
try, with reference to controlling its political des-
tinies. It is a great principle which underlies
all our institutions—the principle of self-govern-
ment—the right of a people to make their own
organic law under which they are to live.
That is what is involved in this question. The
House amendment sanctions and carries out that
principle; it declares that Kansas is hereby ad-
mitted on the fundamental condition precedent,
that this constitution shall be submitted to the
people, and if ratified, the President shall declare
Kansas to be in the Union without further action;
if it be rejected, they shall proceed to make an-
other constitution, and the President shall declare
them in the Union, without further action, with
the constitution they may make. This amend-
ment, therefore, accomplishes two great objects.
First, it settles the Kansas dispute forever by
making the passage of this bill a finality, thus
localizing the controversy; second, it secures the
great fundamental principle of self-government,
which authorizes the people to make their con-
stitution to suit themselves, and change it when-
ever they please, in accordance with their own or-
ganic law. Why, then, should we not all unite
on this proposition ?
' We are told that the country is tired of this
controversy; that the country desires peace upon
the slavery question; that the country desires
Kansas to be taken out of politics, and out of
Congress. Vote for this amendment, and Kan-
sas is out of politics and out of Congress. Vote
for this amendment, and there is an end of the
controversy. Vote for this amendment, and the
right of self-government is preserved. Vote for
this amendment, and State rights and State sov-
ereignty are maintained. Vote for this amend-
ment, and there is peace in the country, founded
on just, constitutional, sound political principles.
I will not continue the discussion, because I know
the Senate desires a vote.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, the question be-
fore the Senate is not any longer on the passage
of the Senate bill—it is on the passage of the
House bill. A liberal construction of the resolu-
tions of instruction which I have received from
the General Assembly of Ohio, and by which my
vote was governed on the former occasion, would
as much require me to vote against the House
bill as the Senate bill. But the emergency is evi-
dently one which the General Assembly did not
contemplate, and in which, therefore, I must con-
sult my own judgment and their views, as far as
I can gather them. According to fliy apprehen-
sion of what is due to this case, the House amend-
ment is utterly inadmissible. It is a violation, as
I understand it, of every principle on which Con-
fress can admit a new State; or every safe prece-
ent; and aviolation of every principle heretofore
professed by the Democratic party of the United
States. It is an unfair bill. It cannot make peace.
It can make nothing but disturbance in Kansas,
and everywhere else. I shall endeavor to sus-
tain these propositions as the reason why, cer-
tainly to my own entire and perfect satisfaction, I
shall vote against that bill at every hazard.
The main idea of this proposition, or rather ita
pretension, is that the Congress of the United
States remands the constitution of Kansas to a
vote of the people; and what for? Who au-
thorized us to remand that constitution to a vote
of the people ? Is it for us, the Congress of the
United States, to dictate to the States how they
shall form and ratify their constitutions ? Where
have we obtained any such power as that ? If we
can require it in the case of a new State, we can
require it in the case of an old State. Our au-
thority is the same over all of them. The new
States are to be admitted on an equal footing with
the original States. It is for the people of Kan-
sas, acting through the forms of law, to say in
what manner their constitution shall be formed
and ratified. They have said it in every manner
in which the people can speak. In the act of Au-
gust, 1855, they instructed their Territorial Legis-
lature to provide for calling a convention. TTiat
was the first act of the people. That Legislature,
in obedience to a direct vote of the people, and its
members being also elected by the people, pro-
ceded to form a law and to enact it, providing for
the assembling of a convention and the election
of delegates: They expressly omitted any pro-
vision requiring the constitution to be submitted
to a popular vote; and when the Governor returned
the bill without his signature, on the express
ground that it contained no such provision, the
representatives of the people in the Territorial'
Legislature, speaking for the people, passed it
over his veto, and declared by a two-thirife vote,
in each House,, that the constitution should be
submitted to the people or not, as the convention
itself might choose.
Under that charter, in full view of all these cir-
cumstances, with a full knowledge of the fact that
the delegates about to be elected and about to ba
assembled in convention had perfect and full dis-
cretion whether they would or would not submit
the constitution, the people chose those delegates.
They confided to those delegates the discretion
whether the constitution should or should not be
submitted. Now, sir, we have had the act and
deed of the people at every stage; instructing the
Legislature to pass a law; speaking through the
Legislature in the form of law; speaking through
the Legislature again, when Governor Geary's
veto was overruled; speaking by the direct voice
of the people when the delegates were elected ill
June. This convention met. It is the imperson-
ation of the people; it is the will of the people; it
is the act and deed of the people; and it speaks the
voice of the people. There is no other voice of
the people; there can be no other, under our form
of representative government. It seems to me a
plain proposition; but that it may not stand on
my authority, I shall quote again what was said
by Mr. Webster, in his famous argument in the
case of Luther to. Borden:
"Let us ail admit that the people are sovereign. Jay said
that in this country there were many sovereigns and no sub-
ject. A portion of this sovereign power has been delegated
to Government, which represents and speaks the will of the
people, as far as they chose to delegate their power. Con-
gress have not ail; the State governments have not all. The
Constitution of the United States does not speak of the Gov-
ernment; it says tile United States. Nor does it speak of
the State governments; it says the States ; but it recognizes
governments as existing. The people must have represent-
atives. In England, tile representative system ongiuated,
not as a matter of light, but because it was called by the
ICins- The people complained sometimes that they had to
send up burgesses. At last there grew up a constitutional
representation of the people. In our system, it grew up
dilFerently. ft was because the people could not actin mass,
and the right to choose a representative is every man's por-
tion of sovereign power."
That is a sentence worthy of Mr. Webster:
" The right to choose a representative is every man's por-
tion of sovereign power. Suffrage is a delegation of polit-
ical power to some individual."
Again:
" It has been said by the opposing counsel, that the peo-
