1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Origin of Slavery—Mr. Kcitt.
Ho. op Reps-.
verses 2, 4, G, 7, 20, 26, 27, 32.) Yes, turn to
that Book, which, in all the things of human life,
is one of perpetual relevancy, because it is the
Book of eternal wisdom and truth,and any think-
ing and honest man must also be struck with this
peculiarity in this question of slavery, which the
Almighty, in his decrees, has seen fit to conse-
crate, but which some of his miserable, pre-
sumptuous creatures, in their superior wisdom
and holier claims, would damn into an abomina-
tion and a sin. As in our organic law its crea-
tors, after the declaration of the objects and
principles of government, gave the most promi-
nent place to the duties and inhibitions—marked,
in a specific form for the framers,the expounders,
and the executives of the supreme law; so in the
Divine constitution, after the declaration of the
moral law and of the requirements of Divine
worship, out of the multiplicity of precepts which
He hadtoimpose,and which He did impose upon
His people, God seems specially to have selected
this question of slavery to make it the subject of
a particular determination of duties and delega-
tion of powers, enjoined and conferred on Moses,
the organ and exponent of His law.
That law, Mr. Chairman, endured in its full-
ness, as the expressed will of the Maker, until it
pleased Ilim again to reveal that will to His crea-
tures and to send His Messiah as the witness of
that revelation. It remained in vigor, unmodified
and unchanged, save in the necessities of the new
scheme, among which slavery was not reckoned,
by Him who emphatically declared, " 1 am not
come to destroy, but to fulfill" the law, which He
committed to His ministers in their prose'ution
of His divine mission. By them it was transmit-
ted to their successors, and by these, in an un-
broken line, to the succeeding agents who con-
tinued that work. And thus, sir, down the steep
of ages, until our days of new lights and modern
improvements, when it is sought to substitute a
sickly philanthropy for the salutary precepts of
the Creator, our days of fanatical innovations and
dissolving doctrines, in which the voice of the
Romillies, tlie Wilberforces, and the Clarksons,
denouncing ihe law'of God, lound an echo in our
own second-handed Abolition conferences, in our
modest revisers of the olden creed, and northern
editors of a new code of Christianity. Prom ne-
gation to negation they have gone on repudiating
the traditions of the original code; repudiating the
customs of the past which it sanctioned; repudi-
ating the formal instructions of the earliest apos-
tles; repudiating, when they did not actually
criminate, the silence of the Savior himself; they
have gone on thus, until, in one crowning act of
impious insolence, howling for " an anti-slavery
Bible and au anti-slavery Godthey have repudi-
ated the written law of the divine Legislator, and
ex cathedra declared his own institution and con-
secration of slavery to be a defilement and a crime.
If we, sir, who claim a twofold guarantee for the
rights of the slaveholder, in the legal sanction and
the Divine injunctions, which I take to be the
very duramen of the institution and its growth,
are tainted by such defilement and guiltyof such
crime; if these men, instead of being impious
maniacs and malicious slanderers, are the assert-
ors of truth and the vindicators of right; then shall
we have to reverse the injunctions of the apostles
delivered in the prosecution of their ministry, and
baptized in the holy spirit of knowledge and truth;
shall have to load our souls with the guilt of
the blasphemer and condemn the Savior for his
silence on this question of slavery, or interpolate
His teachings dispensed to those apostles as the
muniments of their approaching ministry. Then,
sir, shall we be compelled to rend asunder the sla-
very record of Exodus, extended over the chap-
tersof Leviticus, and reaffirmed in the second pro-
mulgation of the law through the precepts of Deu-
teronomy. Compelled, sir, if these men are to
escape the stigma which should attach to them as
willful falsifiers of the word of God, to pervert
every line of Scripture, and blot out the decalogue
itself; which, embodying the sum of our moral
duties and religious obligations, embodies also a
recognition of slavery.
But we of the South, with no claim to self-sus-
taining godliness and with no impudent preten-
sions to reform or amend the word of God, must
be content to abide by its precepts, and cling to
its securities. We cannot, therefore, consent that
it shall be so lacerated as to pluck away from its
prohibitions, not a denunciation of slavery, but
that command which should forbid them " to bear
false witness against their neighbor." Hence,
sir, respecting that law, in all its bearings, we re-
spect it in its bearing upon slavery, where its rec-
ognition by man is corroborated by the sanction
of Heaven. It has the authority of covenant and
time for its applications in human societies. It
has the authority of apostolic instructions, and of
Christian practice. It has the authority of the can-
ons and decretals of the Church, when there was
but one Church on the face of the earth. It has the
authority of imperial rescripts and royal decrees,
not condemned by the spiritual dicta of the Church.
It has the authority of parliamentary statutes, of
colonial regulations and State laws, which rec-
ognize its concordance and fitness with slavery.
Slavery, sir, under that law, has claimed and ob-
tained the assent of universal custom and right;
and we contend that a disinterested renunciation, or
pious non-user of a right, on the part of any ln-
individual, community, or Slate, can never dis-
parage the authority of that law, affect the sanc-
tity of our rights, or pervert their exercise into
an imputation of wrong. No, sir; we cannot allow
those men, unmasked and unrebuked, to mutilate
the record for purposes of malice, of falsehood,
and of strife. The municipal law of modern times
is but the binomial affirmation of the Divine law
of ancient days; and upon both we stand, and
shall ever stand, as a tower of impregnable
strength.
Painfully aware am I, Mr. Chairman, that this
is not the place where the question of slavery, in
this view—I mean in the religious view—should
be discussed. But when the assault is not con-
fined to the declarations of conferences, and the
decrees of synod; to the rabid vituperations of the
rostra, and the scurrilous amenities of the pulpit;
when the trained and prompted retailers of secu-
lar slanders and holy falsehoods come here, where
all meet upon an equality of political rights, what-
ever distinction may be marked by a sense of per-
sonal dignity, and the despotism of gentlemanly
nurture—come here, and upon this floor, " like
hounds let loose from leash," day after day howl
in our ears that we are " men stealers;" that we
are breakers of the Divine law; that slavery has
the curse of God upon its head; and that our
maintenance of the system is a sin in His eyes;
we may be pardoned for overlooking the propri-
eties of place, and even " wcr 'tin a church," not
refrain from repelling the assault where it is made,
and tlie falsehood where advanced. "Why, sir,
even those who profess to stand by our rights
modify the admission by the salvo that slavery,
though a shocking thing, is our own business and
concern. They justify their gingerly advocacy
of what they call the rights of slavery, as existing
in the States, by the complimentary avowal that
" our people are not their people, and our God
their God." That our people and our God are
not their people and their G od, we have abundant
and satisfactory proof. The burning sense of
wrong that kindles the southern heart; every
pulse which, in the southern bosom, beats in an-
swer to the voice ofjustice, tells us that our people
cannot be their people. That their God is not,
and cannot he our God, we have the evidence in
their persistent repudiation of His law, and then
willful perversion of its precepts.
For the delicate allotment in the former case,
of the suuincuique, Mr. Chairman, and the proper
discrimination between our people and theirs, they
have the due acknowledgments of one, at least,
who would regret to find misconception or con-
fusion existing on that score. For the duality of
the godship, in the latter instance, I am not other-
wise- prepared, nor is it quite my province to ac-
count. I am, however, reminded of the congrat-
ulations of the Roman poet:
<•' o ; pandas gentes, quibus liajc naseuntur, ia iioitis
Nuimna"—
congratulations addressed to " that holy race
whose gods in gardens grow;" whilst mine may
not be withheld from the people; not ours, whose
inventive genius, among others of its achieve-
ments, has secured -for them a patent northern
god, in a Yankee heaven. I am satisfied, sir, to
give wide berth to this horrid idol of northern con-
trivance—horrid indeed, sir, if we are to judge
of its character by the madness and impiety to
which its baleful spirit is driving its fanatical
worshipers. I give it wide berth to cling to the
God whom we acknowledge in reverence and
truth, the God of our fathers; who has smiled,
and who continues to smile, in kindness and pro-
tection, upon both master and slave; the God of
out-fathers in the trial times of our struggle, whose
light they invoked in the deliberations of the coun-
cil-room, and to whose might they appealed in
the arbitrament of the battle-field; the God who
breathed wisdom in their councils, and gave
power to their arms; the God who, in the day of
ordeal, with the scales of justice in His hand,
swayed the beam on the side of victory and right.
This, sir, is our God—the God whose paths wo
have striven to pursue, and whose mandates we
have labored to obey. This God tlie very broth-
erly spirit of our northern friends has differenced
from theirs.
In the prosecution of this duty to the South,
and in vindication of its traduced and slandered
people, to Him and to His law, its permissions
and its guarantees, I confidently'appeal to shake
off the responsibility which the repeate'd asser-
tion that slavery is a sin, because it is an assumed
violation of the justice of God, seeks to impute to
us as breakers of the Christian law in the main-
tenance of the institution in our political and do-
mestic society. Why,sir,the news current upon
your streets but yesterday tells you that a reli-
gious conference—a religious conference !—at the
Noith, following scores of other conferences of
the kind, by a vote of fifty-one against thirty-five,
passed resolutions—affirmed resolutions,'decree-
ing us and our people of the South to be violators
of the law of God, and of the teachings of His Son.
The duties of the headsman, performed on some of
the more distinguished felons, .were wont, in times
past, to borrow a relative dignity from the charac-
ter of the criminals. But. the office of an execu-
tioner, discharged even on these saintly culprits of
ours, can be but loathsome at best. Hence, sir, I
shrink from branding these pious perverters of
truth with the stigma duo to the falsehoods which
they, with fiendish malice and unstinted breath,
daily drivel against the institutions, the morals, and
the religion of the South. Were it not for the obliga-
tion incumbent on this discussion to pluck the mask
from the face of error, and to champion the sano-
tities of truth, I would scarcely waste the breath to
ask them to point out to us where Christ taught,
where Christ hinted, that slavery, as He found it
established by the will of His Father, uttered on
the heights of Sinai—that slavery, as He found it
under the derivative authority of human legisla-
tion, is a violation and a breaking of His Divine
precepts? Humbly and reverently, sir, have I
scanned those precepts; not to falsify, not to warp,
but to understand and respect; and nowhere yet
have I been able to find a line that will either
screen our slanderers from the guilt of willful ob-
liquity from the paths, which, in this respect, He
has marked for our feet, or subject us to the charge
of a departure from His intents in the same re-
spect. It is our sincere acknowledgment,on the
contrary, that His teachings, without conceit of
ourselves, or disparagement of others,areaguido
to our lives, and a sacrament to our hopes; and
we keep them sacred and free from the thousand
worldly stains by which, through their prostitu-
tion of ielision to political and secular ends, our
traducers blur the holiness and deform the beauty
ofHis worship,in persistent contempt of His a.u-
moniuon, u My kingdom is not of this world.
Much as the fact may exercise the incredulity
of our northern friend*—credulous m all else that
promises full scope for the pursuit of serious fol-
lies and fanatical aims—I assert this, in the name
of a high-thoughted and generous people, whose
only guilt is blindness to the refined civilization,
and rebellion against the self-seeking morality of
a self-righteous North. I do it in the name and
on behalf of the mothers, of the South, before the
moral splendors of whose home-virtues and ex-
emplary lives the fame of the Roman matrons
dwindles into an empty boast. I assert it in the
name and on. behalf of the daughters of the boutli,
