2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
while at the same time the appropriations which
were made by Congress must, in his discretion, go
unexecuted. I object to that arbitrary discretion
which undertakes to say that an appropriation
made by Congress in the distribution of these
necessary buildings for purposes wanted for the
public in all quarters? of the country, shall be used
here, and shall not be used there.
Here in the amendment of the Finance Com-
mittee is $300,000 for the custom-house at New
Orleans. I do not say they do not need it; I dare
say they do need it.' Here is also §300,000 for
the custom-house atCharieston. I know nothing
about the facts; I dare say they want it to curry
out contracts. Here is also $500,000 for the Treas-
ury building. I bring to yourattention some small
appropriations of fifty or one hundred thousand
dollars for a few remote places on the frontiers, in
which the Secretary has not only been authorized
to erect the buildings, but all discretion has been,
by the statute itself, taken from him. He is au-
thorized and directed to do it. Now, by what
authority does he withhold the money and appro-
priate it for other purposes? That is what he has
(lone. He has not failed to use the money because
he did not have it, I would say to the Senator
from Georgia, but he has taken the money which
was in the Treasury, and bought up from broker*
and bondholders the bonds which they held; lie
has paid an enormous premium for those bonds,
and thus diverted the use of these funds; and it
is that arbitrary discretion of which I complain.
There may be cases where he wants to use the
funds for necessary purposes. To that I would
not object; but I say he should be required, and
Congress should hold him to accountability, for
carrying out and executing laws which they pass,
and which they direct him to execute, and which
he has had full ability to execute.
Mr. TOOMBS. X will certainly relieve the Sen-
ator from New York from any obligation to fur-
nish me any brains in this case, because 1 have
seen nothing m that Senator's course which indi-
cated that he could spare any. It has not been
shown that the Secretary of the Treasury has, in
any instance, spent one dollar other than by Saw;
ana I undertake to say no such rase can be shown.
I am quite certain the Senator from California is
mistaken in the ease he suggested, for I happen
to know something about that. That case of
Eld ridge grew out of a lease which had been made
many years before of certain buildings, i happen
casually to know it from the fact that a person in-
terested in it mentioned the subject to me. When
the buildings were given up, the question of that
settlement was under a lease already existing,
and under which, I believe, from recollection, the
houses were put up, and it was done in direct con-
formity to law, and the contract was made in
pursuance of law. I do not recollect the partic-
ulars, but I knowMr. Eldridge's ease was of that
kind.
Mr. BROOKRICK. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. RLIODEU1CK. In '1859, Mr. EMridge
made a contract with the Government to erect a
building for a warehouse. The collector of cus-
toms, Mr. King, was directed to pay him $72,000
to erect the building, so that, he did not take a dol-
lar out of his own pocket. The Government then
paid $G,000 a month for four years, i believe.
The Government had appointed an appraiser, and
Mr. Kldridge,or his agent in California—for 1
believe at that time he was on this side of the
mountains—had appointed another appraiser, and
they were adjudicating the matterat the very time
when the news arrived in San Francisco that Mr.
Cobb had settled with Mr. Eldridge for §110,000.
Just before that settlement was made, the collect-
or of the customs subleased the building to a gen-
tleman by the name of Rickey. After advertis-
ing for contracts, Mr. Hiekey got the building,
and the collector entered into a contract with him
to pay him $-30 a month as a bonus for taking
the building off the Government's hands. A few
weeks subsequently, Mr. Hiekey was ejected from
the building, after making the contract with the
collector. It seems, then, that the collector of
customs in San Francisco, the gentleman who
made the sublease to Mr. Hiekey, did not know
anything about this matter. The former Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Mr. Guthrie, refused to set- I
tie with these parties; and 1 believe the settlement 1
was made without the knowledge of any of the
Representatives or Senators from California.
Mr. TOOMBS. I only know that that ques-
tion was brought before the Department as I said,
and settled, 1 have no doubt, according to law.
If the Senator from California desires to know
how it was, let him introduce a resolution asking
for it, and no doubt he can get it in a moment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I introduced a resolution
of inquiry some three weeks since, wherein I
made serious charges against the San Francisco
postmaster, and I have never heard anything
about the resolution since. Objections were made
at the time to the phraseology of my resolution,
I allowed gentlemen to put it in such a shape as
they pleased. It finally passed unanimously, but
: T have never heard a word from the Postmaster
General since, and I therefore am tired of intro-
ducing resolutions of inquiry addressed to the
Departments.
Mr. YULEE. I can explain that matter to
the Senator from California. An answer to his
resolution is in the course of preparation; but I
will state to the Senator that his resolution called
for information in relation to a matter, the copy-
ing of the papers of which would require the time
of two clmks for four or five months; and if he
expects a report to be made on such a case within
two weeks he has not appreciated the magnitude
of the task he has imposed on the Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I beg to be relieved from the
idea of going into another class of cases. The
particular case I was on, was in reference to the
couise of the Secretary of the Treasury, with
whom I am better acquainted than with the Post-
master General; but 1 have no doubt the Senator
from California will find, when he gets his inform-
ation, that it is all right. At all events, 1 shall
resene my opinion until 1 see the evidence, it
not being my habit to form a judgment until I
know the facts.
The amendment of the Senator from New
York, to which I have objected, is in thebe words:
uThat the Secretary of the Trea-uiry is required iu exe-
cute the provisions of the acts of Congress, approved Au-
gust lC>j and Mrnch 3, 1857, authorizing and dnect-
iiip the ^aid Secretary to oaiis-c to he constructed buildings
thc-ieui mentioned toi custom-house and post office pur-
poses, and toi tho accommodation of the courts of the Uni-
ted Stales; ami the appropriations made by the said acn
are continued for the purpose ot' tiie execution of the bind
provisions of said law*."'
I again state, that one of the reasons why they
have not progressed with them, is the want of
money in the Treasury. Certainly, as to those
directed to be built by the act of March 3d, 1857,
they could hardly have been commenced by this
time, even if the money had been in the Treas-
ury. If they stopped after giving the Senator's
friend the pay for the site of the building, which
I take to be the first step, then it was certain the
money in the Treasury was short; and it is cer-
tain that was the reason the Secretary of the Treas-
ury gave why these appropriations have not been
carried out. He states, in his report, that the
money in the Ttcasurv being short, he applied it
first to the most pressing objects of public neces-
sity. The money is not in the Treasury now;
and I believe it has not been provided with very
great alacrity by the Congress of the United States,
or at least not without a good deal of grumb-
ling.
As to the cnses of misapplication to which the
Senator alluded, I say lie has failed to exhibit,
and he cannot exhibit, a case in which one dol-
lar has been expended without authority of law.
The cases he put as to the deficiency bill, are not
only not cases where money 1ms not been spent
illegally, but they are cases where it has not been
spent at all. I should suppose it would not take
the application of a great deal of brains to determ-
ine that when the officers come here for defi-
ciencies of appropriation for authority to spend
money for particular objects, it is very clear that
they had not spent the money, or they would
not come here. In the very case to which the
Senator alluded, the officer came here with a re-
poit showing that he had not expended a dollar;
but he ;<uid the public interests required a certain
expenditure for which there was no appropria- i
tiou, and he came here and asked for authority :
of law to make contracts. I know that was the ]
case with the deficiency bill. I did not approve :
of many of the items of that bill. The evidence ,
was laid before the Senate showing the state of
the case in regard to it; and therefore I think the
allegation is gratuitous that money has been ex-
pended for purposas not warranted by law, or
that it was diverted from an express appropria-
tion, and used for purposes for which it was not
appropriated. That I understand to be the charge
of the Senator from New York, and I say that
charge is unfounded. The taking up of the pub-
lic debt was authorized by law. The Secretary
of the Treasury had a right to use the public
money for that object to such an extent as he
deemed proper. The fact that the falling short
of the revenues in September and October, was
not foreseen, was a mistake into which thousands
of the Senator's constituents and the whole coun-
try fell. It resulted from the universal break-
down in the city of New York, and throughout
that section of the United States. He had a right
to use money to take up the public debt. That
process had been going on for years. Thirty-
five million dollars had been expended before
under the law for that purpose, and the present
Secretary of the Treasury I believe expended less
than five million dollars for it. Here were ap-
propriations standing over of fifteen or twenty
million dollars, and he had to select those which
were most pressing, unless all the dollars in the
Treasury were expressly appropriated for build-
ing unnecessary post offices, court-houses, and
custom-houses, which had not been commenced
at all. I say the Senator cannot maintain the
allegation he makes, he cannot show that one
dollar has been applied against law, and the whole
result of the complaint is that there was not
enough money in the Treasury to meet the appio-
priations made by Congress; and there will not
be enough now, if the Senator from New York
and his friends here can succeed. They would
appropriate $600,000 for which they have not
borrowed and for which they do not estimate that
the revenue will be sufficient. He will oifer or
sustain no amendment here to give the Secretary
of the Treasury means to carry out an appropri-
ation to improve rivers and harbors for which
he votes. It will certainly never be done in the
present condition of the Treasury unless the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall suppose these are
the most proper objects to which to appropriate
a deficient fund, which I do not think likely.
These gentlemen seem willing enough to appro-
priate, but they are very unwilling to raise the
means, particularly by way of loan, and yet they
call on the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
out the laws of Congress appropriating money.
Put the money there, and he has no object or
motive not to carry out the law as declared by
Congress, and I have no doubt no case can be
shown in which he has ever applied a single dol-
lar except in conformity of law, and he is ready
to apply money as you please when he finds it
appropuatod, if he has it.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Georgia says
the Secretary has not spent this money, because
it was not appropriated; that he did not have the
money to pay. The profligate who luns in debt,
and contracts a debt that his fuends or country
have to pay for him has, in my judgment, spent
money. The contracts are made, and they come
here and ask Congress for appropnations upon
the ground that the honor, the faith of the coun-
try is pledged to pay the money; and yet the Sen-
ator from Georgia tells me that the money has not
been .spent.
Air. TOOMBS. Allow me to correct the Sen-
ator on a plain matter of fact. Did not the officer
say it was not contracted for—not a dollar of it?
You state a fact directly in the face of the state-
ment of the Treasury officer. Then it makes a
mere issue of veracity between you and him. Ho
says he lias not doue it.
Mr. KING. The excuse of the chairman of
the committee is, that contracts for $500,000 in
this very amendment were made by the predeces-
sor of the present Secretary of the Treasury.
We are told that contracts have been made, and
the obligation to pay has been created, and the
avails of these expenditures have been received
by the Government, and therefore there is a ne-
cessity to pay them m all such cases; and where
that has been done, even though it had been a
pretty hard case-  
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a different class of
cases.
Mr. KING. I am speaking of all cases, and I
