1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
ptec&B get together, call themselves so many thousands, and
establish i whatever form oir government they please. But
otWrs tnnst have the same right. We [lave then a stormy
South American liberty, supported by arms to-ilny, and
erushed by arms to-morrow. Our theoiy places a beautiful
Co.ce on liberty, and makes it powerful for good, producing
no tumults. 'When it is neccssary to ascertain the will of
ttie people, the Legislature must provide the means of as-
certaining it. The Constitution of the United States was
established m this way. £t was recommended to the States
to send delegates to a convention. They did so. Then it
was recommended that the States should ascertain the will
oftho pe'ople. Nobody suggested any other mode."—7 How-
ard's Reports, pp. 30-31.
Now, sir, I say that the act and deed of the
people has been made in every form known to
the law up to the assembling of the convention at
Lecompton. Unless you are to have what Mr.
Websterproperly callsa South American liberty,
the liberty of those who are the strongest, the
liberty of those who choose to take arms in their
hands instead of abiding a peaceful arbitration of
their differences, there can be no other act and
deed of the people than as expressed in the forms
of law. 1 say this convention, when it was as-
sembled, was the representative of the people of
Kansas; nobody else was authorized to speak for
the people of Kansas; and the convention was
authorized to speak, and it was authorized as
plainly as if it had been so written in the act pro-
viding for the election of the delegates, cither to
submit the constitution in whole, or in part, to
popular ratification. Wow, we, not elected by the
people of Kansas, not responsible to the people
of Kansas, but elected by, and responsible to the
people of the other States, propose to take into
our hands the formation and regulation of all the
political affairs of this now State. We propose
to say to this convention that we will define their
powers; that we will prescribe for tliem different
powers from those which the people conferred.
It seems to me that on no sound pnnciple, with
no just regard to the doctrine of a representative
Government, with no just regard to the reserved
rights and sovereignty of the States, can Congress
ever undertake to require the ratification of the
constitution of a new State in a different manner
from that which the people themselves have pro-
scribed. I do not say it is merely intervention;
for that has come to be a catch-w'ord; I say it is
trampling under foot the sovereignty and the
rights of the States. If you admit Kansas into
the Union at all, you must admit her on an equal
footing with the original States, and you must do
nothing with her, or to her, that you would not
do to any State already in the Union.
Cut we are referred to the act of the last Con-
gress preparatory to the admission of Minnesota,
and we are told that is a precedent which elicited
no dispute in Congress. It elicited no dispute,
because it attracted no attention. I observe, by
a reference to the Congressional Globe, that that
bill, in its present shape, passed the other House
under the operation of the previous question, with-
out ever having been printed. It was brought into
the House at the last hour, as an amendment to
a former bill; and, having been offered and hast-
ily read, by the dispensation of the previous
question it was put through that House. I think
we debated it a week on the piovision for alien
suffiage; but I did not hear a single Senator, either
for the bill or against it, make the least allusion
to the fact that it required the constitution of that
State to be submitted to a vote of the people. 1
ilo not know how many Senators were aware of
that provision. Perhaps the Senator from Illinois
was; I was not. I did not know there was any
such provision in the bill until long after the ad-
journment of Congress. If I had known it, and
a motion had been made to strike it from the bill,
I should have voted to strike it out of the bill, for
I would have required of Minnesota nothing more
than had been required in former times of other
States. That is the only case to be found in all
the legislation of Congress,from the earliest times,
in winch we have required the constitution of a
State to be submitted to a vote of the people. It
is a ease that passed without discussion; it is a
case where there was no debate in either House
on the question; and I certainly need not tell an
assembly of gentlemen, a majority of whom are
lawyers, that no case is authority upon any ques-
tion thdt was not argued at the time of the de-
cision.
Hut, sir, even the Minnesota case is not a pre-
cedent for this amendment. In the Minnesota
case we substituted ourselves for the Territorial
Legislature;, we called on the people to elect their
delegates, subject to certain general provisions.
In this case the people of Kansas have chosen
their delegates under totally different provisions,
under a direction to them to submit the constitu-
tion or not, as they pleased; those delegates have
met; their work is complete; and now we are
asked not to prescribe an original charter, but to
violate the charter which those delegates received
directly from the people. That case, therefore,
does not warrant this amendment. Then, on
what ground is it that we are asked to remand the
constitution of Kansas to a vote of the people?
Whence comes the suggestion that the convention
which met in Kansas was not as legal as the con-
vention which met in Ohio, or in Illinois, or in
Missouri, or in any other of the States which have
already been admitted into the Union, and none
of which submitted their first constitutions to a
vote of the people ? On what pretext is founded
the argument that we must not reccive this con-
stitution ? It is said there was a vote taken on
the 4th of January, 1858, in which ten thousand
majority was given against the constitution.
Very well, sir; but was that a legal or an illegal
vote ? I think it was an illegal vote; I think it has
no legal consequence whatever; I think it was
simply a signification of so many people, if they
were duly qualified, that they wanted a change
of the constitution, but they did not express itm
the proper form, and those who were opposed to
a change being under no obligation to speak on
that day, we cannot even arrive at any moral re-
sult, much less a legal one, from that vote. But
I will take gentlemen on their own ground; let us
say that it was a legal vote, let us say that it was
a full vote for the adoption or rejection of the con-
stitution, then if the constitution was rejected, it
is at an end; and by what right do you set it o 
its feet again, and send it back for another ratifi- >
cation ? if there be any force in the pretext that
the vote taken in January upon the adoption or
rejection of the constitution, under the authority
of the Territorial Legislature, was legal, it shows
that the constitution is at an end, and so much of
the House amendment as proposes to recognize
the constitution or set it up again for any purpose,
is a clear infraction of the will of the people of
Kansas. It cannot stand on either leg, therefore.
But, sir, thatis not the worst of it. This House
amendment does not, in truth, refer the constitu-
tion of Kansas back to the people of Kansas.
Who are the people of Kansas—I mean the peo-
ple authorized to vote for or against this constitu-
tion? The constitution defines them. One part
of the constitution was submitted to the people;
one part was ratified by every argument which
men can receive; I mean the seventh article. That
not only passed the convention, but it passed the
vote of the people; and who were they? The
constitution tells us:
" At which election the constitution framed by this con-
vention sliali be submitted to all the white male inhabitants
of the Tcrtitory of Kansas m the said Territory upon that
day, anil over the age of twenty-one years, for ratification
or rejection."
They are the people of Kansas; they arc the
people defined by the constitution ofKansas; they
are the body of electors to ratify or reject the con-
stitution; and we have no right to substitute any
other body of electors greater or less than that.
Is the seventh article to be overturned by the vote
of a larger or a smaller number than provided
there ? If so, we might as well unmake the whole
constitution of Kansas. To whom does this
amendment remit it? It provides:
Sfc. 4. he it further enacted, That in the election
hereby autiioi ized, all white male inhabitants of said Terri-
toiy, overthe ago ot twenty-one years, who are leyal voters,
under the laws of the Territory of Kansas, and none others,
shall he allowed to vote."
What is the qualification for a voter under the
territorial laws of Kansas? That he shall be a
citizen of the United States, and have resided six
months in the Territory.
Mr. GREEN. That is not all. It also says
that he must never have interfered, or been con-
victed of having interfered, with the execution of
the fugitive slave law. If so, he is disqualified.
Mr. PUGH. Better yet. There is a test law;
and gentlemen who have been clamoring about
test laws for two years are absolutely reenacting
them by act of Congress. But my attention was
directed to the other point—the voters under the
territorial law are to be citizens of the United
States who have resided six months in the Ter-
ritory. When the people of Kansas came to pro-
vide for the election of delegates to the constitu-
tional convention, they considered that too narrow
a basis of suffrage, and,they allowed any man to
vote who was a citizen of the United States, and
had resided three months in the Territory. You
remit this constitution by the House amendment
to a body of electors more contracted and less
liberal, not only than the constitution itself pro-
vides, but less liberal and more narrow than the
people of Kansas, through their Legislature, pro-
vided in the election of delegates that formed the
constitution; and that is popular sovereignty, that
is remitting the constitution back to ascertain if it
be the act and deed of the people ! You first de-
fine the people; you pick out certain men; yon
enfranchise some and disfranchise others; you
pick your tribunal; you pack your jury; and then
you talk about a true verdict! And that is done
by Congress, and done in defiance of the consti-
tution of Kansas, and in defiance of the will of
the people of Kansas, as expressed in the act
under which this convention was elected and as-
sembled.
Is it to secure the rejection of the constitution ?
Wo man can pretend tnat it is to try the question
over again; no man can pretend that it is remit-
ting the constitution to the tribunal whence it
originated. I say it is packing the jury for the
purpose of having the constitution rejected; I do
not say that is the purpose of those who voted
for it, but I say it is the inevitable consequence
of the amendment.
Again, dir, the people of Kansas, speaking
through their delegates in this convention, thought
it eminently proper that that great vexed question
which had disturbed the Territory for four years,
which had disturbed the whole Union for four
years—that great question in reference to which
the whole legislation of the organic act of May
30, 1854, was supposed to afford a complete set-
tlement—should be separated out of the body of
the constitution and put to a separate vote. How
is it with this amendment? You require every
anti-slavery man, per force, to vote against the con-
stitution; and that, too, in defiance of the mode
of submission provided in the constitution. Any
man who is willing to vote for the whole of this
constitution, except the seventh article, is com-
pelled by the House amendment to vote against
the whole of it. He does not have an opportu-
nity to vote for or against the seventh article. He
is compelled to vote against the whole constitu-
tion. This is the work of the gentlemen who
complain of the vote on the 21st of December.
They said no man could then vote for or against
the seventh article unless he voted for the consti-
tution. I say that, under this House amendment,
no man can vote for or against the seventh article
unless he votes against the whole constitution;
the thing is impossible; and therefore I say the
amendment is framed in such a manner, whatever
the purposes of its authors, that it must inevit-
ably secure the rejection of this constitution.
Then, why not reject it at once ? Why travel
around all this path ? Why pursue this sinuous
track' Come to the question. If you say it ia
not the will of the people; if you claim the right
to go behind all the forms through which the peo-
ple can speak, and reject the constitution, reject
it; let u6 have an end of it, and let us see whether
there is no other method by which we can bring
Kansas into the Union; but do not let us play fast
and loose. Do not let us profess to submit this
constitution to the ordeal of a fair vote, when the
vote itself is so arranged that it must inevitably
be rejected. It would be rejected anyhow under
the circumstances; because of the last alternative
of this bill. If you had put the ten command-
ments to a vote under this bill, they would be re-
jected; and why? The alternative is given in the
House bill that, if this constitution is rejected, then
there shall be another convention; and every man
in the Territory ofKansas, in all the counties, who
is an aspirant for membership in the new conven-
tion—and we know that there are always about
twenty candidates for every office to which one
man can possibly be elected—all this body of can-
didates; all the outs, who are always more than the
ins, are interested to defeat the constitution, in or-
der to take the chances of being elected to a new
convention, and in order to take the chances of
