1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
being elected to the Legislature, and to the State
offices, which may be elective under the new con-
stitution.
I do not understand it to be pretended in this
amendment, as the Senator from Illinois said, that
the Lecompton constitution is not the act and deed
of the people. That is not pretended; but it is
said that:
" Inasmuch as it is greatly disputed whether the consti-
tution framed at Lccompton, on the 7th day of November
last; and now pending before Congress, was fairly made, or
expressed the will of the people of Kansas."
It might be the act and deed of the people, and
not express their will. If I grant a man a power
Of attorney to draw a check or a note for me, he
may draw it, but it may not be my will; yet I
have to pay it. He has a proper warrant of at-
torney to do the act, because I authorized him to
act for me. It may not be my will; but itlsmy
act and my deed.
Now, sir, as to the last provision of this amend-
ment. Having submitted this constitution in such
a form as inevitably to secure its rejection; hav-
ing submitted it, not to the people, but to a packed
jury, selected in defiance of the law of the con-
vention, and in defiance of the law of the Legis-
lature that called the convention; having selected
out the body of electors to which we remand it;
having, in addition, required every man who is
against the institution of slavery in the new State
to vote down the whole constitution; and having
offered all the temptations to ambition which can
be offered in the shape of new offices as an in-
ducement to vote down the constitution: what is
to come next? I take it as positively certain that
under this bill any constitution would be rejected.
None could pass such an ordeal; for even if these
candidates approved it, they would say, " We
will make it over again after we get the offices."
What is to come next? Then it is said there is
to be a new constitutional convention. I think
we have had constitutional conventions enough in
Kansas, a Territory of about fifty thousand peo-
ple. She has had three constitutional conventions
in three years. We have had Topeka and Le-
compton, and this new one, Minneola, now in full
blast. They are the hardest people to suit that
I ever knew. No, sir; I am willing to take of
these three constitutions that which is the most
formal and the most regular. I am willing, if
Congress requires it, that a new convention of
delegates shall be assembled in Kansas to pass
upon this constitution, for that is the form which
they have provided, and that would be granting
them a new trial. But if they fail, I am against
any more constitutions from Kansas. Let her
stay until she gets the proper population. I
voted for the Toombs bill, with a proviso, on that
ground. I only assented to it for the sake of peace.
1 did not believe it was a good precedent to bring
a State into the Union with so small apopulation;
and I say now, if this Lecompton constitution,
which is the only regular and legal one, is to be
rejected in every shape and form, let us dismiss
the whole subject out of Congress, and let Kan-
sas wait until she gets a population sufficient ac-
cording to the ratio proscribed for one Represent-
ative.
But, sir, this amendment authorizes four gen-
tlemen to exercise discretion unlimited in time as
well as in manner, the Governor, the Secretary,
the Speaker of the Council, and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, although two of
them are out of office. At an indefinite period in
the future, at any time extending throughout the
whole territorial life of Kansas, these four per-
sons, two of whom, as I have said, have ceased,
or will soon cease, to be officers, are to have the
power of calling upon the people to elect delegates,
of providing who shall be the officers to superin-
tend the election, and when the delegates shall be
elected, and when they shall be assembled in con-
vention; and that convention is to make the con-
stitution, and it is to be a perfect constitution from
the start. If they should pass this railroad ordi-
nance which has given some Senators so much
trouble, we have no power over it provided they
make it part of their constitution. It is never to
come back to us; the President is to look at it,
and to proclaim the State admitted.
I know there are cases, very good precedents
too, in which a constitution has been submitted
to Congress, and Congress has been sufficiently
satisfied of its republican character, but has re-
manded it to a convention to alter some one or
other of its provisions, perhaps its boundaries,
perhaps some clause which was supposed to in-
fringe the Constitution of the United States; but
wherever Congress has remanded a constitution
in that'way, to be altered or amended in some
particular, and afterwards, on compliance with
that condition, to admit the State into the Union
on proclamation, Congress has had some sight at
the constitution-. I never knew of their author-
izing a constitution to be formed blindly as this
bill does. It is for Congress to admit a State, not
the President. We have the right to require that
certain provisions shall be complied with, and
upon that to trust the people; but I am not so
willing to trust the people of Kansas in their pres-
ent condition; and therefore that provision would
be evidently objectionable. What will be the re-
sult of it? We shall have discharged ourselves
from all connection with the subject, and if the
constitution to be framed should.be like this con-
stitution, against which one party protests, which
one party charges with frauds, with outrages,
with perjuries of every description, what shall
we be told then ? We shall hear from the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] again, that Con-
gress has disclaimed its rightful jurisdiction over
the Territories, and that, therefore, all these ca-
lamities have occurred. No, sir; let us meet the
direct question. If you choose to admit Kansas
under the Senate bill, admit her. If you choose
to admit her, remanding her constitution to a new
convention of delegates, that, as a last resort,
would be infinitely better than the House bill. If
you will do neither of these, then reject her; or,
if you must have her in the Union now, pass the
Toombs bill again, or some other bill like it.
For the reasons which I have stated, I am op-
posed to this hybrid. I am opposed to it in every
shape and form. In my judgment it cannot make
peace. It is so arranged that it will secure the
inevitable rejection of this constitution without
any reference to its merits, and, on the other
hand, it precipitates the people of Kansas, who
have now come to some condition of peace and
order, into a new field of anarchy, where there
will be no opportunity for us, by any subsequent
measures of peace and conciliation, to rectify
whatever may have been done amiss. As I said
before, it is the most objectionable proposition to
me, that has ever yet been submitted to Congress.
Believing that it will secure no peace; believing
that it will repeat tenfold the anarchy, and dis-
turbance, and civil war which lately prevailed in
that Territory; believing that it violates every
principle of the party to which I belong; that it
violates every principle of representative govern-
ment; that it asserts and assumes for the Gov-
ernment of the United States a power which it
clearly does not possess under the Constitution;
that it is a fatal overthrow of the rights and the
sovereignty of the States, lam prepared, for one,
to vote against it, and to take whatever conse-
quences there may be in store for that vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator fiom Missouri, that the Senate disagree
to the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. GREEN. I do not intend to detain the
Senate. I have heard no argument on the motion
that I have made, which affects the propriety of
it. I call for the yeas and nays upon the ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fit/patriek, Green,
Gvvm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mai-
lory, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and
Yulee—3-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Coilamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas,
Fesserirlen, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the House amendment was disagreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
ADMISSION OP MINNESOTA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I think we can paas the Minne-
sota bill to-day without difficulty. ["No debate. "]
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,Green, Hammond,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ofTennes-
sce, Kennedy, Malloiy, Mason, Pearce, Pugh, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Wright, and Yulee-27.
' NAYS— Messrs. Bell, Bright, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Coilamer, Crittonden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Douglas, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Houston, Jones, King, Polk, Seward, Simmons, Stuart.
Wade, and Wilson—27.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote stands
—27 in the affirmative and 27 in the negative. The
motion, therefore, is not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. To-day ought properly to
have been devoted to private bills, and I move
that the Senate now take up the Private Calendar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As we voted against adjourn-
ing for the purpose of finishing the Minnesota
bill, I hope we shall take that up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on proceeding to the consideration of the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If that motion is insisted
upon, 1 shall call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MALLORY. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Ciay,
Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hammond, iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Ma-
son, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,Thompson ofKentueky,Wright,
and Yulee—-21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Broderick, Brown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Coll,urn:!, Cuttenden, Dixon, Doo-
little, Douglas, Fessendcn, Fitcll, Font, Foster. Hale,
llamhn, Harlan, King, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and Wilson—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to admit
Minnesota into the Union as a State.
Mr. YULEE. There is some unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday morning which perhaps may
be disposed of now. It is not possible that the
Minnesota bill can bo disposed of to-day. It is
useless to take it up at this hour. It is now after
three o'clock, very nearly the usual time of ad-
journment. I should be very glad if the Senate,
would be so kind as to take up the bill creating
the office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster General;
but, as gentlemen around me say they are unwill-
ing now to take up any question which may oc-
cupy time, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I desire to see whether there is
a disposition to pass Minnesota or not.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Florida
will consent to take up the Minnesota bill, so that
it may pass over as the unfinished business, I
presume there will be no objection to his motion.
Mr. MASON. I call the Senator to order. He
is out of order. The motion to adjourn is not de-
batable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is pending. On that motion the yeas and
nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Brown,
Clay, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hammond, Hunter, Iver-
son. Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Malloiy, Mason, Pearce, Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and
Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell,Bright,Broderick,Chandler,Clark,
Coilamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Fessen-
dcn, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—2f>.
So the Senate refused to adiourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
pending is on the motion to take up the Minne-
sota bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Michigan
made a suggestion just now, which, I think, will
receive unanimous assent on this side of the Cham-
ber—that that bill be taken up, and be left as the
unfinished business for Monday. I have no sort
of objection to that. We cannot get a vote on
the bill to-day. With the understanding that it
shall go over as the unfinished business, I am
willing to take up the bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
