1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
say that is the course of the Administration on
this subject.
Mr. TOOMBS. Were these contracts made in
conformity with law or against it?
Mr. ICING. If they were made in anticipation
of appropriations by Congress, they were made,
in my judgment,againstlaw, and they oughtnotto
have been made; and the act of 1820, quoted by the
Senator from New Hampshire this morning, ex-
pressl y declares that no contract of this sort shall be
made until an appropriation shall have been made
to carry it out. I have not examined the facts in
reference to these particular appropriations; but
with regard to that allegation in respect to $500,000
in this very amendment, the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee tells us he has not examined it,
and does not know whether there was any au-
thority of law to make contracts or not. The pre-
sumption is that there was not. ltis not claimed
by the Administration side, by the executive offi-
cers, or the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that this was a matter authorized by any appro-
priation at any rate.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator must not make
them responsible for what I say. The Senator
from New Hampshire asked if there was not a
prohibition. 1 told him I had not examined into
that question; that I did not know whether these
contracts were made in opposition to law, or
whether they were authoiized by the particular
laws appropriating the money authorizing the
buildings. I should piesume, if looked into, it
would be found that they were made according
to law. I merely meant to say I hud not person-
ally examined the question to see whether they
were made according to law.
Mr. KING. Precisely; nor have I examined
these particular cases, but I speak of the appro-
priations m the whole. My object m offering my
amendment was to provide for the execution of
laws which have been passed. Congress have
been very liberal in taking care of the expendi-
tures, and I legard that as an expenditure when
the debt has been contracted, and the obligation
to pay assumed; I consider that money spent,
and money pretty badly spent generally. I think
it a grent deal better to observe the good old rule
—pay as you go, and make contracts after Con-
gress has had the ability to advise on the subject
and make appropriations to provide for them; then
they are able to meet them. One of the causes
of the difficulties m reference to our finances is,
that the prodigality of expenditure, this looseness
of practice on the part of the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government for the last few years,
hasbccn gone into, and money has been expended
without deeming u necessary to consult Congress
beforehand on the subject, eJniming that they
were carrying out the purposes of the law, and
all that. There was a law passed in 184:2,1 believe
—which, in my judgment, ought to be repealed
at once—authonzmg the heads of Departments
to transfer from one item of appropriation to an-
other. It was passed through Congress at that
time on the pretense that m tiie Executive De-
partments of the Government there were appro-
priations made forfucl, and stationery, and lights;
for in the earlier days our appropi lations were
much more specific than now, and that occasion-
ally the appropriations for these items would be
too much for one and too little for another, and
it would be a great convenience to allow these
small amounts to be transferred from one account
to another; but it was not designed at the time
that we should give authority to the Secretaries
to transfer appropriations from objects designed
to be accomplished by Congiess, and thus to de-
feat entirely a law of Congress, and lake those
moneys for other purposes, or exercise his dis-
cretion and decline to make contracts for purposes
authorized by Congress, so that the law is de-
feated by the appropriation lapsing in two years.
Jf this practice be allowed, a veto is given to the
Secretaries as well as to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and a law may be utterly defeated by
the failure of the Secretary to apply the money
in his discretion, on the ground that it is wanted
for other puiposes. None of this discretion
should exist m the Executive Departments, in my
judgment; and I do not think, on a fair and proper
administiation of the Government, anyofitdoes
p'-opeily exist. Why has not the Secretary made
these contracts for the puiposes authorized by
law? I ask for the execution of a law passed in
1856—passed at a time when we had an overflow-
ing Treasury.
We are not left to presumption in this matter.
The Senator from Georgia talks as if the Secre-
tary were going to execute the laws and I were
assailing him because he has not been in a condi-
tion to execute it as quickly as I desire. Why,
sir, the chairman of the Committee on Finance
tells us that these appropriations are less import-
ant, that they are not wanted, and that they may
go by the board, lapse into the Treasury; that is
the plan, as I understand him; and thus these ap-
propriations arc to be absolutely defeated, and a
new act of Congress to be required to construct
these buildings which the Secretary was directed
to construct two years ago.
Now, sir, in reference to the economy which
the Senator from Georgia advocates a great deal,
I approve of it, and in the main 1 go with him on
those matters; but there is a certain class of cases
upon which he and his friends do not consult econ-
omy. When $10,000,000 are asked for the pur-
chase of the Mesilla valley, for the purpose of
enabling them to get a Pacific railroad a little fur-
ther south; or when $200,000,000 are asked for
the purchase of Cuba; or when any money is
wanted for any purpose connected with that in-
terest; I find the consciences and judgments and
constitutional constructions of these gentlemen
stretching to any extent whatever.
The appropriations which I seek to have carried
out are very small and very few. The locality
which has induced me to move this amendment
ia one for which I believe no appropriation was
ever made before. It is on the frontiers of the
country, under the guns of a British foit, with as
patriotic a population, m my opinion, as theie is
anywhere on the face of the eaith, and as h"ue
friends to their country. Although all the per-
sonal favoritism there is in the matter has already
been executed, and the site has been bought, and
the party got his money for the land, the Secretary
has chosen to let the public go unaccommodated.
Mr. PUGH. Wheicisthat? OgdenMmig'
Mr. KING. Yes, sir. I think the amendment
I have proposed is just and proper, and ought to
be adopted; bur it is for tin- Senate to determine.
I have stated the reasons which have induced me
to oiler it.
Mr. PUGII. I wish to say just two or three
words in reference to this matter. I voted to add
this section to the appiopnation bill at the session
of 1850; and I really voted under a mistake of the
exact question, not understanding it. 1 desired
an opportunity to reconsider; but I was assured
that it was not material, for the House of Repre-
sentatives would not agree to it, and the commit-
tee of conference would throw it out; but it did
not so turn out. I believe the appropriations ought
never to have been made; and 1 am glad they
have not been expended. I shall vote against this
provision as a set-off to the vote I gave before.
1 believe my vote carried the section then, for it
had only one majority.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 listened to the remaiksof the
Senator from New York with some surprise, for
| he seemed to proceed on the supposition that the
contracts were made without any refeience to ap-
propriations. As I understand the system, con-
tracts are made, according to specifications, for a
building; an estimate is sent to Congress as to the
cost of the building; and if Congress choose to
appropriate a certain amount of money for expend-
iture within the year, sometimes a member, who
has paid no attention to what he was doing, will
aftei wards rise, and say he thought it was to com-
plete the building, when m fact he had before him
the whole amount it would cost to complete the
building, and, declining to vote the money at the
time, chose to vote the amount which might be
expended within the year. It is a system by which
we endeavor to present an economical table to
keep down the appropriations of the year. It is
no saving of money; it frequently involves a greater
expenditure of money, as I endeavored to explain
when ofieiiug an amendment to increase the
amount appropriated for the extension of the Cap-
itol to-day. upon the specifications, however,
which are presented for the construction of a
I building, on an estimate which has always been
submitted to Congress, a contract is made wi'.h
some individual to deliver a particular quantity of
material; he is noafied as to the amount of the ap-
propnation, and he is called upon to deliver a cer-
tain amount of materials; and the practice of those
with whom I have been associated has always
been to warn them to deliver not beyond the
amount there was money to pay for; but a con-
tractor will generally take the risk. He has seen
the action of Congress—that they were appropri-
ating, not to complete the building, but for the
expenditure of the year; and he anticipates a fur-
ther appropriation. It is more convenient for him
to continue his delivery of material; and he will
usually take the risk of another appropriation.
The executive officer is not responsible; he is not
compelled to pay the money to the contractor. If
Congress chose to cut off the appropriation, and
leave the building unfinished, the contractor would
have no redress save by petition to Congress for
damages. I think that will be found to be the case
in every one of the instances which have been
cited here of the delivery of material beyond the
ability of the appropriation to pay. We reverse
the rule which the Senator from Texas applies to
statuary; we view these questions at a distance,
lie requires the statuary, which was to be ele-
vated to a great height, and viewed at a distance,
to correspond with his criticism made on the level
of the eye. He cannot regard favorably a material
which would be reduced to the thickness of paper
when put at its proper elevation, because, when
he brought his eye in contact with it, it was too
thick. Now, the Senator from New York reverses
the rule, where, in fact, the rule ought not to be
reversed, but to have its original application. He
should come to the examination of the case; and,
before proceeding to judge, he should bring his
eye to the level of the contract, and endeavor to
discover whether the contractor was authorized
to deliver material not pLovidod for in the appro-
priation, or whether the appropriation was made
to complete the building, and it was expected to
cover the delivery of all the material required, or
was only for one year's expenditure, and that
year's expenditure paid for as far as required, and
tlu1 material delivered beyond the requisition of
the officer in charge. 1 think that will be found
to be the fact.
Mr. KING. 1 did not think it material to go
into the particulars in reference to any specific
transaction. That these immense expenditures'
were made antecedent to the appropriation by
Congress is conceded on all hands; and yet that
appropriations made by Congress are not ex-
pended, is a fact demonstrated by the proposition
which I make. But in reference to the appropri-
ations which arc authorized by lav/ and directed
to be made, it is the duty of the Department, in
their estimates, to present them to us and give us
an opportunity to have them. It is not for them
to say " these are appiopnations; we are not dis-
posed to carry them out, and therefore we will
furnish no estimate."
Mr. DAVIS. 1 was not answering that branch
of the Senator's argument.
Mr. KING. It is unanswerable, I think.
Mr. BELL. I hope some gentleman, either
the Senator from Virginia, or the Senator from
Mississippi, will answer the other branch of the
argument, for it seems to me it involves a matter
of principle of serious importance. If 1 under-
stand the course of the Secretary of the Treasury
on this subiect, he has assumed to exercise a dis-
pensing power, and to say that where appropri-
ations are authorized by law and duties cast upon
him by law, he has a right, according to his own
judgment of what the public interest requires, to
aele-.t some and execute them, and to reject others
and say he will not execute them, without regard
to the condition of the Treasury. That is a dis-
pensing power which I think dangerous.
Mr DAVIS, i really did not think that ques-
tion worth while to answer. It is the clearest
case, to my mind, in the world, that an executive
officer who finds an appropriation which he can-
not apply for the public interest, should not ap-
ply it. If he finds, from any cause whatever, that
he cannot expend money judiciously, he should
not undertake to expend it merely because the
appropriation has been made.
Air. BELL. No person of any sense, ! sup-
pose, would ever think of such a proposition as
that. I wish the honorable Senator to understand
what my proposition is. Here were certain ap-
propriations made m 1856, a positive direction
fhen to the Secretary of the Treasury to have cer-
tain public buildings coustuvaul within limited
