1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
and outlaws, and buccaneers. These expressions
interlard the whole of the dispatchcs from Com-
modore Paulding; and he puts his own defense
on the ground that these men were pirates. lie
who perhaps understands, and has studied most
deeply the ground on which he stands, under-
takes to defend himself on the hypothesis that
Walker was a pirate, and that his followers were
pirates. If they were, I demand to know by what
authority the President of the nation turned loose
a pirate in the city of Washington ? I demand to
know by what authority one hundred and fifty
pirates were turned loose in the peaceful streets
of Norfolk ? The defense has failed—wretchedly
failed.
The President tells Congress in bis message
that he had no authority to hold Walker and his
associates; that they were amenable, if at all, to
the judiciary of the country, and to nobody else.
Great God! sir, has the President no power to
order a pirate to be held in custody ? Shall it be set
up here in the Senate that the President can send
an armed ship, or an armed fleet, to Nicaragua,
arrest a pirate upon a foreign friendly soil, bring
him to the United States, and when he gets him
here, just at that point his power ceases ? This
is a wretched, miserable pretext. I am glad to
see that the pretext that Walker was a pirate,
that his followers were pirates, is not defended in
the Senate. The President has rightfully enough
ignored the charge. He thinks Walker has vio-
lated the law; that he has committed a misde-
meanor; that he is responsible to the judiciary of
the country, to whom he quietly hands him over.
But all this does not come to the point suggested
in my amendment, that this arrest was not sanc-
tioned by any existing law.
If it was in violation of the territorial sover-
eignty of a friendly Power, and was not «anc-
tioned by any existing law, then does not my
conclusion follow as a matter of course, that Con-
gress must disavow it? That is all I ask you to
do, up to that point; to disavow that which is in
violation of the territorial sovereignty of a friendly
Power which is not pretended to be sustained by
any existing law of your own country. I con-
tinue:
And beingofftciajjy notified That said Paulding acted with-
out instructions from the President or the Sccretaiy of the
Navy, Congress expresses its condemnation of his conduct
in tins regaid.
I put the condemnation expressly on the ground
that his lawless act is disavowed by the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of the Navy. If they had
avowed it, 1 would have directed my censure to a
higher mark. If they had avowed it as an act of
the Government, I should have asked Congress
to pass a vote of censure against the Secretary or
the President, or whoever gave the oiclcr.
We have fallen, sir, upon strange times, and,
in my judgment, have sadly departed from the
lessons taught us in the earlier, and, 1 might add,
better days of the Republic. In 1822, Commodore
Porter, who wore his epaulets and bore his sword
with distinguished credit, was sent in the com-
mand of a squadron to the Gulf of Mexico, and
ordered to cruise in the West Indies and the waters
of the Gulf, in search of pirates. He was told,
as the authority before me shows, clearly and dis-
tinctly, that he might pursue the pirates on land;
that they were the enemies of the human race;
that all civilized men were combined against them;
but hp was told, at the same time, that he must
not pursue them in violation of the local authori-
ties of any country. He might continue the pur-
suit until he should be bidden to give it up, and
then he must cease. In 1824, it was ascertained
by Lieutenant Piatt, one of the subordinate offi-
cers in that squadron, that a large quantify of
goods had been stolen from Saint Thomas, and
probably carried to Foxardo, in the Island of
Porto Rico. Lieutenant Piatt pursued, and hav-
ing aecummulatcd such evidence as satisfied him
that the goods were secreted atFoxardo,helanded
with a view of finding them. Some persons not
authorized to arrest his progress, forbade his pur-
suing them; but being informed by others that
these were not persons in authority, and seeing,
therefore, that he was not violating the letter of
his instructions, he went forward. He found
the officer of the port, who received him cordially.
He found the alcalde, who received himcordially,
and promised him assistance. While he was act-
ually engaged in a search for the stolen goods—
goods stolen, not by imaginary, but real pirates
—the alcalde suddenly changed his mind, seized
the lieutenant, thrust.him into prison, and heaped
divers insults and outrages upon him. Commo-
dore Porter, receiving intelligence of these events,
went to Foxardo and landed a military force, with
a view of demanding reparation for the insult
offered to the American flag, borne by Lieuten-
ant Pratt, under the circumstances which I have
named. It became necessary to spike some guns;
but no blood was shed, no gun was fired. The al-
calde, on a sort of promise from Commodore Por-
ter, that he should be protected in the exercise of
his lawful authority, and that there was na pur-
pose to subjugate him, at once came out and said
frankly, " I have committed this outrage under
compulsion, by orders."
Commodore Porter was acting strictly within
the letter of his instructions, as he claimed, and as
I believe, from very recent investigations of all
the papers; but it suited the Spanish authorities
to complain of him. He was at once relieved from
his command, and ordered home to be put upon
trial. After being detained here for weeks and
weeks, the Administration in the mean time hav-
ingundergone a change, Mr. Monroe having gone
out and Mr. John GLuincy Adams having come
in, Commodore Porter complained of the delay.
He filed a letter with the President, and perhaps
two or three with the Secretary of the Navy, com-
plaining of the delay which had occurred in his
trial. Finally he was put on his trial before a
naval court-martial. He was convicted and sen-
tenced to six months dismissal from the service
of the United States. Here was a gallant officer,
covered over with scars, entitled to stars, garters,
and medals, arrested by the order of his Govern-
ment because he had landed upon a friendly soil,
and undertaken to make anests,not of imaginary,
but real pirates—people who were confessed to be
so; not only relieved of his command,but brought
back to the United States in disgrace, put upon
his trial, convicted, and sentenced.
While I do not stand here to defend the harsh
proceedings in that case, I instance it for the pur-
pose of showing what measure of justice was
meted out in the earlier days of the Republic in
comparison with that which the Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to mete out to Commodore
Paulding. Here was a man acting within the let-
ter ofhis instructions; but the Administration had
undergone a change. He had been told that these
people were the enemies of all mankind. Pres-
ident Monroe had two or three times complained
in his communications to Congress of the want
of efficiency in the Spanish authoiities. He had
called on Congress to nerve the arm of the Exec-
utive to chastise these depredations on our com-
merce in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Mr.
Monroe had declared to Commodore Porter,
through Mr. Smith Thompson, then Secretary of
the Navy, in express terms, that in pursuing the
pirate he might land upon any soil, but that he
must not—mark you—continue the pursuit after
persons in authority should forbid his doing so.
Lieutenant Piatt claimed that he had not viola-
ted that instruction: that he had lived up precisely
to the very letter of it; that when told by persons
not in authority to cease the pursuit, he had de-
termined to do it until he. was informed that these
people were not authorized to gi\re any such com-
mand;thathe then proceeded, that he was received
cordially by the commander of the port and by |
the alcalde, persons in authority, wno promised 1
him their assistance; and then in the midst of all j
that he was thrown into prison, charged himself!
with being a pirate, his flag insulted, and himself1
derided Then Commodore Porter landed, os I ,
have said before, for the purpose of chastising this
insolence, and was promptly met by an apology.
On these general facts, I say again, he was arrested,
tried, convicted, and sentenced, and the sentence
was carrkd into execution. Now, with a case
before us, where a commodore, according to the
Secretary of the Navy and the President, is acting .
clcarly beyond hts instructions, without author- I
ity, landing upon a foreign soil, without any sort j
of shadow of authority from the President or Sec- j
retary, making; important arrests, we are called !
upon to vote him a medal. j
There is another point in this transaction: Com- ,
modore Porter was tried, among other things, for 1
insubordination in writing insolent letters to the I
President and Secretary of the Navy, I have the ii
letters before me, but do not care to weary the
Senate by reading them; but let Senators take the
letters of Commodore Porter in 1824 and 1825,
and compare them with the insolent productions
of Commodore Paulding addressed to the present
Secretary of the Navy; and answer me whether,
if Porter was tried, convicted, and sentenced for
writing such letters as he wrote, what ought to be
done with Commodore Paulding for writing such
as he has written? I am not here to say that
Paulding ought to be punished for writing an in-
solent letter to the Secretary of the Navy. If the
Secretary does not think proper to vindicate him-
self, he may go unvindieated; I shall not stand
here in his defense. What I say is, that we are
falling upon strange times, when a commodore—
a flag-officer—can write to the Secretary of the
Navy, and actually reprimand him. Take his
letter and read it. It is an actual reprimand, ad-
dressed by a commodore in the service to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, saying, in effect, " Sir, you
fogy, you nincompoop, you are meddling with a
matter you know nothing about; let me and my
command alone." The Secretary of the Navy
writes back very complacently that he did not
really mean to reprimand him; but, after all, he
thinks he has some authority; and he rather thinks
he has the right to dispose of the naval force as
he pleases. It was not so in other days. If that
letter had been addressed by Commodore Porter,
or by any of the older commodores, to such a Sec-
retary as Smith Thompson, or Samuel L. South-
ard, he would have been arrested, he would have
been tried, he would have been convicted, and he
would have been punished. If the present 'Sec-
retary of the Navy does not think proper, how-
ever, to vindicate ins official honor, he can let it
alone; it is none of my business.
The question with which we have to deal is,
whether we will vote Commodore Paulding a
medal for these services. Just think of it. The
joint resolution proposes that the President have
a medal, with suitable devices, presented "as a
testimonial of the high sense entertained by Con-
gress of his gallant conduct." GreatGod! Com-
modore Paulding, commanding a3 many, perhaps,
as one hund red guns—I have not made the estimate
of it, but there were certainly so many—having
disposed of them at his leisure, with five or six
hundred men, captures—what? Walker and a
handful of filibusters, who laid down their arms
at the very first summons, and made no sort of
resistance upon paper or anywhere else, and Con-
gress is called upon to vote a falsehood—that in
this there was extraordinary gallantry ! I know
very well that the commodore, writing home to the
Government, says that all his men behaved with
extraordinary gallantry. Why, sir, I suppose
the next thing will be, if our army should ap-
proach Salt Lake, and ail the Mormon men should
be away, and they should make a desperate charge
and capture all the women, they must all have
medals for their extraordinary gallantry. [Laugh-
ter.] It would be a much more gallant act than
this act of Paulding, and one much more deserv-
ing a medal.
I object to this resolution, because it is not true
in point of fact. It is asking Congress to vote a
falsehood—I beg the Senator's pardon; I do not
mean it in any offensive sense—but it is not true
in point of fact that Paulding has displayed any
gallantry. There was no occasion to display gal-
lantry. Who does not know that at the very first
instant, upon his summons, Walker and his men
laid down their arms? They did not even threaten
to fire. The gallant heroes, with Commodore
! Paulding at their head, walked upon the shore
j and then walked back again; and for that, Con-
| gress is to vote a deliberate historical falsehood,
I that they have displayedextraordinarygallantry !
] Then their conduct is said to have been "judi-
cious." Judicious in what? Judicious in obey-
ing his instructions? I thought it was the duty
of officers, naval and military—nay, sir, I thought
it the firstduty of a soldier—to obey the letter of
his instructions.
Then we are asked to assert that all this was
done in arresting a lawless military expedition
set on foot in the United States." That assumes
the whole matter in controversy. I undertake to
say that the expedition was not lawless, and that
no facts have been presented to show that it was
so. Even the enthusiastic Senator from Wisconsin
admits the right of expatriation. He would claim
