1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
Mr. GREEN. I will, if the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will renew it.
Mr. CAMERON. I will do so. I was exceed-
ingly anxious to adjourn over yesterday, because
I could have attended to some private business at
home without doing any injury to the public ser-
vice. To-day I do not care about it; but if the
Senator from Missouri will agree to bring up this
question 
Mr. GREEN. If we now adjourn it remains as
unfinished business.
Mr. CAMERON. I am notcertain about that.
Mr. GREEN. It will come up when the Sen-
ate next meets as a matter of course.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I shall vote to ad-
journ. The Senator from Missouri will permit
me to ask him if there are any amendments to be
moved ? We shall adjourn as a matter of course
if there are none to be moved; but if there are,
they had better be offered now, so that we can
think them over until Monday. I think one of
the most pleasant features of this body is that
kindness and courtesy which always character-
ize it, and although, not having adjourned over
from yesterday, I am compelled to stay here to-
morrow, I move to adjourn to accommodate gen-
tlemen on the other side. I am exceedingly anx-
ious that the question of the admission of Min-
nesota shall be decided as soon as possible; yet,
if gentlemen on the other side will say that the
question shall come up immediately, when we
meet on Monday, without any difficulty, 1, for
one, will move to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. If there are amendments to be offered, it
would be right that they should be offered now,
so that we may consider them m the mean time,
and be ready to vote upon them when we meet
again. While we are debating the time is wear-
ing away; and therefore I suggest that the amend-
ments be offered; that the bill shall then be left as
unfinished business, and I will not interpose any
further objection to an adjournment. If this
course is pursued, we can take up the bill on
Monday and vote, the amendments being before
us in the mean time.
' Mr. MASON. The office of peacemaker is a
very dangerous one, and I do not mean to under-
take it; but it is manifest that some collateral ques-
tions have arisen in a certain section of the coun-
try on the great matter of admitting Minnesota
instantly; and, to avoid further strife, and because
the usual hour of adjournment has arrived, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frihay, Jlpril 2, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron Sunderlind, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the presentation of reports by the
Committee of Claims in refereace to the business
of the Court of Claims.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. HARLAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. GOODE. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee for the District
of Columbia to report back, without amendment,
Senate bill (No. 176) to acquire certain lands
needed for the Washington aqueduct in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to ask that the same be put
upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say that we have had this deficiency bill before
the House for the last two or three weeks, and
the debate has been entirely on another subject.
The debate on that bill closes with the rising of
the committee to-day; and unless it is taken up
for consideration in the committee to-day, there
will be nothing said about it, and no discussion
had upon it.
Mr. GOODE. I am persuaded that this bill
might have been passed through the House while
the gentleman has been making his speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; but I would
say to my friend that he has another bill of the
same sort.
Mr. GOODE. Well, let us get through with
this, at all events.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a resolution for ref-
erence only.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. As this is the last day on
which this deficiency bill—involving a consider-
able amount of money, and many items of inter-
est to the country—can be debated, I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether his
Eurpose is to cut off all debate on the deficiency
ill ?
Mr. CHAFFEE. Not at all.
Mr. LETCHER. It cannot be debated at all
after to-day, for the debate closes upon the rising
of the committee to-day.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Then I withdraw my motion.
The motion of Mr. Letcher was then agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
from the organization of this Government, in
1789, down to 1842, the calendar year was the
fiscal year of this Government, commencing on
the 1st of January, and terminating on the 31st
of December, in each year. Congress was always
in session two months, or more, at the commence-
ment of the year for which the annual appropri-
ations were made. Congress met in December,
1841, and continued in session, I believe, until
September, 1842. From the 1st of January, 1842,
until August, there were no annual appropriations
passed for that year, and the Government was
without appropriations to pay its current ex-
penses. That, sir, was a Congress which had
under consideration various important and highly
interesting subjects to be disposed of, and hence
the delay and failure in making the appropria-
tions. And it was during that session that the
fiscal year was changed, and made by law to
commence on the 1st of July, and consequently
to terminate on the 30th of June, in each year.
Under this arrangement, and this provision of
law, the estimates have to be made some seven
or eight months before the commencement of
the fiscal year for which the appropriations are
needed. For the present fiscal year, which com-
menced on the 1st of July, 1857, and which will
expire on the 30th of June next, the estimates
were all made by the executive branch of the
Government, and submitted to the last Congress,
on the first Monday of December, 1856—full
seven months before this fiscal year commenced;
and such is the case every year.
Now, sir, we are called upon at this session of
Congress to make appropriations for the services
of the fiscal year, which will-terminate upon the
30th of June, 1859. The estimates upon which
those appropriations are to be based were sub-
mitted here at the first of this session, and were
made eight months before the fiscal year will com-
mence. And consequently, it is to be expected,
it cannot be avoided, that there will be in some
instances deficiencies in these appropriations. I
think that it is almost impossible for the various
officers charged with preparing the estimates to
make them anything like exact in all particulars.
And hence we may expect, as has been the case
since the change of the fiscal year, that there will
be annualestimates and recommendations for de-
ficiencies in the appropriations. To this I see no
objection. I know that many gentlemen are op-
posed to all deficiency bills. I, sir, have no ob-
jection to deficiency bills if the deficiencies esti-
mated and asked for are in themselves right and
proper. It is not because they are deficiencies that
I would object to them, or oppose the passage of
a law appropriating for them. But when I come
to examine the items, I will determine, to the best
of my judgment, however much it may be at fault,
whether they are right or whether they are wrong.
If they are right, I will vote for them as freely and
as cheerfully in a deficiency bill as I would in any
other bill.
Sir, what is the character of the bill which we
have now before us? It is called a " deficiency-
bill." Its caption is, " a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the services of the
fiscal year ending30th June, 1858." I desire now
to call the attention of the committee to the va-
rious provisions of the bill, and to see if those
provisions correspond with the title.
I think, sir, on examination, it will be found
not only that this is a deficiency bill, but a bill
for extras and appropriations in anticipation of
the regular appropriation bill—a bill for the past,"
and a bill for tne future.
The first item is as follows:
" For furniture for Speaker's room, and committee-
rooms, Clerk's offices, Sergeant-at-Arms' office, Doorkeep-
er's room, arid carpenters' work, $30,000: for newspapers,
$3,000."
Those come in as deficiencies of appropriations
for the House of Representatives. How was the
furniture in this Hall purchased? Out of the con-
tingent fund ? I suppose not. The late Clerk,
when ho retired from office and made his report
to this Congress, said that there was $447,000 of
an unexpended balance of appropriation for con-
tingencies and other expenses of the House of
Representatives. Another item is for laborers
under lesolution of this House of the present
session; and another item which comes under the
head of contingent expenses is to enable John
C. Rives to pay to the reporters of this House,
for reporting the debates of the present session of
Congress, the usual additional compensation of
$800 each, or $4,000 in all. Is this a deficiency?
If a deficiency, under what law is it a deficiency?
On what contract is it based ? Your contract for
reporting for this House is with the reporter, at
$7 50 per column. He employs the persons who
make the reports of our debates, and their com-
pensation is between them and him.
The next item commences with the Army—
amounting to §7,912,000, if I have made the esti-
mate correctly—nearly eight million dollars in a
bill the caption of which is to supply deficiencies
in appropriations for the present fiscal year. Here
is the document upon which this item, or these
items, for the Army, are asked for in this bill:
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFHCE,
Washington City, January 12, J85S.
Sir: I have the honor to submit, m papers marked A, II,
and C. the details of the calculations upon winch the esti-
mate tor deficiencies for the ptesent year, and for the addi-
tional force oidered to Utah, it- based.
At the close of the fiscal year, on the 30th of June last,
there was, in consequence of the greatly extended opera-
tions in that yeai, a deficiency m the appropriations loi the
quartermastei's department of tiie following amounts, viz;
On account of regular supplies, consisting of fuel, forage,
straw, and stationery, of  $279..'}" 7 57
On account of incidental expenses, of  12P.860 20
On account of barracks and quarters, of..... fi7,95t 39
On account of Army transportation, of  751,487 15
Amounting to $1,238,697 31
And it was ascertained that for the Army,
as it was on the 24th of December, 1857, the
deficiency for the present year, in addition to
that of last year, would be as follows, viz :
For regular supplies  $300,000 00
For incidental expenses  fit),000 00
For barracks and quarters  30,000 (10
For mounts and remounts...... 100,000 00
For transportation of troops and
supplies, about  2,000,000 00
  a.190,000 oo
Making the whole deficiency 53,718,679 31
Sec paper mat ked A.
To which it is now necessary to add for the
increased force oidered toUtah, and t'> -U!i-
ply supposed lo<*es tlndrrthe various heads
ofexpendituio as explained in papei in,u ked
B, of  §l,-100,G.j2 O'l
And of the several heads of ex-
pendituie explained in paper
marked O  1 60fj,ort0 00
3,007,'232 04
Making together $6,'
'•35.911 35
A larire portion of the items on papers B and C aie for
necessary outlits which, though they must be provided in
