362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
for himself at this-very moment the right to leave
the country, to swear allegiance to any otherGov-
ernment; and in going, to bear arms upon his per-
son, would he not? Is there a Senator here; is
there an American citizen who listens to me at
this moment, who would not claim for himself
the right to leave his counrry, to expatriate him-
self,to swear allegiance toany other Governmen t,
and m doing so, to bear arms on his person? Did
Walker, or any of those supposed to have been
under his command, do anything more? They
went, and they went with arms in their hands, as
they had a right to do, as the President admits,
as every Senator that has yet spoken admits, and
as the Senator from Wisconsin claims that he
would have the right to do. Then, by what au-
thority is it called lawless? Have men acted in
a lawless manner in doing that which all of us
claim we have a right to do ? Is there any law-
lessness in doing that which every man insists
every American citizen has a right to do, and
which you may not hinder under any existing
law, ancl for the hmderance of which you never
will pass any law through Congress?
It is assumed that the expedition was set on
foot in the United States. Where is the evidence
of it, sir? Where is the proof. I deny it? I say
the factis not as stated. I say there was no ex-
pedition, lawless or otherwise, set on foot in the
United States. I admit that persons who were
born under our flag and entitled to the protection
of our laws, went voluntarily, every man acting
on his own responsibility, with arms in their
hands, with a view to assist what they claimed
to be the rightful Government of Nicaragua, in
the person of William Walker. This, I claim,
they had the right to do. It was no expedition
set on foot. It was a body of American citizens,
each man for himself, acting for himself, and on
his own responsibility, doing precisely what,
under the law, he had a right to do. When they
got beyond the limitsof the United States,if they
organized an expedition, and placed William
"Walker, or any other man, at the head of it, I
claim that they did only what they had a right to
do, and for the doing of which they were in no
manner responsible to the laws of our country,
If the doctrine can be maintained, that we are
overseers of the high seas, that our police juris-
diction extends everywhere—not only on our own
soil, and within our own waters, hut upon the
high seas, even to Nicaiagua, and every other
country—then I ^rant you there may have been
some violation of law; hut I claim that your ju-
risdiction is confined to the soil and to the single
marine league, and for the purposes of the com-
mercial law, three marine leagues; and by no
stretch of law, by no stretch of imagination, can
you carry it beyond three marine leagues. It be-
ing: admitted that Walker was not only off our
soil, but without the jurisdiction of the waters
over which we hold control, not only not upon
the water, but actually upon the soil of a foreign
country; and there being no evidence that any
expedition was fitted out or set on foot on our
soil, within our jurisdiction, or on the high seas;
and the expedition, if it existed at all, was found
ona foreign soil, then I claim that that declaration
in the Senator's resolution, is not tiue in point of
fact. It is a simple naked declaration, which Con-
fress iw asked to vote, but which is not sustained
y any evidence on God's earth.
I said, Mr. President, at the outset, that I had
no regular prepared speech to make. In reference
to the case of CommodoiePortei, to which I have
alluded, I have forborne to read the correspond-
ence, the letters, and instructions, because 1 did
not care to consume the time of the Senate; but
the facts are as J. have stated (hem, as proven, by
the volume before me, to which I have tui nod my
attention, and given some stud}'. If we are to
vote Commodore Paulding a medal, t hope it will
be done for reasons which are at least true in
themselves. If we are to vote censure against him,
I want it to he done for reasons which are true.
If I have not stated the reasons correctly in my
amendment, on the suggestion of any Senator I
will modify or change them. I think they are
rigidly correct, stnctiy and emphatically correct
in every particular. 1 intended they should he so.
If I am mistaken, I Khali listen to the suggestion
of any Senatoi, unU change it until the facts and
the legal positions are stated coirectly; but I can-
not stand by quietly and sec a proposition intro-
duced and gravely urged here, to vote a medal to
an officer for violating the laws of his country,
for doing that which the President tell3 us was a
" grave error," and which has notbeen,and can-
not be, defended on any grounds, legal or moral.
Mr. P(JGH. When the message of the Pres-
ident on this subject was read some days ago, I
took occasion to declare that, in my opinion, the
arguments of the President were not justified by
any law, and that the action which had been taken
by the naval commander was contrary to law. I
should not have referred to the subject again, not
even for the elaborate argument of the Senator
from Wisconsin, had I not observed in the reports
of remarks made elsewhere, some very confident
and very positive assertions on this subject.
What is this transaction as it comes before us?
A post-captain in the Navy finds Mr. Walker
and one hundred and fifty other persons, some of
whom are said to be citizens of the United States,
! and some have no citizenship at all so far as we
' know, within the territory of another nation, on a
bleak point of land, and he arrests them; the chief-
tain he brings here, or rather brings Imn to the city
of New York, and then causes him to be brought
before the Secretary of State. When the party
arrested asks, " of what am I accused?" the Sec-
retary tells him to go his way; there is no accu-
sation against him. His followers, one hundred
and fifty in number, are brought by the Navy to
the port of Norfolk, and they are turned loose.
There is no accusation against them.
Now, sir, the iirstquestion which I putbefore,
I put again: were these men arrested as fugitives
from the justice of the United States? If they
were, why were they not handed over to the judi-
•ciary ? Why was not the marshal of the southern
district of New York told to take William Walker
and hand him over t.o the marshal of the eastern
district of Louisiana, where it is said this offenso
was committed, if he were a fugitive? Why
were not these one hundred and fifty other men
delivered over to the custody of the marshal of
the southern district of Alabama, where itissaid
they set on foot their expedition ? Sir, it is idle
for any man to say that they were arrested as
fugitives. ( grant the power of the President,
under the law, to pursue a fugitive from the jus-
tice of the United States. He may pursue him
over the whole of the high seas, lie may take
him by an extradition tieaty, or by an oral ex-
tradition for the case, from any other country,
and the fugitive cannot complain. The pretense
that these men were fugitives is an excuse in-
vented after the act. If they were fugitives, why
were they not handed over to the power which
was capable of tiying an accusation of this char-
acter? All arguments, therefore, as to the power
of the President, as commander-in-chief of the
Navy,to pursue a fugitive from the justice of the
United States are out of the case.
Were they arrested as pirates? Then I make
the same question: what is the law on that sub-
ject ? It is settled. 'You can try a pirate at the
first port to which you bring him. Why was not
William Walker commuted to prison m the city
of New York ? Why were not his followers com-
mitted to prison in the State of Virginia? Ther«
is no trial, no accusation; they are turned loose;
in fact, there is no pretense that they committed
any act of piracy. We know what that is. It is
an act of violence, of robbery, or of murder, com-
mitted on the lugh seas, beyond the jurisdiction
of any nation, upon any peaceful person or any
peaceable ship. These men are not accused of that.
Then, sir, for what have they been arrested?
Senators say they are arrested by the consent of
Nicaragua. Can she give powerto the President
of the United States,bv her consent? Whoever
heard before that a foreign nation can consentthat
our Government, or our executive officer, shall
exercise power? He must get it from the laws of
his country. He cannot get it by the consent of
I any other Power; so that the question of the coa-
i; sent of Nicaragua is out of the case.
;| Then we are told that he gets it by the law of
;l nations. Where? These men, I am told, have
i, committed an offense against the law of nations.
Whore is it* The Constitution of the United
States has a clause, that disposes of all this la a
moment. Her^e is the power conferred on Con-
gress:
"To define and pun^h pitacies, and felonies committed
on the high ?ea*, and offenses against the law of nations."
Is the offense defined by Congress? If it is,
hold them to a trial. If it is not defined by Con-
gress, the President cannot execute it. Execute
an unwritten law of nations against an individual!
Why, sir, the power lies with Congress to define
the offense and punish it. Let us have done, then,
with all argumentsarismg from the law of nations.
The President cannot execute them, unless they
have been defined by acts of Congress. Now we
come back to the question.
It is suggested that the President, as command-
er-in-chief of the Navy, has some power. What
is his power? It is the same over the Navy and
over the Army, and over the militia. It is a power
to execute the law of the land; but you must have
a law before it can be executed. He has the right
to call out the Army, or naval forces, or the militia,
to aid civil process to preserve the public peace.
These things are defined by law; and we come
back at last to the question, where is the act of
Congress which authorizes the President of the
United States to go to the territory of Nicaragua,
or go to the coasts near her, and exercise a police
power? Sir, it must be an act of Congress. It
cannot be the consent of Nicaragua; it cannot be
the unwritten law of nations; it cannot be any of
his power as commander of the naval forces.
Where is the act? Gentlemen tell me that it is
the act of 18J 8; and it is that or nothing. To begin
with, the act of 1818 is a municipal law. It is
not a law to define and punish any offense against
the law of nations. It is a law to punish oifenses
against our own municipal sovereignty, and so
the Supreme Court has decided, and so its mani-
fest text and interpretation are. Its title is so:
" An act in addition to the act for the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States."
Against our sovereignty, our municipal sover-
eignty; and so it is in every section. The first
section provides—
" That if any citizen of the United States shall, within
the temtory oi jinisdiction thereof, accept and exeici>e a
commission to seivy a foreign piince, State, colony, distuct,
or people," &e.
iC Skc. 2. ft'any person shall, within the temtory or ju-
nsdictionof the United States, enlist or enter himself,1' See.
u Sec. 'i- If any peis-on .-.hall, within the limits of the Uni-
ted Stale-:, (it onf and aim," &,e.
"Sfc.5. if any person shall, within the territory or ju-
risdiction of the United States ntciease or augment the foice
of any ship-of-war, ciuiser, or other armed vessel,'' &e.
" Sec. 6. ff any person shall, withm the territory or ju-
lisdiction of the United States, begin or set on foot, or pro-
vide oi prepare the means for any military expedition," &e.
These are the offenses. There is but one of-
fense in this whole statute, the locus in quo of
which is outside of the territory and jurisdiction
of the United States, and that is defined by the
fourth section. What is that?
" Si c. 4. Jind be it further directed. That if any citizen
or citizens of the United Stale- shall, without the limits
theieof, fit out and arm, or attempt to fit out and aim, or
proemc to be litted out and armed, or shall knowingly aid
or he concerned in the fiirn>>!iiii<r, luting out. oi ai rmng, any
private ship or ve<sel-of-wai, ot pnvateer, with intent that
such ship or vessel shall he employed to cruise, oi commit
hostilities, upon the citizens of the United States or their
property*," See.
Not against Nicaragua, but against another cit-
izen of the United States. That is the sole offense
provided for from the beginning to the end of this
statute, that can be committed out of the territory
and jurisdiction of the United States; there is no
other.
Now, sir, what is the eighth section of the act?
That does not define any crime; it-is in further-
ance of the other provisions. It is a long section:
'* Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That m every ease in
whiCii a vessel shall he fitted out and armed, or attempted
to be litted out, and aimed, or in Which the rbice of any ves-
set-oMvar, cruiser,or otherarmed vessel, shall be increased"
r raugmented, or m which any military expedition or enter-
p;u>" shall be begun or set on foot, contraty to the provis-
i >ns and prohibitions of this act; and m eveiv case of the
capture of a F-hip or vessel within the jurisdiction or pro-
tection of the United States, as befoic defined ; and m eveiy
cane in which any proves issuing out of any court of the
United States shall be disobeyed or resisted by any person
or persons having the custody of any vessel of-war, ciuiser,
oro-iier armed vessel of any foicnm prince or State, or of
any colony, distuct. or people, or of any subieets or citizens;
of any foreign prince or State, <oi of any colon v, distuct, or
people, m eveiy such case it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of iho United Stales, or such other pei.-ori us lie shall
have empowered for that pin pose, to employ Mich pait of
the land oi naval forces of the United State-, orof the mihtia
the? cot, tor the purpose oi taking po-ses^ion of and detain-
ing any such ship oi ve.->.-vl, with her pi.ae or pinse*,if any,
in the oider to the execution of the piohihitious and penal-
ties of this act, and to the restomig the prize or pnze-in the
cases m which restorat'/M shall have been adjudged, anrl
also for the purpose of preventing the cairyiug on of any
