2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
First amendment:
Pag<* % m lme twelve, insert as follows:
, Provided, Thai no Army officer shall hereafter be de-
tailed for civii duty, except wlieiem provided by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Avery, Bilhftghurst, Buffin-
ton, Burhngame, Burnett, Btfrns, John B. Clark, Clay, John
Cochrane, Cox, "Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dean, English, Gilmer, Hatch, Hopkins, Jack
son, George W. Jones, Kelsey, Landy, Letcher, Lovejoy,
Sfaclav, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son, Miller, Millson, Isaac N. Morris. Nichols, Pendleton,
Petcit, Phillips, PmtJe, Powell, Ready, Reilly, Sandidge,
Henry M. Shaw, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Talbot, Miies Taylor, Vallandigham,
Walbridge, Elhhu B. Wastibume, White, John V. Wngin,
and Zollicoffer—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Arnold, Atkins, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bishop, Bonham, Bowie, Boycc, Brayton,
Case, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, dawson, Clemens., Cobb, Clark
B. Cochrane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comm?, Corning, Covode,
Cragm.James Craig, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dimmick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, EdmumHon,
Eustis. Farnsvvorth, Fenton, Plorencc, Foley, Foster, Gar-
nett, Gartrell, Gillie, Gilman, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin,
Granger, Greenwood, Greg?;, Groesbeck, Lawrence W.
Hall,"Ilarlan, Hawkins, Hoard, Hon on, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Ilm lor, Jewett, J Glnncy Jones, Kellogg, Kelly,
Kilgote, Knapp, Jacob M Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar,
Lawrence. Leiier, McKibbin, MeQueen, M.v-on, Mooie,
Morgan, Momll, Edwaid Joy Moiu-s, Ftecman H. Moi.se,
Mott, Mmiay, Nihlaek. Palmer, linker, John S. Phelps,
Pike, Totter, Purviance, Quitman. Reagan, Rieaud, Ritchie,
Robbins, Royce, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scott, Semitic,
Seward, Shortei, Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
James A. Stewart, William Stewait, Tappan, Tliaver,
Thompson. Tompkins, Trippe, Undct wood, Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwaladet C. Wa?hbnrn, Israel Wa-bbtirn,
Watkins, Wilson, Window. Wood, Woodson, Wortcn-
dyke, and Augustus R. Wught—126.
So the amendment was rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BLISS stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was callcd he should have
voted in the negative.
Mr. COMINS. Understanding that, if the
pending amendment prevails, it will displace en-
ginccis now in charge of public works, such as
forts, piers, and light-house towers, in which I
take an especial interest, I vote " no."
Mr. FLORENCE. Understanding this to be
a reflection upon ihe Army officers, I vote " no."
Mr. LETCHER. Understanding this to be a
reflection upon nobody, but the embodiment of a
sound and proper principle, I vote "ay."
Mr. BRANCH stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted " no."
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hickman-, was still detained from the House, in
consequence of indisposition.
After the announcement of the vote as above
recorded,
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon its passage.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adram, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale,Bishop, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,Bianch,
Burnett, Bums, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, lloiaco F.
Claik, John B. Claik. Clay, John Cochrane, Cockenll, Co-
imus. Corning, Cox, James Ctaig, Crawford, Cuny, Dnvid-
son, I)<ivi:>of Indiana, Davis of Mi^isMppi, Dimmick, Dow-
dell, Edtiiundson, Engh*h, tiustis, Floience, Foley, Gar-
rett. Cm hell, Ctlli->, Goode, Gi eon wood, Gregs, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Hurler,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Giancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,Lamar, Law-
rence, J-iOtcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McQueen, Samuel
S. Marshal/. Mason, Miller, Millson, Edward Joy Moiris,
Isaac N. Morns, ftiblaek, Pendleton, Peyton, 'John S.
Phelps, William W. Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ilcady, Rea-
gan, Reillv, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Scale-, Scott, Sear-
ing, ilenry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvoith, Stephens, Stevpnson, Tal-
bot, Miles Taylor, Vallandigham, White, Wmslow, Wood-
eon, Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wnght, and John V.Wright
—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andiews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blanr, Bliss, Brayton, Builmton, Burlinaame, Burroughs,
Case. Ezra Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Col-
fax, Curtis, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of iovva, Dean,
Dodd, Durfcc, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Ginian, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger. Giow, Harlan, Horton,
Hovvaul, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, JohnC. Kunkel,
Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mar&hall, Moiaun, Momll,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A Moise, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,Potter, Pottle. Purviance,
R&aud, Ritchie, RObbins, Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
lihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wood, and Zolli-
eoffer—81.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. REILLY stated that his colleague, Mr.
LEiDY,was detained at his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. MOORE stated that, if he had been within
the bar when His name was called, he should have
voted " ay."
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that, if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted " ay."
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that, if
he had been within the bar when his name was
called, he should have voted for the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted " no."
Mr. HOARD stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted against the bill.
After the announcement of the vote, as above
recorded,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill of the House (No. 538) making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United States
mail, by ocean steamers and otherwise, during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859, was
next taken up for consideration. The Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union reported
the bill back without amendment, and with the
recommendation that it do pass; the pending ques-
tion being upon the motion of Mr. J. Glancy
Jones to recommit the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, upon which the previous ques-
tion had been demanded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, and also with-
draw the motion to recommit. I now demand the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hone the gen-
tleman will withdraw the demand for tlie previous
question until some opportunity has been afforded
for amending the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to amend the
bill in a Ringlo particular, to which i presume the
chairman of tin- Committee of Ways and Means
will have no objection.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. NICHOLS. No debate is in order, and I
object to d( bate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I hope the
House will vote down the demand for the previ-
ous question, and allow the bill to be amended.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object to debate.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded tellers
on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The mam question was ordered to be put.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkms, Avery, Barksdale,
Bennett, Bingham, Bonham. Boyce, Branch, Biyan, Bur-
nett, Burrouch?, Ezia Claik, John B. Clark, "dawson,
Clemens, Cobb, Ciagm, James Craig, Curry, Curtis. Davis
of Indiana. Davn of Mississippi, Davis of "Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dean, Edmundson, Gamott, Gaitiell, Goode, i
Giecnvvood, Giow, Iiailan, Hill, Houston, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones. Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp,
Lamat, Lawicnco. Le:toi, Love|oy, McUueen, Ilumphiey
Marshall. Samuel S. Marshall. Mason,Mattcson. Maynard,
Millson, Moore, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Nichols, Pcvton,
Potter, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan. Ricaud, Robbins,
Ruffin, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Steven-
son, James A Stewart, Talbot,Tompkins. Trippe, Under-
wood, Wade, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Wash-
burne, Wilson, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Abl, Andiews, Arnold,
Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton, Bnrhngamc,
Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Horace, F.
Clark, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane. Cockenll,
Colfax, Comins, Corning, Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Davis
of Maryland, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdetl, Durfee, Edie, Eng-
lish, Eustis. Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster,
Gilhs, Gilinan, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gie^,
Groesbeek, Lawrence W. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Has-
kin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Howard,
Hughes, Huyler, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jone*, Kelly, John
C. Kunkel, Landy, Letchcr, Maclay, McKibbin, Miller,
Morgan, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Palmer, Parker, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips,
Pottle, Redly, Ritchie, Robeits, Royce, Russell, Sandidgo,
Scott, Seating, Judson W. Sherman, Samuel A. Smith,
Tappan, George Taylor, Miles Taylor. Thayer, Thompson,
Vallandigham, Walbndgc,Waldson, Walton, Israel Wash-
burn, Wood, Woodson, and Woitendyke—108.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The vote then recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aifirmative—yeas 101, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Adraln, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Bishop, Blif-s, Bowie, Ria\ron, Buflinton, Burlinaame,
Burns, Burroughs, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Horace
F. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John Coch-
rane, Cockenll, Colfax, Comini, Cornini.'. Cox, Ctawloid,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, English. Eustis, Fains-
worih, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gillis, Gilman,
Gooch, Greenwood, Giegg, Groe&beck, Lawrence W Hall,
J. Moirison Harris, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins. Hoard, Hop-
kins, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Iluylei, J. Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones, Kelly, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Letcher, Mac-
lay, McKibbin, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns. Free-
man II. Mor«e, Oliver A. Morse. Muiray, Palmer, Parker,
Pendleton, William W. Plielp*, Phillips, Pottle, Purviattee,
Reilly, Kitchio, Royce, Ru-^gII, Scott, Searma, Sew,ml,
Jud'-on W. Sheiman, Sickle<, Samuel A SmMh, Tappan,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayet, Thompson, Wal-
bridne, Waldron, Walton, lsi<iel Washburn, Wood, Woi-
tendyke, and \ngiistiis R. Wught—101.
NAYS — Mes^is. Anderson, Allans, Aveiy, Baiksdale,
Bennett,Bingham, Blair, Bocock, Bonham, 13") ce, Branch,
Biyan, Burnett, Case, Caskic, Ezra Clark, John B. Claik,
Clemens, Cobb, Ciagin, James Craig, Currv, Cuitn, Davis
of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Edie, Ed-
uiuikKoii, Elliott, G.unett, Gaitrell, Gilmer, Goude, Giow,
H:iil;iij, Hill, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewott, George
W.Jones, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Knapp, Lamar, Lawrence,
Letter, Lovejov, McUueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S Marshall, Ma^on, Maynard, Miles, Milter, Millson,
Moore. Mott, Pettir, Peyton, Pike, Potter, Q.uitinan, Ready,
Reagan. Rieaud, Ruffin, Samhdge, Scales, Aaron Shaw,
Hemj- M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, Spinner, Stallwoith,
Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot,
Tompkins,Trippe, Underwood, Vallandigham,Wade, Cad-
walader C. Wa^hbuin, Eihhu B. Washburne, White, Wil-
son, Wmslow, Woodson, John V. Wught, and Zollicoffer
->J4.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. .T. GLANCY .TONES moved torcconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Tlis latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of the House,
for extending the land laws east of the Cascade
mountains in Oregon and Nebraska Territories.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act(H. K. JXo. 170) for extending the land
laws east of the Cascade mountains m Oregon
and Washington Territories.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to make a very brief
personal explanation this morning to the House.
Yesterday, in a controversy I had with the
Speaker, it is very likely that I held the floor witli
too much persistency; and I desire now to make
an apology to the Speaker and the House for that
little exhibition of feeling.
The SPEAKER. The "Chair had no doubt that
