1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL.
411
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilman.
Ho. of Reps.
sition rejected,' it shall be deemed and held that the people
of Kansas do not desire admission into the Union with said
constitution under the conditions set forth in said proposi-
tion j and m that event the people," &c.
The purpose and the design are evidently to leave
the impression on the mind that there is only a
submission of a land ordinance. The words
" said constitution," however, are entitled to a
slight consideration. They have a significance.
Let not the people of Kansas be deceived; let them
look to the relation of " said constitution" to the
language of the preamble. Here is a part of the
preamble:
" Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by
a convention of delegates assembled at Lecompton, on the
7th day ofNovember, 1857, for that purpose, form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, which consti-
tution is republican," &c.
The mind that conceived the conference bill
knew well that the three words " said Lecompton
constitution" might awaken disagreeable associ-
ations. But " said constitution" are words that
might not arrest the attention. Butletus be char-
itable. Certainly it was very kind and consider-
ate to avoid the use of language offensive to an
honorable people. The skillful magician was un-
doubtedly actuated by the most honorable mo-
tives. Like a skillful and humane physician,he
would prepare a nauseating dose so that it could
be administered without disagreeable sensations.
Besides, there is a serpent in the grass; it would
not be wise for the serpent to hiss to warn the
victim, before the venom of his fangs permeates
the system. " Whereas the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas did, by a convention of delegates
assembled at Lecompton, on the 7th day of No-
vember, 1857, for that purpose, form for them-
selves a constitution and Stale government,"&c.,
is the language of the preamble.
The people having formed it, there can be no |
doubt as to its validity, no doubt as to its vital- i
ity. There is no other constitution. As the peo-
ple formed it, there can be no other. It is the
only embodiment of the will of the people. The
delegates have indicated the will of the people.
Kansas is therefore a State, because it has a State
government. It will therefore be useless to sub-
mit more than a " land ordinance;"and in Older
to render the ordinance as intelligible as possible,
and to give to it form and comelincss, and in order
to illustrate the subtilty and ledgerdemain of its
authors, the two words " said constitution" have
been placed in the first section. That is indeed
a profound statesmanship, and worthy of all ad-
miration, which has induced the authors of the
conference bill to inform the ignorant and deluded
people of Kansas, that on the 7th day of Novem-
ber, 1857, they did form for themselves a State
government; and, in order more deeply to impress
them with the fact, to offer four million acres of
land.
But there is a consideration which will he
urged by those who take another view of the bill,
that the people of Kansas must take a pro-slavery
constitution with the land bribe, or remain out of
the Union. What an insult to an intelhgentpeo-
ple ! An American Congress has no higher stand-
ard of honor or propriety than to offer four mil-
lion acres of land for a pro-slavery constitution.
Grave Senatois and enlightened Representatives
deem it to be the part of wisdom to bestow four
million acres upon forty thousand American free-
men, the peers of us all, if they will only become
the tools of Executive power and Executive tyr-
anny. Four million acres of land are offered for
the degradation and humiliation of a brave and
enterprising people. I will, in this connection,
make a quotation from the Kansas-Nebraska act,
passed m the year 1854:
It being the uue intent and meaning of this act, not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly tree
to foim and regulate their domestic institutions in then own
way," &e.
In 1858, the Congress of the United States de-
clares to the people of Kansas: accept aland ordi-
nance with " said constitution," accept the Le-
compton swindle with African slavery, and the
President will immediately proclaim4liat you are
a State. This appeal to the cupidity and to the
avarice of men, rather than to their judgment and
common sense, is, I presume, leaving the people
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way !
In 1856, the delegates of the party termed Dem-
ocratic, assembled at Cincinnati to form a national
platform. Here is a resolution adopted by the
convention:
"Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into tbe Union upon terms
of perfect equality with the other States."
Has it not been urged on this floor, with great
pertinacity and emphasis, that a body of men, as-
sembled at Lecompton on the 7th of November,
1857, embodied the " legally and fairly expressed
will of a majority of actual residents." The Ad-
ministration is compelled, by this submission of
aland ordinance with " said constitution," to ac-
knowledge before the world that the convention
of the 7th of November, 1857, was a convention
that did not indicate the " will of the actual resi-
dents." The Cincinnati resolution will not cover
the case; it is not equal to the emergency. The
Administration, with all its powerand patronage,
has endeavored to convince the House that the
"Lecompton convention" indicated the "will
of a majority, legally and fairly expressed." If
it indicates and embodies such a " will," why .
consent to a submission of a land ordinance with
"said constitution?" The Cincinnati platform
is repudiated; " the will of the people, legally and
fairly expressed," is treated with contempt. And,
by its own acknowledgment, the Administration
is held responsible for all the frauds and all the
villainy perpetrated by the pro-slavery party in
Kansas. The Lecompton swindle, undoubtedly
concocted in this city, the creature of fraud, of
violence, and of Executive authority, " the legally
expressed will of a majority," is associated with
a land ordinance! What a juxtaposition of ideas;
what a heterogeneous combination; what a har-
monious relation is presented in the confeience
bills ! What an admirable contrivance to shiver
and shatter the Democratic party! What a
scheme to expose the Administration to the ridi-
cule and sarcasm of intelligent minds! What an
illustration of the degeneracy of the times! What
a departure from the policy of the founders of the
Government! What a mournful evidence of the
decadence of American statesmanship I What
an example for the youth of the Republic—that
trick and legerdemain aie more essential in the
administration of public affairs than the excrcise
of the higher and nobler qualities and faculties of
the mind and heart.
But, sir, the Cincinnati convention, by the res-
olution to which 1 have referred, acknowledges
the right of the people of Kansas " to form a con-
stitution with or without domestic slavery, and be
admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect
equality with the other States." Now, if the ordi-
nance with " said constitution;" if the bribe and
the swindle are accepted; Kansas, by proclamation
of the President, becomes a State of the Union,
although the population of the Territory does not
exceed" thirty or forty thousand. If, according to
the language of the conference bill, the proposi-
tion, or the bribe, is rejected, then—
" The people of said Territoiy aie heiebv authorized and
empoweied to lorm foi themselves a constitution and State
1 government, by the name u( th? fate of Kansas, a<oord-
1 mg to the Federal Constitution, d may elect delegates for
i that pui pose whenever, and not before, it is a-cei tamed, by
i a census duly and legally taken, that the population of said
j Terutory equals or exceeds tiieiatsoof reprc-euuu.on re-
quned tor a member of the flou-e of Representatives ot
the Congress of the United States."
What would be a census " duly and legally
taken ?" A census taken by an act of the Terri-
torial Legislature at any time; or a census taken
by act of Congress at some future period? are
questions naturally suggested. But the consid-
eration to which I desire to call the attention of
the House is that part of the Cincinnati resolution
relating to Kansas, "and be admitted into the
Union upon terms of perfect equality with other
States." That is, a slave State can be " admitted
. into the Union upon terms of perfect equality with
| other States," while a free State can only be ad-
! nutted " upon terms of perfect" inequality. The
i people of Kansas can have a State government in
18.38, if they will sanction a fistud; if they will not
sanction a fraud, they can have 110 State govern-
ment m 1858; and here we behold the " plighted
faith"of the Cincinnati platform; here we behold
the doctrine of " perfect equality;" applied, illus-
trated, and demonstrated in ine admission of
States. Here we behold the Punic faith of modern
Democracy! How long will the American people
tolerate the supremacy of a class of men so faith-
less to their pledges, so capricious in their policy
There is another feature in the conference bill,
the significance of which cannot be overlooked;
and that is, the constitution of the btoard of com-
missioners:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
ofinsuiing, as far as possible, that the elections authorized
by tins act may be fan and free, the Governor, United States
distiiet attorney, and Secretary of the Territory of Kansas,
and the presiding officers of the two branches of the Legis-
lature, namely, the President of the Council, and Speaker
of the House of Representatives, are hereby constituted a
board of commissioners to carry into effect the provisions
of (his act, and to use all the means necessary and proper
to that end."
Now, it is well known to the House that the
Governor, United States attorney, and the Sec-
retary of the Territory, indicate and reflect the
will and purpose of the Administration. The
President of the Council and the Speaker of the
Territorial Assembly represent the sentiment of
the people. Here, then, is a majority favorable
to the Administration. Compare this second
section of the conference bill with the following
third section of the Crittenden and Montgomery
bill:
" HFC. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
ofinsiirmg, :i:- iar a-, possible, that the elections autliouzed
' livthis act may he lair and free, the Governor and Secretary
of tbe Territory of Kansas, and the presiding olficcis of the
two hi .inches of it* Legisl.iuno, namely, the President of the
! Council and Speaker of the House. of Representatives, are
I heieby constituted a boaui of commissioners to carry into
j efiect the provisions ot this act, and to use all the means
neeesbmy and proper to that end."
1 Had the Crittenden bill become a law, there
would have been two members of the board repre-
j senting the Administration, and two representing
i the people of Kansas. An arrangement so fair, so
; just, and, I may say, so generous to the Adminis-
j tration, has been rejected by Congress. That class
1 of politicians who proclaimed at Cincinnati, and
on the floor of the House of Representatives, the
[ doctrine of" popular sovereignty," the doctrine
1 of non-intervention, and who profess to cherish a
policy that will " leave the people perfectly free to
j form- and regulate their domestic institutions in
1 their.own way,"cannotpermit the people of Kan-
sas to have a majority of the board of commis-
1 sioners. The President of the United States, Cab-
. inet officers, shrewd and sagacious polititians,aIl
[ in the enjoyment of power, and good round sala-
i ries, having no feelings in cofnmon with those
| men who endure all the trials and all the labor in-
cident to the settlement of the western wilderness,
must still continue to vex and harass that peo-
ple, who have received nothing from the pastand
present Administrations but intervention, circum-
; vention, insult, and injury. Another deep game
! is to be played in Kansas, and a majority of the
] board of commissioners is essential to "designate
and establish such precincts for voting,"" to cause
polls to be opened at such places," and " to ap-
point,as judges of election," such men as will
best conserve the purpose and design of the cen-
tral power at Washington. What that purpose
and design is, future events will unfold and indi-
cate. The conduct of the Administration in re-
lation to the affairs of Kansas; the consideration
1 thn t the pro-slavery leaders have so much at stake,
j: so much at hazard, in the decision of the question;
I so much have the leaders to gain if the majority
accept the bribe, and so much to lose if themajor-
i ity reject the bribe, that no one will be surprised
if an apparent majority is found for the acceptance
\ of the bribe.
The history of Kansas presents a dark and
1 dismal picture; but there is 110 part of the pic-
ture more offensive or repulsive than the frauds
! perpetrated at the ballot-box. Have we not rea-
son to fear, from the organization of the board of
commissioners, and from the experience of the
i past, that if fraudulent returns are wanted, fraud-
i, ulent returns will be fabricated ? The Governor,
as a member of the board, and in his official ca-
i1 pacity, certifies and proclaims the returns; the
1; Piesident, by the conference bill, has only to pro-
II claim Kansas a State of the Union, the Admm-
1 istration triumphant, the power of the South vin-
