1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
it was a momentary exhibition of feeling, and that
the gentleman would make the reparation which
he has done.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate have
insisted upon their amendments, disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 202) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30,1859, and ask a committee of con-
ference. 1 ask that the message may be taken
up, and the requestfor a committee of conference
agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall object. All the ras-
calities of Congress are peipetrated through the
means of conference committees.
Mr. SINGLETON. Will it be in order to move
that the committees be called for reports?
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to appeal to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Morgan] to with-
draw his objection to agreeing with the request
of the Senate for a committee of conference on the
legislative bill. The session is drawing to aclose,
and we have nearly all the appropriation bills to
act finally on yet.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, sir, I will withdraw
my objection in this instance; but I want it under-
stood that I will not do it in another instance.
Messrs. J. Glancy Jones, il0rt0m,and Jack-
son, were appointed a committee of conference on
the part of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular order
of business.
JAMES BEATTV'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill (No. 57) for the
relief of James Bnatty's persona! representatives,
with the recommendation that it do not pass;
which was laid upon ilic table, and the report
ordeied to be punted.
N. AND B. GODDARD.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back bill (C. C. No. 155) for the relief of
j\f. and B. Goddard, executors of Nathaniel God-
dard, with the recommendation that it do not pass;
which was laid upon the table, and the adverse re-
port ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM H. RUSSELL.
Mr MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back bill (C. C. No. 83) for the relief of
William H. Russell; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
JOSIAIi SHAW.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. J5G) rorthe relief of
Josiali Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jersey, with
the recommendation that it do not pass; which
was laid upon the table, and the report ordered to
be printed.
CAPTAIN A. \V. REYNOLDS.
Mr MAYNARD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Captain A. W. Rey-
nolds; which was read a first ana second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM WEER.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of William
"Weer; which was laid upon the table, and theie-
port ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr, BARKSDALE. 1 call for the regular order
of business. .
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order of
blMr? LETCHER. I hope that I will be allowed
to report a couple of private claims from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. They are clearly
no-tit. and will pass m a few minutes. We can
devote to-morrow to the consideration of private
bills in a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that this is objection day in the Committee of the
Whole House, and to-morrow will not be. The
gentleman can make his reports to-morrow as
well as to-day.
Mr. LETCHER. I will say that, so far as
these cases are concerned, there will not be objec-
tion to them in the House.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I insist on my motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. .
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bills on the
Calendar would be taken up where the committee
had left off on the last objection day.
MARY BLATTENBERGER.
A bill (II. R. No. 343) granting a pension to
Mary Rlattetiliei-ger, widow of John Blattenber-
ger. [Objected to by Mr. Smitii, of Virginia.]
CAPTAIN STANTON SIIOLES.
A bill (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of Captain
Stanton Sholes. _
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to place Captain Stanton Sholes
upon the list of invalid pensioners of the United
States, at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
to commence on the 1st of January, 1B58.
It appears, from the report of the committee,
that Sholes was a captain of ail artillery company,
acting under a commission from President Madi-
son ill 1812; that he was actively engaged during
the war, although it does not appear that he was
in any battle; that he lost his ba^a^e by no fault
of his own, but by the remissness of the Govi m-
ment officers. It appears further, that Captain
Sholes, while in service, and while drilling his
men. as an artillery officer, was knocked six or
eight feet by the dischaige of a 12-pounder; was
picked up apparently lifeless; that when he came
to himself he was entirely deaf; that he has been
partially restored to his hearing, but his left ear
has ever since been deaf, and it has increased m
deafness with the lapse of years, until he is now
an infirm old man; and for forty years past he has
been obliged to seclude himself from society, being
incapacitated from duty on the jury, and other
dimes—in fact, from all the business of life.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
nancy magfll
A bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of Nancy
Magill. of Ohio.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Naney Magiii, widow of James
Magill, of the State of Ohio," on the pension roll,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, for_five
years, commencing on the 4th of March, 1&5S.
It appears, from the report, that James llagilj,
the husband of Nancy Magill, enlisted as a pri-
vate for the war ill the company of Captain Hoag-
land, Colonel Morgan's regiment of infantry, on
the 23th of April, 1847. was wounded at Chepul-
tepec 13th September, 1847, and discharged from
the service August 4, 1848; was subsequently ap-
pointed brevet"second lieutenant, and promoted
first lieutenant for his bravery during the war.
On the 29th March, 1849, he was compelled to re-
slcrn his commission as lieutenant on account of
ilfhcalth. It further appears that some time in
the year 1849, after he resigned his commission
as lieutenant, he left his residence in Coshocton,
Ohio, for the purpose of going to Cincinnati on
business, since which time he has not been heard
from, although she has made diligent search and
inquiry as to his whereabouts; she verily believes
he is dead.
The bill was !a>d aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 346) for the relief of William
Sutton.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William Sutton on the roll of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of six dollars per
month, to commence from and after the uth of
February, 1858, and to continue during the period
ot his natural life. „
It appears, from the report, that William button
was a private in company A, in the fourth legi.
mr-nt of Indiana volunteers, in the V,'ar with Mex-
ico; that about August, 1847, while in the service
and in the line of his duty, he was attacked with
fever and diarrhea, which continued him on, the
sick list until January, 1848, when his disease,
having become chronic, and having affected his
nerves, destroying the sight of one eye and injur-
ing the other, he was discharged from service as
unfit for duty; that his infirmities have continued
and are incurable, and partly incapacitate him to
earn a livelihood by labor. His case amounts to
three fourths of a total disability.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOSEPH WEBB.
A bill (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Joseph
Webb.
The bill directs that the monthly pay heretofore
allowed by law to Joseph Webb, as invalid pen-
sioner, be increased to eight dollars per month;
and that the Secretary of the Interior be author-
ized and directed to pay Webb at that rate from
and after the 1st of January, 1852.
The report shows that by a special act of Con-
gress of the 25th of June, 1834, the said Webb
was placed on the list of invalid pensioners of the
United States, for disability arising from a wound
received while in the service of the United States,
and in the line of his duty, during: the war of 1812,
at the rate of six dollars per month, which rate
was fixed in consequence of the certificate of sur-
geons that his disability was three quarters of a
total disability, that said Webb further represents
that the disability arising from the aforesaid
wound has been formally yeaisso much increased
at! to amount to a tot.il disability; and that, on the
OQth day of April, 1851, he submitted himself to
I the examination of two skillful surgeons, John
1 Mason and W. II. Crown, who thereupon gave
their affidavit, in due form, that said Webb s dis-
ability,arising from said wounds, was a total dis-
ability; and that, in then-opinion, he was entitled
to a full pension of eight dollars per month, in-
stead of six, the sum he has been drawing under
his existing pension ceitificate.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be leported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
EDWIN M. CHAFFEE.
A bill (H. R. No. 348) for the relief of Edwin
M. Chofiee. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
R. L. 33- CLARKE.
A IiiM (II. R. No. 351) for the relief of R. L.
B. Clarke. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
ENOCH E. TALCOTT.
A bill for the payment of extra compensation
to Enoch H.Talcott, for his services and expenses
in recoveiing Government funds embezzled by
Jacob luchaidson. [Objected to by Mr. SsiriH,
of Virginia.]
NAHUM WARD.
A bill (H. R. C. C. No. 27) for the relief of
Nahum Ward.
Objection being made, the bill was passed over.
ELI W. GOFF.
A bill (II. R. No, 353) for the relief of Eli W.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury, upon satisfactory proof being pre-
sented that Eli W. Goff, late inspector of customs
for the district of Vermont, actually sustained
damages and losses by his efforts faithfully to ex-
ecute the revenue laws of the United States, to
audit the account of the said Goff, and to pay to
him the amount of said damages and losses thus
proven, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; provided that the amount
allowed Goff shall be for damages resulting di-
rectly from a proper discharge ot his legal duties
as inspector of customs, and shall not exceed five
thousand dollars. ..
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with arecommenda-
tion that it do pass.
CAPTAIN SAMUEL MILLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 354) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain Samuel Miller. [Objected to by Mr.
! Jones, of Tennessee.]
