1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
the House. Now, let us see what those resolu-
tions am. Here is one of them:
c'To John ]VX. Barclay, its Journal clerk, what will make
his jugular annual compensation for his past services, and
umil otherwise ordered, equal to that now paid to the chief
clerk under the Secretary of the Senate."
Now, sir, what is that resolution ? The pres-
ent Journal clerk—the gentleman for whose ben-
efit this resolution was intended—commenced his
service here some ten years ago, at an annual
compensation of $1,500, if I mistake not. He has
received, I take it, every year twenty per cent,
upon this amount in the shape of extra compen-
sation or permanent increase of pay. And now
his compensation is $2,160. But what does this
resolution do ? It proposes to go back to the time
when that gentleman's service commenced here,
and to give him the compensation, not that the
chief clerk under the Secretary of the Senate re-
ceived at that time—no, sir; but it is to give him
ashis rcgularannualcompensationfromthe period
of the commencement of his service here, and until
otherwise ordered, the same compensation that
the chief clcrk under the Secretary of the Senate
received at the time of the adoption of the resolution.
Now, what did the chief clerk of the Senate re-
ceive at*the time that the Journal clerk commenced
his service here ? Eighteen hundred dollars; and
his salary now, and at the time that this resolu-
tion was adopted at the close of the last session
of Congress, was $2,500. Thus you go back,
and, by this lesolution, you give him $2,500 from
1847 up to this time, being $600 a year more than
the chief clerk of the Senate received at the time
the service of the Journal clerk commenced here.
Now, I ask if there is any gentleman here who,
upon the plain presentation of that proposition,
would vote for it ?
But this same section is intended to cover an-
other resolution of the last House, which pro-
vided that each of the employes of this House
should have twenty per cent, extra compensation
upon his salary. Then, sir, if you put this sal-
ary up to $2,500, twenty percent, upon that will
make the compensation of this officer $3,000, in-
cluding his regular annual compensation, and
twenty per ccnt. extra compensation under the
other resolution which was adopted at the last
session.
Now, sir, there was another resolution passed
for the benefit of James C. Walker, the reading
clerk. It provided that his compensation, from
the time he commenced his service here until other-
wise ordered, should be the same as that of the
reading clerk of the Senate. What was the sal-
ary of the reading clerk of the Senate when Mr.
Walker commenced his service here? It was
$1,500. The chief clerk did the reading then,
and he received $1,500 at the time this gentleman 5s
scrvicc commenced. And this resolution was to
go back some ten years, and give this officer
$2,160, the compensation of the reading clerk of
the Senate at the time the resolution passed; and
adding twenty per ccnt. to that, you have some-
where in the neighborhood of two thousand five
hundred dollars as the compensation of that of-
ficer.
_ Well, Mr. Chairman, there is another resolu-
tion which is also covered by this third section;
and that is, to give to another employe of the
House $360 per annum for every year that he has
made a statement of the appropriations made, of-
ficers created, &c. This gentleman, Mr. Buck, is
one of the clerks under the Clerk of this House.
The Clerk himself is required to have this duty
performed. He has had it done at each session,
after the adjournment of Congress. And now
this gentleman who has done the work, and who
has a salary of @1,800, must have $360 a year
more, (amounting in all to $4,000,) and in addi-
tion to that, the extra compensation of twenty per
cent, upon that.
It seems to be disputed whether the amounts
voted under these resolutions were paid or not.
These gentlemen would not come up here squarely,
and say out and out that they have got the money,
and that Mr. Cullom can look to the Government
for it. The Secretary of the Treasury and the
accounting officer have refused to recognize these
accounts. Here they are:
Treasury Department, June 20, 1857.
Sir : The Clerk of the [louse of Representatives submits
in settlement of his accounts at youi ollice the following
vouchers*:
House of Representatives, United States,
To William Cullom, Dr.
For additional compensation for settling and adjustiniuhe
outstanding hills under the bookresolution,found on file in
the office, which belonged to mv predecessor, $750.
March 7,1857, received of William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of .Representatives, United States, $750 m full of the
above account. WILLIAM CULLOM.
Indorsed: Allowed.
13. B. THUKSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
House of Representatives, United States,
To John M. Ba.rcla.y, Dr.
For amount of compensation allowed by the resolution
of the House of Representatives of March 3.1857, .$5,706 97.
March 30, 1857, received of William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of Representatives, United States, .$5,706 97, in full
of the above account. JOHN M. BARCLAY.
Indorsed: Allowed.
B. B.THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
House of Representatives, United States,
To John M. Barclay, Dr.
For clerical services on alphabetical index, during the
Thirty-Third Congress, $250.
February 19, 1857, received of William Culloin, Clerk of
the House of Representatives, United States, $250, in full
of the above account. JOHN M. BARCLAY.
Indorsed: Allowed.
B-.-B. THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
House of Representatives, United States,
To Daniel Buck, Dr.
For collating, correcting, and preparing for publication
the list of appropriations made, new offices created, &c., as
required by the act of July 4, 183G, for the second session
Twentj-Eighth Congress, fiistand second sessions Twen-
ty-Ninth Congress, fii>t and sccond sessions Thirtieth Con-
gross, fit.st and second sessions Thirty-Fii^t Congress, first
arid second sessions Thirty-Second Congress, first and sec-
ond sessions Thirty-Third Congress, and third session Thir-
ty-Foujth Congrcas, as authorized by the resolution of the
House of Representatives of March 3, 1857, at $360 per ses-
sion, $4,330.
March 31, 1857, received of William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of Representauves, United States, $4,330, in full of
the above account. DANIEL BUCK.
Indorsed: Allowed.
B. B. THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
House of Representatives, United States,
* To W. P. Ingram, Dr.
For services as clerk to Committee of Accounts of Thir-
ty- Fourth Congress, $650.
March 31,1857, received of William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of Representatives, United States, $650 m full of the
above account. ' W. P. INGRAM.
Indorsed: Allowed.
B. B. THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts,
House of Representatives, United States,
To John Bailey, Dr.
For compensation for additional services as clerk in the
office of (lie House of Representatives, Umtrd States,
twenty-five dollar* a monih fiom the l^t day of May, 1850,
to June 30, 1853, being thirty-emlu months, $950.
March 31. 1857, received ot William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of Representatives, United States, $950 in full of
the above account. JOHN BAILEY.
Indorsed: Aliowed.
B. B. THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
House of Representatives, United States,
To J. C. Walker, Dr.
For this amount allowed as reading elck, by resolution
of the House of March 3,1857, directing a sufficient sum to
be paid out of the contingent fund to make icgular annual
salaiy foi pact services equal to the annual amount now
received by the reading clerk of the Senate, (see statement
annexed,) $1,748 67.
March 31,1857, received of William Cullom, Clerk of the
House of Represents lives, United States, $1,748 67, in full
of the above account. J. C. WALKER.
Indorsed: Allowed.
B. B. THURSTON,
Chairman Committee of Accounts.
Then there is one to Mr. Gait for a balance of
$609, and one to Mr. Tompkins for §378 46.
This one to Mr. Ingram does not come under
these resolutions, but is based upon an allowance
by the Committee of Accounts for services ren-
dered as clerk of that committee. He was the
chief clerk under the Clerk of this House, at a
salary of $2,160, and this receipt is for $650, for
services as clcrk to the Committee of Accounts.
How do these papers come here in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury ? They were pre-
sented at the First Auditor's office as vouchers, and
registered there in order to enable the Clerk to
make requisitions for the money; and I learn at
the First Auditor's office that these accounts or
receipts are not always indorsed as allowed by
the Committee of Accounts, but that the receipts
are always audited and signed before they are
presented there. How it was with these partic-
ular receipts I cannot say.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will furnish him with the papers, so that he
can say.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want
them now. I understand that the Clerk presents
them at the First Auditor's office, thoy are regis-
tered, and then other requisitions are allowed at
the First Comptroller's office; but they are fre-
quently presented there with the receipt allowed
before they are indorsed by the chairman of the
Committee of Accounts. But here are some of
these accounts, Mr. Chairman, which are re-
ceipted on the 31st day of March, 1857. The
indorsement of the chairman of the Committee
of Accounts, Mr. Thurston, is below that date,
and nearly one month after his term of office as
a member of the House had expired, and of course
after the committee ceased to exist.
Mr. LETCHER. Just at this point will the
gentleman allow me to say how this indorsement
is made and the reeeipt prepared ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have only two
or three minutes leftand my friend from Virginia
will have an hour when this debate is closed, in
which to reply to what is said in this debate. One
thing I will say to him, and to this House, that
if every other item in this bill met with my ap-
probation I would not vote for the bill while the
provision to which I refer is in it. When gen-
tlemen put a bill in such shape that I cannot vote
for the good without voting for the bad too, it
may appear a small matter to others, but so far
as I am concerned I cannot vote for the good if I
must take with it something which I cannot vote
for, unless with a violation of principle held by
me to be sacred. The good must go with the
bad, and the responsibility must be with those
who present such an obnoxious measure to the
House. This is the principle on which I legis-
late. If the House will establish these salaries,
although X will not vote for any higher pay, yet
I will vote for an appropriation under that law,
when it is made. Until there is a law for it, of
course I will vote against it. I say that this sec-
tion based upon the resolutions which I have read
is in violation of law, without authority or sanc-
tion from the statute-book. I should like to speak,
Mr. Chairman, of the other resolutions intended
to be covered, and which will be covered, by this
third section, if it passes Congress. It will give
back pay; it will give extra pay, and not only
under one resolution, and to one individual, but
to many individuals, under various resolutions,
giving them gratuities of thousands, and then the
general resolutions will come in to give them
twenty per cent, additional upon their regular
compensation.
This resolution will give to your clerk $720,1
believe, being twenty per cent, upon his salary of
$3,600. Under that resolution, sir, however, I
do not understand that there has been one cent
paid. Under that compensation resolution, up to
a very recent date, there had certainly been no
vouchers presented at the Treasury for extra com-
pensation paid under it. Then, if there hadTieen
none paid, why should we, by a law, enact to give
this extra compensation to the persons who are
specified ?
[Here the hammer fell.']
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, with the ap-
propriations contained in this bill, I propose to
have very little to do, nor shall I examine so mi-
nutely as has the gentleman from Tennessee the
question as to whether the various items embraced
in it are deficiencies, or whether they are appro-
priations for the ordinary expenses of the current
year. If they be necessary, Mr. Chairman, I am
prepared to vote for them. If they be in discharge
of liabilities contracted by the Government, under
the authority of officers, having in charge the par-
ticular duties assigned to them, I certainly shall
feel disposed to vote for them. Nor is it neces-
sary, in tha few remarks I shall make upon the
question, that I shall enter into a discussion as to
whether war exists in Utah; its kind, its charac-
ter, or otherwise. I purpose to speak mainly
upon a different branch of the question; and I
have felt it incumbent upon me to take this pecu-
liar line of policy from my connection with some
of the accounts alluded to by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and which are objected to so strenu-
ously by him.
