2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
WILLIAM EDMONDSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 355) for the relief of the heirs
of William Edmondston. [Objected to by Mr.
Deaw.]
ROSWELL MINARD.
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Roswell
Minard, fatherof Theodore Minard, deceased.
The bill directs the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to issue to Roswell Minard, the
father of Theodore Minard, deceased, a warrant
for one hundred and sixty acies of land, in lieu of
bounty land warrant No. 34,754, heretofore issued
to Theodore Minard, deceased, which warrant,
when so issued, shall bcin all respects of the same
effect as the warrant No. 34,754 would have been
had it been issued to said Roswell Minard: pro-
vided, however, that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall be satisfied that said Roswell
Minard is the father of Theodore Minard, de-
ceased-, that Theodore Minard died without leav-
ing a wife or lawful children; and that Theodore
Minard never assigned or transferred the bounty
land warrant No. 34,754.
The second section authorizes the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to institute legal pro-
ceedings, in such manner as he may deem proper,
to vacate the patent issued upon the last men-
tioned bounty land warrant, to recover the land
embraced in the patent, for the benefit of the Uni-
ted States, or for such other relief as he may deem
suited to the case, and to cause the person or per-
sons guilty of forging the assignment of the boun-
ty land warrant, and all persons criminally con-
nected with the forgery, or of uttering or passing
the forged assignment, to be prosecuted for the
offense; the lawful expense of which legal pro-
ceedings and prosecutions shall be paid for by the
Secretary of the Treasury, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with arccommcnda-
tion that it do pass.
ABEL M. BUTLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of Abel
M. Butler.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to issue to Abel M Butler,a volunteer in the com-
pany of Captain Jesse Stone, and engaged in the
battles at Fort Oswego, New York, in 1813-14, a
warrant or certificate for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, which warrant may bo located by
him, his hens or assigns, upon any of the public
lands of the United Slates subject to private entry;
and directs that upon the return of the certificate
or warrant, with evidence of the location having
been legally made, to the General Land Office, a
patent shall be issued therefor.
It appears, from the petition, that Abel M.But-
ler was a volunteer in the company of Captain
Jesse Stone, under Colonel Parkhurst, in April,
1813, and marched with said company to the de-
fense of Fort Oswego, then being attacked by the
British; and again, on the 5th day of Ma y, 1814,
he volunteered into said company, and fought
through the battle of Oswego, again attacked by
the enemy. That in May, 1855, he presented his
claim to the Commissioner of Pensions for bounty
land under the actof March 3,1855, but his claim
was denied for want of record evidence. It ap-
pears, from the papers on file, that the service was
performed with fidelity and bravery, and by the
direct and positive testimony of two of ins com-
rades, who were in these battles in the same com-
pany, and who have received land warrants for
such service.
No objection being made,the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
GEORGE P. 1VIARSII.
An act (S. No. 1) for the relief of George P.
Marsh.
The bill was read.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to say that this bill is
reported back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs with an amendment, and the question is
upon the amendment, and not upon the bill itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object.
JOHN P. BROWN.
A bill (H. R. No. 360) for the relief of John
P. Brown.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to John P. Brown, late princi-
pal interpreter of the Turkish language to the Uni-
ted States legation at Constantinople, for his ser-
vices as a charge d'affaires of the United States at
that court, from April 11, 1838, to July 19,1839;
from July 30, 1852, to July 5,1853; and from De-
cember 19, 1853, to January 31,1854; the sum of
$4,674 15, it being the difference between the sal-
ary of a charge d'affaires of the United States and
the amount received by him as principal inter-
preter during the several periods above named.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to offer an amendment
to that bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order if there
be no objection to the bill.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. CLAY. Cannot an amendment come in
before objection is made?
Mr. COX. I withdraw the objection to hear
the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I will state the amendment, and
also state why it becomes necessary for me, as
a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
after having reported this bill, to offer an amend-
ment before it comes to be actcd on. My amend-
ment is, to strike out, commencing in the eighth
line, the words " from the 11th day of April,
1838, to the 19th day of April, 1S39-," and to
strike out from the fourteenth line "$1,674 15,"
anil inseit in lieu thereof ct $9,544 48." And
now, if the committee will indulge me, as a mat-
ter of personal explanation, I wish to explain
why the amendment is offered. When this case
was first referred to me by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, I addressed? a note of inquiry to
the proper Department, to ascertain whether this
gentleman had rendered the service which he had
alleged he had rendered, and whether he had ever
received any compensation therefor. I was in-
formed by the Department that he had rendered
the service as alleged, and that he had never re-
ceived any compensation therefor. I thereupon
reported this bill. My attention was, however,
afterwards called to the fact that a law passed
some years ago had given to this gentleman com-
pensation for part of the time for which he claims
this extra compensation, and it therefore becomes
necessary that the amendment shall be made.
Mr. L1STCHER. I object to the bill, for I do
not think he is entitled to anything.
WILLIAM RICH.
A bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Wil-
liam Rich.
Mr. LKITER objected to the bill, but subse-
quently ottered to withdraw the objection, when
objection was made to going back.
MRS. MARY ANN HENRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry. [Objected to by Mr. Mor-
gan.]
HENRY MILLER.
A bill (T-I.R. No. 363) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Henry Millet. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
WARY A. M. JONES.
A bill (H. R. No. 42) granting a pension to
Mary A. M. Jones.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary A. M. Jones, widow of
Brevet Major General Roger Jones, deceased, late
Adjutant General of the Army, upon the roll of
pensioners, and pay her a pension at the rate of
one half the pay, monthly, to which her late bus- '
band was entitled at the time of his death; the |
pension to commence on the 35th of July, 1852, \
and continue during her natural life or widowhood.
It appears, from the repos t, that the petitioner is
the widow of the late Brevet Major General Roger
Jones, who entered the military service of his
country in 1809, and so continued to the day of
\ii4 death. July 15, 1859; that he served through-
out the war of 1812, and was distinguished in al-
most every action fought on the Canada frontier;
was wounded with a bayonet in one, and was
twice breveted for gallantry on the field of battle;
that he filled the important post of Adjutant Gen-
eral from 1825 to the day of Ins death—in the Ian-
guage of the Commander-in-Chief of the Army, i
" bringing to the discharge of its highly difficult j
and responsible duties an intelligence, honesty of ;
purpose,anduntiring devotion, which carried him
through every emergency with credit to himself
and advantage to the public service." That his
distinguished and valuable services during the
Mexican war won for him the brevet of major
general, it being the fifth brevet won by him tor
gallant and meritorious services. It is clearly
proved by his attending physician and other tes-
timony, that the close and continued confinement,
occasioned by the accumulation of business in the
Adjutant General's office during the Mexican war,
impaired his health,undermined his constitution,
and abridged his life; in fact, that the unintermit-
ting and arduous labors called for by the exigen-
cies of the public service—labors which he per-
sevenngly and often painfully discharged at times
when his enfeebled health demanded a relaxation
of his official duties—were eventually the cause
of his death. The petitioner was left, by the
untimely death of her husband, with a family of
eleven children, eight of whom are infants and
daughters, without adequate means for their edu-
cation and support, which has compelled her to
appeal to the equity and justice of Congress for
relief by way of pension.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. MORGAN. What is the amount of that
pension ? My attention was called off at the time
the bill was read.
The CHAIRMAN. One half the pay monthly
to which her husband was entitled at the time of
his death.
Mr. MORGAN. How much is that?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the bill, because
it gives a higher pension than is given to othera
of the same class.
Mr. FLORENCE. This is a widow with eleven
children, appealing to the country for relief.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection comes too
late. The gentleman did not rise until the bill
had been laid aside to be reported to the House.
MARIA B. DUSENBURY.
A bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary
B. Dusenbury. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of
Virginia.]
JEREMIAH WRIGHT.
A bill (H. R. No. 365) granting a pension to
Jeremiah Wright.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
bill.
Mr. KELSEY. Oh, I hope the objection will
be withdrawn. This is a poor old soldier, who
lost his leg in the last war; and if such bills are
to be objected to, we may as well rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The pension goes
back too far.
Mr. FLORENCE. If gentlemen object to the
provisions of the bill, why cannot they move to
amend them, and let us do something.
Mr. KELSEY. If we cannot do anything, let
us rise. I move that the .committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the next bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. RUSSELL. I hope the bill for the relief
of Jeremiah Wright will be amended so as to
make it acceptable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to its being amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has passed
from the consideration of the bill.
Mr. LEITER. I object to going back, unless
I can be permitted to go back and withdraw an
objection which I made.
JOHN DUNCAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 366) for the relief of John
Duncan.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the list of Navy pen-
sioners, at the rate sixteen dollars per month,
the name of John Duncan, who was a landsman
in the United States Navy on board the United
States ship-of-war Brandywine, and who has
become totally blind in consequence of disease
contracted and injuiies received by him while in
the line of his duty in the service of the United
States; the pension to commence on the 1st of
December, 1855, and continue during his natural
life; provided, that the pension shall not be paid
if John Duncan remains a beneficiary in the Uni-
ted States naval asylum.
