412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Gilman.
Ho. of Reps.
dicated, and innumerable trials inflicted upon that
people, whose oely crime is that they abhor sla-
very, and desire to adorn their Territory with the
artsof civilization, and the creations of free labor.
If Kansas is made a State by proclamation of
the President, what mode or manner will the peo-
ple adopt to relieve themselves of the incubus of
a Lecompton constitution ? Suppose the people
of that Territory should appeal to an American
Senate: what relief could they find there ? What
response has the Senate already made to their
appeals? The Senate has been, and will be,deaf
to their entreaties and indifferent to their wrongs.
The Supreme Court would not give to them an
impartial hearing, but would delight in the im-
position of new burdens. Even in this Assembly,
■which ought to be the guardian of national honor
and individual rights, the people of Kansas would
meet with a cool reception and tardy justice.
There is another feature of the conference bill
"which should not be overlooked:
u Sec. 3. JJnd be it farther enacted, That, in the election
hereby authonzed, all whito male inhabitants of said Tci-
ritoiy, over fho age of twenty-ono year*, who posscess the
qualifications which weie required by the Jaws of said Tei-
utory for a legal voter at the last funeral election (or the
members of the TVmtoriai Legislature, and none others,
sliail be allowed to vote."
Now, what was one of the qualifications which
* * all of the white male inhabitants" possessed
who voted for members of the Territorial Legisla-
ture in October, 1857? A residence of six months
in the Territory prior to the day of election. This
qualification, or act establishing such qualifica-
tion, was repealed by the Legislature elected in
October, 1857; and an act in its stead passed the
Legislature, and was approved by the Governor,
which only requires " three months' " residence
prior to the day of election. A majority of the
members of the board, by the conference bill, de-
termine the (.lay on winch the ordinance with " said
constitution "is it) be submitted to the people. If
a majority fix upon a day in J nly or August next,
the entire spiing emigration will be disqualified;
there will not be a lapse of time sufficient to enable
the new Republican recruits to vote. Even if a
day in September should be preferred by a ma-
jority of the board, but few of " the white male
inhabitants" who entered the Territory since the
1st of March could vote. But it was desirable to
render the conference bill as palatable as possible,
to keep from the eye as many obnoxious features
as possible; and tho bitter pill had to be sugared
over, that Jt might be swallowed without reluc-
tance, and with manifestations of delight. That
great relief was derived from the medicine, there
can be no doubt, from the buoyant condition of
the patients on that eventful morning when tho
experience of (he distinguished converts was re-
lated to the House. Hut it was exceedingly adroit !
to cover the qualification of time and residence
under the following verbiage:
" Who il)o qualifications whH) wore required by j
the laws of sauiTeirnoiy loi u legal voter at tho last geneial
election," &o.
This third section clearly indicates that the Ad-
ministration desire the number of voters to be as
small as possible; the more formidable the num-
bers the greater the opposition, and the more nu-
merous the difficulties and obstacles that would
be encountered. Besides, it is important to have
the real vote of the Territory as small as possible,
if fraudulent votes are to be used. A small vote
contrasted with a large population, considering
th%nature of the issue, fully illustrates the puie
and high-minded motives of that class of men who
cherish a devotion so ardent for " popular sov-
ereignty;" who entertain a regard so profound
for the popular will, that they could only permit
those to vote who " possess the qualifications
which were required by the laws of tho Territory ;
for a legal voter at the last general election for i
members of the Territorial Legislature." I will j
call the attention of my Democratic friends to the !
first resolution of the Cincinnati convention: j
Resolicd* That the Amencan Democracy place then* !
tru«t m the intelligence, tho patriotism, and the discriMinat- i
ing justice ot the American people." ;
I will simply suggest that neither the e* intelli- !
gent" nor " patriotic" people of this country, nor !
those who " discriminate justly," can compre-1
hend why a residence of six months is essential '
in order to vote for or against the land ordinance !
with "said constitution*" while the law of the
Territory only requires a residence of three
months, unless the object to be attained is to
deprive the "white male inhabitants" who en-
tered the Territory this spring of the right to vote.
The emigrants that entered the Territory this
spring with the purpose to settle in the Territory,
and who shall have resided three successive months
prior to the day of election, would certainly be
ardent and desirous and competent to indicate
their opinion at the ballot-box upon questions of
vital importance; and, among other questions,
"whether or not they will disgiace themselves
and their country and the cause of freedom by
giving their sanction to a land bribe, and an in-
famous swindle." It has been said in a certain
quarter, " if the Lecompton constitution is ac-
cepted by the people of Ivansas, that out of regard
to the people of a sovereign State, the sale of pub-
he lands might be postponed." There are vari-
ous rumors as to the postponement of the sale.
How the public domain is to be made subserv-
ient to realize the plan of the pro-slavery leaders,
time only can determine.
It is well known that many of the settlers on
the public lands are at present unable to pay for
their sections. It is for the President, and those
who are possessed of authority, to say when the
lands shall be sold. If the Executive should resort
to desperate measures, or present alluring propo-
sitions, then let us cherish the hopeand confidence
that the settlers, thesquatters, the " popular sov-
ereigns," will have the moral courage and the
power of endurance to meet the emergency in a
mode and manner becoming American freemen
who know their rights and how to maintain them.
They have suffered much; they have endured
much; and " there is a point beyond which pa-
tience ceases to be a virtue." Whatever may be
the decision of the people of Kansas, whether the
land bribe is accepted by fair means or by foul
means, whether it is reluctantly received or scorn-
fully impelled, the conference bill never will be,
and ncvercan be,approved by the American peo-
ple. It is an insult to tho free States; it is a dis-
grace to the slave States; it is neither a measure
of compromise nor of conciliation; it establishes '
no principle which can command the confidence I
and regard of the intelligent mind of the Republic. 1
You cannot call it a compromise, because it is a j
trick; you cannot call it a safe precedent for the |
future, for the day is not remote when it may be i
more popular to discriminate in favor of freedom |
rather than in favor of slavery. It is a fit illus- i
tration and exponent of that power which con-
trols the differentdepartments of the Government;
it is the creation of minds alike indifferent to the
lessons of history and the admonitions of expe-
rience; it is the production of men who deem it a
matter of small concern to trifle with the feelings,
to arouse the indignation of millions of freemen.
A boldness and audacity has been manifested by
those who introduced and secured the passage of !
the conference bill, which might well excite our j
admiration if the bill itself were only commensu-
rate with the magnitude of the question which it
is proposed to settle.
If leading men in the Republican party would
presentthesamebold and fearless frontinthesup- t
port of a good cause; the same determined and |
persistent will m the supportof self-evident truths ;
upon which the Government is founded, the day !
would not *be remote when the patronage and ]
power of the Government would pass into other !
hands, and upon others the administration of pub- j
lie affairs devolve. The consideration, however, }
which most deeply affects all men who wish well i
for their country; all men who would preserve the ;
Union of the States; who cherish the hope that j
the Government may yet be administered in the ;
spirit and sentiment of its founders, is this: that'
distinguished men, whose genius and power might
be so potent to promote the prosperity of the coun-
try, and the harmony of the States, seem to take
a pleasure and satisfaction in the suggestion and
adoption of those measures which tend the most
to awaken discordant and belligerent feelings, and
to excite sectional animosities; and the more art-
ful and cunning the device the more acceptable it
becomes as a measure of public policy. It used to
be thought that in the disposition of grave ques-
tions of national importance the highest and no-
blest faculties of the human mind only could be
brought into play. It has been lately discovered
that statesmanship does not consist in the appli-
cation of those virtues and those qualities which
indicate the higher nature of man.
The cause which has induced this decadence in
the character of public men, has given a cast and
direction to the policy of the Government during
the past half century. Every department of the
Government is and has been under its control.
Territorial expansion has given to it consideration
and power. African slavery is a condition of so-
ciety in fifteen States, affecting the social and po-
litical relations of the States. It is a condition of
society which has passed from generation to gen-
eration. It is the labor' of the South; it is the
wealth of the South. It has established a south-
ern character; it was formerly considered by the
founders of the Government as a condition of ne-
cessity, as an evil that had befallen the South. It
is now vindicated and defended as a right founded
on principles of justice, sanctioned by Holy Writ,
and essential to the welfare and prosperity of the
South. The severity with which the peculiar in-
stitution has been attacked, has called forth a cor-
responding emphasis in its defense. Southern
men, conscious that they must encounter the op-
position of the free States, and, in truth, the oppo-
sition of enlightened men throughout the civil-
ized world, have endeavored to render themselves
respectcd by the power that they can exert. A
common sense of what they deem a common dan-
ger has impelled them to concentrate their efforts
to preseive a supremacy in the administiation of
public affairs.
Freedom can thrive and flourish and advance
without the aid of Government. Science, art,
and religion, nourish and support it. It is the
natural condition of man. As you increase the
mastery of mind over matter; as you tamo and
subdue the great forces of nature and render them
subservient to the human will; as you give greater
expansion to the realm of thought, so you are
giving to the cause of freedom increasing momen-
tum. Freedom wants no compromises and no con-
ferences. It is slavery—that state of society which
involves the degradation of one class and tho su-
periority of another class—that invokes the coun-
tenance and support of the Government. And
the advocates and defenders of the peculiar insti-
tution will ever be ready to urge upon the floor of
the House and upon the public mind, measures
essential to shield and protect it. They will, m
time to come, give a tone and direction to the pro-
ceedings of Democratic conventions. The pro-
slavery leaders will not hesitate to violate the Con-
stitution of the Republic; nor will they be governed
by any precedents of the past. Between the slave
States and the free States there is a struggle for
power; and the pro-slavery party will become
more and more desperate as the confidence in their
strength diminishes. Doctrines will be advanced
on this floor in time to come, as they have been
in time past, that partake of the s'pint and senti-
ment of the dark and medieval ages. There will
be in time to come, as there has been in time past,
the conflict of mind with mind; the antagonism of
opinions and principles. Sti'l there is a future
for the cause of freedom. African slavery may
yet be citcumscribed by free institutions. The
Republican party in 1800 will be triumphant; the
policy of the Republican administration should
be to encourage the settlement of the western ter-
ritory. Let us have, as soon as we can have, a
preponderance of representation in the Senate and
the House, from free States.
It has been the fortune of the pro-slavery or
Democratic leaders to render the Territories and
new States subservient to their purposes. Let us
cherish the hope that the next Republican Admin-
istration will not only maintain a liberal territorial
policy, but will also encouiage and facilitate the
creation of new States. When southern men
and northern doughfaces become satisfied that sla-
very cannot be extended on this continent, then,
and not until then, can the development of the
material resources of the country receive that con-
sideration to which they are entitled. The atten-
tion of the American people cannot be diverted
from the issue presented by the pro-slavery party;
and not until that party is overwhelmed with
defeat will it avail anything to commend to an
