1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 2,
. I find in the report of the Secretaryof the Treas-
ury, on page 26, this language:
" In the settlement-of the accounts of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, a question arose as to the power of the two
Houses of Congress over their respective contingent funds.
Under resolutions passed by the House of Representatives,
the Cleric had paid ceitain sums to different employes of
the House for extra services rendered by them, and the
question was presented to me whether he could be allowed
credit for such payments in view of the provisions of the
act of March 3,1845, which was evidently intended to pre-
vent the application of the contingent fund of the two
Houses to such purposes. My opinion was, that the act of
March 3,1845, was still in force m tins respect, and I ac-
cordingly held that the credits could not be allowed. The
reasons for that opinion are so fully stated in my letter of
June 30,1857, to the First Auditor of the Treasury—a copy
of which accompanies this report, marked eleven—that it is
unnecessary again to discuss the question. In conformity
to the suggestions of that letter, and for the reasons therein
given, I recommend tile passage of a law for the relief of
the parties who have acted under the different consti uctiou
placed upon the law by this Department."
Now, I wish gentlemen of this House to ob-
serve that these accounts, distinctly specified by
the gentleman from Tennessee, are just as dis-
tinctly recommended to the favorable considera-
tion of this House by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as any other items contained in this deficiency
bill; and he recommends that they be paid on the
ground that the Clerk has paid certain of these
amounts; and yet in the discussion of this ques-
tion, constant assertions are made that no pay-
ments have been made whatever.
Mr. Chairman, the first account is an allowance
by the Committee of Accounts to the former Clerls
of this House. The second is an allowance to
Mr. Barclay, the Journal clerk, under a resolu-
tion adopted by the House. The third is an al-
lowance to Daniel Buck, founded upon a resolu-
tion of the House. The next is to W. P. Ingram,
for services as clerk to the Committee of Accounts
of theThirty-FourthCongress, $620. Thenextis
to John Bailey, for compensation for additional
services us clerk in the office of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Next to J. C. Walker, an allowance
by the resolution of the House. The next is an
allowance to P. B. Tompkins, under a resolution
of the House. Next an allowance to Thomas J.
Gait, by the Committee of Accounts.
Now, sir, we are told that the Committee of
Accounts has no authority to make any such al-
lowance. I take issue with the gentleman from
Tennessee as to their power. I contend, what-
ever the policy or expediency of any such step
may be, that they have the power, and that it is
given to them by the law of this House, to make
these allowances; and I wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man , that it is not an unusual thing at all to make
these allowances; and I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman having this bill in charge, to pre-
cedents in the past which prove that allowances,
identical with these, have been uniformly made;
and I wish to call the attention of the gentlemen
who opposed those accounts, and who are now
opposing this bill, to many precedents, in which
they have also concurred. I find an allowance
to A.J. Glossbrenner.of $500 extra, by the Com-
mittee of Accounts, when he was the disbursing
and ^>ay clerk under the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, for services precisely similar to
those for which Mr. Ingram was allowed extra
pay' by the late Committee of Accounts. This
was, I behove, for the Twenty-Ninth Congress.
I find an allowance by the same committee to
John Robb, resting on no other authority than the
allowance of that committee; and I believe that,
at that time, the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury was a member of the Committee of Accounts,
and was present and an acting member of that
committee when the allowance was made. Here
is another allowance in the Thirty-Second Con-
gress to P. Barry Hays, and a similar allowance
in the Thirty-Third Congress to William P. Mc-
Kean, disbursing clerk under Colonel Forney.
I wish to direct the attention of gentlemen to
the particular Congresses when these allowances
were made, and then let gentlemen answer me this
question: are these allowances, cited by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, so extraordinary in their
character as he would have us believe ?
Again, Mr. Chairman, in some remarks sub-
mitted by me on this question a few weeks ago,
I said that the last House of Representatives had
voted additional pay to persons where no question
had been made upon it at the Treasury Depart-
ment. The fact was admitted at the time. I al-
luded then, as I allude now, to the reporters for
the Globe, our official paper, to whom additional
pay was voted by this body, and paid. It was
extra pay, as these are extras, though afterward
included in an appropriation bill. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I believe that the Senate also voted addi-
tional compensation and pay to its employes; and
when this question came up for discussion, I had
the curiosity to address a note to the Secretary
of the Senate to know what had been the fate of
the allowances there, and I was informed by the
chief clerk in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, that no question had been made as to the
payment of additional pay to the employes, and
that no notice of a disallowance of such claims
had been received from the Treasury Department.
But now, Mr. Chairman, as to the power of
the Committee of Accounts to make these allow-
ances. I ask if it had not the power to do it ? In
your appropriation bills, and even in this defi-
ciency bill, you have a head of " contingencies"
for the House of Representatives. True, you
point out what some of these contingencies are—
so much for the binding department, so much for
furniture for the Hall, and so forth; and then you
have a miscellaneous itemforeach House. Your
bill is passed, and signed by the President; and
then here is a contingent fund placed absolutely
at the disposal of each House of Congress. Now,
I ask, how shall this contingent fund be distrib-
uted—under whose power and authority.5 The
fund is placed by law within your control, and I
ask where is the power for its disbursement, its
regulation, and its control? Let any man turn
to the 102d rule of the House, and he will find
that it is the duty of the Committee of Accounts
to superintend and control the expenditures of the
contingent fund of the House of Representatives.
And again, you will find by rule 152, that, in ref-
erence to articles furnished under this miscellane-
ous head, or under the other regular heads of ap-
propriation, the Clerk of the House disburses this
fund for this House, under the control and direc-
tion of the Committee of Accounts. Now, you
have appropriated the money by law; and you
placed it—where? In the hands of the Clerk of
the House and under the control of the Commit*
tee of Accounts.
I think I have shown that these allowances by
the committee were not a new idea. I think I
have shown that gentlemen who are opposing
them here have, in the past, been somewhat iden-
tified therewith. Let me ask them if they have
only just now discovered that the accounts are all
illegal and cannot bo allowed; and if so,whyhave
they slept so long over these abuses? Why did
they not find them out before?
Let me take another view of this question. I
said some time ago that I believed I had voted for
some of these extra twenty per cent, resolutions,
and against some. I have been investigating that
fact, and I do not know how the matter stands; for
I believe it has been almost impossible at any time
to get the yeas and nays on most of these proposi-
tions. Hut, sir, what is shown by this very fact
that there is no record by which the vote of mem-
bers can be traced on these questions? Is it not
the natural and almost irresistible conclusion that,
while men may have prejudices against these
propositions, when they are brought up they are
willing to sit here dumb and see them pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. NICHOLS. I will do the gentleman jus-
tice, for I think I anticipate his question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My question is
this: whether there is an occasion on record when
one of these resolutions passed the House which
was not resisted, and when the yeas and nays
were not called for ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I would have done the gen-
tleman justice without his question. I would
have said that, as for himself, I believe he has
always resisted them, and has always demanded
to have the vote upon them put on the record. I
believe that to have been the case in respect to
this twenty per cent, resolution. But how many
times have these propositions passed this body ?
In the Twenty-Ninth Congress extra compensa-
tion was provided for in the general appropriation
act which passed August 10, 1846. It was pro-
vided for in the second session of that Congress
in the appropriation act of 3d March, 1847. So
also in the Thirty-First, the Thirty-Second, and
the Thirty-Fourth Congresses. But now, Mr.
Chairman, the Secretary of the Treasury has dis-
covered an obstacle and barrier against the pay-
ment of the allowances made by the last House
of Representatives, in the law of 1845. That ia
the strong point made in the Secretary's argu-
ment against the allowance of these claims. He
says in reference to this, in one portion of this
document, that, if he could have been satisfied
that this question had undergone a full, complete,
and thorough investigation in his Department, he
would have been disposed to have deliberated
much longer on the conclusion at which he had
arrived. The Secretary of the Treasury could
not have been ignorant of the fact that that very
identical question made by him was made in the
Treasury Department before that. I hold in my
hand an argument of Mr. Whittlesey, the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, on that question.
We see by the report which he made to this
House, February 2,1857, and which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, that that
precise question was raised; and he says that the
law of 1845, a limitation in an appropriation bill,
must be, and so it was construed by him, to have
expired with the bill, because Congress and the
Department had never regarded it after the expi-
ration of the fiscal year.
But there are some other things which I wish
to bring to the attention of the House, for I think
we ought to have fair play about these matters.
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] especially to this case. I
understand his objection to the resolutions for the
benefit of Messrs. Barclay and Walker, to apply
to their uncertainty, to their not stating the ag-
fregate amounts to be given to these gentlemen.
understand that to be one of his objections, and
the other is that these officers had pay enough
before the resolutions were adopted. Now, I
will take the last objection first. If the House
had the power to vote these sums to these gen-
tlemen out of its contingent fund, then it is ret
adjudicata; for a former House has judged as to
the propriety of the amount they should receive,
and has voted it to them while they were its em-
ployes. If they had the power to do so, the ac-
tion of the members of that House was final.
I come now to the other objection. I wish to
give the gentleman a case that occurred here in
the last Congress, and I do not allude to it be-
cause in the particular case I believe or mean to
contend that any injustice was done; but I allude
to it for the purpose of showing the gentleman
that all of us sometimes commit these solecisms
in legislation which any one can object to and
cavil at who sees fit to do so. If gentlemen will
turn to the Congressional Globe, first session
Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 2153, they will find
in the proceedings of the Senate that this amend-
ment was offered to the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill:
<■ Mr. Brown. I have an amendment which does not
come from a committee, but as it concerns one of the em-
ployes of the two Houses of Congress, and relates to a sub-
ject of great importance, I suppose it is admissible.
" Jlndbeit further enacted, Tliat tlicre shall be paid to
John O. Rives by the Secretary of the Senate and Cleik of
the House of Representatives, out of the continent funds
of the two Houses, according to the number of copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix taken by each, one cent
for every five pages of the work whenever it shall exceed
three thousand pages for the long session or one thousand
five hundred pages foi a short one, including the indexes
and the laws of the United States, commencing with this
session."
That amendment was agreed to in the Senate.
The bill came back here at a very late hour;
all the amendments were disagreed to in gross,
without being read, and referred to a committee of
conference. Well, the amendment came back
into this House; it was referred to simply by its
number, and was agreed to. I never, saw it in the
original bill. I do not know how many members
of this House saw it or heard of it, until at the
next session the Committee of Ways and Means
recommended an appropriation to satisfy the de-
mand created under it. I will admit that that
provision was included in a bill, and that it did
not rest upon a simple resolution of the House.
I allude to it simply for the purpose of showing
the character of this kind of appropriation, and
of showing, also, that the provisions contained
in the resolutions for Barclay, and Walker, and
Buck, are not so extraordinary in their character
as might be supposed from the remarks of th 
