1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M51
gentleman from Tennessee. When this amend-
ment was introduced into the Senate, the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois thought that the
Senator from Mississippi had made a slight mis*
take, and meant to give five cents for each page,
instead of one cent for every five pages*, but the
Senator from Mississippi understood the effect of
his amendment. The amount of money which
has been paid under that amendment was at
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
for the House, $11,174 69, and for the Senate
#10,263 48; and for the third session, for the
House §1,488 87, and for the Senate $1,476 10,
making an aggregate of $24,394 97.
Mr. LETCHER. How comes it that there is
a difference in amount between the Senate and
the House?
Mr. NICHOLS. Perhaps it was caused by the
discrepancy in the number of copies taken by the
two Houses. But, Mr. Chairman, at the next
session of Congress, we were called upon to vote
money to pay that bill, and then the attention of
gentlemen was drawn to the amendment. I do
not say that the amount of money was errone-
ously granted, but I object to the principle of the
amendment. I readfromtheCongressionalGlobe,
page 800:
" The next amendment was read as follows:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay to John C. Rives the additional compensation for the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, provided for in the six-
teenth section of the act making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857, $11,174 69.
" Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. I believe, sir, the original
price of this work was three dollars for the Globe for the
long session, and three dollars for the Appendix, and a less
prjee for the short session. At the time that that price was
fixed, it was usual for the Congressional Globe to make, at
the long session, some three thousand pages; and at the
price then paid the cost was about one cent for five pages.
Of late years, more speeches have been made, the proceed-
ings have been augmented, fuller reports have been made,
and the volumes have been largely increased. The provis-
ion which the gentleman from Ohio has read—the sixteenth
section ofthat act—is to give the publisher of this work the
same proportional allowance for the excess of three thou-
sand pages for the long session, and of fifteen hundred pages
for the short session.
" I believe those are the facts of the case. A provision
for this allowance wa? made by Congress at the close of
last session, and I suppose there was no appropriation made
to pay what would become due under it at this session. It
irs to pay one ccnt for each five pages of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix execedingthree thousand pages at the
last session, and the same for each five pages this session,
ov-jr and above fifteen hundred pages.
"The question was then taken, and the amendment
agreed to."
It will be seen, sir, that the reason assigned by
the gentleman from Tennessee for this appropri-
ation would extend to the claims or accounts of
the gentlemen who have been designated in the
resolution of the House. If you look to the
Journal of the House, you will find that the du-
ties of the Journal clerk have been increasing,
and that the size of the volume is growing larger
year by year. The duties of those who fill these
positions in this House increase, and must in-
crease, wnh the legislation and the growth of the
country; and, sir, the argument of the gentleman
from Tennessee in support of this appropriation
is support sufficient for the money voted under
these resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that that provision, allow-
ing one cent for every five pages beyond fifteen
hundred for a short and three thousand for a long
session, went back and proposed this addition for
Congressional Globes and Appendixes delivered
and paid for, before it was passed into law?
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not mean to be under-
stood as saying any such thing.*
Mr. JONES, of iennessee. I can say that I
do not know of any such thing; and all I said in
what the gentleman quotes from my speech, was
in the way of explanation of an appropriation.
Mr. NICHOLS. I allude to this, Mr. Chair-
man, foi the purpose of elucidating a principle. I
have not said, nor do I intend to, in this discus-
sion, that there was anything wrong in the money
voted to the proprietor of the Globe, that he got
a cent more than he ought to; but I say that the
argument which bases a claim—ay, sir, a claim
for additional compensation in this case, may
* Erroneous. In fact, the effect of the amendment in-
dorsed by the gentJeni.ui fiom Tennessee was ietro-?pect-
ive; it earned the ineiea^cd pay bock to thp commencement
of the Congress. Being retio?pective,no diftercncein time
affects the principle.
well apply to that of any other employe who is
brought within the rule laid down, an increase of
service performed.
Mr. Chairman, let me direct the gentleman's
attention to another case which occurred in the
Thirty-Third Congress. I find that at the first
session of that Congress a Mr. Witte introduced
a resolution m these terms: that the Clerk of the
House be directed to pay Thomas J. Gait, super-
intendent of the folding-room, the same compen-
sation that is now paid to librarian of the
House; to commence on the 6rst day of July,
1853. On the same day I find that an additional
resolution was passed in favor of S. H. Lambofrn.
Both of them were retrospective in their opera-
tion. This was a matter of discussion by the gen-
tlemen of the last House of Representatives. The
gentleman from Tennessee participated in the
discussion, and so did the member from Georgia,
[Mr. Cobb,] who is now Secretary of the Treas-
ury. These resolutions were retrospective ii
their operation; and Mr. Cobb, in debate, justi-
fied some reaofutxon as standing upon the same
ground, and referring to these as precedents. The
gentleman from Tennessee said that these resolu-
tions did not provide for the usual extra compen-
sation, but made a permanent increase of salary
to these two superintendents, nor had either of
them received the twenty per cent, provided by
the joint resolution of July 30, 1854, and there-
fore did not conflict with its provisions. Now, the
fact is, that these parties did receive the twenty
per cent. Resolutions to increase their salaries,
retrospective in their action, were passed by the
House, and the gentleman from Tennessee, in
the discussion of this subject at the last session,
placed his justification of them upon the precise
ground that they made a permanent increase of
salary. Upon what other ground do the resolu-
tions for Mr. Barclay and Mr. Buck stand ? There
is precedent for them, at all events, and precedent
against the gentleman's position that payment
ought not to be made.
Mr. Chairman, I hold in my hand the Journal
of the last House. These resolutions were passed
by the House, and gentlemen who were then
present recollect that they were fairly introduced,
voted on, and passed. I am informed by parties
interested in these resolutions, that they have
been paid. If they have not even yet, I regard
that the action of the House establishes a claim
in their favor for the money which the previous
House adjudged then due. I trust that if we are
to get rid of a bad precedent, if we are to get rid
of a bad system, we will do it by some mode of
legislation which shall be understood in advance,
and that one rule will not be applied at one time
for a certain state of things, and another rule at
another time in the same state of things,* only
when political changes have taken place.
I hold in my hand several resolutions granting
this extra compensation to the employes of past
Congresses, and I will read them, with the names
of their authors.
"On motion of Mr. Cobb, [the present Secretary of the
Treasury,]
" Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be directed
to settle the accounts of the late acting pay cleric, .1. E. Mil-
lard, by allowing him compensation for so much time as he
was actually in the service of the House m that capacity."
—House Journal, second session Tacnty-Ninth, Congress, p.
518.
Under this resolution, back pay to the amount
of |990 was paid to Mr. Millard, that being the
difference between what he had received and what
he was allowed by the resolution. (SeeMis. Doc.
6, p. 77—1, 30.) This, it will be observed, was
at the very next Congress to that at which the act
of 1845 was passed.
Now, as the Secretary of the Treasury makes
his strongest point against the payment of these
claims under the law of 1845, and he, in his own
Department, has been the officer who has adjudi-
cated these cases, and referred them back to the
House for relief to the parties interested, I beg
leave to say that this resolution offered by him
was at the first session of Congress after the act
of 1845 was passed.
Again, here is another resolution:
"On motion of Mr. Jacob Thompson, [Secretary of the
Interior.]
"Resolved, That the Cleik of the House be directed to
pay out of the contingent fund of tin: Houtc, to James C.
Walker, the saim- compensation annually which i> paid to
the assistant clerks of the House of ftepresentativcs."—
House Journal, second sesston 2'kirty-Firsl Congress, p. '130.
That resolution, too, was "offered after the act'
of 1845 was passed.
The following resolution was adopted:
" On motion of Mr. Breckinriooe, [Vice President,J
"Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House, to the Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaster, such sum, in addition to their present salary, as
will make their compensations, respectively, equal to that
of the chief clerk under the Clerk of the House, which is
,800 per annum, commencing with the present Congress."
—House Journal, first session Thirty-Second Congress, p,
1141.
This is another retrospective resolution resting
upon the precise ground on which the claims sus-
pended at the Treasury Department rest.
Mr. Chairman, my only object in desiring to
say a word upon this section, was simply that, as
a former member of the Committee of Accounts,
I felt it incumbent on me to show first, that the
action complained of at the Treasury Department
was consistently followed under different politi-
cal organizations, under differently constituted
Houses from the last, consistently followed up to
the time when my action became connected with
this system.
1 now say that I believe another thing in refer-
ence to these accounts. I believe that when a law
places the contingent fund of the House under the
control of the officers of the House, or within the
disposal of each House rather, any order of this
House relative to that contingent fund, directing
its officers to do anything with reference to it,
makes it incumbent upon that officer to execute the
order, and he would be in contempt of the author-
ity of the House should he not do so. Now, what
has been done ? Some of these payments have
been undoubtedly made, and made by an officer
who was executing your order. He asks protec-
tion for his action in the execution of your orders;
and the Secretary of the Treasury recommends
that he shall have that protection—the sanction of
law for what has been done. That I believe to be
right and proper under the circumstances. I be-
lieve the allowances of this committee, under the
rule of the House, under the law of the House,
constitute just as valid a claim against this Gov-
ernment as any other which I have cited from the
past. And I claim for the acts of the last House
—and I claim it from just and fair men upon all
sides—that degree of favor and sanction which
has been extended to the action of past Houses,
and in reference to which no complaint has been
made. This is all I have to say upon this sub-
ject.
[Addenda: Manual, page 89: A resolution for
an allowance of money to the clerks being moved,
it was objected to as not in order, and so ruled by.
the Chair; but in an appeal to the Senate (i. e., a
call for their sense by the President, on account
of doubt on his mind, according to rule 16,) the
decision was overruled.—Sen. Journal, June 1,
1796. The compiler of the Manual says: " I pre-
sume the doubt was, whether an allowance of
money could be made otherwise than by bill." So
these practices are very ancient.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Forreasons which were sat-
isfactory to them, but which were inexplicable to
me, when I introduced a resolution the other day
to inquire of the Secretary of War in reference to
certain contracts, objections were made all around
upon the part of the friends of the Administration,
on the ground that it would prove prejudicial to
the public service to have such an inquiry made,
and to have it answered by an official statement.
And, sir, it struck me as something very pecu-
liar that a Democratic President had the power
of ordering the Army and Navy anywhere he
pleased, into Kansas or into Utah, and involve the
nation m expenses to the amount of millions upon
millions, and yet objection is made to an inquiry
to know what is done with this money. I have
witnessed, with a sense of humiliation and shame,
the disposition upon the part of many, not only
to defer with proper respect, but with apparent
abject servitude, to an intimation of the Executive
will, as though thi3 House were acting the part
of Cajsar's or Napoleon's Senate, to register the
decrees of a dictator.
I wish to call the attention of the House and
of the country to the fact that the expenses of
our Government in its War and Navy Depart-
ments are increasing with a rapidity that to me
is appalling. Our expenses have, within a few
years, gone up in magnitude from J>9,000,000 to
P9,000,000. Our expenses in 1850 and 1851
