1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
REGISTER OF A VESSEL.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back a bill No.
14) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register or enrollment to the vessel called
theJamesMcIndoe,novvowned by Thomas Coats-
worth, James G. Coats worth, and William Coats-
worth, of Buffalo, New York, and moved that it
be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is just the
game case that we had yesterday. There is no
evidence to justify this lull.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The facts are very
simple.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must objcct to
such legislation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think, with all
due respect to the gentleman from Virginia, that
this is entirely proper legislation. The facts are
simple, and are contained in a nutshell. This
vessel was sold during the last spring under mis-
take. By mistaken representations, a citizen of
the United States purchased a Canadian vessel of
about one hundred tons burden—scow-built—and
paid $180 duty, supposing he would be then al-
lowed American papers. Such representations
were made by an official of the Government. This
officer, on discovering his mistake, disclosed it to
the purchaser, and the money paid for duty was
restored; and now the owners come here to ask
that papers may be given.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House will
readdy perceive that this special legislation is in
derogation of the settled policy of the Govern-
ment, in refusing papers to ships or vessels of
foreign manufacture.
One of the objects of this general legislation is
to encourage our own manufactures and our own
ship-builders; and I advert to this simply for the
purpose of showing that this special legislation,
to be secured by the passage of the bill without
the usual forms and ceremonics, is full of evil.
There may be none in this case, but that is my
judgment. I am disposed to gratify the gentleman
in this particular case; but the thing is all wrong.
"We might as well adhere to the general law on the
subject, pursue the general policy of the Govern-
ment, and let the bill undergo the usual inquiries,
under the usual precautions which are interposed
for the proper legislation of the House. I think
the bill is wrong; but as gentlemen wish it, I will
withdraw my objection in this case. It will be the
last ease where 1 shall withdraw my objection.
Mr. LETCHER. If I recollect rightly, we
passed a geneial law at the last session, giving
the Secretary of the Tieasury authority to issue
tliacp rp«tj<<t
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That was in re-
spect to the names of vessels;and so much injury
has grown out of it that the Senate has already
passed a repealing bill, which now lies upon the
Speaker's table, for the action of this House.
This, however, is in respect to granting Amer-
ican papers to a vessel purchased by an American
citizen under mistake. It is within the principle
of rectifying by legislation an innocent mistake
which is beyond the reach of the law. That is
simply the reason why I ask that the bill may be
passed; we of the committee being entirely sat-
isfied of the rectitude of the intent of the purchaser,
and of the propriety of administering this relief.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe
that this bill is propeily before us. The gentle-
man from Virginia erroneously supposes that a
single objection would be fatal to its consider-
ation. The bill was introduced by the gentle-
man from the Buffalo district of New York, [Mr.
Hatch,] received its first and second reading,
and was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
from which it was reported back by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. John Cochrane,]
chairman of that committee. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time.
The bill having been engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time and passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to rcconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SELMA.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back Senate bill No. 27,
to detach Selma, in the State of Alabama, from
the collection district of New Orleans, and mak-
ing it a port of delivery within the collection dis-
trict of Mobile.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the neces-
sity for that bill? I should like to have some inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Selma was by mis-
take attached to the collection district of New
Orleans. It should belong to the collection dis-
trict of Mobile. The Secretary of the Treasury
sent the draft of the bill to the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate, staung that it was to
correct a clerical error.
The bill was ordered to be read the third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CURRY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISSUING REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take from
the Speaker's table,.and put on its passage, Sen-
ate bill No. 32, repealing an act of the last ses-
sion, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
change the names of vessels in certain cases. I
will state that, under that act the names of ninety-
two vessels have been changed, and thirty-five of
them have foundered at sea. I ask, therefore, un-
der the circumstances, the unanimous consent of
the House to pass the bill at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. After the morning hour has
been consumed in the call of committees for re-
ports, it will then be in older for the gentleman
to move to go to the business upon the Speaker's
table, and the bill may then come up regularly.
For this reason, I object to his motion.
LEWIS FEUCHTWAJNZER.
On motion of Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the further consuleiation of the petition of Lewis
Fetichtwanzer, to supply the Government with his compo-
sition in place of the new cent, and that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
HENRY LEEF AND JOHN M'KEE.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, repoi ted a bill to indemnify Henry Leef
and John McKee for the illegal seizure of a cer-
tain bark; which was read a first and second
time, leferred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to limit the liability of ship-owners
and for other purposes," approved March 13,
1851.
Mr. WADE said: Congress, by an act passed
on the 13th of March, 1851, limited the liabilities
of the owners of vessels navigating the ocean.
The policy of that act was the encouragement of
ship-building, and consequently of the commerce
carried on upon the high seas. The same reasons
which actuated Congress in the passage of that
act, applies with equal force to vessels navigating
the northwestern lakes. In 1856 the merchant ton-
nage of the lakes constituted one fifteenth of the
entire merchant tonnage of the United States; and
while the annual increase of the entire tonnage of
the United States was, in 1856, but eight and a
fractionpercent.; yet, the increase of the lake ton-
nage, at the same time, was at the rate of eighteen
and a fraction per cent. Sir, the tonnage capacity
of the shipping of the lakes ranges from fifty to
three hundred and fifty, and even as high as five
hundred and one thousand tons. As early as 1848,
a vessel, built at Cleveland, was laden for San i
Francisco, passed through the Welland canal, j
doubled Cape Horn, and arrived safely at San |
Francisco. So, Mr Speaker, the extent of the j
coast-line of the northwestern lakes is neatly as •
great in extent &s the Atlantic coast-line of the j
United States. Many vessels are now being built j
on the lakes designed for ocean navigation; and,
indeed, every reason which actuated Congress to 1
j encourage ocean navigation and commerce, applies
] with equal force to the lakes. The act of 1851
. has so fax'worked well upon the ocean, if its being
| in force more than six years without complaint,
j is an evidence of the beneficent working of an act
I of Congress. Many of the liabilities of the ship-
owners, by the common law, are very onerous
and well calculated to divert capital into other
channels, less beneficial to the general prosperity
of the country. Congress designed to remedy this
defect of the common law; every principle of
justice and equity requires that the same rules
should apply to the extensive navigation and com-
merce of the northwestern lakes. I call the pre-
vious question
Mr. HOUSTON called for the reading of the
bill.
The .bill was read in extenso.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to move
to leferthe bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the call for
the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to include Lake Champlain.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection, and I will
include that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman can-
not do that.
Mr. WADE. I accept the amendment, and
insist upon the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the power of the
gentleman to modify the bill, inasmuch as it is a
report from a committee.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I hope the House will
vote down the previous question, and we can
amend it.
Mr. HATCH. If the gentleman will withdraw
the demand for the previous question, 1 desire to
make a few remarks.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw it.
Mr. HATCH. I only desire to say that this
bill is one in which all the people engaged in the
commerce of the northwestern lafces are deeply
interested. The commerce coming to the western
lakes is equal to four or five hundred thousand
tons. If this matter is of any value to those en-
gaged in foreign commerce, there is no rc-ason or
sense why itshould not be extended to the inland
commerce of the country. The inland commerce
of the northwestern lakes is almost equal to all the
foreign exports and imports of this country. I
desne to say that my constituents, among others
who are deeply engaged in the northwestern trade
upon those lakes, are anxious for the passage of
this bill, and i hope the House will pass it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know but
I would cheerfully support this bill if I understood
it; but 1 have always been taught to believe that
general questions should go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. We are
told by the gentleman from New York, and by
the gentleman from Ohio, that this bill is to oper-
ate upon one half of the commerce of this Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One fifteenth.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. More than one fif-
teenth, I believe; but be that as it may, it is to
operate upon a large portion of the commerce of
the Union, and it proposes to make fundamental
changcs in the existing liabilities of ship-owners.
Now, sir, ought such a bill as that to pass into
a law, so far as this House is concerned, without
full and proper examination? I ask this House,
who is there upon this floor, outside of the im-
mediate interests to be affected by it, that under-
stands this subject. We generally refer bills of
this character to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, because they affect a large
portion of the Union; and I move, therefore, m
order to terminate this discussion, that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and upon that motion I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will do so if the
gentleman will renew it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I withdraw
the demand for the previous question
Mr. MORRILL* I desire to appeal to the
House, tiiat whatever shape this bill may take,
Lake Champlain shall be included. It is noto-
rious that a very large proportion of the com-
