414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
The Triumphs of the Administration—Mr. Furviance.
rib. of Reps.
■with the soldiers. The gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Curry,] in his remarks the other day, left
us to infer that the soldiers of the war of 1812 had
a rather comfortable time of it than otherwise.
He says:
"It was a regular war between two independent nations,
conducted, for the most part, according to the recognized
rules of modern warfare. The soldier, when discliaiged
from scrvice, or before,received his paym good money, and
one hundred and sixty acres of land besides."
My friend certainly takes a very easy view of
the subject, though I am afraid it will not be uni-
versally considered a very just one. To talk of
eight dollars a month as " pay," in the sense of
adequate compensation—" a fair day's wages for
a fair day's work"—to the man who labors in "the
trade of war," as a simple business transaction,
is, I suspect, a waste of words. And us to the
lands, locatcd at that early day in Illinois and
Arkansas, it is a matter of history that in num-
berless eases they did not yield the soldier as much
as Esau got for his birthright. But, sir, I have
never looked upon the condition of the soldiers of
1812 as quite as enviable as it appears to the eye
of the gentleman from Alabama. I have, unfor-
tunately, perhaps, seen top much of those old
men to indulge in such views of their military life.
Like the gentleman fioni Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
1 was "inarms " in that war, and from my youth
up I have seen a good dual of the soldiers who
were engaged in it. My father was one of them.
Even now, as in my earlier years, I delight to
meet, as I often do, with one of those aged men,
and listen to Ins " oft-told tale," and see him
" YVeep o'er Jus wound*, or, talcs of sormvvs done,
Shoulder Ins crutch and show how field-, were won;"'
sighing, as h(rconcludes, "but tilings were not
then like they fire now."
Time would fu.il me to recount the tenth of the
personal narratives that come thronging upon my
memory in this conncction, each, in itself, a little
history, homely in its details;, butrefuting the idea
of much comfort, least of all luxury. Two or tluee
instances 1 will refer to, even at the risk of bring
tedious, and violating the proprieties of the place
and the time. Said one, " after we had marched
through the Indian country for four days without
food, and were almost famished, one of our de-
tachment killed a rattlesnake. We stewed it up
in a camp-kettle, and then divided out the meat
and the broth." Another said that, on a march,
they found a cow lying sick, or, in local phrase,
"on the lift." They killed her, and appeased
their hunger upon the diseased carcase. Another
said that lie and his companions killed and sub-
sisted. as they best could upon crows and other
unclean birds. And another,*that, one day, oneof
his company shot an Indian brave, and they pre-
pared hus body for food. One mouthful sufficed
him; for, hungry as he was, he sickened at the
thought ol'fcedmg on human llewh. Eight dollars
a month even in "good money," and one hun-
dred'and sixty acrey of Illinois or Arkansas lands,
wa« small compensation for privations like these.
"\et these wore of the men who fought at the
Horseshoe, Emuckfau, and Talladega; who sus-
tained these privations in the very region now
represented with such signal ability by thegentle-
nnm from Alabama; the bones of whose compan-
ions in arms, perchance, may even now fertilize
his own plantation. Would it be strange if they
should complain that he hag turned against them
his high mental endowments5
From the many letters that, during this session,
I Have received m reference to this subject, [ beg
permission, in thus connection, to read an extract
from a single one, written by a constituent, a gen-
tleman who was himself in the service, and upon
whose statements we may place implicitreliancc:
<v I s-erve<l some twenty month*, or mow, a*- an officer in
thy thirty ninth raiment, commanded i>v Colonel John
Williams. There weie two <U'tnetuueuN J eft, Knoxville.in
the fall of 1814, two companies oi the Thirty-ninth and Ihrec
of the twcnty-Jouith reynnent, nndei the command of Majoi
Francis W. Annstrong. OJ the officei*. helnnwmg to the de-
tachment, numbering about tlmty, only tluee siuvive. Of
Those belonging to the two companies of the thniy-mnfh,
I on the nnhj ruor. I do not think that moic than one
tenth mrwvu of those who entered the service. I have
been convert-nig with several who were in the service, ami
thc> aieui tin opinion that not njoic than about one tenth uio
alive. The private-. being more exposed th.m the othoeiN,
iewer private -m vfve ; and my opinion i<s, that u would be
light to place them on the same footing with tho.se who !
'-ftved :n the tcvoluimnarv wa> The war of 1^12. with I
Gitat Bruaiii. was called the second war ol independence, j
and I know that great suffering was endured in the Creek
nation, where Iserved; and many of the survivors, the largest
portion, are very poor, and need this boon to render their
declining years comfortable."
After all, the great argument urged against this
bill is the money argument. This is not the first
time in the history of this Government that this
argument has been brought to bear-upon the pen-
sioner. During the Presidency of Mr. Van Bu-
ren, when his exhausted exchequer suggested the
propriety of economy, it occurred to him, in con-
nection with his celebrated appeal " to the sober
second thought" of the people, to recommend a
curtailment of the list of pensioners, and the ex-
tinguishment of a portion of the lights upon our
coasts. How this recommendation was met is
yet in the recollection of most of us, and might
serve as a profitable lesson to those who, with
an annual disbursement of $65,000,000, would
commence the great work of "economy, retrench-
ment, and reform," at the expense of the old sol-
dier,taking no heed lest the events of 1340 should
repeat themselves in 18G0. If the statement of my
colleague [Mr. Savage] be correct, as to the en-
tire amount paid to the soldiers in the war of 1812,
and also the statement of my correspondent, as to
the proportion of those now surviving, then the
figures given us by the gentleman from Alabama,
must be entirely too large. But large as they are,
the country can now better afford to meet them,
than in 1818 it could raise the comparatively small
sum then accorded to the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion.
I shall make no invidious allusions to other ex-
penditures of the Government to show where the
knife of retrenchment might be more properly ap-
plied. We have only to look around us to see
reflected from every side the absurdity, not to say
the rank injustice, of deferring the well-founded
hopes of the old soldier,and thus making his aged
heart sick because u will take a portion, and per-
haps a huge portion, of the moneys which have
of late years been ho lavishly expended, I will
not undertake to inform the committee how. And
1 admonish gentlemen to pause before they go to
the country, cither individually or as exponents
of the doctrines of their party, with any such ex-
cuse. Let the sum be what it may, we begin
with the maximum. The number of recipients
will every year be diminished. They are now old
men; most of them have passed the limit of three-
score years and ten. Their lamps are fast burn-
ing out. What we do, to be of any avail, we
must do speedily.
1 am in favor of amending the present bill, and
respectfully submit my amendment to the consid-
eration of the committee. Should they, however,
not see proper to adopt it, I shall not make that
a pretext to oppose the bill in its present 'shape.
Such a course would be as unwise and as \in-
statesmanlike as to predicate objections against
the whole system upon some trifling imperfections
in the present bill. Not what 1 would, but what
I can.
1 have no wish, at this late period of the ses-
sion, to protract debate, still less to introduce
topics not strictly germane to the matter in hand.
A single thought more, and I shall have done. It
refers to the wisdom, the profound policy, of the
pension system, in a civil no less than in a mili-
tary point of view. Every pensioner, with his
childien and children's childten, becomes, in the
very nature of things, a steadfast fuend of the
Government. The justice and gratitude of their
country, for honorable service m her cause, en-
dear them to her in all time to come; and since
each succeeding year adds so largely to our pop-
ulation, persons who have little knowledge, less
sympathy, and no interest, regarding the early
struggles and perils of our fathers, it is eminently
unwise for the Government to neglect and turn
coldly away from them whom the memtiry of the
past, no less than the hopes for the future, would
incline to its support; that, too, at a time when
sectional strife and madness are so rampant, when
the North has so many friends, when the South
has so many friends, and the Union has so few.
APPENDIX.
The following table will show how the amounts
paid for pensions at different periods compare with
the general expenses of the Government. At no
period since 1820 has so little been paid annually
for pensions as now; while the general expendi-
tures are nearly five times what they then were:
Expenditures of the Government during the years 1790,1800,
1810, 1820, 1830, 1840, 1850, and'1857.
Revolutionary Total expendi-
Years. and other pen- tures,-inclusive
sions. of public debt.
1790 $175,813 88 $1,919,589 52
1800  64,130 73 7,411,369 97
1810  83,7-14 16 5,311,082 28
18-20   3,208,376 31 13,134,530 57
1830 1,303,297 31 13,229,533 33
1840 0,603,663 17 24.139.920 11
1850 1,866,886 03 37il65,989 09
1857 1,309,115 81 05,032,559 76
THE TRIUMPHS OP THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. PURVIANCE,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25, 1850.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PURVIANCE said:
Mr. Chairman: In the discussion of the ap-
propriation bill, my colleague fiom the Berks dis-
trict [Mr$J. Glancy Jones] made an allusion to
the President's dinners,which was as unwarranted
as it was ungentlcmanly and indiscreet. If James
Buchanan, either through parsimony or partisan
feeling, chooses to depart from the established
custom, and set at defiance the courtcsies and
amenities which have hitherto, from Washington
down to Pierce, inclusive, been observed by the
occupants of the White House, my colleague
should be the last man to proclaim the President's
shame. My colleague may feast and fatten at the
President's crib until the cravings of a voracious
appetite have been appeased and quieted, but he
jmust not, when gorged with presidential viands,
assail the motives of members acting under the
obligations of an oath, merely because they may
desire a reduction of the expenses of this Admin-
istration, now becoming so enormous as to beget
a very general want of confidence in the adminis-
trative talents of those who have it under their
control. But it is not my purpose to deal with
presidential dinners, but to notice more in cxtenso
a most unfortunate flourish made by my colleague
in connection with the allusion to which I have
referred.
He expressed the belief that we were chagrined
at the triumphs of this Administration, and it
is to this that I desire to turn the attention of the
House and the country. The triumphs of this
Administration ! Was my colleague in earnest,
or was he disposed to join in ridiculing the super-
lative foily and imbecility of his own and favorite
Administration ?
The first great triumph of Mr. Buchanan has
been over a gold and silver currency, which he
professed to favor, but which he has completely
broken down, and inaugurated in its place a pa-
per currency, in the shape of Treasury notes, to
the aqnount of $20,000,000, now floating t hrough
the country, bought and sold as any other mar-
ketable commodity, and subject to fluctuation,
and subject also to all the objections to which pa-
per currency is generally liable. This, then, is
the first great triumph of the Administration.
Now for the second. With a Delegate sittmg^in
the House from Utah, with whom we have not
even heard that the President ever had a confer-
ence, a war is undertaken against the Mormons,
at an expense of millions; contracts given out to
political favorites, to buy up broken-down horses
and mules; provisions at most exorbitant prices,
out of which magnificent fortunes have been made
in a few weeks; the Army increased, and a parti-
san President enabled thereby to distribute more
effectually the spoils of office; and in the midstof
all this, and before a blow had been struck, com-
missioners of peace are sent, who, if report be
true, have settled this mighty affair without the
interposition of an armed force. What a farce,
to thus disgrace ourselves in the eyes of the civ-
ilized world, by exhibiting to public gaze the vi-
brations and vacillations of an Executive whose
mind to-day is for war, to-morrow for peace, and
