1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Otero.
Ho. or Reps.
the next day for both. Thus has ended this sec-
ond triumph of the Administration, costing the
people many millions of dollars, now conceded to
have been uselessly thrown away.
The third great triumph of the Administration
deserves more than a passing notice. The public
is familiar with the fact that a constitution was
framed at Lecompton in open defiance of the will
of the people of Kansas. This constitution the
President submitted to Congress, accompanied
by a most extraordinary message, urging the ad-
mission by reasons and arguments unworthy the
source from whence they came, and exhibiting a
partisan character, which were subsequently at-
tempted to be enforced by the use and abuse of
the patronage intrusted to him as the executive
officer of the Government, which deserved*as it
has received, the execrations of honest men of all
parties, resulting in a total disruption of the Dem-
ocratic party, which must inevitably bring into
the Thirty-Sixth Congress a majority opposed to
the repetition of outrages which the worst of mon-
arclis would scarcely dare to perpetrate with im-
punity. Upon Congress, and Congress alone, the
power is conferred to admit new States. The
President has no right to interfere; and sworn as
he is to support the Constitution, which instru-
ment gives to Congress alone the power of admis-
sion, the President violates his oath of office when
he dares to invade our exclusive right in*this par-
ticular. For such invasion, followed by the use
and abuse of patronage, a President ought to be
impeached; and nothing, in such a case, but the
tyranny of party could save him.
A President of my own choice wlio would dare
to press the admission of a State by the control-
ling power of his patronage, so far as I am con-
cerned, should be treated in this way as readily
as one of opposite political faith; and an exper-
iment of the kind would be most likely to prevent
a recurrence of the evil in the future.
Unjustifiable as it was for the President to in-
terfere, aside from this, his reasons are as spe-
cious and futile as might have been expected from
one who has attained no distinction since his ele-
vation to the Presidency, than that of a violent
partisan and bitter politician. One of his reasons
was, that the people of Kansas had had a fair
chance to vote upon their constitution, and that,
therefore, they should not be permitted to vote
again. Now, how- was this ? The vote was "For
the constitution with slavery," " For the con-
stitution without slavery." All who voted were
compelled to vote for the constitution—were com-
pelled to vote that John Calhoun should be the
regent, and have a controlling power over the
returns of elections, so as to declare who were
and who were not elected to fill the offices; but,
worse than all, those who voted were compelled
to vote m favor of the continuance of slavery with-
in the Territory till 1864, and for a schedule and
saving clause which prevented any interference
with slavery as it then existed. The unfairness
of this mode of submission is the more apparent
when you suppose a constitution filled with ob-
jectionable features, all of which the voter would
be compelled to swallow if he voted at all. A
constitution containing a clause declaring that
the Legislature should never incorporate a bank,
a manufacturing company, or create a system of
common schools, or internal improvements; with
a clause of submission, such as that of Lecomp-
ton, on slavery, would necessarily drive from the
polls every voter who desired to consider these
as favorite topics of legislation. If he voted for
the constitution without slavery, he was, in or-
der to be entitled to this privilege, compelled to
vote against schools, banks, manufacturing com-
panies, and internal improvements.
But I can suppose a case m which I can readily
invoke the opposition of our bachelor President
himself.
A constitution with a clause conferring upon
the Legislature the power to tax the income of a
bachelor, to the extent of one fifth, more or less,
with a clause of submission like that of the Le-
compton constitution, would greatly puzzle our
President to appreciate its fairness. If he voted
either for or against slavery, he would still be
compelled toivote the power to tax unjustly his
estate. Before he would submit to this, 1 will
tell you what he would do. He would gather up
his traps, and take them to some other locality
where he would find greater equality in the prin-
ciples of taxation. What is right for the Presiden t
ought to be right for the people of Kansas, and
yet the President was bent upon establishing a
different rule for this unfortunate people from that
which he would be willing to apply to himself.
Another illustration which shows the unfair
character of the submission. Supposing the vot-
ters of Kansas to consist of fifteen thousand, one
third of whom are in favor of the constitution,
and two thirds against it. One third vote—two
thousand six hundred—for the constitution with
slavery, and two thousand four hundred for the
constitution without slavery; what is the re-
sult? Slavery is fixed upon the people by two
thousand six hundred votes, while there are
twelve thousand four hundred against it; and yet
this is the popular sovereignty which constitutes,
in the opinion of my colleague, one of the tri-
umphs of the Administration.
This infamous burlesque upon popular rights,
sustained and urged by the President, was pressed
for five long months upon Congress, and tri-
umphed. How? In breaking it down, by a vote
of one hundred and twenty against it, to one hun-
dred and twelve for it.
The Administration then presented another and
still greater monstrosity in what is known as the
English dodge, intended for different interpreta-
tions—one for the jSTorth and the other for the
South. In the North, it is intended to say that
the constitution is submitted; whilst in the South,
the reverse is to be the case.
What is this singular production, this political
nondescript, about which even those who gave it
paternity materially differ? It is a bribe and a
threat to the people of Kansas—and is this: if you
come in as a slave State now, you shall do so
without objection to your population, and you
shall have salt springs, lands for schools and in-
ternal improvement purposes; but, if you refuse
to take slavery, you shall not be admitted as a
free State until you have more than double your
present population.
Thus, the Democratic party has inaugurated
the new doctrine that the admission of a slave
State is to receive double the favor that is to be
extended to a free State. Heretofore, that party
claimed that it was not sectional; but how does it
now stand before the American people? It stands
upon the record the avowed friend of slavery,
having enacted a law which gives a premium to
slavery and inflicts a punishment upon freedom.
The passage of this most iniquitous law was her-
alded at this metropolis as a triumph! Cannons
were fired, drums and fifes were called into requi-
sition, the President serenaded and called out to
respond to a icjoicing over the passage of a law
which, like the assassin, took Kansas by the
throat, demanding her consent, and threatening,
if she refused, to punish her for her obstinacy, by
keeping her out of the Union until she should
have at least double her present population.
The Crittenden amendment gave the people of
Kansas a right to vote for or against the Lecomp-
ton constitution; and in the event of voting it
down, then to elect delegates to a convention to
frame a constitution to be voted on by the people.
This reasonable proposition was voted down by
the Democratic party, the pledged friends of pop-
ular sovereignty, and voted for by those who are
opposed to the Administration; and now my col-
league adds this to the list of tiiumphs of the
Administration.
Although our Treasury is bankrupt, and re-
! peated efforts have been made to restore the tariff—
! one by myself, another by my colleague from the
i Westmoreland district, [Mr. Comjdb,] and an-
other by my colleague from the Philadclphiadis-
trict, [Mr. Morris ]—all have been trampled upon
by the Democratic party, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means himself among
the number, and the million or more of miners
and laborers in Pennsylvania, dependent upon the
reinstatement of the tariff, left in hopeless despair;
I' and my colleague, after feasting at a presidential
'' dinner, is found in his seat—not to inaugurate a
!j tariff policy to relievo his poor dependent eonstit-
'! uents, but to exult over the triumphs, as he calls
!i them, of this heartless and reckless Administra-
i tion.
PACIFIC RAILKOAD,
SPEECH OF HON. M. A, OTERO,
of new mexico,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Bnion—
Mr. OTERO said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to call the attention of
the committee, for a brief space of time, to some
remarks which I propose to submit upon the sub-
ject of the Pacific railroad. In entering upon the
discussion of this topic, important and compre-
hensive as it is, I need hardly say that I will en-
deavor to divest myself of any personal feeling,
interest, or prejudice, such as I might be supposed
naturally to have in the matter; for no other ques-
tion involves, equally with this, the hopes and cal-
culations and future welfare of the Territory I
have the honor to represent.
I design, sir, to bring forward only those rea-
sons in behalf of thegreatenterprise contemplated,
and in support of the particular line of construc-
tion of an iron road to the Pacific coast, which,
in my humble judgment, I think ought to control
the action of Congress, and govern national opin-
ions, in prosecuting so vast a work to final achieve-
ment.
I will say, sir, for I intend to speak frankly,
that, apart from a consideration of this subject in
its bearings on the general prosperity of our com-
mon country, I am more especially interested in
those immediate benefits and advantages that in
the completion of this great proposed highway
are to accrue to my own people and theTerritoiy
of New Mexico.
My constituents, sir, send me here to represent
their direct interests; and these will ever be my
first thought; their good my highest object. To
raise the condition of New Mexico to that which
you, representing old and prosperous communi-
ties, enjoy; to secure them commercial advantages
and facilities for trade; and to place its inhabit-
ants, in these respects, on an equal footing with
those of any of the States and Territories of our
broad Confederacy; is my most ambitious aim,
as I hope always to prove it my constant care.
I felicitate myself, sir, that the discussion of
this subject of a Pacific railroad gives mean op-
portunity to say something with regard to the re-
sources of the Territory of New Mexico; and
though in a measure a diversion from the main
point m course of debate, I will respectfully ask
the attention of the House to such facts as I pro-
pose to state. I desire, sir, briefly to consider in
this connection the isolated condition and im-
mense material wealth ofNew Mexico, atpresent
comparatively abandoned and uncared for. Gen-
tlemen may then know and properly appreciate
the importance of constructing a national road
through that Territory.
And now, sir, what of the resources of New
Mexico? In the acquisition of that Territory was
acquired an area of two hundred and fifty thousand
squaie miles, a large amount of which is of the
finest agricultural soil; large mineral districts have
been already discovered and known to contain
much of the preciousmetals;greatdepositsofiron,
lead, and copper ore are found, and an incalcula-
ble abundance of coal; with a population of more
than sixty thousand. Your scientific surveyors
in that country, since its acquisition by this Gov-
ernment, as shown by their reports, estimate the
amount of goods, wares, and merchandise, taken
into that country from the States, at five or six
million dollars, leaving in your Treasury at least
one and a half million dollars of annual revenue.
A million ofstock sheep, producing, at a minimum
calculation, three million pounds of wool, were
herded and owned in the Territory when you
first became its possessors; and they should have
been, and with proper governmental protection
would have been, rapidly increasing and swelling
in numbers and value. And a due proportion of
all other kinds of animal stock were raised in and
distributed thiough the country.
In point of mineral wealth, New Mcxico, in
my opinion, is inferior to no State or Territory in
the Union. The first conquerors and explorers
