1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
86*
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bills and reports ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
William Smith, deceased, late of Louisiana-^
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
or assignees of James Lawrence;
A bill Tor the relief of the heirs or legal repre-
sentatives of Pierre Broussard, defeased;
A bill for the relief of N. C. Weems, of Louis-
iana; and
A bill to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief of the heirs, or their legal representatives,
of William Conway, deceased."
FRANCIS WLODECICT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
back a bill for the relief of Francis Wlodecki;
which wns road a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
REGIS LOISEL.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, repotted a bill for the lelief of Re-
gis Loiscl,or his legal representatives; which was
read a first and second time, and the bill and re-
port ordered to be printed.
SUTLERS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a btli for the relief of the
sutlers of the United States Army; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back a resolution (S. No. 4) to
extend the operation of the act approved January
16,1857, entitled " An act to am^iul an act entitled
* An act to promote the efficiency ofthe Navy.} "
Mr. BOCOCK said: Tins is the bill that I asked
the unanimous consent of the House to have passed
on Friday last. I then made a brief explanation
of it, which I suppose is in the memory of most
of the members of the House. Lest, however,
it should not be, 1 beg leave now to recapitulate
briefly what I said upon that occasion.
On the 17th of January, 1857, a joint resolu-
tion was passed, and was signed by the President,
the purport of which was to authorize any officer
of the Navy, who felr himself Aggrieved by the
action of the naval board previously assembled
under a former act, to come forwaid within one
year and ask to have his case examined by a
court required to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Navy. Such court was directed to report
to the President of the United States; and the ic-
port being approved by the Piusideiit, he was
authorized, within a year, to nominate any offi-
cer dropped by the action of the former board to
be reinstated m the Navy; or if he believed the
former board had done injustice to any officer, and
this court of inquiry recommended a change in
the position of such officer upon the reserved list,
the President was authorized to moke the change
recommended by the court of inquiry.
But the reinstatement provided for in that act of
17th January, 1807, could be made only within
one year. That year expired on the 17th of Jan-
uary of the present year—that is, on last Friday.
At that time I asked to have this resolution passed,
to extend the time to the 16th of April next. The
reason why the passage of this resolutions neces-
sary is this: When these courts of inquiry made
their reports to the President of the United States,
and the President reported to the Senate, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs in the Senate, I am led to
believe—indeed I feel confident that such is the fact
—entered in to a particular investigation of the find-
ing of the courts of inquiry in each separate case,
for the purpose of making intelligent recommend-
ations to the Senate m relation to the confirmation
of the nominations made by the President. The
committee had not been able, during the present
session, to examine ail the recommendations of
the courts of inquirv, and desired time to make a
thorough and sifting examination ofthe action of
the courts in each case.
I did not know, when 1 made mv statement here
a few days since, of another act done by the Sen-
ate. 1 find that since that very report of the com-
mittee, in order to have time, and fearing that this
resolution might not pass the House, the Senate
confirmed, in a batch, all the recommendations
made to them, based on the action of the courts,
by the President of the United States.
But, sir, those confirmations are not final. In
regard to every case, except some two or three,
a motion to reconsider was instantly made; and
that motion to reconsider is still pending. Now,
these gentlemen composing the courts desire that
this resolution shall be passed because it will give
the confirmation of the Congress of the United
States to their acts after a deliberate examination
of their reports.
But, sir, there are one or two other points of
view in which it is necessary to pass the resolu-
tion, especially with an amendment which I in-
tend to read in a few moments. I understand that
in regard to some of the cases acted on by the
courts, the President of the United States had not
made his recommendation to the Senate; and,
under the resolution of January 17,1857, lib can-
not now make any recommendation on those cases
for the action of the Senate. If there be such
cases, and I believe there are, it is proper that this
resolution should pass in order to allow the Pres-
ident to make the nominations upon the recom-
mendations of those courts of inquiry.
In order to meet those cases, l am directed by |
theConimittee on Naval Affairs to offer an amend- j
ment; and I now ask the Speaker to be so kind '
as to have the joint resolution read, so that I may j
explain what that amendment is. j
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as follows. |
Resolved, That thai pmtion of the act entitled u An j
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to promote the Ptlietoncy t
of the Navy,' " limiting the lesioiatnni <>( officers in ceitain '
c.u-es, be oueiuled to tho iGth riuyof Apni, PiociJH,
That the time within which examination-, hj comi,, o! m- i
quiry may be made a* piesenbed by the lir «t section oi said i
act shall not bu eAlended.
Mr. BOCOCK. It will be seun, Mr. Speaker, |
that not only is the time within which officers ;
can ask to have their cases reexamined limited, but '
the time within which the courts shall act is also \
limited. j
Well, sir, the Secretary of the Navy, in order ]
to dispatch matters, has had three courts in ses-
sion, acting as diligently as he could bring them
to act. Ail the officers who intended to do so,
had doubtless filed petitions to have their cases
reexamined, and yet there are one or two cases on
which the action of the court had not been had."
In one case, sir, which comes within my knowl-
edge, the officer had filed his petition to have his
case reexamined; tho court had been impanneled,
and was actually in process of examining his ease j \
at the time of the expiration of the law. The ['
Speaker and the House will see at once that that \
case had not been completed, it bemgnndcrexam-1
ination by the court of inquiry at the time of the j
expiration of the law; and yet, unless this joint j
icsolution is passed, with the amendment which I |
aminsducted to offer, that case will fall: the court
cannot legally complete its examination. The
proviso limits the time in which the examinations
shall be made. I propose to amend it by adding
to it the following:
F-xeept as lo nnv ease pending and undetermined before
any court of inquny unuci the actoi 17 th June, at tiie
expnation tiiejeof.
Mr. EDIE. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BOCOCK. With pleasure.
Mr. EDIE. I understand the object of the
amendment to bo merely to extend the time, so as
to enable the courts to finish up cases which have
been already commenced?
Mr. BOCOCK. That is all, sir.
Mr. EOJE. Then I am satisfied that it is right, i
and ought to be adopted, i
Mr. BOCOCK. It applies only to a case which j
was in process of examination by a court of in- i
quiry at the cxpiiation of the law. It does not j
allow any officer to come forward now, who did j
not choose to do so in the course of the year, and I
file his complaint and have his case examined. It '
does not allow the Secretary of the Navy to im- j
pannel any new court whatsoever. It merely au- j
thorizes a court of inquiry, which v/as in session, ;
and in process of examining a case at the time of |
the expiration of the law, to complete the exam- :
ination; and it authorizes the President and the;
Senate to act upon such action of a court of in- i
quiry.
Mr. CURTIS.
I desire to ask the gentleman
one question for information. I wish to know if
all the officers of the Navy, who were affected by
the operation of the first board, have had an op-
portunity of appearing and demanding a reexam-
ination of their cases in the one year, which was
the limit of the law ?
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 presume that every officer
who was affected by the action of the first board
has had an opportunity to complain. All, cer-
tainly, who were within the limits of the United
States have had that opportunity. I presume that
the purport of the joint resolution of the 17th of
January, 1857, has gone wherever we have a sail
afloat. I presume that every officer of the Navy
who was in any way affected by the action of the
former court has had knowledge of that joint res-
olution, and has had an opportunity to make his
complaint known, and to have a court impanneled
to examine his case. Why not? If any officer
was affected by the action of the former court, he
was not in the service of the country; he was here
within the limits of the country, or, at least, he
had an opportunity to be so; he was not absent
by the orders of the Navy Department. This law,
like any other law, must have been known by-
such officer ofthe Navy. He was allowed a year
to make his complaint in, and if he did not make
it within that year, it was his fault, and not the
fault of the law. 1 hope the gentleman from Iowa
is answered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will my colleague
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BOCOCK. With pleasure. I desire to
give gentlemen all the information in my power,
as I intend to try and have the joint resolution
passed to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question I de-
sire to propound to my colleague is this: is it true
that the couits did not pretend to examine the
records in cases, but required the judge advocate
to make out a synopsis of the cases?
Mr. BOCOCK. I renlly do not know about
that, and I do not think that it is at all relevant to
this joint resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. 3 interposed no objection to the
joint resolution. 1 only wished to know if all
tne officers had had an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not object to the gentle-
man's question. On the contrary, as I intend to
call the previous question, I shall be glad, if the
House will allow me, to hear any questions from
gentlemen m any part of the House, and to give
such answers as I may be.able to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say to my
colleague, as to the pertinency of my question,
that it might very well bear upon the cases un-
adjusted and unacted on and be a very good rea-
son why the resolution should be amended. I
maintain that if the courts have acted m any case
upon a synopsis and not on the record of the.case,
those affected by the decision have been grossly
wronged
Mr. BOCOCK. I know nothing about that,
Mr. Speaker. If any officer has been wronged m
such a manner, that officer has an opportunity to
make his individual complaint to the Congress of
the United States, and ) for one would be ready
to inquire into it. But, sir, I know nothing about
that: this resolution has no reference to any such
state of facts. It merely extends the time within
which the courts, (within certain limits,) the Pres-
ident, and the Senate shall carry out m good faith
the act of 17th Jonnary, J857.
Air. EUSTIS I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, whether the object of Jus
amendment is to extend the time so as to admit of
an examination ofthe cases of all officers who have
lodged their complaints during the year, or whether
the extension of time is confined to those cases in
which tho examination had been commenced, but
bad been interrupted by the expnation of the law ?
In other words, I desire to know whether the
amendment introduced by the gentleman from
Virginia extends to the cases of all officers who
may have lodged their complaints during the
year, and who mayinot have had pn opportunity
of prosecuting their claims from want of time, or
whether it is simply intended to apply to those
cases only that were in actual prosecution and
pending before the courts at the time the, law
ceased to operate ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman,
what I have already staled, that a proviso was
added to the original resolution refusing to the
