1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
If I am correctly informed, as I believe I am, that
these contractors are to have ninety-eight cents
a bushel for corn delivered at St. Louis or Leav-
enworth, they make a clear fifty cents on every
bushel, and that, on fifty thousand bushels, is
$25,000. Horses—small horses, fifteen hands
high—are to be delivered for $159 50 apiece. The
contract for horses, 1 am told, has been made
with a stage proprietor, and a very fine opportu-
nity it will be to take all the spavined and ring-
boned horses from the line and get $159 50 apiece
for them; when good, sound horses of that size,
at present prices, would not cost more than half,
or three fourths of that sum. I do not know ho w
many horses there are to be. Some say fifteen
hundred and some fifteen thousand.
Mr. FAULKNER. I know the gentleman does
not wish to misrepresent this matter, and I will
state to him, upon information of a reliable char-
acter, that there was a proposition made to deliver
corn at Port Leavenworth at ninety cents a bushel,
which was rejected; and that whatever corn has
been purchased at St. Louis, has notcostthe Gov-
ernment more than from fifty-one to fifty-five
cents. IfdeJiverableatFort Leavenworth,itmight
cost seventy or eighty cents a bushel. The gen-
tleman will bear this in mind, that the corn wanted
for the Utah expedition is the corn of 1856. They
have to make that distinction in the corn to be
transported such an immense distance, because
the corn of 1856 is sound, and the corn of 1857
has been affected by the frost. And the price of
the corn of 1856 may be somewhat higher than
that of the corn of 1857. But in every instance
they have purchased it for the lowest price for
which it could be obtained in the market.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Whether that has been re-
jected or not I do not know. I think the gentle-
man is mistaken. I understand from General
Jesup that this contract for horses has been com-
pleted. I know that it is written back that these
parties have obtained this contract, and that the
next best thing you can do is to get them out of
it. The supposition about a bad bargain, and
all that sort of thing, is understood. They get
nearly double what they ought in the first place,
they then say that they are ruined, and ask for a
deficiency bill to make up their losses. The gen-
tleman does not deny, as I understand, that this
is the contract for horses: $159 each for horses
fifteen hands high, a class of horses which can
be bought for seventy-five or a hundred dollars.
How many are there? Whether fifteen hundred
or fifteen thousand I cannot say.
Mr. Chairman, the beef is in proportion, at a
price of six and a half and eleven and a half cents
in gross, which amounts to thirteen and twenty-
three cents in the quarter.
In regard to the transportation item, I will not
detain the committee long. I wish only to get
out the facts. The contractors get so much for
transporting beef, flour, &c., to be delivered in
Utah. The contract is, as I understand it, that
if, in doing so, a descent is made upon the trains
by the Indians or Mormons, and the teams, &c.,
are destroyed, then the Government insures that
the loss will be made good, as if the army stores
had been transported to their destination. Sup-
pose they agreed to pay ten or twenty dollars for
the transportation of a barrel of flour from St.
Louis to Utah, and that, one hundred miles out-
side of the former place, the Indians came down
upon them, and destroyed the teamsand flour, then
the contractors would get compensation for their
teams, &c., and also pay for transportation as if
it had been carried through. How much it would
take to get up a band of Indians to do that I do
not know—perhaps not half the profits of the con-
tractors. This is an imputation on the contract-
ors. I do not know anything about them, but I
do not suppose that they are without some human
nature. 1 know that if they get a contract under
this Administration, it is presumptive evidence
against them. I know that this is a loose way in
which to make a contract—to agree absolutely to
pay for carrying a barrel of flour to Utah when it is
not carried there; and, besides that, to insure pay-
ment for wagons, horses, &c., which may be de-
stroyed by the Indians or Mormons on the route.
This, I ara told, is the condition of these con-
tracts, and I wish this to go to the country as a
part of the history of this Administration.
By the way, Mr. Chairman, it occurs to me that,
when history comes to trace the record of this Ad-
ministration and of the Utah war, it will be put
down as the war of the plunderers and contract-
ors, instead of the Utah war. I have yet to learn
the point of collision between the Mormons and
the United States. As I understand it, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [M*r. Jones] is correct.
Say to the Mormons, do so and so; pass a law
that they shall not practice polygamy; but do
not enforce a thing which has not been enacted
into law. This same Brigham Young has been
the Governor of Utah during two or three Ad-
ministrations, and it is not fair to butcher the
masses of the people there, because they are po-
lygamists, when you have winked at it so long.
Pass a law; tell them what you wish; do this dis-
tinctly; and, if they refuse to obey, then if you
want men and money to enforce the law, I will
vote for them. But I will not vote money into
the hands of these contractors and jobbers, who,
perhaps, send us these horrid accounts of the
Mormons, that the war may go on and they se-
cure more fat jobs; for fat jobs may be let out
when votes are valuable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise for the pur-
pose of propounding an interrogatory. I want
to know whether the gentleman has any evidence
on which to predicate the statement he has made
against the War Department? Are there such
cases as he describes ? If there are, I should like
to know them. If he has specific information on
the subject, I should be glad to hear it. I am
willing to vote to put down any atrocities that
may exist. I would be glad to know whether
the gentleman has accurate information for these
grave accusations against the Government. I do
not think that a member will make grave charges
against officers of the Government, unless there
is some foundation for them. Is there any found-
ation for these charges, or are they only the re-
hash of some newspaper editorials ? If imposi-
tions on the Government can be shown, then I
will be as ready as anybody to oppose them. Is
it belief with the gentleman, or is it founded on
fact ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. It may be that I have ob-
tained it in conversation, and that I do not feel
at liberty to make it public. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the gentle-
man's permission, I will put a question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have but little more to say.
If there are any incorrect charges, let the official
statement from the War Department come to the
House, and show their incorrectness. I confess
that I am not familiar with these things. The
usual way I understand is, to make the contracts
through the quartermaster; and that now, for
what reason I cannot say, they are made without
advertisements for proposals, made by the Sec-
retary of War, and not by the quartermaster.
Perhaps, because there is too much of the old
Roman about him.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois to declare that contracts have been
made, and not let, after public advertisement, to
the lowest bidder. I have nothing now to say
about the contracts for corn and horses, for upon
them I am not advised; but if the gentleman in-
cludes in that description of contracts made be-
tween the Government and individuals, the con-
tract for the transportation of supplies from Fort
Leavenworth to Utah, I will inform him that the
quartermaster did invite proposals for that ser-
vice , to be made to the quartermaster at Fort Leav-
enworth in the month of September last, and the
only bids submitted were by the gentlemen who
now have the contract; and furthermore, with
reference to those gentlemen, I remark that they
were the contractors—two, if not all of them—
for the transportation of supplies for the Army
during a portion of Mr. Fillmore's ad ministration,
and Mr. Pierce's administration, and to every
administration and to every Secretary of War
we have had, and to the Quartermaster General
also; they have given universal satisfaction, and
no more faithful and honest contractors can be
found.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois, for the purpose of
relieving the distinguished head of the quarter-
master's department, I desire to say a word in ex-
planation. I have not turned my attention to the
general merits of this case, but I knowsomething
in regard to the mode of supplying horses for the
service. I believe there is no general public con-
tract for furnishing horses. I inquired into that
matter, and was informed that for some years past
it has been the practice of the Government, so far
as the quartermaster's department is concern<2tt
under its present head, to assign to competent
cavalry officers the duty of going to points where
they can best accomplish that object and purchase
such horses as the service requires, and that that
particular supply for the Army is not obtained by-
contract given to the lowest or any other bidder.
And I am informed that the supply of horses is
thus more cheaply obtained, and a better article
is purchased, than by any system of contract that
has ever been devised.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that is the course which has been pur-
sued in this instance?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the mode pur-
sued, I understand, to supply the present demand
for that description of supplies.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How, then, is the price fixed
at $159 50?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Because that is found
to be the average price the Government has been
compelled to give.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That was the usual mode
pursued by the quartermaster, but I tell gentle-
men this matter has been taken out of the hands
of the quartermaster, and that he has nothing to
do with it. It was done upon the ground that there
was no present cash to pay with. When there is
money, the quartermaster takes the money and
proceeds in the mode indicated by the gentleman
from Kentucky; but when there is no money, the
Secretary of War makes the contract, and gets the*
supply by bids. That is the way this thing has
been done, and the gentleman will find it to be so.
They have been contracted for at $159 50 a head
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he obtained his information
from General Jesup.'
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood him to say so.
I do not know that I can add anything more to
the remarks I have made. I had thought of say-
ing something about voting deficiencies, and of
voting future deficiencies in advance—which is
but a mode of inviting deficiencies—but I believe
that has been discussed upon the other side of the
House, and I will leave it where it is. I wished
these facts to go to the country, as I understand
them to be facts.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the gentleman who represents the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on this bill, to one
item in it, in reference to transportation.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I desire to know of the
committee whether this debate cannot be extended
until'",to-morrow evening? It is a matter of in-
terest and importance, and ought to be discussed.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has not
control of that matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. By general consent, it could
be extended until to-morrow evening.
Mr. STANTON. I agree with the gentleman,
but I do not see the occasion of raising the ques-
tion at this moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman and to the committee, that, in his
opinion, the committee could not extend the de-
bate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Except by general consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Not even by general con-
sent.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman who represents the Ways and
Means, to one item in the bill. It is such an un-
heard-of deficiency in an appropriation bill that
I think it demands careful scrutiny and investi-
gation. It is contained in the following clause of
the bill:
" For transportation of the Army, including the baggage
of the troops when moving either by land or water; of
clothing, camp, and garrison equipage, from the depot at
Philadelphia to the several posts and Army depots; horse
equipments awl of subsistence from the places of purchase
and from the places of deliverj' under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may req uire it to
he sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms from
the foundenes and armones, to the an>enals, fortifications,
frontier posts, and Army depots ; freights, whariage, tons,
and ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules,
and oxen, and tie purchase and repair of wagons, carts,
