868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
courts any further time whatsoever to make any
examination. I supposed that to be wrong, and
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House
supposed it to be wrong, inasmuch as there was
one ease before the court and unfinished at the
time of the expiration of the act. My amendment
would enable the court to continue and complete
that examination, and would enable the President
to act on its decision. It goes no further. Iam
not aware—and I dare say that such is not the
fact—that any other officer who filed his com-
plaint within the year has not had his case ex-
amined.
Mr. EUSTIS. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia to have offered an amendment which
applies to an individual case. The gentleman
states that he does not know that there is or that
there is notany officer who has not had an oppor-
tunity of preferring his complaint I wish to vote
on the subject understandingly. The Navy of the
United States has already suffered too much from
being interfered with by the legislation of Con-
gress. I want to vote here on principle. If there
be any officer who has not had an opportunity,
from want of time or otherwise, of presenting his
case to one of these courts, I wan t that opportunity
extended; and not to one man, or not in one par-
ticular instance—as the gentleman from Virginia
has frankly confessed he had in view—but to
every officer of the Navy. I considerall entitled
to the protection of the courts; and I shall vote
against this amendment unless it be so amended
as to include all the cases which, from want of time
or other good cause, have not had an opportunity
of prosecuting their complaints.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to say, in reply to
the remarks of my friend from Louisiana, that it
seems to me he falls into a very common error.
He says he will vote against my amendment un-
less it goes a great deal further. That is, he will
not take that which he admits is good in itself,
unless it gives him all the good he desires. Now,
going on the supposition that the idea of the gen-
tleman is correct, and that the position winch he
takes is a correct position, I ask why should ho
refuse to get what he can, when he cannot got oil
that he wants?
By the act of 17th January, 1857, one year was
allowed to every officer of the Navy who might
feel himself aggrieved, to make complaint. Now
I cannot conceive any reason why, if a man in-
tended to make complaint, he should not do so
within the year; and iask my friend from Louis-
iana to give me even a supposed cnso,in which n
man could have felt himself aggrieved, and yet
not had an opportunity of making a complaint in
the course of the year? And now, sir, for an
imaginary grievance, or rather a grievance which
can hardly be imagined, the gentleman opposes
the amendment which I offer. The gentleman
may say: " Is it certain that no officer did com-
plain within the course of the year, and did not
have his case examined ?" I say, as I said before,
that I have not heard of any such case, and do
not believe there is any such case in existence.
I believe that the Secretary of the Navy impan-
neled a court on each case of complaint made in
the course of the year. That is my answer to
the gentleman from Louisiana. If any gentleman
were able to rise here and to say that he knew of
a case in which the officer made complaint within
the twelvemonths, and in which the Secretary of
the Navy refused to impannel a court, it would be
a different thing.
My friend from Louisiana has chosen to say,
in the course of his remarks, that the Navy has
been greatly interfered with by the action of the
Congress of the United States already. I know,
Mr. Speaker, that there are too many in Congress
apt to think that the Navy has been interfered
with, while they ought to think of the rights and
the interests of the country that are being interfered
with. I think that the Navy is for the good of
the country, and that the regulations of the Navy
are riot merely for the good of the officers. Talk
about the Navy being mteiforcd with ! How in-
terfered with r By the action of the retiring board r
If that be so, Mr. Speaker, I can only say that
the officers brought it about by their own action.
Tne retiring board was organized at their own re-
quest^ Go back for two years, and look at the
condition of the Navy, and you will find coming
up from one end of it to the other, wherever the
officers were, whether in the country or out of the
country, from any and from every squadron, the
cry to the Congress of the United States to do
something for the Navy, to relieve it from the
imbecility and the rottenness that then existed.
Every one, sir, would tell you at that time, that
although he was not the man aimed at, although
he held himself to be a good and competent officer,
yet there were a great many of them who ought
to be put out of the way, so that he might have
a chance for promotion.
The Congress of the United States yielded to
the complaint. It organized a board. Of the con-
struction of that board 1 shall not undertake to
speak here to-day. Indeed,I think that the whole
discussion in regard to this matter is out of place.
That board, however, I would say, was composed
of the loftiest men in the American Navy. If
such men as constituted that board cannot be re-
lied upon to do justice to their brother officers, I
ask you where is there, in all this sea of corruption,
one sound spot in the Navy on which to commence
the process of reform? If Shubrick and Perry,
and all these men, are not sound; if they are all
corrupt men, I ask you where is there, in the
American Navy, one sound spot on which you
can commence the process of reform? Perhaps
some officers were inconsideratelyand impropeily
affected by the action of the board; and perhaps
some may have suffered injustice. That maybe
so. But many did not. And let me call the atten-
tion of the House, Mr. Speaker, to the fact that
out of two hundred and one men affected by the
action of the naval boatd, a very large number
never did complain, but acquiesced in the judg-
ment and finding of the board.
Mr. EUSTIS. I want to make a few remarks.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not want to yield to the
gentleman to make a speech.
Mr. EUSTIS. The gentleman has made a
speech.
Mr. BOCOCK. It was for that purpose that I
took the floor, and I have not got through with it.
My friend from Louisiana said that he did not
wish an amendment to the bill looking to a partic-
ular case. If it be a particular case, it is only be-
cause there is but one case coming in a particular
category. The amendment I propose authorizes
any court which was m the process of examining
a case at the expiration of the act, to complete it.
If there was only one case in that condition it is
not the fault of the principle, nor any fault of
mine. My amendment relates to a class of cases,
and does not by name specify any particular case,
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, with the per-
mission of my colleague,! simply desire to make
a statement of one or two facts in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Louisiana. Al-
though, sir, 1 have the same object in view which
the gentleman from Louisiana seems to have, yet
1 fear that the amend ment itself may be prejudiced
by the remarks of that gentleman. The gentle-
man says that he desires to provide for all of the
unfinished cases, and not one only. I tell the gen-
tleman that that is exactly my desire; and it is
with that view that I took the liberty, a day or
two ago, to bring to the notice of the Naval Com-
mittee the very amendment which is now pend-
ing.
I have made inquiry, however, Mr. Speaker,
and I learn that there is but one solitary case j
which has not been acted on and comple'ted by ;
the courts of inquiry. And the reason why that I
case has not been completed is this: the party \
before the court was Commander Armstrong, a i
friend and constituent of mine; his application j
was filed, and the investigation of the case com-
menced at a period sufficiently early to enable the [
court to complete the investigation; but, in the i
progress of the investigation, a member of the court ;
became ill,and he was afterwards detached from j
the court, and some delay occurred in the appoint- I
mcnt of a successor. Tins is the reason why the
only case unfinished by the courts of inquiry was
not completed. Now, the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will perceive that I have had exactly the
same object he has had, and that the amendment
provides for every case, and not for a solitary
case. If there be more than one, it will provide
for all
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will ask him a question. Does this amend-
ment provide for all the cases which were not in-
vestigated r or does it only provide for those which
were not investigated, and which were pending
before the three naval courts of inquiry at the
expiration of the law? If the latter, then only
three cases are provided for.
Mr. MILLSON. I have already stated to the
gentleman that I have been informed that all the
cases have been completed but this one.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will state a further fact, to
meet the objection of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, and to show that he is only complaining of
an imaginary ill. There were three courts of
inquiry impanneled; but because there was no
further business for one of them to acton, that is,
because every case which had been brought to the
attention of the Secretary of the Navy had been
committed to these courts, one of them was dis-
banded weeks ago. Now, sir, if there had been
one case of an officer who complained and had not
had his case acted on, the Secretary of the Navy
would not have disbanded that court. It was dis-
banded because there was no further business for
it, and no further application to bo considered by
it.
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will permit me,
I will state that, if the evils I complain of are im-
aginary, it is entirely owing to the want of expla-
nation on the part of the gentleman when I ad-
dressed him a question. I did not come here
prepared to discuss this question. I had no idea
that it was coming up to-day. I asked the gen-
tleman distinctly, after consultation with ugentle-
man now in my eye, and my question is on record,
whether his amendment did not exclude all cases
but those before the court at the expiration of the
law ? I asked whether there were any more cases ?
I am sure that I do not know whether there are
any other cases; and it was with a view to pre-
vent any legislation which might afterwards re-
quire correction, that I asked the question. I rose
for information. I addressed myself to what I
believed to be the proper source of information—
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
who was before the House presenting an amend-
ment to a Senate resolution for their adoption;
therefore, if I have fallen into any error, or if I
have complained of any imaginary evil, I am cer-
tainly not to blame. If this discussion has been
an idle one; if we have consumed the time of the
House to no purpose, I have only to say that, if
my question had been answered in the first place
in a satisfactory and full manner, the House
would have been spared this idle discussion, of
which the gentleman from Virginia complains.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have not complained of any-
thing. What I stated was only byway of argu-
ment, in order to show the gentleman that there
was no such case as he imagined. I had not in-
quired of the Navy Department specially whether
there was any such case. 1 presumed that there
was none; and the fact which I have just alluded
to, and which has come to my mind since my first
answer to the gentleman, £oes far to prove that
there is no such case. The fact to which I refer
is, that although there wore three courts of in-
quiry, one of them was disbanded weeks ago, be-
cause there was nothing for it to do.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. As the gentleman
from Virginia says that he will call the previous
question, I appeal to him for two or three minutes
of his time, merely to make a statement as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The object of the
resolution is simply to give to the President of the
United States three months' time to examine the
action of these naval courts. It does not provide
for anything but that. It enables the President to
examine with care the proceedings of these naval
courts. Their reports were sent in at so late a
day that it was impossible for him to consider
them all within the time fixed by the law. There-
fore it is indispensably necessary that further time
should be given to the President to examine them.
It is simply a question of time.
A word as to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia. There may be, as we
have been told, one, or two, or three eases which
had not been disposed of at the expiration of the
time fixed in the law. These cases ought to be
completed. The gentlemen who present their
complaints ought to have an opportunity to have
them heard and investigated. There are only one
or two more cases, and the amendment extends
the time for the examination of those cases. Then
the duties of the courts ought to be at an end. I
