416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Otero.
Ho. of Reps.
of Mexico, the Spaniards, were early attracted to
this region, not only because of its excellent cli-
mate, unequal for invariableness and salubrity,
and its fertile soil, but mainly on account of its
reputed and subsequently discovered mineral
wealth. After their successful establishment in
the country, New Mexico was among the first
provinces subdued, and permanently settled by
them; and on account of the resemblance it bore
to Mexico proper, in the particular character of
its native inhabitants, and more especially in its
unmistakable indications of mineral wealth, it was
called NewMcxico.
Sir, I desire to speak, not only from my own
personal knowledge of this Territory, but also to
refer to such authoritative documents as I think
you will willingly accept as evidence of the truth
and correctness of what I affirm. Dr. A. Wis-
lisenus, in an interesting memoir of a tour in
northern Mexico, in 1846-7, which was published
by the order of the Senate, speaking of the early
history of New Mexico, says:
" The Spaniards, it seems, received the first information
about u in 1581, from a paity of adventurers under Captain
Francisco de Le) ta Iiomllo, who, finding die aboriginal in-
habitants, and the mmeial wraith of the eountiy, to he
similar to those of Mexico, called it New Mexico."
From the great lack of true and proper inform-
ation about New Mexico, the consequence of an
indifference heretofore felt in relation to it, and
with a motive to awaken a lively and popular in-
terest in a region so attractive—and one which I
believe to see speedily opened up to an enterpris-
ing and industrious immigration—I trust, sir, 1
may be pardoned in venturing to give a brief sketch
of that Territory. It is now two hundred and
seventy-seven years since the Spaniards first re-
ceived any knowledge of the country; and two
hundred and sixty-three since its first coloniza-
tion uiftlerDon Juan de Onate, who memorialized
the Spanish Viceroy for the settlement of the
country; and the identical memorial is now of
record in the territorial archives at Santa P<\ Mr.
Gregg;, in his " Commerce of the Plains," thus
refers to it:
"In eveiy pari of (ins t-ingulat document there may be
((ouiul) tiaeed the singular evidences of that souhd hist foi
gold winch so disgraced all the Spanish conque&ta in Amer-
ica, &c.
Showing clearly that they were fully satisfied of
the fact of the existence there of that mineral wealth
which was the captivating, if not the prime, object
of Spanish exploration in ilie New World. The
aboiigines were coeiccd into the service of thru
conquerors to work the mines,of which there were
many discovered and opened. The most import-
ant of them, which have been abandoned in con-
sequence <*f ihe civil embroilments and Indian dif-
ficulties in the country, are the Gran Quivira, Abo,
Embudo, CYrnllos, Abiqum, and many others
which can be mentioned. Of the Gran Quiviia,
which lies about one hundred miles southward
from Santa Ft5, Mr. Gregg, who visited those
ruins,speaks thus:
''Tins appears io have been a eon^ideiable city, larger
and licber by far than tho picsent capital of New Mexico
evei has been.1'
Mines of gold, silver, copper, iron, lead, and
coal, arc found all over the country. In all the
metallic mines, the ore is said to be very abund-
ant and uncommonly pure. Since the reduction
and occupancy of the country by the Spaniards,
the mining business has been carried or) to a
greater or less extent. The isolated condition of
the country lias rendered it uninviting to immi-
gration; and the miners there, satisfied with small
re turns from their labor, will account satisfactorily
for so mnny of these mines lying idle. At pres-
ent the most productive and valuable diggings and
mines are the " Placer mines," composing the
Riol de Dolores and Rial del Tucrto—or the old
and new Placeres. These arc gold diggings which
have produced very large amounts of that pre-
cious metal in yeais past, considering the rude
manner in which they were worked. Dr. Wis-
lisenus says:
" The annual production ofgoldin the two riaceres seems
to van considerably. Jn some sears it was estimated from
thirty to forty thousand dollars, m others ftom sixty to
eighiv thousand doll at b, and, at latter years, even as high as
§•250,U00per annum "
Not only do Mr. Gregg and Doctor Wislisen-
us speak highly of them, but also Lieutenant J.
J. Aberf, United States topographical engineer,
(vide Sen *Doc. first sess:on Thirtieth Congress,
p. 36,) where he speaks of the New Placer, or
Rial del Tuerto. He says;
11 The value of these mines cannot very well be estimated
now, as there have beea many improvements in the methods
of woikinggold, which, when adapted to these mines, may
pioduce agreat increase in the annual yield. Mr. Camp
bell tells me that he got from his wells one piece worth
$700, and, at another tune, a piece worth $900."
Dr. Wislisenus thus refers to the unfortunate
neglect of this particular branch of industry at the
present day in New Mexico. He says:
"Agreat many deserted mining places in NewMcxico
prove that mining was pmsued with greater zeal in the old
Spanish times than at present, winch may be accounted lor
in various ways—as the present want ol capital, want of
knowledge in mining, but specially the unsettled state of the
country, and the avarice of its arbitrary lulers, [its former
lulers, of course.] The mountainous parts ofNewMcxico
are very rich m gold, copper, iron, and silver. Gold teems
to be found to a large extent in all the mountains near Santa
F6; also, south of it fur a distance of about one hundied
miles, as far as Gran Quiviri; and north for about one hun-
dred and twentymilesjuptothe Sangrede Crista. Through-
out this whole region, gold dust has been abundantly found
by the pooter classes ol Mexicans, who occupy themselves
With the washing of this metal out of the mountain streams."
The principal points at which copper is to be
found in great abundance, are at Las Tijeras,
Jemes, Abicjuin, Guadalupe de Mora, and what
are commonly called "the copper mines, "known
by the Mexicans as 4' Santa Rita," and others
in the differentpartsof the country. Coal is found
in large beds, puncipally in the mountains near
Santa Fe,in the Raton mountains, and on the Rio
Puerco of the West, near the thirty-fifth parallel
of latitude, and is easily procurable.
I will not leave this branch of my subject with-
out referring to a traditionary and fabulous story
with regard to the golden products of the rich
mines of the wealthy and important Gran GLuivira.
Inrelerence to this tradition, Dr.Wislisenus states
that—
<v\t one time, when ihev [meaning the Spaniards) were
m:ikmg exttaotdiuaty piepiuatious lot ttdiispoiung ihe pic-
01011*5 nietaN, the Indiana attacked them; wheieupon the
miners Inmcd their tieasuies woith fifty million-*, and left
the city togeihei, but they were all killed except two, who
went to Mcmco. giving the p.n ticuKirs of the nil air, and
soliciting aid to letiun. But the distance being .-.o gioat, and
the Indians so numcioiis, nobody would advance, and the
thing dtopped. One of ihe two went to New Oilcans, then
under tlx; dominion of Spain, raised five hundied men, and
stalled by way of the Sabine, butw as nevei heaid ot after-
wards. Witiiiu the last few years seveial Auieucau^ and
Fienchmen have vi-ittd the place ; and although the), have
not found the treasure, thev eerttlV, at least, to the exist-
ence ot uu aqueduct, about ten miles m length, to the still
standing walls of seveial chinches, the sculpture of the
Spanish eoat of aims, and to many spacious pit-*, supposed
to be silver mines. It was no doubt a Spanish mining town,
and if. is not unlikely that it was destroyed in Hit>0, m the
general successful insurrection of the Indians in New
Mexico against the Spanuuds."
A word more as to the. general productiveness
of our mines, so as to show the amount that one
hand can got, or make daily, under the then sys-
tem of working the mines. The scientific gentle-
men just quoted, speaking of a visit he made to
the Placer mines, and particularly to a gold mine
belonging to Mr. Tounner, a Frenchman resid-
ing theie, says:
" Mr. Tom mer (in the rude manner in which he worked
ins mi no) told me iliat he winked every day about two ear-
lms (loads,) being seven hundred and fitty pound* of the ore:
and (hat he diaws, on an avetage, three quartets ot an
ounce (about twelve dollars' woith) of gold out of his
shait.5'
I could detain the ITouse upon this particular
branch of my icmarks much longer, but I have
other points upon which I wish to invite its at-
tention, and will only ask whether there can be
any one, with a knowledge of these facts concern-
ing the mineral wealth of New Mexico, who will
say that that Territory is inferior to any State or
Territory under ihis Government? All that we
ask is an outlet for an imposing display before
the world, of the prodigal treasures that at this
moment he hidden in her bosor$.
I shall next, sir, call your attention to the ag-
ricultural capacity of New Mexico. In regard to
this particular branch of industry, there is indeed
great misapprehension throughout the United
States. I have not unfrequently, I am sorry to
say, heard men venture the empty assertion that
tins really bounteous Territory is a desert waste,
sterile and unproductive—a country which not
even prowling wolves deign to inhabit. Such as-
sertions, sir, so far as this topic is concerned, are
to my mind but the utterance of uninformed intel-
ligence, not to say of ignorance. No country, I
undertake to say, has better and richer soil than
New Mexico. We raise all the products—ay,
every one of them, and these, too, in great abund-
ance—that are produced in and common to the
southern and middle States. Isolated as New
Mexico is, and entirely self-dependent, she has
always found in her own varied resources suffi-
cient means for support. True it is that we irri-
gate, by artificial canals, (accqxdas,) our soil, in
order to raise our crops. This process has ever
been resorted to by the Spaniards and Mexicans,
and it is a time-honored custom, common among
them. We do not place entire dependence in fly-
ing and uncertain clouds for the fertilization of
our land. It is upon ever-running and copious
stieams, that spring clear and pure from tho
bosom of the eternal mountains, that we put our
faith. With such eternal elements of dependence
we can well insure our crops. But, sir, I em-
phatically contradict the assertion that we can
produce nothing without irrigation. I affirm this
to be but an ancient custom of the people—a
habit common, not only in New Mexico, butpe-
culiar to the entire Republic of which it was for-
merly a part. Irrigation was and is yet practiced
in Texas and California. It is to a great extent
abolished in those States; and many farmers in
New Mexico do not now irrigate, and they pro-
duce from their lands equally as much as those
who adhere to the old piactice.
No country in North America can, in my opin-
ion, produce better grapes than New Mexico: and
I venture to predict that the fertile banks of the
Rio Giande will one day nval those of the vine-
clad Loire. In the abundance, variety, and qual-
ity of its grapes, and the perfection of its native
wine, New Mexico will bear comparison even
with any European State. There is, of course,
as yet no very extensive manufacture of wine,
that made being chiefly for home consumption.
Lieutenant A. W. Whipple (Pacific Railroad
Report, page 13) says:
" The valley of the Rio Grande del None is well known.
The bottom land that can be ungated is veiy extensive.
The soil and climate seem pniticulaily adapted to the cul-
uue of grapes, which grow luxuiiantly and to perlection.
The wine produced is very finely flavored, and, with aa
easy communication with a market, may become an article
ol eommetce, and asotnec ol wealth to New Mc.xico. But
the H'soiuccs o( this Teuitory are not confined to the belt
which may be flooded b> tin; wateisofthe Del Norte. Nu-
meious spi ings and Mi earn* checkcr this legion with feitile
spots among the mountains.-'
The same scientific gentleman, speaking of the
character of the country and water of the Rio
Pecos, on the thirty-fifth parallel route, in con-
trast with the kind of country and character of the
water of the same stream about the thirty-second
patallel route, (Pacific Raihoad Report, volume
52, part four, page 4,) says:
'*The Pecos nvei hoic—i.e. on the thirty-fifth paiallei
route—is clear and japid, and its waters puieand sweet,
toinnng quite a contiaj>t to iho*e at the several ciossings
lioni ©an Antonio to El Paso, w heie they are ahvaj's tuibid,
biackish, and disagteeablo. Indeed, by sfime traveleis on
its bordeis, and on some maps, this river, from these circum-
stances, has acquired the name of Pumco, the Spanish ap-
pellation J or muddy waieis. There its valley, forhundieds
ot miles, is a blank and drcaiy waste, with scaieely a shrub
to relieve the eye of tho tiav( lei ; here its fertile banks aie
dotted with innumeiable small plantations and towns, so
chaiaeteustieof New Mexico."
In the northern part of the Territory wheat is
raised in great abundance—the soil yielding on an
average of forty bushels to the acrc; while in the
southern part, through the Rio Abajo, and down
to the Messilla valley, corn is produced and raised
in equal abundance. It is my opinion that in no
State or Territory m the Union can be raised finer
corn, and more to the acre, than in the Messilla
valley—being a part of the same valley of the Rio
Grande.
As a pastoral and grazing country, I believe
New Mexico has already obtained considerable
reputation abroad. I believe that in this respect
her claims are generally conceded to be unsur-
passed. The evidence of the justness and supe-
riority of these claims is in the large amount of
stock grazed m and spread over the whole coun-
try. Dr. Wislisenus, speaking of both Chihua-
hua and New Mexico, with regard to their merits
as giazing countries, says: I
" Both States are unsurpassed by any in the Union. Mil-
lions of stock can be raised every year on the prairies of the
