1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
had nothing to do with political affairs, was ;
compelled to leave the Territory, and to leave it
precipitately. Mr. Hurt, an Indian agent, who
had faithfully discharged the duties of his office,
was pursued by a portion of the JDanite band tor
the purpose of endeavoring to seize him, and, as
it is believed, of killing him. He was a quiet,
inoffensive man—not sympathizing, it is true,
with-the Mormons in their polygamous institu-
tions, but abstaining from any expression of opin-
ion calculated to excite their animosity towards
him. "Whilst attending to his duties, having col-
lected a band of Indians about him who were
engaged in the work of farming and endeavor-
ing to sustain themselves, a portion of the Damte
band came in pursuit of him; but, in consequence
of the attachment of the Indians towards him,
they warned him of the approach of danger, and
accompanied him in his flight, providing him with
the means of subsistence on the way, until he,
could reach the military force approaching Salt
Lake City from the east. Every intention was
manifested by the Mormons to defy the power of
the United States, and drive from the Territory
the civil officers of the Government. They de-
clared their determination not to permit emigrants
to pass through their Territory; and here it must
be recollected that the great mass of the overland
emigration to California and Oregon passes
through Salt Lake valley. It is to be recollected
that, for several years past, the bands of emi-
grants traveling through the Territory during the
summer season have been subjected to a great deal
of annoyance from the Mormons. In some in-
stances their property has been forcibly taken from
them, and they themselves have been seized upon
and incarcerated, for no offense whatever, and
without process of Jaw. With all_ these acts of
hostility manifested towards the citizcns of the
tinned States, I ask you whether it was not the
bounden duty of the President of the United
States to send a military force into the Territory
of Utah, not for the purpose of making war upon
the Mormons, but for the purpose of presenting
them from perpetrating these outrageous acts,
upon peaceful and unoffending citizens who saw
fit to travel through the Territory, and to prevent
them from inciting the Indians to acts of hostility
against the overland emigrants?
Mr. BURROUGHS. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether the President, with all his
army in Utah and in Kansas, ever brought a
single murderer to justice ?
Mr. PHELPS. I am not speaking of the opera-
tion of the army in Kansas. I know that^when
Colonel Steptoe, with his command, was in the
Territory of Utah, men charged with the crime of
murder were arrested, and handed over to the
civil authorities, but where there is a grand jury
composed of Mormons, and a petit jury composed
of Mormons, and a gentile is to be tried, that gen-
tile is bound to be convicted, and on the contrary,
Jf a Mormon is to be tried, that Mormon is to be
acquitted. For instance, take those who were in-
dicted for the murder of Gunnison and his party .
There are those who believe that Gunnison and
his party were murdered by the Mormons, but I
do not entertain that opinion, but believe they
were murdered by the Indians. When the In-
dians were arrested and indicted for that murder,
they were released by Brigham Young.
Mr. Chairman, these troops were sent to Utah
not with a view to make war upon the people of
that Territory, but to prevent the Indians from
annoying the overland emigrants to California
and Oregon. They were sent to establish a mili-
tary post, to be occupied by the troops for the
purpose of affording protection to the overland
emigrants from the attacks of either the Indians
or the Mormons themselves. They were sent
there for still another purpose. They were sent
there that the laws of the United States might be
enforced.
In the annual report of the Secretary of War,
the reasons which induced the Administration to
send the expedition to Utah are stated. TheSec-
re^rJlsSsuIfect lias very recently assumed so extraordinary
and impoitam an attitude, that I deem it propei to dwell
upon it somewhat more at length than, under other circum-
stances. would have been required. _
"The Tcrmory of Utah is peopled almost exclusively by
the ieh"iwus sect known a> Moimons. From the time their
nm><b.'r° reached a point sufficient to constitute a commu-
nity capable of anything like independent action, this people
have claimed the right to detach themselves from the binding
obligations of the laws which governed the communities
where they chanced to live. Thoylmve substituted for the
laws of the land a theocracy, having for its head an indi-
vidual whom they profess to believe a prophet of God. This
prophet demands obedience, and receives it implicitly fiom
his people, m virtue of what he assures them to he authority
derived from revelations received by him from Ileaven.
Whenever he finds it convenient to exeicise any special
command, these opportune revelations of a higher law come
to his aid. From his decrees there is no appeal; against
his will there is no resistance. The general plan by which
this system is perpetuated consists m calling into active play
the very worst traits of the human character* Religious
fanaticism, supported by imposture and fraud, is relied on
to enslave the dull and ignorant; whilst the more crafty and
less honest are held together by stimulating their selfishness
and licensing their appetites and lusts. Running counter,
as their tenets and practices do, to the cherished truths of
Chnstian morality, it is not to be wondered at that, when-
ever these people have resided, discord and conflict with
the legal authorities have steadily characterized their his-
tory.
" From the first hour they fixed themselves in that remote
and almost inaccessibNuegion of our territory, fiom which
they are now sending defiance to the sovereign power, their
whole plan lias been to prepare for a successful secession
from the authority of the United States and a permanent
establishment of thrown. They have practiced an exclu-
siveness unlike anything ever before known in a Christian
country, and have inculcated a jealous distrust of all whose
religious faith differed from their own; whom they charac-
terize under the general denomination of Gentiles, They
have filled their ranks and harems chiefly from the lowest
classes of foreigners, although some parts of the United
States have likewise contnbuted to their numbers. They
are now formidable from their strength, and much more so
fiom the remoteness of their position and the difficulty of
traversing the country between our frontiers and Great Salt
Lake. Tins Mormon brotherhood has scarcely preserved
the semblance of obcdience to the authority of the United
States for some years past; not at all, indeed, cxcept as it
might confer some direct benefit upon themselves, or con-
tribute to circulate public money in their community.
Whenever it suited their temper or caprice, they have set
the United States authority at defiance. Of late years, a
well-grounded belief has prevailed that the Moimons were
instigating the Indians to hostilities against our citizens,
and were exciting amongst the Indian tribes a feeling of
insubordination and discontent.
"I need not recite here the many instances in their con-
duct and history on which these general allegations are
founded, especially the conduct they have adopted witlnn
the last twelve months towards the civil authorities of the
United States. ^ . .
" It has, nevertheless, always been the policy ana desire
of the Federal Government to avoid collision with this Mor-
mon community. It has borne with the insubordination
they have exhibited under circumstances when respect foi
their own authority has frequently counseled harsh meas-
ures of discipline. And this forbearance might still be pro-
longed, and the evils rife amongst them be allowed to work
out their own cure, if this community occupied any other
theater, isolated and remote from the seats of civilization,
than the one they now possess. But, unfortunately for these
views, their settlements he in the great pathway which leads
from our Atlantic States to the new and nourishing com-
munities growing up upon our Pacific soa-hoard. They stand
a Uon in the path; not on.lv themselves defying the military
and civil authoiities of the Government, but encouraging,
if not exciting, the nomad savages who roam over the vast
unoccupied regions of the continent to the pillage and mas-
sacre of peaceful and helpless cmigiant families traversing
the solitudes of the wilderness. The rapid settlement 01
our Pacific possessions; the rights in those regions of emi-
grants unable to affoid the heavy expenses of transit by
water and the isthmus; the lacihty and safety ol military,
commercial, political, and social intercommunication be-
tween our eastern and western populations and States, all
depend upon the prompt, absolute, and thorough removal
of a hostile power besetting this path midway of its route,
at a point where succor and provisions should always be
found, rather than obstruction, privation, and outrage.
However anxiously the Government might desire to avoid
a collision with this or any other community of people under
its jurisdiction, yet it is not possible for it to postpone the
duty of reducing to subordination a rebellious tratermty
besetting one of the most important avenues of communi-
cation traversing it? domain, and not only themselves defy-
in" its authority, but stimulating the irresponsible savages
hovering along the highway to acts of violence indiscrimin-
ately upon all ages, sexes, and conditions of wayfarers.
<c prom all the circumstances surrounding tins subject at
the tune, it wa3 thought expedient during the past summer
to send a body of troops to Utah with the civil officers re-
cently appointed to that Territory. As the intention then
was merely to establish these functionaries in the offices to
which they had been commissioned, and to erect Utah into
a geographical military department, the force l,ien
patched and now en route to the Tcmtory was thoug t to
be amply sufficient for those purposes. Supplies were
abundant there, and the position was tavorabie for holding
the Indians in check throughout the whole
region of country. It was hardly within the line> ofreason-
able probability that these people would put^ themselves
beyond the pale of reconciliation with the Gov*enimeiat by
acts of unprovoked, open, and wanton rebellion. It will
be seen, however, from the documents
report, that flagrant acts of rebellion have been
by them, in the face of positive assurances giventheiri tljut
the intention of the Government m sending troops into the
military department of Utah was entirely m<llTh
" Great caie had been taken, in preparing for the^-irch
to Utah, that nothing should seem to excite appi - "
of any action on the part of the army in the
with the fixed principles nf^uurjn^tituiions^b>^vymc!i^|ie
military is strictly subordinate to the civil uuihonty. The
instructions to the commanding ofiicer were del i^ < . y
considered and carefully di awn; and he was charged rit
to allow any conflict to take place between the troops ana
the people of the Territory, except only in case he should:
be called on by the Governor for soldiers to act as a posse
comitatus in enforcing obedience to the laws.
" In conformity with this sentiment, and to assure these
people of the real intention of the movement, an activef
ih&creet officer was sent in advance of the army to,Utah, tor
the purpose of purchasing provisions for it, and of assuring-
the people of the Territory of the peaceful Intentions Of the.
Government. This duty was faithfully performed-;'the'
chief men of the fraternity were assured that nonviolence^
was intended towards them or any one, and that nothing*
could be further from the intention of the Government or.
the army than to molest any one lor their religious opinions,
howe.ver.abhorrent they might be to the principles of ChriS'
tian morality. This officer found, upon entering the Terri-
tory, that these deluded people had already, in advance of
his arrival, or of any information, except as to the march:
of the column, determined to resist their approach, and pre-
vent, if possible, and by force, the entrance of the army into*
the valley of Salt Lake. Supplies of every sort were reftise<l>
him- The day after his departure from the city, on his way?
back, Brigham Young issued his proclamation, substantially
declaring war against the United States, and, at the same
time, putting the Territory under martial law. The facts'
connected with this mission of Captain Van Vliet will ap-.
pear more in detail from his reports, herewith transmitted.,
" In view of the menacing attitude of affairs in Utah, and
of the importance of a prompt and thorough suppression of
the spirit of rebellion reigning there, I must repeat my rec-
ommendation of five new regiments, which I am persuaded
is the very smallest addition to the Army which the exi-
gencies of the service will allow."
The expedition was a pacific, and not a hostile
one. .
Let me remark to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] and the other gentlemen who
have referred to the magnitude of these proposed,
appropriations, that it was not anticipated, when
the appropriations for the support of the Army-
were made at the last session of Congress, that
this expedition would be fitted, out against Utah.-
Let them examine the estimates which were sub-s-
trutted to the last Congress by the Secretary.of,
War. Let them examine the executive docu-,
ments, and they will not find any estimate sub-
mitted by which it was anticipated that this force,
would be sent to Utah during the past or present,
fiscal year. Hence the estimates which were sub-,
mitted to Congress at its last session by the War
Department, were submitted in the expectation
that the Army would be stationed at the various,
military posts then occupied, and employed during
the year in the manner they were then employed..
Under such circumstances the appropriation made
at the last Congress would have been ample and*
sufficient to satisfy every claim, excepting that,
arising from the transportation of the Army.
That item was increased by the Indian disturb-
ances in the two Territories of Washington and
Oregon. Many of the troops were employed in.
suppressing these hostilities, and in this way the
expenditures were increased beyond the amount-
appropriated.
Mr. Chairman, it must be recollected that the,
estimates for the appropriations for the Army are,
made at least eight months in advance of the ex-
penditures. When this Congress assembled on
the first Monday in December, the annual esti-,
mates of appropriations were printed, and laid
upon the table of members; and of course they
had been prepared by the Departments some time
prior to that date. It must also be recollected that
the estimates for the support of the Army are reg-'
ulated much by the place and manner m which,
the Army shall be employed; and, by the casual-
ties incident to the service, there can be no great
accuracy in them. When the estimates for this
fiscal year were made, who could foresee that a
lar^e part of our Army would be employed in
Utah? And how could any one, unless gifted
with prophecy, venture to submit estimates for
service which it was not expected would be re-
LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the expenses in tU erection of
the public buildings were included in that of the
military service?
Mr. PHELPS. I stated this, that under the
head of expenditures for the War Department
you will find £2,100,000 for certain public build-
ings and public works in the District of Columbia.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The table from which I
quoted said that the expenditures have run up
from |9,000,000 to ^19,000,000. As I understand,
it does not include the expenditures in the erec-.
tion of public buildings.
Mr. PHELPS. Prom what does the gentle-
man read ? ,
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is a statement made to tne
Senate on the 4th of March, in answer to a reso-
