* 1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Otero.
Ho. or Reps.
high tabfe-lands, and in the mountains. Cattle, horses,
mules, and sheep, increase very fast j and if more attention
were paid to the improvement of the stock, the wool of the
sheep alone could be made the exchange for the greater part
of the present importation, But to accomplish this, (lie adds,)
the Indians, who, chiefly in the last ten years, have crippled
all industry in stock-raising, wfllhave first to be subdued."
I have thus, sir, I trust, so far at least as the
object I have in view demands, and in a general
way, satisfactorily demonstrated the great mate-
rial resources of the Territory of New Mexico.
Much more I could, and, indeed, would desire to
say on this topic, but I hurry to the practical ap-
plication of my remarks. I must add, however,
that in stating the facts just given, my object has
been to comply with numerous requests, made
by written communications from all parts of the
country, as the Delegate of New Mexico, asking
me for information about that Territory. I do
this now in a public way for the general bene-
fit, so that the country at large may know the
wealth and resources of the region i represent,
and the claims, under such state of facts, that New
Mexico has upon governmental consideration for
its future welfare.
Such, sir, are the resources of the country
through which the thirty-fifth parallel, or Albu-
querque railroad route to the Pacific passes; and
1 ask, has not this Territory, with its abundant
incitements to your interests, and its claims upon
your care, been comparatively neglected and for-
saken? Our advancement has been impeded, not
only because of the want of necessary avenues for
the development of the popular mina, but also on
account of our want of outlets for an agricultural,
mineral, and pastoral wealth, which, 1 am sin-
cerely confident, no other State or Territory of
the United States can boast.to possess.
Ten years, sir, have gone by since New Mex-
ico became part and parccl of this, the greatest
Republic that the world has ever seen. Ten years
have rolled by since Federal power assumed .the
duty and responsibility of the protection of that
people. Have our demands of right been met,
and your duty fulfilled ? History will show here-
after how the Government has discharged its
trust towards New Mexico, in contrast with dis-
pensations showered upon our sister Territories.
Sir, it is a painful thing for me to be here and
witness the partiality which is manifested in favor
of some of your northwestern Territories. I re-
gret to say this, but the truth must be told. It
must go to the country.
And now, sir, in regard to a Pacific railroad. I
shall not attempt to enter into the discussion of
the national importance of this iron way. It is
conceded, I believe, by all, that is necessary, and
ought to be constructed. There are various routes
proposed and strongly ad vocatedby their respect-
ive friends. It is my purpose, in the few remarks
I have to submit in relation to this great enter-
prise, to advocate what is termed the thirty-fifth
parallel, or Albuquerque route, and to give my
reasons for doing so. While all other States and
Territories of the Union have outlets for their
wealth, natural and artificial, New Mexico is
entirely isolated and cut off from proper com-
mercial intercommunications. The Territory is
surrounded on all sides by almost limitless re- '
gions,fertile,and, for the most part, cultural, ytt
uninhabited; and where the wandering and law-
less Indian holds as of yore, in spite of your nom-
inal subjection, imperial sway. Wo are from
eight to nine hundred miles distant from any of
your western States' frontiers. We are quite
twelve hundred miles from your Pacific coast.
The Rio Grande, the principal artery that trav-
erses the Territory, is not navigable, and there-
fore affords ua- no avenue by which to reach the ,
Gulf. We are, indeed, within a prairie-bound ter- I
ritorial isle; and we ask as right, fair, and just, :
the means fur our outward development. i
The Albuquerque route passes through the cen-
terof New Mexico,and it is the most central route
of all proposed, and one that would benefit the
greatest number of people. It seems to mp that
upon the first sight of a map any impartial and
disinterested person would decide m favor of that
route. The country through which it runs is
rich in soil, copious in water, and abundant in
wood, umber, and fuel. 11is the best adapted for
farming purposes; the climate is genial and salu-
biious; and the objection to the climate along
New Skriks—No. 27.
the Albuquerque route, as being rigorous and in-
hospitable—rendering it impracticable, it is said,
to carry even an overland mail by that line—is
wholly without support or foundation. I am
aware that the Postmaster General is of\that«rro-
neous opinion, and I-am told -that even the Pres-
ident has been induced to believe that Albuquer-
que comprisesan ice-bound region. Now, sir,it
was my fortune to be born within a few miles
from Albuquerque, and I have resided there for a
considerable period of my life. I never found it
extremely cold there, or remember to have seen
snow fall to a depth or frequency to impede the
usual travel and trade of that place. We never
enjoyed sleighing there—and I do not know but
what gentlemen might, with equal propriety, as-
sert, to a citizen of Nashville or Memphis, that
a railroad could not be constructed through Ten-
nessee, because of the rigor of the climate, as to
say that New Mexico, or rather Albuquerque, is
at a disadvantage in this respect; both ideas are
simply ridiculous. And even though the climate
of Alouquerque were middling cold, this could
offer no objection, for, I believe, engineers prefer
a mean temperature for the building of railroads,
to all climatic extremes, whether hot or cold.
But I speak of the climate of Albuquerque of my
own personal knowledge, and this from a long
residence there.
Lieutenant E. F. Beale, the superintendent of
the wagon road from Fort Defiance, New Mex-
ico, to the Colorado river, has returned, in the
mid winter, along the thirty-fifth parallel route,
and he tells us that he experienced no inconve-
nience whatever, on his exploration back from
Los Angeles, California, to Albuquerque, from
the rigor of wmtei. On the other hand on the
the forty-second parallel route, through the South
Pays, you have had your Utah army detained,
amid the gorges of the Itocky Mountains, inconse-
quence ofthesnows thatimpede the travel through
that region during the winter months of the year.
The snow that falls on the thirty-fifth parallel
route can never be an obstruction in the way, so
as to impede, even in the most severe winter,
railroad travel. But let us examine what Secre-
tary Davis, Lieutenant Whipple, Mr. Campbell,
and others, have to say of this route with regard
to its advantages over any other one surveyed.
Secretary Davis, speaking of this particular
route, says, (see vol. 1, page 20:)
" The geneial features which have determined the posi-
tion of this route, the exploration of which was conducted
by Lieutenant A. W. Whipple, topogiaplucal engineer^aie
the extension, west and oast, ofthe interlocking tributaries
of the Mississippi, the Rio Grande, and the Colorado of the
West. It would appear to possess, also, a greater yeaily
amount of ram than the regions immediately north and
south of it; and, as a consequence, a better supply of fuel
and umber.*5
Pie further says, on page 21:
" The principal eharacteustics of this route, in compari-
son with others, are, probably, its passing through or near
more numerous! cultivable area«,its moie abundant natural
supply of water an far west as the Colorado, and the greater
frequency and extent of forestgrowthon the route between
the Ilio Grande and the Colorado."
Captain Whipple, the United States engineer,
who surveyed the central or thirty-fifth parallel
route, thus speaks of it, as he completed his
labors as far as the Cajori, at which place his
exploration seems to have ended:
'• Our field labors may now be considered as completed.
It remains to develop m detail the results that may be gath-
ered tiom the mateiidl that has been collectcd. Until this
be accomplished, no definite oi *afisfactoiy evidence can
be given toothers of the success that has attended our oper-
ations; but to oui-elves there is no doubt remaining that
for the conduction of a i ail way thf ioute we have passed
ovei is not only psacticable, but in manv respects eminently
advantageous. Theifirst six hundied and iifty mile",, from
the eastern bolder ofthe Choctaw territoiy to the iivci Pe-
cos, possesses m the valley of the Canadian a natural high-
way, that establishes beyond question the supenor advant-
ages of this belt of countiy over any other that can be
selected between the same dctrree^ of longitude within the
limits of our territory. The Canadian seems formed by na-
ture for the special object in view. Eu general course for
the distance alluded to is nearly east. Its mean inclination
is but nine feet to the mile; thus enabling us almost im-
perceptibly to attain the summit of the lofty table lands of
New Mexico. Eipen>ivc embankments are entirely avoid-
ed , and, notwithstanding the nuineious affluents, that fer- ,
tili/.e and enrich the adjacent countiy, few bridges are re-
quircd,asino*tof the water courses sink beneath the surface j
as they appioacn the gioat valley. Upon t.ie eastern por- i
uon valuable coal mines exi-1, and vast loiests of oak may
furnish an unfailing supply ot timbei and fuel. The Cross
Timbers extend to the meridian of 80° westftom Green-
wich, and the wooded branches of the False Washita af-
ford abundance of the same maierial;for fifty or^sixty miles
beyond. Sandstone, quick lime, and gypsum, are Jfejuod
throughout the whole distance, 'if the' tertil-e ,valleys,were
thrown open to setttersj and an outlet "se'eurefl for'fche prod-
ucts ofthe soil, tills region would form the nucleus ofsiew
States, and the roying tribei'oT Indians that now occupy it
would give place to a flourishing population. It is believed
that in climate, as welt as soil, this country fa? surpasses
that of Kansas;'? ' • * , . ■
In the second part of the same Volume/ page
48, Captain Whipple says:
" One of the most important of the advantages claimed
for this route is the pleasant and salubrious climate of the
region through which it passes. There is no long series of
parched plains, rendering the summer heat intolerable, nor
do those dreaded winds termed 1 northers' reach this lati-
tude. The mountainranges that are crossed are not blocked
up in winter by ice and snow sufficient to interrupt travel.
From July to January, and for the whole year, this line
may be traversed in safety.
"The different portions of our survey were performed, at
such seasons as to enable us to make observations upon the
most unfavorable characteristics ofthe climate. In August
we were upon the comparatively low and arid plains upon
the head waters ofthe Canadian, and near the Llano Esta-
cado. During the winter months we passed over the ele-
vated regions, and through the mountain passes between
the Rio Grande and Rio Colorado.
"Upon the parallel of 35° snow cannot prove an .ob-
struction to a railway.".,
I have not the time now, sir," to- discuss the
merits of the other proposed routes, and compare
their disadvantages with this of Albuquerque.
Mr. Campbell, who I believe has been upon the
two surveys of the thirty-second and thirty-fifth
parallel, says: (See Pacific Railroad Report, vol-
ume three, page 24:)
" Tlie valley of the Canadian is the proper route, from its
directness, gentle aseeiu, and ready supply of water. Xta
general course in nearly due west, to the mouth ofTocum-
ear creek, and the ascent of these (the one, I believe, the
tnbutai y of tile other) is very gradual to the summit between
them and the Pecos."
I cite this gentleman's opinion, because of the
especial respect in which i know it will be held
by some gentlemen upon this floor, having occu-
pied the position under Lieutenant Whipple of a
railroad engineer. Wo one, so far as I am credibly
informed, denies the practicability of the construc-
tion of a Pacific railroad from St. Louis, Missouri,
through Springfield, or Neosho, to the Canadian,
and thence to Albuquerque. I take St. Louis as
the starting point, because, in my opinion, it is
the most important commercial city on the Mis-
sissippi, and the most central in its locality.
Dr. Kidwell, who was hostile to all routes, in
his minority report from the committee on the
Pacific railroad, made to Congress at its last ses-
sion, speaks (Jius as to whathe things is the best
route to the Pacific, if any should be built:
" A rizht line drawn between New York and Albuquer-
que would pass through St. Louis. And yet Jlaltimore is
near«M to St. Louis than is New York, and Charleston is
nearer than Balumoie. So are Richmond, and Savannah,
and Pensacola. St. Louis is, therefore, eligibly situated.
u A road from St. Louis, via Albuquerque, to,Sa  Fran-
cisco, would avoid, it was supposed, extreme heights,
extreme heat, and the deep snows. A road from Albu-
querque, via Fort Smith, to Memphis, and one from Albu-
queique to St. Louis, would have a common stem a con-
stdeiable distance; if one is built, both ought to be. The
line of continental road most convenient to the fifteen
southern States, taken os a unit, begins in Charleston, and
runs to San Francisco through tho towns ol Memphis, Lit-
tle Iiock, Fort Smith, Anton Chico, and Albuquerque, audi
has a fotk to St. Louis.
" The mass of the population, business, and wealth, and
the greater part of the geographical area of the fifteen south-
ern .States, he north ot a line drawn fifty mile? south of, and
patallei with, the Charleston, Memphis, Fort Smith, nod
Albuquerque road; that line of road is very accessible to
each of the southern States, at some point or other, before
it reaches the east line of New Mexico.
The extreme southern cities, even Galveston, can reach
San Fianeisco as readily by the Albuquerque route as any
oihei, orneailyso—in many cases more readily than by any
other."
I am of opinion that only one road ought to be
constructed, and that the one which runs upon
the thirty-fifth parallel. I think the Government
ought not to undertake, with its money and its
public domain, to build any more than one road.
That should be as near the geographical center
of the whole country as the practicability of the
route will allow. Let us divest ourselves, gen-
tlemen, of that sectional prejudice, interest, and
; rivalry, which seem to control many members, so
| far as the starting eastern point is concerned, but
! which, when we are considering a work that is to
! do credit to our common national pride, ought
1 never to be entertained by natfShaf legislators.
! Let us look at the honor which "our country is'to
S derive abroad among the other nations of the
' world, by the construction of this gigantic high-
