1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2.
lution of the Senate. It is a general statement of
the expenditures of the Government from 1789 up
to the present time. In that table the miscella-
neous expenditures, as the gentleman will observe,
have ran up in equal proportion; that those for
Military services have increased from |9,000,000
to $19,000,000; and in the miscellaneous items
are included the expenditures on the public build-
ings, (the Capitol and others,) the erection of
•which are under the direction of the War Depart-
ment; still the appropriations are not made for
the Army.
Mr. PHELPS. The actual cost of the Army
is about fifteen million dollars. In this I do not
embrace the appropriations for fortifications, for
ordnance, or any of the appropriations for the
ereetion of public buildings and other public
works besides fortifications. The gentleman may
put it down as $15,000,000 instead of $19,000,000,
but if you add the expenditures on account of
the Utah expedition; if you add the expenditures
on account of the militia called into the service of
the United States in the Territories of Washing-
ton and Oregon; then, of course, the amount will
be largely beyond $15,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, when interrupted I was stating
the manner in which estimates for appropriations
for the Army were submitted. I showed they
were submitted long in advance of the time when
the money was required to be expended, and the
estimates might be fully sufficient to answer all
public purposes if there was no sudden emer-
gencylike that in the case of the Utah expedition.
The order to fit out this expedition was given in
the last fiscal year, and preparations were being
made at Port Leavenworth m June last in execu-
tion of that order. Many of the expenses of the
expedition were incurred in the last fiscal year.
Now when we come to scrutinize and examine
these estimates, we find that there was a deficiency
for the regular supplies of the Ariray, amounting
to $279,377 for the last fiscal year; for incidental
expenses, $129,860; and for the transportation of
troops and supplies, $750,000. So also for the
erection of barracks and quarters, there was a de-
ficiency of nearly seventy thousand dollars, which
had accrucd the last fiscal year.
Now these expenditures, in part—and I allude
more particularly to those for the transportation
of troops and supplies, and those for incidental
expenses and the regular supply of the Army—
belong to the expedition fitted out for Utah.
Prom the time of commencing to fit out that ex-
pedition, the expenses have been great in sending
forward supplies, and in providing the means of
transporting the troops to the point of destination.
You find that in the month of May last, the fifth
regiment of infantry were, in a very short period
of time, transported from Florida, where they
were stationed, to St. Louis, and from St. Louis
to Leavenworth city, where the proper outfit of
mules and wagons,&c., were furnished for them,
and they were started upon their line of march
across the prairies.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
when commenting upon the expenditures of the
Government, seemed to proceed upon the hypoth-
esis that the scenes of operation of troops of the
United States are where they readily procure the
supplies necessary for them. He is not willing to
take into consideration that these men have to be
marched twelve hundred miles across a wilder-
ness. They have to take their provisions for that
long distance, and they take, not only the pro-
visions necessary to support them on their march,
but the provisions necessary for their support and
maintenance during the past winter, and until they
can be relieved in the spring by supplies from
across the plains. Does the gentleman expect
that those supplies are to be made with the same
facility, and at the same rate of expense, that
they could be transported over good wagon roads
within the limits of the State of Tennessee or
Missouri?
The gentleman from Tennessee finds fault with
the expenditures of the War Department, and it
seems lie must arrive at one of several conclu-
sions: first, that the Secretary of War has acted
in violation of the lav/, or that he has acted in-
discreetly, or that the gentleman is unwilling to
intrust him with the expenditures necessary for !
the support of the Army. The gentleman took i
occasion to remark in reference to the course he
thought should be pursued towards Utah. He I
said that he would send an officer there, and if
the people did not obey the laws, he would repeal
the organic act, and then send the troops there
and drive the Mormons out of the country. Does
the gentleman proceed upon the hypothesis that
every person in that Territory is a rebel and a
traitor to the Government ? You must discriminate
between those who are disloyal and rebellious,
and those who are peaceable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did I understand
the gentleman to say that the appropriations for
the Army, including the fortifications and the
Military Academy, for the present year, were
about twenty million dollars ?
Mr. PHELPS. I did not speak of the expend-
iture of this fiscal year. I said I was replying
to the assertion made by the gentleman from Il-
linois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] that for the support and
maintenance of the Army—using his own lan-
guage—the expenditures were $19,000,000. But
$2,100,000 of that was for constructing public
buildings.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Butthe cost ofthose
public buildings was included in the $19,000,000.
The amount was for erecting fortifications and
for the Military Academy.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 remarked that the expenditure
for fortifications was not chargeable to the Army;
for though you might not appropriate a single
dime for fortifications, still the Army is upon
your hands, and you must maintain it. For for-
tifications annual appropriations may or may not
be made, as it suits the pleasure of Congress.
You might as well charge the cost of this Capitol
to the support of the Army, as to charge the for-
tifications which the Government may see fit to
erect upon the sea-board; because in this Capitol
we make laws for the government and regulation
of the Army.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is under the head of mili-
tary services
Mr. PHELPS. It is among the money ex-
pended by the Secretary of War; but because
Congress sees fit, under existing laws, to delegate
to the War Department the construction of an
aqueduct in the District of Columbia, costing
$2,500,000, would you charge that to the expenses
of the Army? Because Congress sees fit to dele-
gate to the War Department the construction of
the additions to this Capitol, will you charge that
to the support and maintenance of the Army ?
I was remarking that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] in opposing these appropria-
tions, must proceed upon one of three positions:
that the Secretary of War, in making the expend-
itures for which this money is needed, is acting
in violation of law, or that he is acting indis-
creetly, or that the gentleman is not willing to
intrust him with the expenditure of the public
money. As far as has come under my observa-
tion, the Secretary of War has neither acted in
violation of law nor indiscreetly, and I am wil-
ling to intrust him with the expenditure of the
money for the support of our military establish-
ment.
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee voted, as
I did,for the preamble, which was prefixed to the
resolution of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Warren,] asserting, in our opinion, that Utah
was in a state of rebellion. If it is, does it not
bccome us to suppress that rebellion ? Is it not our
duty to place in the hands of the executive de-
partment of this Government the means of putting
down rebellion in our midst? I am in favor of
doing that. I admit that Congress only can de-
clare war. But I refer to the report of the Secre-
tary of War, to show that the expedition which
went to Utah went there as a peaceable expedi-
tion, with no expectation of prosecuting a war
against that people; and, furthermore, that a
trusted officer of the Army of the United States
preceded that army, to apprise Brigham Young
that a new military department had been organ-
ized, and that troops were on their way to winter
in that Territory.
It was undeistood that the Mormons had asur-
plus of supplies, such as might be needed for the
army; and this officer, Major Van Vliet, was au-
thorized to mpke contracts with the people of the
Territory of Utah for such supplies as they could,
furnish. But m leply to the request made by that J
officer to purchase provisions, he was met by [
denunciations, was told that none would be sold, I
and that the troops would not be allowed to winter I
in the Territory of Utah. Since that time you
have had the proclamation of Brigham Young.
It has been read on the floor of this House. Itia
the language of one who has in his own person
sole authority over that Church; who rules over
the people of the Territory of Utah belonging to
the Mormon religion, with as despotic hands as
the autocrat of the Russias rules over his sub-
jects. The will of that people is only known by
the revelations made by the prophet Brigham
Young; and we have from him the declaration
that this people will resist the march of the troops
into the Territory of Utah.
Now, then, if heavy expenditures are incurred
in consequence of sending this expedition to Utah,
in consequence of this attempt to suppress this
rebellion, and to maintain these troops for such
time as it may be the will and pleasure of Con-
gress to keep them there, I ask you whether pa-
triotism does not prompt us to come forward and
vote the necessary supplies ? I ask you whether
you would withhold appropriations thus neces-
sary for the maintenance and support of the
Army, on these idle rumors aspersing the char-
acter of the Secretary of War, wrongfully and
unjustly, as I believe ?
Mr. LETCHER. If my friend from Missouri
will give me a moment, I desire to call his atten-
tion to some items that swell up the expenditures
of the War Department, and which are now
sought to be charged to the military service of the
country.
If you will look at the statement, you will find
that it includes private claims, appropriations for
the Indian department, appropriations for ar-
senals and fortifications, the construction of mili-
tary roads in several of the Territories, and acts
of various kinds passed for the relief of military
officers—all of which go to swell up the amount
of $19,000,000.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is the official statement,
under the head of " military service."
Mr. PHELPS. Well, that embraces all the
expenditures, made under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War for the fiscal year, whether in the
nature of private claims or for the military ser-
vice of the country.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is slightly mistaken about that. The ex-
penditures for tne aqueduct, the Capitol building,
&c., come under the head of miscellaneous ex-
Fenses; and those to which the gentleman frotfi
llinois refers are those strictly of a military char-
acter.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no time at this moment
to turn to that; but I am satisfied of the correct-
ness of the statement I have made.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Illinois un-
doubtedly includes more than is properly charge-
able to the Army.
Mr. PHELPS. That is what I contend.
Mr. CURTIS. If he excludes the expenditures
relating to arsenals, fortifications, public build-,
ings, and many other things that come under the
direction of the War Department, he will find that
the Army expenses proper do not exceed, in round
numbers, $15,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Iowa
only affirms the position I have taken. I thank
him for that, because it is a matter which comes
under the cognizance of his committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Iowa to state that the expenses of the
Capitol and public buildings here are included in
the total of $19,000,000?
Mr. CURTIS. No.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, what did he mean ?
Mr. CURTIS. Fortifications and other works
of a stationary character.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Why, then, did the gentle-
man refer to public buildings, when he did not
mean public buildings?
Mr. CURTIS. I did not say public buildings.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Yes,sir; you used the words
" public buildings."
Mr. CURTIS. You misunderstood me.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Here is a miscellaneous item
of $19,000,000. I do not mean that the appro-
priation for the Army is for powder and balls
merely, but for military service. It is so put
down. The appropriations for these public build-
ings are not included in the amount of $19,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I am satisfied still of the cor-
rectness of the position which I have taken in
