1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
JOHN A. HOPPER.
Mr. CRAGIN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of John
A. Hopper; which was read a first and second
time, referred toaCommittee of the Whole House,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF RICHARD TARREN.
Mr. SHORTED,, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Richard Tarrciv, which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
JAMES C. PICKETT.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
JamesC. Pickett; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ZINA WILLIAMS.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Zina
Williams; which was read a firstand second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. EDIE, from the Committee on Patents,
made an adverse report upon the petition of citi-
zens of Illinois for a change in the potent laws;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
WILLIAM B. WILLIS.
Mr. SINGLETON, from the Committee on
Printing, made an adverse report on the memorial
of William B. Willis and otheis; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. STANTON moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole oil the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
{Mr. Branch in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business
first in order was the consideration of the adverse
report of the Court of Claims upon the petition
of Frederick Griffing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is the fourth
Friday of the month, and is, of course,underthe
rules, " objection day." No bill can he debated
to-day. But there are a number of reports from
the Court of Claims firstupon the Calendar; they
are adverse reports, and of course no bills accom-
pany them. 1 suppose, sir, that it would be in
order to call those cases upon which the court
has reported adversely, and if there be no objec-
tion to reporting any case to the House, with the
recommendation that the House concur in the re-
port of the court, that course can be pursued.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I ob-
ject to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and for the reason that there are to be
found among these cases a great many which are
presented as though reported upon adversely,
when, in point of fact, it will be found that the
reports are not adverse, but adverse merely upon
some technical proposition of law, with a rec-
ommendation from the court that the claims be
allowed by Congress. Some of those cases, which
1 happen to know of, were referred during the
lastCongress to a committee, and that committee
took up the reports of the court, and returned
them to the House, with bills. It would be im-
proper, in that state of the case, as I apprehend,
that the course suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee, should be taken. I hope, therefore,
that the general and sweeping proposition which
he has indicated, may not be adopted
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think that the
gentleman from Kentucky does not understand
me. I only suggested the propriety of reporting
to the House such of these cases as shall not be
objected to, with a recommendation to concur with |
the Court of Claims. But I understand that none j
of these reports have been printed; and, perhaps,
it would be better to pass over all of them, as
they arc not printed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that he is informed that there are on this Calendar
but three reports that have been printed, and these
are all adverse reports from last Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine that that is a mis-
take. I take it that the Court of Claims, in send-
ing reports here, send them printed. I examined
one of them this morning, out of curiosity, and
found it to be a fact in regard to that. It was
claim No. 11 on the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that that is one of the cases reported last Congress.
The Chair asks permission to state, that this
being objection day, when a case is called, and
any gentleman objects to confirming the report of
the court, the Chair will hold that that case will
have to be passed over.
Mr. WARREN. 1 would suggest to take up
the cases as they appear on the Calendar. I ob-
ject to having them taken up in mass, and hope
they will be taken up as they occur.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The proper
question, when each of these cases is called, is:
" Shall the report of the Court of Claims be con-
firmed ?" I ask for the reading of the ninth sec-
tion of the act organizing that court.
The section was read. It enacts that the claims
reported upon adversely shall be placed upon the
Calendar when reported; and if the decision of
the court shall be confirmed by Congress, said de-
cision shall be conclusive, and said court shall not,
at any subsequent pctiod, consider such claims,
unless such reasons shall be presented to said
court as by the rules of common law and chan-
cery in suits between individuals, would furnish
sufficient ground for granting a new trial.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Undcrthatsec-
tion of the act, I take it that the proper question
is: " Shall the leport of the Court of Claims be
confirmed?" If any gentleman objects to that,
why, of course, the case goes over—this being ob-
j jeetionday. After the committee shall have acted
in the confirmation of the reports of the Court of
Claims, the cases arc reported to the House; and
after they are acted on there they have to be sent
to the Senate for confirmation. The words of the
law are " by Congress;" that is, by both Houses.
That, 1 think, is the proper course to take with
these cases. When objection is made, they are
passed over as any other case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Tennessee to move to confirm the
reports of the Court of Claims in the case called.
If anygentleman objects to confirmingthnt report,
the Chair will hold that all debate is out of order,
and will proceed to call the next case on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. WARREN. I understood the gentleman
from Tennessee to propose to take up all these
cases reported adversely, and to concur with the
Court of Claims on all of them in a mass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman mis-
understood me. My proposition was, that the
first case should be called, and if there were no ob-
jection, that it should be reported to the House
with a recommendation that the House agree with
the recommendation of the Court of Claims; but
if any gentleman object to its being concurred in,
then the case goes over, and can be discussed in
future.
Mr. WARREN. I understand the gentleman
now; he is right about that. I am m favor of
taking up these cases as they occur, and, if no
objection be made, let the report of the Court of
Claims be confirmed. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] is right as to the question to
be submitted—whether the report of thcCouitof
Claims shall be confirmed or not. The reason
that induced mo to seek the floor was because I
misunderstood the gentleman from Tennessee. I
thought he proposed to take these claims all en
masse.
Mr. STANTON. What question is before the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is: Will the committee confirm the re-
port of the Court of Claims in the case of Fred-
erick Grilling? If anygentleman objects to taking
up and confirming that report, it will go over.
Mr. STANTON. Is it debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. Then I object to any debate
in reference to it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kehtucky. I will move
to postpone all of these cases reported from the
Court of Claims—this one and on, I
am compelled to take that course. I give as my
reason, that I do not think it becomes this House
to enter on the question of the confirmation of a
series of decisions which, by the law, becomes
conclusive on the party, while the House stands
confessedly without ever having seen any of the
documents connected with the transaction. It
is confessed here that the reports have not been
printed, and yet we are called upon to confirm
decisions which none of us have ever seen.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky as objecting?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes,-I ob-
ject; and move to postpone all of these cases.
Mr. RITCHIE. I would inquire whether the
reports of the Court of Claims have not already
been before the Committee of Claims, and by that
committee reported to the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that'these adverse reports from the Court of Claims
do not, under the rule of the House, go to the
Committee of Claims at all, but are placed on tho
Calendar of the House.
The case next on the Calendar was an adverse
report on the petition of Francis Picard, admin-
istrator of Pierre Ayott.
Mr. WARREN. By way of disposing of all
of these reports from the Court of Claims, I now,
in my place, object to the whole of them, for the
reason that I think we are acting very unadvis-
edly, inasmuch as we have not bcfoie us the evi-
dence on which the Court of Claims acted. I
object, therefore, to the whole of them, in mass
or individually.
Mr. GROW. I desire to appeal to the gentle-
man from Arkansas. These eases stand on the
Calendar, and may as well be disposed of to-day
as at any other time. If not, we will have to go
through the whole of them on every private bill
objection day, and every other private bill day;
they will block up the entire business on the Pri-
vate Calendar. They might as well, therefore,
! be disposed of to-day. The proper motion would
be to lay these aside, with a recommendation that
the decision of the Court of Claims be confirmed.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Arkansas as objecting
in the case of Francis Picard ?
Mr. WARREN. I do object, unqualifiedly;
and, if permitted, I will make this remark 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of ordfer;
and the Chair holds that objection in mass is out
of order.
Mr. WARREN. Well, take them seriatim;
and I am ready, in my place, to object to them ail.
The CHAIRMAN. The next case is an ad-
verse report from the Court of Claims upon the
petition of Francis Picard,administrator of Pierre
Ayott.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. WARREN. I object to the case.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I presume the gen-
tleman only objects to reporting the ease to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The report has not been
•prin ted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But the manu-
script report can be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Arkansas wants to hear the papers
in this case read, so that he can form an opinion
as to the correctness of the judgment of the court.
That is what we all want.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will ex-
cuse the Chair, he will state that he understands
thf gentleman from Arkansas to object to the con-
sideration of the case. The Chair therefore rules
that the case cannot be taken up.
Mr.WARREN. I would like the Chairman and
the House to indulge me while I state the grounds
of my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is in order only by
unanimous-consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I wish to make
a suggestion.
Mr, CLEMEN'S objected.
The next report on the Calendar was from the
Court of Claims upon tho petition of George ~W.
Dow and John Ditmas.
Mr.KBLSEY objected. _
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. 1 move that the
