m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
committee pass over the'adverse reports from the
Corrt of Claims and take up for consideration the
bit! which immediately follows them. From that
bill the committee can then go on with a hope of
accomplishing something.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done only by
unanimous consent;
Mr. GREENWOOD objected.
Mr. L.EITER. I rise to a point of order. When
gentlemen are decided out of order I insist that
debate shall not be allowed.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a point of order. I
was not permitted to stale the reasons for my ob-
jection, and as gentlemen cannot be permitted to
debate the reports as they come up, and not caring
to vote without understanding the question, I ob-
ject to the report now before the committee.
The next case was an adverse report from the
Court of Claims upon the petition of Daniel Van-
winkle. *
Mr. WARREN objected.
The next case was an adverse report from the
Court of Claims upon the petition of Joseph Lor-
enger.
Mr. WARREN objected.
The next case was an adverse report from the
Court of Claims upon the petition of Michael Musy
and Andre Galtier.
Mr. KELSEY. Is it in order to move that that
ease be referred to the Committee of Claims, with
instructions that they report a bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; for it would be
in ihe nature of an objection.
Mr. CLEMENS objected.
The next case was an adverse report from the
Court of Claims upon the petition of Henry G.
Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb.
Mr. GROW. As it will take all of the day to
go through with these reports from the Court of
Claims, I suggest that the Calendar be proceeded
with, commencing with the first case immediately
after them.
Tho CHAIRMAN. That can be done only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is evident that the com-
mittee will do nothing; and I therefore move that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division, ayes 70, noes 62.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Branch reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had, according
to order, had the Private Calendar under consid-
eration, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HICICMAN moved that when the House
adjourn?!, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tho yeas and
nays. -
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, STANTON. I nse to a question of oidcr.
I submit that this motion to adjourn over cannot
be entertained again; and I hope that the House
will settle the question for the present Congiess,
and establish a practice different from that which
prevailed at the last Congress. It is perfectly1
apparent, if this motion to adjourn over can be
lepeated on the same day, that nothing can be
done on Fridays. I raise tho question of order
with a view to take an appeal fu>m the decision
of the Chair, if the Chair entertains the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ob-
jection, and entertains the motion.
Mr. STANTON- I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and ask for the yeas and nays upon
sustaining the appeal.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion.
There seems to be a general desire to test the
question, and we may as well meet it squarely.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I renew the
motion to lay upon the table. The decision of the
Chair is clearly right.
Mr. FOSTER, i should like to know what the
former usage and tfhat the rule is?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will report the
rule.
"A motion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day to
which tlw House shall adjourn, phall be always in Older. !
These motions, and the motion to lie on the table, shall be
decided without debate."
The decision of the Chair is in conformity with
the practice of the House certainly for the last ten
years, with a single exception during that time,
when the Speaker decided that it was in order to
repeat the motion, and the House overruled the
decision. That has been tho uniform practice.
Mr. STANTON. I would ask whether, during
the last Congress, it was not decided differently,
and that practice adhered to?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. STANTON. It was at some time, and I
supposed it was during the last Congress.
Mr, MORGAN. We have voted once upon
this motion to adjourn over, and I ask if it would
be in order to move to reconsider that vote and to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion would not be in order, if the former
decision of the Chair be correct.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the Chair hold that
this question is open to debate? If so, I desire to
say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the motion
to lay the appeal on the table is not debatable, and
if it had not been made, the motion would not be
debatable, the lule declaring that it should be de-
cided without debate.
Mr. WARREN. Will it be in order to amend
the motion in regard to the time of adjournment?
I wish to move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet at ten o'clock on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
lay the appeal upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn until Mon-
day next.
Mr. WARREN. I now move myamendmont.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. The
amendment cannot bp in order, as it changes the
rule of the House as to the hour of meeting, which
cannot be done on a motion to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order taken by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and rules the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas out of order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 94; as follows:
YHAS—Mocpis. Alii, Andrew--. liatk^dalo, Bishop, Hlair,
Bowie, Povee, Biaueh, Br} an, Builm<rame, Burnett, Bur-
lotigh-., Campbell, Chapman, Kzra Cl.uk, John B. (.Mark,
Claj , ClniiMii.in, John Coelnane, Connns, Coming, Co vudu,
Co\, James Ciaiy, Button Crawtoid, Davukon,
Davis ot'Maiyland,l)avih of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davn ~oi Iowa, Dimmk-k, i)odd. Edit', Edmund-on,
Elliott, lhiali^b, EuMh, Cnulkner, Floi< nee, Foley, Gilhs,
till man, Coyde, Goodwin, Jiawieneo VV. Hall, llas-
km, Hatch. Ilawkili-,, Hickman, Hill. Hopkins, Hughes,
IIiijIn, Jack-con, Jenkins. Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, L;iiuai,
Handy, l,eidy. Lejehei, M.ieluy, MeQuccn, Miles, Alont-
gomeiy, Monill, ttdw.ud Jov Mom-,, ,'V\ ton, Phillip-;, Pow-
ell, Uuitmau, Reagan, Ueilly, Rieaml, Ritchie, Russell, Sea-
ring, Aaton Hli.iw, Hhoiter, Sic kit:-, Singleton, Robeit
Smith, William Smith. Stallwouli, Stephen*, Stevenson,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Thomp-on. Hndeiwnod, Ellihu f>.
Washbuinc. Israel" Washburn, White. Wiutcley, Wilson,
Woodson, Woitondykc, Augu^tus> It. Wnght, and Zollicoi-
loi —101.
NAYS—Messts. Abbott, Adiam, Anderson, Atkins, "Bing-
ham, I3!i*_-, i.oeoek, Biavion, i>ullmton, Bums, Ca^e, Chaf-
fee, dawson,Clemen <,Cobb, CI at k 15. Coelnane, Cotkcnll,
Col tax, Cun) . Cum--, Dean, Do wart, Dick, Dow dell, Dur-
fee, Kiii n-woitii. Fo-ter, Cai tit'll, Guldmes, Giari et,Gioes-
beek, (Low, Hat Ian. tioaid, Hoiton, Houston, {toward,
Jewctt, Gooige W. Jones, J. Giauey Jones, Kellogsj, Kel-
sey, Kilyoie. Knap]), Lawienee, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy,
i Humpiuoy Mai.-diuil, Maynaid, Miller, Mill-on, Morgan,
Rieenian II Moib.p, (hiver A Morse, Mott, Muttay, Nib-
lack. (Jim, Pa!in< i, Parker, Pendleton. Phelps, Pike, Potter,
Pottie, Pmvuinee, Ready, Robbing Robert?, Royce, Ruffin,
Savage, Sen aid. lJeniy M. Shaw, John Shot man, fckimnci,
Stanton. James A. Stewair, William Srewait, Talbot, 'Pap-
pan, George Taylor,TompkinVJVippe, Wade, \Vall)iid«e,
Waldion, Walton, Wanen. Cadwaladei C. Was-hburne,
Watkms, Window, and John V. Wnght—04.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KEITT stated that Mr. Garnett was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. ICE ITT. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw that motion for a moment, that I may
make a motion to reconsider.
Mr. KELTT. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to make a
motion to reconsider, if it be in order; but, before
I make the motion, I desire to know-—amotion to
reconsider being made yesterday and laid upon
the table—-whether it would be in order to move to
reconsider the vote laying it upon the table ?
TheSPEAKER. A second reconsideration can-
not be obtained.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I, of course,
will not make my motion.
PATAPSCO RIVER, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the improvement of the
navigation of the Patapscoviver, and to render the
port of Baltimore accessible to war vessels and
steam frigates of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that the
rules be suspended, affd that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KEITT. I renew my motion to adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Maine.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to withdraw his motion, and let us proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No, sir; lean-
not withdraw it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (at two o'clock
and five minutes, p. m.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. No business has been trans-
acted since that motion was negatived.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. "What became
of the motion of the gentleman from Maine?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Keitt] made the motion to adjourn
after the motion of the gentleman from Maine had
been received.
Mr. KEITT. Well, I call for a division on my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The call for a division comes
too late. The result of the vote has been an-
nounced.
Mr. KEITT. I move, then, that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Maine takes precedence of that motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the object of the gentle-
man from Maine is to consider the appropriation
bills, I will say to him that my colleague, [Mr. J.
Giancy Jones,] the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, is not in the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know that, sir; I only
desired to give the information to the gentleman
from Maine and the House.
Mr. ICEITT. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. GiDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw his motion, for
I know that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] of the Commitl.ee on Military Affairs,
is exceedingly anxious to get up his bill for the
four new regiments. I call upon that gentleman
to come forward now. The country is suffering.
He told us so three weeks ago, when he wanted
to close debate on the President's message. I
hope he will come forward now and bring up his
bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. WARREN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Messrs. Florence and Billinghurst were ap-
pointed as tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and naysj
but subsequently withdrew the demand.
The motion for a call of the House was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the stato of the Union, (Mr. Winslow in the
