248*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
that the gentleman was too late. The bill has
< passed from the jurisdiction of the committee.
- -Mr. WALBRIDGE. I got up as soon as I
possibly could after the Clerk had finished the
reading of the report of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. "The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman.
' Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object to the bill, then.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman's objection
comes too late.
JOB STAFFORD.
A bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Job
Stafford, of the State of New York.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Pensions
to issue to Job Stafford, of New York, a bounty-
land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, the same to be held, located, or assigned,
*s if it had issued in the ordinary way, on ap-
plication under existing laws.
It appears from the report that from 1823 to
1833, Job Stafford received six dollars per month,
and from 1833 to this time he has been receiving
eight dollars per month, as a pension on account
of the fracture of one of his legs by a ball from
:he English gun-boats in Galliard creek, near the
ttouth of Bosquet river, on the 13th ofMay, 1814.
He applied for bounty land under the act of 1855;
the third scction of which declares that in no
case shall any such certificate or warrant be is-
sued for any service less than fourteen days, ex-
cept when the person shall actually have been
engaged in battIr. It further appears that Staf-
ford volunteered on the 12th of May, went into
this light on the next day, and was wounded, and
for six months thereafter confined to his house in
consequence of the wound, not entering the ser-
vice again. The Pension Office rejected his ap-
plication for bounty land; first, because he did
not serve fourteen days; and, secondly, because,
in the opinion of the Commissioner, the affair at
the Bosquet, on Lake Champlain, was a mere
skirmish, which could not be dignified with the
rame of u battle," so as to bring the applicant I
within the terms of the law.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ELISABETH M'BUIEU.
A bill (II. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliza-
beth McBrier, surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughry, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue land scrip in eighty-acre certificates, receiv-
able in pay merit for public lands at any of the land
offices in the United States, in favor of Elizabeth
McBrier, only surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughrey, deceased, or to herorder,for
an amount, equal to six thousand six hundred and
sixty-six acres and two thirds of an acre of land
which may be located on land subject to private
entry, at $1 25 per acre, or less.
It appears from the report that the Common-
wealth of Virginia, on the 2d of January, 1781,
yielded to tho Congress of the United States, for
the benefit of the States, all right, title, and claim
which the Commonwealth had to tho territory
north westof the river Ohio, subject to the condi-
tions annexed to the act of cession; which act of
cession, with the conditions annexed, the Con-
gress ofthcUnited States accepted, among which
conditions was the following: " Thataquantity,
not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand
acres, of land, promised by the State of Virginia,
should be allowed and granted to the then Colonel
(now General) George Rogers Clark, and to the
Officers and soldiers of his regiment who marrhed
with him when the posts of fvasknskias and St.
Vincent were reduced, and to the officers and sol-
diers that have since been incorporated into the
said regiment; to be laid off in one tract, the length
of which not to exceed double the bieadth, in such
place on the northwest side of the Ohio as a ma-
jority of the officers shall choose, and to be after-
wards divided among the said officers and soldiers
in due proportion, according tu the laws of Vir-
ginia."
. It further appears that Colonel Archibald
Loughrey, father of the above-named claimants,
some time during the summer of 1781, raised sev-
eral companies of volunteers, .of which he was
chosen commander, for the purpose of joining the
. force-s of General George Rogers Clark m the
expedition against the Mohawk and Seneca In-
dians, inhabiting the country now belonging to
Ohio. Tjhat in August, 1781, he marched, with
his men to Wheeling, Ohio, expecting to join the
forces under General Clark; but when he and his
men arrived at Wheeling, they found General
Clark had left that place a few days before they
arrived, but had left boats for Colonel Loughrey
und his men to follow them. TKat they took the
boats thus left for them, but somewhere near the
mouth of the Big Miami river Colonel Loughrey
and his men landed to cook and eat some food,
and were attacked by a large body of Indians, and
Loughrey and a number of his men were killed,
and the remainder taken prisoners by the Indians,
and never joined the forces under General Clark,
as was intended.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no objection, and
the bill will be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
The Clerk will read the next bill.
Mr. COBB. I presume it is now too late for
me to object to that bill.
TheCHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. COBB. I am not a very young man, and
I cannot jump up with rapidity enough to get an
objection in time. ' This bill has been before the
committee of which I am a member, four times,
and has been rejected every time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair heard no ob-
jection made to this bill before it was laid aside
to be reported to the House.
JOHN B. HAND.
An act (S. No. 136) for the relief of John B.
Hand.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the heirs of John B. Hand, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropna- (
ted, the sum of $1,340. |
It appears, from the report, that Mr. Hand be- j
came tho purchaser of certain Indian reservations j
under the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, and !
paid to the Indians, according to contract, fifty |
cents per acre for the land so purchased. After- j
wards the President of the United States (General ;
Jackson) directed the patents to be withheld until
Hand should pay an additional sum of seventy-
five cents per acrc. This Hand agreed to do. In
December, 1838, A. A. Kincannon, Esq., was ap-
pointed an agent by the President to investigate,
adjust, and settle the matter in dispute, growing
out of the purchase of these reservations. To this
agent Hand paid the additional seventy-five cents
per acre; and Kincannon reported the payment to
the Department, lie failed, however, to account
for the money, and subsequently died insolvent.
The Department refused to acknowledge the va-
lidity of the payment, and requhed Hand again
to pay seventy-five cents per Acrc for the land, i
which he did, protesting that it was unjust. The
official correspondence exhibits the facts that Kin-
cannon was the agent of the Government; that he
received the money, a part on the 6th of February,
1840, and the balance on the 22d of February,
1841; and thatno objection was made to its recep- j
tion until March, 1843. Then, for the first time,
the Secretary of War notified the agent that the
currency m which the payment was made had
depreciated, and that the Government would not
receive it.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
M. M. MAKMADUKE.
A hill (EI. R. No. 505) for the relief of M. M.
Marmadukc and others.
Mr. ICELSEY. I have an amendment to offer
to that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it. J
BREVET MAJOR JAMES L. DONALDSON. |
An act (S. No. 145) for the relief of Brevet j
Major James L. Donaldson, assistant quarter- |
master, (Jnitcd States Army. ■
The bill directs the proper accounting officers I
of the Treasury Department, in settling the ac- ;
counts of Brevet Major .Tames L. Donaldson, to
allow him a credit for $400, being the amount of;
public funds stolen while in his possession as 1
acting assistant quartermaster of the Army, near 1
Monterey, in Mexico, on the I0th*of Octobcr, ■
i>316. ;
The hill was laid aside to be reported to the 1
Hou^ej with a recommendation that it do pass i
HORATIO BOULTBEE.
A bill (H. R. No. 506) for thef relief of Horatio
Boultbee.
The bill appropriates, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $515 to the
administrator of Horatio Boultbee, deceased, be-
ing payment in full for a stack of wheat belong-
ing to Boultbee, which was burned by the troops
of the United States on the 21st of February, 1847,
at Agua Nueva, in Mexico.
It appears, from the statement of Brigadier
General Worth, made at New York, in August,
1848, that, while he was in command of the ad-
vance of Major General Taylor's army, the peti-
tioner was employed by the quartermaster's de-
partment to collect supplies of flour, corn, and
forage, fortheuseofTayior's army. TheGcneral
states that, in compliance with this engagement,
the petitioner made a deposit of unthrashed wheat
at Agua Nueva, over which a guard was placed
to insure its safety, by General Butler, at the in-
stance of General Worth. An order from Major
General Butler, dated 2d January, 1847, is pro-
duced, which grants a safeguard to " the wheat
belonging to Mr. Boultbee, at Agua Nueva," as
having been "contracted for by the United States."
It appears that, in December, 1846, Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas, deputy quartermaster general,
saw several stacks of wheat at Acyua Nueva. He
left early in January, 1847, with Worth's division;
and lie refers to Captain Davis as one who was
there in February, 1847, acting as quartermaster
in Wool's division, and who piobably knew most
about it. Captain Davis testifies that one stack
of wheat was burned at Agua Nueva on the night
of the 21st February, 1847, by the troops of the
United States, and that it eontained, probably,
from one to two hundred bushels of grain—not
more. He testifies that he had an " accurate
knowledge" about this wheat, as his duties called
him to the hacienda of Agua Nueva every day.
He heard Boultbee setting up some contract as
having been made by him with General Worth's
command; but that contract " was not recognized
by the quartermaster m General Wool's com-
mand." The committee arc inclined to accept the
proof as persuasive sufficiently to the conclusion
that Boultbee had one stackof wheat, unthrashed,
at Agua Nueva, on the night of the 21st, and that
it was destroyed by the troops under General
Taylor's command. Colonel Humphrey Mar-
shall, who was in command at Agua Nueva, on
the night of the 21st February, 1847, and who saw
the conflagration at Agua Nueva, furnishes his
statement, which establishes the fact that a stack
of wheat straw, (supposed to contain grain) was
burn°d, but does not know who was the owner
of it.
The committee think that it may be accepted
as true, on the whole evidence, that the petitioner
had acquired a title to the wheat prior to its be-
ing burned. The only question which remained,
was to ascertain its probable quantity and value.
The petitioner files his own statement, and a de-
position from one Mexican who says he sold the
wheat to Mr. Boultbee at $— per caigo. How
much a 's cargo" is, the committee has no evi-
dence. It is technically " a load;" but how large
or small, the term itself docs not denote. Captain
Davis is positive that the quantity of wheat at
Agua Nueva did not exceed two hundred bush-
els in the grain. He does not place a value upon
it. The quantity estimated by Colonel Marshall,
from the volume of the stack, would show that
the estimate of the petitioner is exorbitant and
particularly extravagant. Under all the proof in
the case, the committee reports in favor of allow-
ing the petitioner for the wheat, the sum of $515,
which is at seventy cents per bushel for seven
hundred and fifty bushels.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the bill by striking out " $515," and in-
serting in heu thereof "$588 50." 1 move the
amendment upon the direction of the Committee
on Military Affaiis.
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, with au amendment.
WILLIAM B. DODD AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 507) for the relief of Wil-
liam B Dodd and others.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
