1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
to pay, out of the appropriation to complete the
road from MenHora to the Big; Sioux river, con-
tained m the act approved March 3,1855, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, and for other purposes," into the
hands of ^ , who is thereby appointed
a commissioner to dispose of the same, the sum
of $3,270, the same having: been estimated for in
said appropriation, and being for completing a
part of said road, to be paid out by him as fol-
lows, to wit: The said commissioner shall give
notice to all persons having claims against Wil-
liam B. Dodd, for labor or materials furnished in
the construction of said road, by publication in a
newspaper of general circulation in the neighbor-
hood where said road is situated, for ninety days,
and by posting written or printed notices in three
public places in each county through which said
road passes, to present and prove their claims
within ninety days aforesaid; and all such claims,
so presented and proved within the time limited,
shall be paid to the parties respectively, and the
residue, after the liquidation of such claims, and
the payment of the expenses of the commission,
shall be paid to the said William B. Dodd.
Mr. REAGAN. Is that a private bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is on the Calendar as
such, and it is for the relief of an individual.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I move to fill the
blank in the bill by inserting the name of Henry
A. Swift, of St. Peter's, Minnesota.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why is that?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then we had bet-
ter examine this bill, if it is not known.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make an explanation. The
report will explain the character of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that the report be read, and then the gentleman
can make his verbal explanation.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The bill was passed over.
At a subsequent time,
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota, said: The gen-
tleman from New York, I understand, withdraws
his objection to the explanation.
Mr. KELSEY. I willidiaw my objection if
the gentleman from Tennessee withdraws his ob-
jection to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw it
to hear what reason the gentleman can give why
he should substitute a name to fill the blank in
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I will merely say,
I move to fill the blank with the name of Henry
A. Swift, that is all. I now ask that the report
be read for the information of the House.
The report which was read shows that the me-
morialist was engaged in the construction of a pri-
vate road from Rockbond, a short distance above
Traverse des Sioux, to St. Paul. While thus en-
gaged, Captain J. L. Reno, brevet captain of the
ordnance department, in surveying the military
road provided for by act of Congress, known as
the Big Sioux and Mendota military road, came
upon the road being constructed by the memo-
rialist, and adopted it as a part of the said mili-
tary road provided for by act of Congress. The
petitioner was to have been paid for said private
road by subscription, previous to its adoption by
the Government; but $300, however, were sub- |
scribed for the same up to (he time Captain Reno
adopted it as a part of the Government road. After
such adoption, Captain Reno having estimated
the cost of the same, embraced it in the estimate
for the completion of the military road, and, upon
such an estimate, Congress made an appropria-
tion for the same. In Executive Document No.
97, first session, Thirty-Third Congress, will be
found, in Captain Reno's report, the following
reference to it:
"Opposite Traverse des Sioux we struck a road,
newly cut, from Rockbend (a shortdistance above
Traverse des Sioux) to St. Paul, by Captain Dodd,
of Minnesota. This gentleman, with a surveyor
and ten men and two teams, had been employed
one hundred and nine days m cutting out this road
and bridging the streams. It materially assisted
our survey, andenabledustogetthroughthe ' Big
Woods 'several weeks sooner than we would other-
wise havedone withoutthis, ouronly guideamong
this unexplored labyrinth of lakes and marshes.
" I have included in the estimates the cost of
cutting out this road, and take pleasure in recom-
mending that Captain Dodd and his party be paid
for their labor out of the appropriation for making
the Mendota military road. In his estimate,
which was before Congress at the time it made
the appropriation, which is found in the same
document, he has a distinct item: * Add, for cost
of Dodd's road, &c., &c., $3,270.' M The evi-
dence before the committee satisfactorily proves
that the actual expense incurred by Captain Dodd
in making that road exceeded that sum. It is
proven that Dodd never received a cent but $300
by private subscription, the adoption of the same
by the Government having obviated the necessity
of subscriptions. The committee think that the
intention of Congress, in making the appropria-
tion including this item, was, that the memorial-
ist should be paid for the road constructed by
him. The committee accordingly report a bill to
carry out the intent of the previous act, the ac-
counting officer having refused to pay the said
Dodd the cost of said road. The bill, it will be
found, appoints a commissioner to disburse the
said amount. This is done in order to secure to
the workmen employed on the same the amount
due them for their labor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then objected to by Mr. Morgan.
ELEAZER WILLIAMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief ofEleazer
Williams, sole heir of Mary Ann Williams, and
Thomas Williams, deceased. [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
WILLIAM B. DRAPER.
A bill (II. R. No. 509) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of William B. Draper. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
GEORGE H. HOWELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of George
H. Howell. _
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
to pay, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Dr. George II. How-
ell,an assistantsurgeon in the Navy, the increased
pay attaching to his increased rank as assistant
surgeon, from the commcncementofhis increased
rank to the time of the actual issue of his com-
mission from the Navy Department.
The report shows that the petitioner, at the
time of the examination of other assistant sur-
geons of his date, was absent on a cruise off the
coast of Africa, from which he could not return
until seven months after said examination. Upon
his return he was examined and promoted, but
allowed pay only from the date of the actual is-
suing of his commission from the Department,
and not from the date of his increased rank,
making a balance as against him of $298 61.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
NEHEMIAH S. DRAPER AND OTHERS.
A bijl (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of Nehe-
miah S. Draper and William Holden, hcirs-at-
law of Mary Draper, deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Nchemiah S. Draper and William Hol-
den, of Providence, Rhode Island, heirs-at-law
and legal representatives of Mary Draper, de-
ceased, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $1,416 66, for
money due to her as the widow of Paul Draper,
late a captain's clerk in the Navy.
The report states that Paul Diaper, formerly
of Providence, Rhode Island, was a captain's
clerk in the Navy of the United States, and was
on board the United States ship L'lnsurgente,
in the year 1800, when she was lost at sea with
all on board; that he left a widow, Mary Draper,
who died on the 3d March, 1853, and children,of
whom the petitioner is the only survivor; and that
William Holden, a grandchild, and the petitioner,
are the only heirs-at-law of Paul Draper, and of
his widow, Mary Draper.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to tho House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
ELIJAH CLOSE.
A bill (H. R. No. 513) for the relief of Elijah
Close, of Tennessee.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Elijah Close, of Washington
county, Tennessee, on the list of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 3d of December, 1855, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
The report states that the petitioner, Elijah
Close, enlisted in the service of the United States
at Germantown, North Carolina, on the 10th of
August, 1812, for the term of five years;' was
marched to the Canadafrontier, where, during the
war with Great Britain, he participated in four
engagements with the enemy, one of which was
at Plattsburg. After active service on the Canada
frontier was over, he was transferred to the bar-
racks at Carlisle, Pennsylvania, where, during
the month of August, 1815, whilst irf the service
of the United States, he sustained severe injuries
to his left side by a fall from the barracks, which,
from some cause, appears to have given way. The
fall bruised and injured his entire left side, and
was so severe that he lay insensible for many
weeks, and the injuries became permanent. lie
was subsequently honorably discharged.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
WILLIAM HOWELL.
^ A bill (H. R. No. 513) granting an invalid pen-
sion to William Howell, of Tennessee.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place t[ie name of William Howell, of Tennes-
see, on the invalid pension roll, and that he be
paid a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 23d of February, 1858,
and continuing during his life.
The report shows that, from the evidence filed,
William Howell enlisted on 15th July, 1812, for
eighteen months, under Captain Martin Hawkins,
in the twenty-seventh regiment of infantry; was
transferred shortly after-to the company of Cap-
tain Thornton S. Posey, in the same regiment.
Whilst on his way from Fort Knox to Fort Har-
rison, with a load of provisions for the army, he
was shot in the left breast by a ball fired from a
gun m the hands of an Indian;from the effects of
thatwound he has never recovered, but is now
wholly disabled from obtaining a living by man-
ual labor.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
CONRAD SCHROEDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 514) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Conrad Schroeder.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Conrad Schroeder, who was a
captain in the Louisville legion during the war
with Mexico, on the invalid pension roll, and pay
him a pension at the rate of $13 33 per month,
commencing on the 22d January, 1858, and con-
tinuing during life.
It appears from the report, that Conrad Schroe-
der was a captain in the Louisville legion, com-
manded by Colonel Ormsby, during the war with
Mexico; that at the time he left his home in Louis-
ville, Kentucky, for the seat of war, he was a
stout, hearty man, weighing two hundred and
sixty pounds; that m consequence of heat, water,
and marching through marshes, he became se-
verely afflictcd in his feet, to such an extent that
his big toe on the left foot bccame a running ulcer-
ous sore, and finally it became necessary to am-
putate it. After the amputation of the toe, he was
seized with congestion of the lungs, occasioned,
as the surgeons state, by the too sudden stoppage
of the ulcerous sore. He is now an invalid on
account of the hemorrhage of the lungs, as fully
appears by the sworn affidavits of S. N. Hall and
M. Pyles, who are certified to be physicians in
good standing. The evidence of service and dis-
ability is further sustained by the sworn affidavits*
of the lieutenants and sergeants who served under
Captain Schroeder.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
ALEXANDER S. BEAN.
A bill (H. R.-No, 515) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylvania.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Alexander S. Bean, of Penn-
