1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
878
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill (No. 3) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
•United States for the year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST. Mr. Chairman, the
President, in his annual message, recommends to
us the favorable consideration of the Pacific rail-
road. He speaks of the advantages of the south-
ern route, but expressly eschews a committal to
any particular route. The Secretary of War com-
mits himself to the southern route. He says the
grades are lower, the climate milder, and the dis-
tance across the desert region, common to all the
routes, is loss upon this. He also says the dis-
tance from El'Paso to the Colorado, besides being
the shortest of all yet surveyed, possesses very
decided advantages over others, in several im-
portant particulars.
"Without being opposed to a southern route,
or a middle, I am in favor of the northern route,
from the head of Lake Superior to Pugct Sound,
and take this early occasion to say that, in my
opinion, no bill can, or ought to pass this Con-
gress that does not provide for this northern road.
1 am willing to vote for a bill that shall furnish
equal facilities for three roads, leaving to the wis-
dom of capital the choice of lines for investment.
Does the Secretary of War intend to impress
Congress and the country with the idea that the
Pacific railroad is complete when the four hundred
and seventy-two miles between El Paso and the
Colorado, are furnished with a trader Why,
sir, that link is less than one quarter of the road
necessary, and without the balance this link is
useless. Perhaps he assumes that the southern
Pacific through Texas, a distance of eight hundred
miles, is completed. Sir, a most violent assump-
tion. Five years ago a grant of sixteen square
miles, and t\\ o yeais since $G,000 in money per
mile, was given by Texas in aid of this road, and
just now, with all this aid, about twelve miles of
the road is completed, and most, of that has been
done by assignees of the company, and but slightly
done, and under the great pressure of a forfeiture
of charter, if twenty-five miles is not in running
order by next month. What guaianty has the
General Government that any road in that lati-
tude, which may icceive its favors, will be prose-
cuted with any belter success? Without Gov-
ernment aid, by pnvate capital alone, m these five
years, the other States of the Union hare built
over twelve thousand milus of road, the equivalent
of more than one per annum, or six lines of rail-
road to the Pacific. The chief sustenance of a
Pacific railroad is to be drawn from the commerce
of the Pacific ocean. To secure that commerce,
the road must terminate at a good sea-port—-a
good harbor. Neither San Diego or San Pedro
being such harbor,we must look to San Francisco,
Astoria, or Puget Sound—the bust of these is
Pugct Sound. In considering the southern route,
San Francisco must be regarded as its western
terminus. I propose to speak briefly of this south-
ern route, that has been so carefully nursed by the
War Department for the past thiec or four years,
and to contrast it with the northern route, and
then to appeal to the wisdom of Congress and the
country in behalf of the only route that presents
anything inviting to the capital of the country.
in all Government calculations it is assumed
that Fulton, on the Arkansas,is the easteni termi-
nus of the southern route.
Mr. CURTIS. If you add the distance from
Fulton to the navigable waters of the Mississippi,
you may give two hundred miles more.
Mr. BILLINGHUIIST. It is true, that from
Fulton to the Mississippi liver is over two hun-
dred miles—about two hundred and fifty.
Mr. COBB. I would state to the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] that these two hun-
dred miles of road will be completed very soon.
Mr. CURTIS. I am very glad to hear that.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. If it takes five years
to build twelve miles in this latitude, as it lias in
Texas, it is a matter of simple calculation how
long it will take to build two hundred and fifty
miles.
Passing west we cross the Llano Estacado, an
elevated barren tabic land one hundred and fifty
miles across; one hundred and ten of which is at an
altitude of four thousand five hundred feet. This is
the plain where the Government is sinking money
in Artesian wells. To traverse this and other bar-
ren plains on this route, and to supply these wells
with water, the Government has been importing
camels and dromedaries. From this plain to In-
dependence Springs, the altitude varies from four
thousand one hundred and fifty to four thousand
five hundred feet; thence through Guadalupe Pass,
a distance of twenty-four miles, from four thou-
sand five hundred to five thousand seven hundred
and sixteen feet. Passing on at high altitudes, we
approach Hueco Pass, the summit of which is four
thousand eight hundred and eleven feet; and, for
a distance of twenty-eight miles, approaching and
leaving this pass, the altitude is above four thou-
sand five hundred feet; from thence to Molino,
near El Paso, on the Rio Grande, there isagiadual
descent to thiec thousand eight hundred and thirty
feet. Between El Paso and Primas village, on the
Gila, two hundred and seventy-two miles of the
whole distance, exceeds four thousand five hun-
dred feet in elevation; the greatest altitude being
five thousand four hundred and seventy-six feet.
I next strike the line one hundred and twenty
miles west of the Colorado, approaching the San
Gorgonio Pass, on a grade of forty feet per nnle
for ten miles; then, with a grade of eighty-nine
feet per mile for six miles, to the summit of the
pass at an altitude of two thousand eight hundred
and eight feet, bordered by mountains nine thou-
sand feet hi«;h. Il then descends to San Barnardo,
a distance of twenty-five miles, at a grade of eighty
feet per mile, with one third of a mile at one hun-
dred and twenty-seven feet grade. Thence, sev-
enty-eight miles to San Fernando Pass, which is
approached by more than four miles on an as-
cending grade of one hundred and fifty-five feet to
the nnle, tunneled one thud of a mile at an ele-
vation of one thousand seven bundled and forty-
six feet; and descended from at a grade of one
hundred and fifteen feet per mile four miles, with
heavyanddifHcultside-cutting; thence seven miles
with an ascending grade of fifty-five feet per mile.
The next remarkable feature is the New Pass of
Lieutenant Williamson, m the valley of the Santa
Clara, the summit of which is three thousand one
hundred and sixty-four feet above the sea—re-
quiring a cut in the summit of fifty feet, with grades
for a distance of twenty-nine miles, varying be-
i tween fifty-five and one hundred and five feet;
also requiring two or three tunnels through spurs
of the mountain. Indeed, the natural slope on the
east is two hundred and forty and two hundred and
eighteen feet, the distance of one and one third
miles. The next is the Tay-ee-chay-pah Pass (in
the Sierra Nevada)—elevation of summit, four
thousand and twenty feet; ascending to it from the
] Tulares valley in fifteen and a half miles, with
grades varying from one hundred and fifty-three
to one hundred and ninety-two feet, and descend-
ing nine miles, at eighty feet per mile. Between i
Tay-ee-chay-pah Pass and Kern river, ten miles i
of the distance require a grade of seventy-eight j
feet per mile. From the crossing of Kei n river to j
San Francisco is two hundred and seventy miles. |
Of this portion of the route I will not speak, as I j
have no reliable data. The length of the road from j
Fulton to San Francisco is computed to be two ;
thousand and fifty-eight miles. Of this distance '
j four hundred and tlni ty-four miles is ascertained
| to be at an altitude exceeding four thousand five
; hundred feet. The sum of ascents and descents
\ on this line is forty-two thousand nine hundred ! It is highly probable that a more thorough ex-
• and thirty-four feet. The absence of water; the J amination of this dividing ridge will discover
! alserce of vegetation; in fact, the absence of soil l| more favorable passes than any yet known. The
1 in five or six hundred miles of this route, render i eastern approaches to the most difficult of these
i it incapable of settlement, and consequently un- j; passes does not exceed sixty feet per mile gra-
( inviting to that capital, which is indispensable in i j dients; nor the western, forty feet; and these high
! tho construction of railroads. |i grades extend but a few miles fiom the summit.
I have not yet done with the southern route, but |j Here, in a distance of twelve hundred and twenty
In a straight line to PugetSound, the distance is
thirteen hundred and eighty miles; by the rail-
road route explored by Governor Stevens, via Fort
Vancouver, nineteen hundred and seventy-five
miles; and by the Cceur d'Alene route to Fort
Vancouver, eighteen hundred miles.
From Fond duLac Superior as a starting point,
at an elevation of six hundred and thirty feet above
tide waters, it strikes the Missouri at Fort Union,
in latitude 480 north, at an elevation of two thou-
sand feet above the ocean. Guadalupe Pass, on
the southern route, is directly south of Fort Union,
and in latitude 32°, being eleven hundred and
twelve miles south, and is elevated three thousand
seven hundred and sixteen feet above Fort Union.
Fort Union is seven hundred and twenty-five
miles from Lake Superior, and the rise in that dis-
tance is thirteen hundred and seventy feet. Ex-
tending west, via the valley of the Milk river, to
Fort Benton on the Missouri, in latitude 470 north,
the elevation is two thousand three hundred and
twenty-nine feet, being a further elevation of three
hundred and twenty-nine feet in three hundred
and seventy-five miles. From thence to the sum-
mit of the divide at Lewis and Clark's Pass, Ca-
dotte's Pass, and Lieutenant Mullen's Pass,
(sometimes called Hell Gate Pass,) west of what
is known as the " Gate of the Mountain," a dis-
tance of one hundred and twenty miles, we attain
an elevation ranging, according to different meas-
urements, between five thousand five hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six thousand two hundred
and twenty-three feet. Lewis and Clark's Pass
can be passed by a tunnel two and a half miles
in length, one thousand feet below the summit;
Cadotte's Pass the same; and Mullen's Pass be-
tween the sources of the Little Prickly Pear and
the Little Blackfoot rivers, with a cut of one hun-
dred feet, not exceeding one half mile in length.
It is safe to assume, from a careful examination
of all the reports of explorations of this dividing
ridge between the head waters of the Missouri
and the Columbia, that the railroad track will not
be elevated above five thousand feet, and at that
i elevation not exceeding two and a half miles.
! Here is what Lieutenant Mullen says of the
| Pass I have designated as his:
I " On the seventh night from Fort Benton, F encamped at
the foot ot the mountains on the east, forming the dividing
iidgeof the Missoun and Columbia waters. The day fol-
lowing (March 25, 1834) 1 crossed the mountain with no
difficulty whatever; found no snow upon its summit, and
the mountain itself nothing more than alow prairie rid#?.
The accent and descent are so exceedingly gradual, that not
only was it not necessary to lock the wheels of liie wagon
in descending, hut it was driven with the animals irotnng.
[lie was uavehng with a four mule team J One could
bcarcely have believed that there existed such a beautiful
and easy pa-^ m the mountains. For a railroad it would in-
volve a cut of one hundicd feet deep and half a mile long,
wlueh was the moa«.uu d distance from base to base." * *
From the mountains to tho Bitter Root valley you have
a gently sloping valley the whole distance."
Of Cadotte's Pass, Lieutenant Saxton thus
speaks in his journal:
" September 7,1833.—Crossed the last dividing ridge of
the mountains, and aic encamped upon a small creek upon
the eastern fide, one of the head brauehes of the Missouri.
The ridge which divides the waters flowing into the At-
lantic [join those flowing into the Pacific, at the place where
we crowed, h but a high hill, and it i& n< t more than a mile
m a straight lino between the sources of the Columbia and
• the Mi-soui i. Nature seems to have intended it for one of
the gic<il highway* acio^s the continent.
j " The mountains at this point, offer no obstacle to the con-
j struetion of a rndroad from tins place to the Flathead village.
• With me exception ot one mountain,easily to be avoided, a
i finer icgion through which to build a road can nowhere be
found.''
shall have more to say of it before I take my scat,
What I have said, and shall say, is in no spirit of
animosity to it; but that I feci compelled to make
some contrasts, in order to do that justice to tho
northern route which it has failed to receive at the
hands of the War Department.
Mr. Chairman, I shall now proceed to a very
brief consideration of the northern route.
The great chain of the northern lakes furnish
at hand a water communication more than half
way across the continent. The head of Lake Su-
perior is the natural starting point for a railroad.
miles from the head of Lake Superior to the Rocky
N Mountain Pass, the rise is only four thousand
\\ four hundred feet, or three and one half feet per
ji mile. But in the eleven hundred miles to Port
jf Kenton, the rise is only sixteen hundred and fifty-
nine feet, or one foot and a half per mile. From
i; Fort Benton to the summit, one hundred and
ii twenty-three miles, the rise is two thousand six
fi hundred and seventy-one feet, or twenty-two fcot
! j per mile.
i On the mountain slopes there is an abundance
; of timber, just where it is most needed.
