1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
the operation of the previous question. This
being done will prove no hardship to anybody.
The matier is easily understood, and the session
is so rapidly drawing to a close that I shall trust
to the chance of getting a majority of votes for a
measure that I feel certain would improve upon
discussion.
My impression is that there can be not more
than one thousand persons who can claim land
under this bill. Originally there were about fif-
teen thousand privateersmen; many have died,
many have received land for services rendered on
board Government ships at some time during the
war, and hence arc not entitled under the pend-
, ing bill. Those who would be entitled under the
provisions of this bill are scattered broadcast over
the country.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the CJnion—
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. Chairman: I have risen to offer my views
on what I conceive to be a subject of transcendant
interest to the whole country, and especially to
my own constituents. 1 allude to the question of
a great continental railroad, from the Mississippi
vallev to the Pacific ocean. And in the outset,
I desire to meet an objection which is much in-
sisted on by those even who hold themselves out
as the friends of this great work; but which, if
admitted, is fatal to any work which will fulfill the
conditions of a continental railroad, in its broad
and national sense,and compel us to content our-
selves with a road sectional, and not national in
its location, and which, whilstit will subserve the
interests of that section of the country in which it
is located, but little, if any, better than the transit
routes across the Central American isthmus; it
will be useless to the country at large, and there-
fore cannot in any sense be considered a national
enterprise worthy of being undertaken by the Fed-
eral Government.
The objection to which I refer, and which has
been insisted upon so much by those who hold
themselves forth as the friends of a continental
road, is, that it is impracticable to construct a rail-
road north of the thirty-fifth parallel of latitude,
between the Mississippi river and the Pacific
ocean; and there are those who go so far as tq, as-
sert the impracticability of any route north of the
thirty-second parallel.
The alleged impracticability of any route north
of the lines I have named, is based upon the dif-
ficulties said to exist in the face of the countryto
be traversed, and the obstacles interposed by the
climate. I hope to be able to dispose of both of
these objections in a way that will be entirely sat-
isfactory to the country, and to show that there
is no natural obstacle, which may not be easily
overcome, to the construction of a road which will
traverse the center of the continent, upon a line
susceptible of settlement and cultivation through-
out its whole extent, and which will equally ac-
commodate the people of all sections of the Union,
find thus fulfill every condition required to make
it a great continental highway, which can justly
claim the power of the nation for its construction.
I contend that there is no greater fallacy than
the assertion that the line known as the central
route is impracticable for a railroad, or, indeed,
that any of the routes which have been spoken of
in the last few years are impracticable. The asser-
tion onginated doubtless in the rivalry between
the various routes proposed, and has been prop-
agated, as I shall show, unfairly by those whose
duty it was to examine and report truthfully in
regard to all. So far from its being true that there
is any natural obstacle which renders the central
route" impracticable, it is perfectly notorious that
from the time that a route to the Pacific became
a necessity it has been the only route which has
been used. It was the route by which the emi-
grants to Oregon reached that Territory, and by
it the golden State of California was peopled with
such unexampled rapidity1 that it has been re-
garded as a marvel of progress. Never, in the his-
tory of mankind, has such an empire arisen from
the wilderness as has grown up in the last decade
upon the shores of the Pacific; and the living
stream of population which has made this empire
has poured across the continent upon that belt of
territory known as the " central route," without
aid or protection from the General Government,
and indeed without a road except that which was
made by nature. More recently our armies have
marched across, and found no obstacle; even the
army of Colonel Johnston might have proceeded
to its destination byit for the destruction of the
grass by the Mormons, and the artificial barricades
with which they have defended the passes of the
mountains. Where were the obstacles so much
spoken of when these thousands of unprotected
emigrants, without other food for their horses and
cattle than the natural forage of the country, its
grasses, crossed these plains and the passes which
pierce its chains of mountains ? and why did they
roll across the central route, in preference to the
much vaunted routes on the thirty-fifth and thirty-
second parallels ? Because they only wished to
accomplish their journey, and had no political
objects to accomplish.
But it may be, and indeed has been, answered
that those emigrants crossed the central route in
the summer season; and that few have undertaken
it in winter, when, as it is alleged, it is utterly
impassable on account of snow. In comparing
this route with those of the thirty-fifth and thirty-
second parallels, it might be sufficient to reply that
no emigrant has passed over either of these routes
either in winter or summer; and the condemnation
would thus apply to all alike. But a better reply
I is, that the summer season is thebest for the over-
land journey; and for that reason the emigration
selects that season, and the central as the best
route. The objection to this route on the ground
that it is obstructed by snows has, however, been
so industriously and persistently urged as to re-
quire some attention. I call the attention of the
House to the fact that the climate of the western
part of this continent, like the western parts of the
continent of Europe, is much milder than that of
the eastern part. Italy, which is semi-tropical in
its climate, is in the same latitude as New Eng-
land; and the winter climate of Oregon, on the
Pacific, which is m the latitude of Maine, is as
mild as the winter climate of the Carolinas on the
Atlanfic. In forming a judgment, therefore, of
the climate of the mountain regions on the west-
ern part of this continent, there are many circum-
stances to be considered, and which must enter
into our calculations, without which, our conclu-
sions will necessarily be erroneous.
At this point I shall call the attention of the
House to a map of the " isothermal lines in North
America, as detei mined by the Smithsonian Insti-
tution," and published m the agricultural report
of the Patent Office for 1856. Upon this map are
marked, by lines stretching across the continent
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, the summer and
winter climate and the climate of the whole year.
And it will be seen that the winter climate of the
thirty-third parallel of latitude on the Atlantic
corresponds with the winter climate of the thirty-
sixth and thirty-seventh parallels of latitude of
the great mountain region of the western part
of the continent. The climate for the year of the
thirty-seventh parallel at the mouth of the Ches-
apeake bay corresponds with the climate for the
yearof the forty-eighth parallel in the great moun-
tain region of the West; and the line which marks
the winter climate of the thirty-seventh parallel
on the Atlantic strikes the Pacific at the forty-
ninth parallel and runs through the mountain
region of the West from the forty-first to the
forty-ninth parallel. The summer climaie of
Charleston corresponds with the summer climate
H of the western mountains in the forty-fourth par-
;! allel of latitude. These linos, however, do not
i j show the actual climate of the mountains, for that
ii is modified by the elevation of the mountains
'i themselves. Professor Henry, in the memoir on
I meteorology explanatory of this map, contained
m the same work and on page 483, speaking of
these lines, says:
" They do not, however, in all cases, exhibit the actual
temperature of tile surface, for m order to show their rela-
I tions, and render them comparable with each other and
with similar lines in other parts of the world, it is neces-
sary that the observed temperature in elevated positions
should be reduced to the level of the sea; and in the con-
struction of this map allowance lias consequently been
made for deei easing temperature of one degree for every
three hundred and thirty-three feet of altitude. The map,
therefore, will present to the eye the lines along which tile
temperature of the air would be equal for the periods men-
tioned, were we to suppose the mountain ranges entirely
removed and the air brought down to the level of the sea."
* * * * " These lines, at a glance, exhibit re-
markable curvatures, particularly in the western portion of
the United States, indicating a great increase of temper-
atuie in this region beyond that of the eastern and middle
portion."
It may be fairly estimated, from this data, and
from experience of travelers, that the highest ele-
vations in the great mountain region on the line
of the central route, do not give a greater degree
of cold in winter than is experienced in the New-
England States. Shall it be said that any diffi-
culties, by reason of cold or snow, can be found
in any part of New England to the construction
or operation of railroads ? There are probably
more railroads in successful operation in New
England than in any other part of the United
States of similar extent. , Jt is singular, but not
less true, that the further north you go in the Uni-
ted States, and the more snow you encounter, the
more railroads you find. This may be accounted
for on different grounds, not necessary to mention
here; but it is, nevertheless, a complete answer
to all the noise and nonsense we have heard about
the impossibility of building and operating a rail-
road upon the central route on account of snow
and cold. Away with this pretext! The snows
of Russia, which overwhelmed Napoleon's victo-
rious army of five hundred thousand men, and
annihilated his power in the hour of triumph,
doesnotimpede the railroad between Moscow and
St. Petersburgh; and, sir, it is idle and foolish to
say that we shall not be able to find men both will-
ing and capable of constructing and operating a
railroad on the great lines of commerce through
our continent. I repeat once more, that there is
no physical obstruction, and none occasioned by
the character of the climate, which makes the
central route impracticable. But it is not to be de-
nied that there is a great and formidable obstruc-
tion, and one which, for the present, I fear, is
insurmountable. This formidable and only diffi-
culty is the so-called Democratic organization, or
its representative, the present so-called Demo-
cratic Administration. So long as this organiza-
tion is represented by an Administration—that
is, so long as the so-called Democratic party is in
power—this nation will have no continental rail-
road. We might as well make up our minis to
this; and if we want such a road, we must first
put our hands to the work of breaking down this
organization, driving it from power, and thus
remove the only obstruction which prevents the
accomplishment of the greatest enterprise in the
world; which will enriah the nation beyond the
power of computation; which is to add to its
strength, and bind us to our sister States of the
Pacific with " hooks of steel."
I have said that the so-called Democratic party,
or Administration, was the obstruction, and the
only one, to building a central and therefore a na-
tional highway to the Pacific ocean. I will make
good my words by proofs. It is well known that
a majority of the members of that party are hostile
on principle to the Pacific railroad, and their feel-
ing upon this subject may be gathered from Sen-
ator Mason, of Virginia, who said, the other day,
in answer to a question of Mr. Gwin, that he
would rather lose California and our Pacific pos-
sessions than sacrifice the principle upon which
he opposed the construction of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. Mason is one of the repiesentative men of the
southern party which dominates the Democratic
organization and gives it law. These men will
vote for no railroad to the Pacific which is not, in
fact, a southern road; and some of them, I believe,
will not even vote for a southern road, unless it
shall be built south of our territories, and in some
foreign country. Nor will they allow the party
with which they act to place itself in a position to
support any national road.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. To what party
does the gentleman from Missouri refer, when he
says that there is a party organized in this coun-
try to build a railroad through the southern sec-
