1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States of the Union, for establishing and main-
taining agricultural colleges therein; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New Jersey, in favor of the advancement
of Lieutenant M. P. Maury to that position in
the Navy to which his distinguished services en-
title him; which were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am requested to present
the memorial of certain persons claiming to be
preemptors on the island of Rock Island in the |
State of Illinois. The memorial is signed by
Charles Lindsay, the attorney of seven persons,
who represent themselves as preemptors. They
claim to have certain rights of preemption to the
island of Rock Island, which has heretofore been
set apart as a military reservation. I have not in-
vestigated the merits of the question at all, but
present the memorial, and move its reference to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I have received a petition,
signed by Samuel Gardner, jr., of Brooklyn, in
the State of New York, in which he states that
he has made a valuable discovery bv which he is
enabled to turn on and light gas instantaneously
by the use of a galvanic current through the ma-
nipulations of telegraphic lines placed at any dis-
tance from the chandelier or other apparatus used
for conveying gas to the burners. For this dis-
covery he has obtained letters patent. In view
of the improvements of the Capitol, and of the
public buildings at the seat of Government, he is
of opinion that it would be very important to the
Government of the United States to have control
over his patent. He therefore submits a state-
ment to the Senate, and asks that a law may be
passed directing the purchase of his patent for
public use. I move that this petition be referred
to theCommittee on Public Buildings and Grounds;
afld, in view of the importance of the subject, I
move that the petition be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to; and the pe-
tition was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representatives of
John G. Mackall, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Sarah W.
Halsoy, and that she have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, Th.u Thomas R. Carman have leave to with-
draw his petition Diid papers.
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordrrcd, That the petition of Major Thomas B. Eastland,
en the files of the Senate, be referred to the Court of
Claims.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to contract forthetranspoitation
of the mails, tioops, seamen, munitions of war, Army and
Navy supplies, and all other Government t-ervjee, by rail-
road from the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the State
of California, be printed with the seveial amendments in-
tended to be pioposed thereto.
PEALE'S EQUESTRIAN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BIGLF/R submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
. sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to uiqune into the piopriety of purchasing the eques-
tiian portrait of Washington, by Rembrandt Poale, now on
exhibition m the llotauda of the Capitol.
MR. REED'S INSTRUCTIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revived, That tho President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public inteiest, to communicate to the
fcseuaf« a copv of the instructions which have been given to
YTiiham 13. Heed, the Commissioner of the United States in
China.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
236) granting publie lands to the Territory of
Xiausas, for the purpose of constructing certain
railroads therein; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. YXJLEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of John M. Hinton, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Arnold Harris and
S. F. Butterworth, sureties of Charles E. Ken-
dall, late postmaster at New Orleans, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 237) for
the relief of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. But-
terworth. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Lucretia Bell, heir of Jane Van Deen, widow
of Abraham Van Buskirk, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition ofThomas
R. Carman, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Mar-
tin Layman, reported a bill (S. No. 935) for the
relief of Martin Layman; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 212) for the relief of N. C. Weems,
of Louisiana, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a. report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Pubjic
Buildings and Grounds, leported a bill (S. No.
238) to authorize the United States to take lands
in the District of Columbia for a public purpose;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BIGGS. I rise for the purpose of asking
the consent of the Senate to make an explanation
as due to the character of North Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only be
uone by the unammcus consent of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose of making
an explanation in regard to the game subject to
which the Senator refers, as he called my atten-
tion to it on Friday.
Mr. BIGGS. It is that and another matter on
which I desire to be heard.
Mr. WILSON. During the debate the other
day, if the Senator will permit me 
Mr. BIGGS. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the explanation.
Mr. WILSON. During the debate the other
day, I referred, in the course of a speech made by
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
to some remarks made in the House of Repre-
sentatives m regard to the power of the States to
abolish slavery^ I stated that I heard the power
denied by a member from the State of North
Carolina. I happened to be present when the re-
mark was made by Mr. Branch, then and now
a member of the House of Representatives from
that State, that he thought tho State Legislatures
had not the constitutional power to abolish sla-
very. It was a subject of remark, at the time,
by others and myse!f;but I find on looking to the
matter, my attention having been called to it af-
terwards by the Senator from North Carolina,
that Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania, and I think
some other members, made some inquiries in
regard to the meaning of the expression. Mr.
Branch explained it in this way: that lie did not
think the Legislatures have the constitutional
power to abolish slavery; but that the people,
when they frame their constitutions, could
their constitutions so as to abolish slavery. The
explanation then made was that the States had
the constitutional power to abolish slavery, and
that the member did not wish to be understood as
saying that it was any violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as some of us umler-
stood at the time the remark was„made. I had
my attention called to the matter by the Senator
from North Carolina; but, owing to the pressure
of business, I was not able to examine it until
Friday of last week.. This is the earliest 'oppor-
tunity I have hai; and X wish to put the matter
right; for I have no desire or wish, certainly,
to misrepresent any member of either -Souse.
When I listened to the remark, I understood it
as I stated it tho other day; other members did ,
so understand it; bat on the explanation of Mr.
Branch, it was made very plain and very clear. •
Mr. BIGGS. 1 am very much gratified that
the Senator from Massachusetts has made this
explanation; but to make it full, it is proper that
I should state, in addition to what he has already-
stated, that Mr. Branch expressly recognized,the
power of a Legislature to abolish slavery, pro-
vided that power was expressly given by the con-
stitution. I rose for that purpose, but more es-
pecially for another purpose, to sot the character
I of North Carolina right. 1 notify the Senator
from Massachusetts that this is in reference to a
speech delivered by him in this body on the even-
ing of the 20th of March.
It will be recollected that during the Ilansas
debate we had several evening sessions, at one of
which, that of the 20th March, 1 was not present
in consequence of indisposition. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] on that occa-
sion delivered a speech, which, in consequence of
the great press of business upon the Globe, was
not published until Friday last, and my attention
to it was notcalled until Saturday. Among other
points made by the Senator, he seeks to give a
faithful account of southern society—slavehold-
ers and non-slaveholders; and as I presume he
could not testify from personal observation and
knowledge, and as I suppose he preferred it, he
introduces as reliable testimony extracts from a
book, entitled "The Impending Crisis of the
South," said to be written by a " Mr. Helper, of
North Carolina "
Being informed as to this author, I am unwilling
that such testimony shall go upon the permanent
legislative history of the country as coming from
Noi'th Carolina, without placing in the samejbrm
the character of the witness. It is due to North
Carolina, it is due to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, it is due to the Senate and the country, par-
ticularly the people of the nort-slaveholdingStates,
to expose to public contempt the author of a work
whose position, whatever it is, probably greatly
depends upon his representing himself as " of
North Carolina." I feel a becoming pride that
the word of a North Carolinian is so generally
considered reliable; and, therefore, the more im-
perative is the duty to mark emphatically, as X
propose to do on this occasion, any one that hails
from that State who slanders her society and
writes it in a book to deceive and delude others.
The Senator from Massachusetts is a striking ex-
ample of the dupes thus made by this catch-penny
book; and the delusion is so strong that, without
inquiry as to the character of the witness, it is
placed in permanent form as evidence from North
Carolina as to the state of southern society.
I want to disabuse the mind of the Senator from
, Massachusetts, and those who read this book, as
to the reliability of the authority on which he
relies. Who, then, is this Mr. Helper, of North
Carolina, relied upon in the Senate of the United
States as evidence from the South of the state of
southern society ? I speak from authority that
cannot be doubted.
Hinton Rowan Heifer, the author of the " Im-
pending Crisis," is a native of Davie county,
North Carolina. His first appearance inactive life
was as a clerk of Michael Brown, a moichant in
Salisbury, North Carolina. Mr.Biown is an elder
of the Presbyterian church; and after Heifer re-
moved to Salisbury he also joined the Presbyte-
rian church, and, so far as was publicly known,
I conducted himself with propriety. After living
\ with Mr. Brown several yeais as clerk, it was un-
j derstood at Salisbury that he formed acopartner-
j ship with Mr. Coft'manin the book business, and
[! left for the North to buy in a stock of books. He
j! did not return as expected,but shortly thereafter
II went to California, and there, or shorily afiorhis
I; return, wrote a book called " Land of Gold."
!| He returned to Salisbury about 1S54, where he
|[ remained some time without any apparent busi-
|| ness. In the summer of 18.56, as is reported and
ji believed, he procured surety for, and obtained
., money. He, however, about that time, left for the
!■ North, where lie now resides, never since having
!| returned to JNorth Carolina. After leaving North
