42-2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1 st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
tion of the country, and only through the south-
ern section of the country?
Mr. BLAIR. Thegentlemandid notumlerstand
rae. I said that the party to which the gentleman
belongs is opposed, upon principle, to the con-
struction of any railroad, unless it should pass
through the southern part of the continent, and
very tar south at that.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I understand that
the President of the United States put his recom-
mendation of that route upon the ground that it
was the best and the shortest route, and not be-
cause it was a southern route.
'Mr. BLAIR. Ids easy tofind plausible grounds
for any recommendation.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Does the gentle-
man deny that it is the nearest and the best?
Mr. BLAIR. I deny that there is any route
there at all which can be operated.
, The southern faction having the power of num-
bers in the organization, force the candidates of
their party to succumb to their views, and dictate
absolutely its policy. In proof of this, we see that
whilst Mr. Buchanan was allowed to say he favored
a Pacific railroad before the election, he comes out
in his message in favor of the thirty-second par-
allel, which is about equivalent to the route by the
isthmus; and, if rumor can be relied upon, he 1ms
made ltnown in advance, to two Senators who
■went to see him in regard to the bill reported in
the Senate, and which located the line along the
central route, his intention to veto the bill, and
his hostility to any except the route along the
Mexican frontiers. Mr. Buchanan, like Mr.
Pierce, and like any other national Democrat who
may be President, is the creature of the majority
of that organization which supports him in' these
Halls, and will do their bidding at any cost.
When the surveys for a route for a Pacific
railroad were ordered by Congress, it was under-
stood, and indeed no such order would have been
made by Congress upon any other understanding,
that the central route was to be surveyed by Col-
onel Fremont, who, having passed over all the
different routes, had given his opinion in favorof
the central. But the Secretary of War declined to
give that employment to Colonel Fremont, on the
ground, as I iiave understood, that he was not then
an officer of the United States Army. He, how-
ever, placed Mr. Stevens in charge of the survey
of the northern route, although ho was not then,
I believe, an officer of thp Army. Captain Gun-
nison was placed in charge of the survey of the
central route, but his instructions expressly lim-
ited him to a survey of a part of the route only;
and this officer, without a previous knowledge of
the country, or experience in railroad engineering,
made the most egregious blunders in the survey
of that part of the survey intrusted to him, as I
shall presently show, and reported it impractica-
ble. It is natural to suppose that renewed efforts
would have been made to find a practicable route
on this line, which was the only one which ac-
commodated the entire people of the country.
Nothing of the sort, however, was attempted; it
was condemned by the Government, and its con-
demnation heralded as a triumph.
But on the extreme southern routes a different
conduct was observed. When it was discovered
that there did not exist a practicable route on the
thirty-second parallel, within our territory, an
embassador was sent immediately to Mexico to
negotiate and purchase a strip of territory from
that Republic, where it was supposed that a road
could be made, and Arizona was purchased fojr
#10,000,000. Finding that water was not to be
had to quench* the thirst even of the Government
parties sent there to explore,a military command
and a topographical officer have been detained
there ever since, to bore artesian wells in order
to overcome this difficulty, and ships have been
sent to Asia and Africa to buy camels and import
them for the purpose of traversing the sandy des-
erts in these southern parallels, thirty-two and
thirty-five. It is said that water has been dis-
covered by means of the wells, and that the camels
have been successful in traveling ten days with-
out water. The fact that the camels can endure
ten days thirst will hardly invite to the country
in which such endurance was imposed upon them,
the people necessary to build and maintain & rail-
road, nor -will the circumstance that artesian
wells are being bored for a supply of water, rec-
ommend the route where those wells are neces-
sary, over the central route in which there has
been found an ample supply for thirty thousand
emigrants in one year, and the armies which have
been recently sent out to Utah.
Why was it that an appropriation of $10,000,000
to purchase Arizona, appropriations to import
camels, to bore artesian wells, and to print an end-
less series of the most costly books—books which
will cost, I understand, a million and a half or
two million dollars—could lie made during the
dominancy of the so-called Democracy, and no
effort whatever made to find si, line for the central
route after the report of Gunnison was received ?
The reason is transparent. It was not the object
of the Government to find a central route; their
effort was, and has been, and will continue to be,
so long as the southern interest dominates the
Government, to condemn that route, and carry
the railroad, if made at all, to the extreme south-
ern verge of our territories. In further confirm-
ation of this view, I instance the action of the
present Government upon the overland mail route.
This mail was authorized by Congress upon the
express understanding that the contractors should
select the route upon which to carry the mail.
The Postmaster General, with the sanction of the
Cabinet and President, in violation of the express
terms of the law, refused to give the contract to
any one unless the contractor would agree to carry
it on the route along the Mexican frontier on the
thirty-second parallel.
I assert again, in view of these facts, that it is
the Democratic organization, and its instruments
in the Government, which constitute the only ob-
struction to a central Pacific railroad; and those
who desire to see this glorious work achieved
must first displace this obstruction. I shall, there-
fore, propose that Congress should take from the
hands of the Executive, which has shown itself
unworthy of confidence in this matter, all power
over the subject, and pass an act to build the Pa-
cific railroad between some central point in the
Mississippi valley and San Francisco,and name,
in the body of the act, commissioners who have
the confidence of the nation, men having a com-
petent and practical knowledge of railroad engi-
neering, to locate the road on the best and most
practicable ground between the points named. The
present Administration, and, indeed, any Admin-
istration dominated by the same influence, can-
not be trusted to the execution of this great work,
and therefore Congress should take the matter in
hand, and confide its execution to friendly and
faithful hands.
While, however, the pseudo Democracy,
through its chiefs, under a malign influence, have
betrayed the great interests of the nation, and
striven to convert this great national work into a
sectional affair, happily for the nation there have
been those who were prompted by the lofry mo-
tives of patriotism, and the love of an honorable
renown to give themselves to the task of achiev-
ing this great enterprise of a continental highway.
Among these, the youthful and intrepid Fremont,
who, having led the way by an examination of
the whole region lying between the Mississippi
river and the Pacific, and opened up that vast
country to the astonished vision of the civilized
world, and who, having added California to our
empire, determined, although no longer in the ser-
vice of his country, to open the road to the empire \
won by his own valor. It was in the depth of
winter, and at his own expense, that he determined
to attempt this new labor, and encounter the perils
and difficulties which attended the attempt to pass
through hostile tribes of Indians with an insuffi-
cient escort and scanty provisions for subsistence.
But the attempt was made, and with success. The
result was then given to the world. He had nei-
ther the time nor the means of working out the
observations then made so laboriously and pain-
fully, but has since completed his calculations,
for the purpose of publication—not, however, at
the expense of the Government. The intrinsic
value of the work renders it unnecessary to resort
to such a plan, and enables him to find a publisher.
From this work, now almost ready for the press,
Colonel Fremont has allowed me to use a chapter,
in which he sums up the results of his labors on
that portion of the line which extends from Kan-
sas City, on the frontiers of Missouri, through the
Cochetope pass. I give the chapter and shall let
it speak for itself. It is illustrated by the map
which I hold in my hand, and which has been
constructed with the greatest care and accuracy
by Colonel Fremont himself.
The chapter is written in journal form, the date
the 14th of December, 1854, when he had passed
the great dividing line of the continent and sur-
mounted the greatest difficulty to be encountered
upon the whole route, and his review of the line
from the Missouri border to the crest of the con-
tinent upon which he then stood, will strike every
one with its candor, power,and beauty. Hesays:
" We had now crossed the main dividing ridge, and, with
the first tall ot' snow, pitched onr camp upon the Pacific
waters. Wo had left a comparatively open country for one
thoroughly mountainous*, to winch the accident of dark and
stormy weathei lout a peculiarly rugged aspect. To our
eyes, as well as to oui minds, the change was abrupt and
impics^ive. Our animals were poor, and our provisions
nearly gone, and, in face of the rugged country and rugged
season, our condition was by no means encouraging. Be-
hind us the country had been chccrful with sunshine, the
rare falling weather had been only autumn rains, and the
coumiy—grass-covered and entirely tree from snow-—had
made traveling pleasant, and had given our animals the best
chances for (ood which a hostile season could afford.
Abundance of game had kept the party m good health and
good spirits. The lace ot the country had been lemaikably
ea^y of ti avel, constituting, m its genci al character, an open
plain, broken up to the crest winch we had just crossed
only by a single mountain range of singularly easy passage,
and our load, of nearly a thousand miles, had been gen-
eially along the level lands of streams. Probably another
thousand remained to be struggled over before we could
reach the western settlements, and winter had suddenly
come down upon the count! y, driven off the game, and shut
us in with a narr&w circle of falling snow. This afternoon
a meager hour of faint sunshine lit up the snowy crests of
the mountains, and showed the multitudinous ridges, which
now stietch almost uniuteiruptedly westward to the waves
of the Pacific ocean.
" The party had now crossed the summit-level of the
continent, the highest point and most difficult which he in
way of the railroad line to the Pacific, and this is, therefore,
the littest place m the journal for such bnefsummary of the
facts winch had been collected, so far as they go to vindi-
cate the ehaiacter of the country for railroad constructions,
and its capacity to support population.
" But, in this description of the country, and the obstacles
on the line over whieh the party traveled, it is not by any
means proposed to put it forward as the fit line for a rail-
way. ft was simply an exploring line—if, under the cir-
cumstances of adverse season and restricted means, it can
properly be called so—which, m its general direction to the
mountain passes, was governed in choice of route by the
protection that wooded streams afford in the occurrence of
the sudden snow stoims, which aie dangerous on the open
plains.
"The region traversed under these circumstances lies
mainly beween the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth parallels of
latitude, and extends from the mouth of the Kansas to the
Cochetope pass, twelve degrees in longitude. By the trav-
eled line, the whole distance to this point is eight hundred
and fifty-tlitee miles, of which, eight hundred was in the
valley of the Kansas, Arkansas, and Del Norte. Hut three
obstructions are encountered along the entire line; the
prairie highlands between the Kansas and Arkansas rivers,
tho Wet Mountains range at the head of the Arkansas, and
the Rocky Mountain range at thd heads of the Del Norte
and Coloiado. The distance traveled in the Kansas valley
was about two hundred and fifty miles, along which the
average assent is less than three feet (two and three quar
tors) to the mile, and the country, for about two hundred
miles, well wooded and beautifully fertile. At an eleva-
tion of one thousand three hundred and fifty feet above tiic
sea, the route left the Kansas to cross the prairie—uplands
lying between it and the Arkansas, and which constitute
the lirst obstructions. It reached the Arkansas at an eleva- '
tion of two thousand six hundred and seventy feet, the in-
tervening distance being aboutone hundred and fifty miles.
The general rise of the country westward, between these
two points, is about nine feet to the mile. In its course
over these plains, the route, for about eighty miles in a west-
erly direction, was upon streams tnbutary to the Arkansas.
In crossing the uplands between these, the inclinations
were from twenty to forty feet in the mile—generally about
one m two hundred—the summit land being generally from
one to two hundred feet above the streams. These aie
continuously wooded along their banks, and the soil good,
and their valleys well adapted to settlement. The high
plains entirely bare of timber, are covered with good grasses,
and were occupied, m November, by multitudes of buffalo,
which find theie abundant pasturage. The buffalo some-
times winter on these plains.
" Up the Arkansas to the mouth of the Huerfano, the dis-
tance traveled was two hundred and thirty miles, the aver-
age fall of river for one hutidred and forty of that distance
being less than seven feet; and thence to the mouth of the
Huerfano, less than ten feet to the mile. For about eighty
miles of the lower part of the route, the river was neatly des-
titute of timber; the remaining one iiundred and fifty miles
it was abundantly wooded for settlements, soil good, and
grassesfor pasturage abundant. The Ilucrfano at its mouth is
four thousand three bundled and seventy-five feet above the
sea, and at its head-waters in the Wet Mountains about nine
thousand. The course is in abroad, open-lying, well-wood-
ed, and grass-coveted valley, which makes an admirably
unobstructed approach directly into the mountain passes.
On either side it is separated from similar streams by the
highlands, in which the mountain spurs terminate. From
