424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
crossing trie Sierra at Johnson's Pass. No part ot his road
ftad an ascent ever five degrees, and the estimated cost of
construction was only about one hundred thousand dollars.
I send you a copy of the map made by him of the country
in the vieimty of the road, and a profile of his located hue.
Assuming Sacramento as a point of beginning for the pro-
posed railroad, the road would strike the western base of
the foot hills of the Sierra Nevada, south of the junction gf
Weber creek with the south fork of the American river,
and follow it to Slippery Ford. The distance from Slippery
Ford to Lake Valley does not exceed four miles, and a tun-
nel at this point is the only serious difficulty m the con-
struction of the road. The outlet of Lake Bigler is at the
northern end, and its waters flow to the desert west of the
Sierra through Truckee river. Whether the railroad should
follow the shoiesof the lake and the valley of the Truckee
river until ltreaches the general level of the Great Basin, or
should cross the ridge between the lake and Mormon sta-
tion at some low point, and pursue a more direct route to-
wards Salt Lake City, can only be determined by future
surveys. The descent from the lake to the western plains
is so entirely within the limits of railroad gradients, fnat I
entertain no doubt that a practicable route can be found on
ofte of the two hnes indicated.
Let us now see what will be the grades on the proposed
line. Beginning at the Sacramento, (sixty feet above tide,)
and allowing the road to rise in the first twenty miles at fif-
teen feet to the mile, we arrive at the western base of the
foot hills, at an elevation of three hundred and sixty feet.
The distance of tins point from Slippery Fonl by the present
road is seventy miles; but by the winding line of a railroad
will be at least ninety miles.
On a grade of sixty feet to the nnle,the road would use in
these ninety miles five thousand four bundled foet, and at-
tain an altitude of five thousand f-even hundred and sixty
feet or four hundred and two feet above the wagon road at
Slippery Ford. The height of the wagon road (which fifty
feet above the river) at X^ake Valley is five thousand nine
hundred and sixty-one, so that to bring us to the same level,
there would be a rise of two hundred feet in the length of
the tunnel—tay four miles. Having now traced the loute
from the Sacramento to the western -dope of the SierraNe-
vada, and the waters flowing into the Gieat Ba*in, let us j
make an estimate of the extienie cost from Sacramento to j
this point: j
From Sacramento to western foot of Fool Hills, twenty I
miles, at $30,000 a mile  ^600,000
From western base of Fool Hills to Slippery
Ford, ninety miles, at ."§100,000 a mile  9,000,000
From Slippery Ford to Lake. Valley tunnel, four
miles, or twenty-one thousand one hundred
and twenty feet, at $00) a toot   1,921,000
Total from Sacramento......   $13,8^1,000 j
And from Saciamento to Benicia  .'1,000,000 j
Total cost from Benicia .$'16,824,000
Let us compare this witli the com of the load on the
Noble's Pa?>s mute, west of the Sum a, as estimated by
Captain Iluuiplueysand Lieutenant Wuuen in their report
on the cxploiations lot raiho.id routess, page 66 : i
Portions of the pats of the western ridge of the Sierra Ne- j
vada, 17 miles, at $100,000 per mile  $1,700,000 :
From the head ot the tir*>t cation on S;iciamento \
river to the termination of the mountain pas-
sage of the river, seventeen miles above Fort
Reading, 135.5 miles, at $130,000 per mile.... 20,323,000
Thence to Fort Heading, on the Sacramento
river, 17 miles, and thence to Bcmcta, 160
miles, being about 200 miles, at $30,000 per
mile. 7  10,000,000
Cost on Noble's P?is« route, west of the summit, $32,023,000
Cost on South Fork loute, west ol liiglei lake.. 16,824,000
Difference 
 $L>,20I,000
From Benicia to Noble's Pass  '*32 miles.
From Benicia to Bigler lake valley  lb-i "
Saving in distance  168 miles.
I have now given you my speculations on this matter;
but 1 would much prefer that you should have an interview
with Mr. Day and Mr. Goddait, both of whom are familiar
with the topography of the country m the vicinity of the
proposed line, and would be glad to aid you in ) oui inqu ities.
Yours, very respectfully, WM. J. LRWIS.
Colonel John C. Fremont.
Upon this letter of Lewis and the map of Sher-
man Day which accompanies it, and which I hold
in my hand, Colonel Fremont, in a letter dated
New York, February 28, 1858, says it shows—
" That at the first place iri the Sierra Nevada where the
necessities of the settlement require communications, a
good wagon road was easily found,and that this wagon toad
survey shows also that a railroad is entirely piacncable in
the same place ; that this is m the line of the proposed cen-
tral road, between the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth paral-
lels, that any hne coining across the Great Basin would
reach San Francisco bay by a very considerable saving in
distance and expense, compared with any other and less di-
rect line running more to the northward. For instance, the
surveyed line with which Lewis institutes his comparison,
and which hne in coming from the easlwuid veiy nearly
joins Lewis's, (both I believe being then upon the Salmon
Trout or Tiuckee river as it is generally called.) Take notice
that the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra Nevada are great
mountain chains, and that theie are two passed thiough
them, (Sherman Da\'s road pabs and the Cochetope) and
almost exactlym the same latitude,both being between the
fcurty-eightta and thirty-ninth parallels. Remember,too, m
regard to this lin'e of Slieiman Day's, that the information
which it gives us is the accidental result of the first survey
which the necessities of population required to be made.
Can we not with certainty expect much better, when the
Sierra Nevada comes to be surveyed with the direct pur-
pose of building a railroad across it?"
Again, speaking of the two passes in the two
great chains and the country between, he says:
"My judgment is unhesitatingly, that the country be-
tween these points is entirely practicable for a lailroad.
And does it not appear upon its face absurd to say, when the
two great chains of the continent are practicable, the inter-
vening country is not so? When droves of cattle of all
kinds by thousands, wagons and caravans are passing con-
stantly over it in its natural state, that the railroad science
of this day cannot get across? A man's ignorance must be
audacious when he can undertake to publish it in maintain-
ing such an assertion."
It will thus he seen that the central route, run-
ning forits whole length between the thirty-eighth
and thirty-ninth parallels of latitude, is firmly and
conclusively established. Upon this line stands
the capital of the nation, on the Atlantic slope of
our continent; fixed here because it was central
to the North and South. It is the line of the Ohio
river in almost its whole length; the line upon
which stands St. Louis, the great central city of
the Mississippi valley; the line of the Missouri
river for three hundred miles beyond, to where it
deflects abruptly to the north; the line of the Kan-
sas river, which is navigable for near one hun-
dred miles due west, thence stretching up the Ark-
ansas river, and the Huerfano, and crossing the
mountains, and striking the Colorado river upon
the same parallel, at its true junction with Grand
river, and to which it was supposed by Colonel
Fremont to be navigable from the sea. The sup-
position has since proven to be true, by the sur-
vey of Lieutenant Ives; and thence through the
Great Basin by Parowan and Cedar City, and the
I great iron mountains, to Carson's valley; and
S thence in the same parallel, by the route indicated
by Mr. Lewis, to San Francisco on the thirty-
eighth parallel. A route cultivable and inhabitable
throughout its whole extent, with water,grass,
wood,'coal, and iron, and capable of supporting
a population forthe construction and maintenance
of the road, when built. This route follows the
lines of commerce, the center of population, and
of our territories upon both oceans. In all these
respects it fulfills the conditions of a national work
and should be constructed by the nation.
I have spoken of the persistent efforts of the
pseudo Democracy to undervalue the central route,
and force the construction of a railroad upon a
remote southern route; but there are also efforts
from other ipiarteis equally hostile, and somewhat
more insidious* I shall, 1 hope, be pardoned for
a brief notice of one of these, since those who
have made themselves prominent in the affair
have sought to cover themselves by taking the
name of the central route for a southern one.
One of my colleagues [Mr. Phelps] has favortd
me with a pamphlet copy of a letter which bears
his name, and is addressed to certain citizens of
the State of Arkansas. Upon reading the letter,
I have been struck with the propriety which dic-
tated its addiess to the citizens of that State,and
I am constrained to say that it would, have been
in all respects appropriate if it had emanated from
an Arkansas member. I will read some of the
passages which seem to me the most striking,
lie is arguing that the loute is best, even for the
few lowland Gulf countries of Georgia, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and says:
" My answer ih, that the road from VickslmrR <houM go
directly to Shievcport,and to Preston on the Red itvor, and
thence northwest up the False Washita rivei, and intm-eet
the Charleston,Memphis,and Albuqueiquoroadin the beau-
tiful valley of the Canadian river, at or near the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude, some five hundred and fifty miles
\ \ fiom Vicksbuig. Thut, in my humble opinion, is the true
; Vieksburg route, and lor two reasons: it is the best and
i' shortest loute, and u would develop a ferule and unsettled
I eountiy ot vast importance to the tiade and strength of the
South."
It is " the trade and strength of the South'' to
which thfs road is of such vast importance. He
goes on in the same strain:
i! " The route fiom Vieksburg up the Red and False Wa-
| ( hiiitHi ivers is, therefoie, (as easily observable from a map,)
i; the shortest and the beU. Notonly so, butsccomZ, this right-
;! hand route along the Red and False Washita rivers would
ij develop a feuile and unsettled country of vast impoitance
! { to tiic trade and stiength of the tfouth. It is <i country filled
jj witii rivers and streams—the Ai kauris, the Red, the False
[| Washita, the Verdigus, the Canadian, the lied Fork, the
jj Salt Fork, the Neosho,and many others of great value, it
II is admirably suited for the cultivation of cotton, and the
higher portions of it for hemp, tobacco, and grains. Settled
and cultivated, it would enrich the South and strengthen it.
Texas is developed and is secure. This country should be.
Delay will not prevent its settlement, nor benefit the South.1*
*( Delay will not prevent Us settlement, nor benefit
the South." There is something peculiar and
significant in this iteration of the same idea. He
adds:
" It is deeply to the interest, therefore, of South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Tennessee and Arkansas, if they would -pro-
tect and increase the trade of the principal commercial cities,
that the Charleston and Memphis railroad shall be ex-
tended directly #est to Albuqueique, and then to San Fran-
cisco."
It is to <( protect and increase the trade of the
principal commercial cities " of the South that
this central route is advocated. And again he as-
serts:
" But Virginia cannot reasonably be asked to gofourhun-
dred miles too far South, when a good pass and a better
route can be iiad, three degrees of latitude to the north of
it, and also when the more convenient and shorter route
will open up to settlement a country of an importance to
the South which it is quite impossible to overestimate—a
eountiy large enough to make two States, each larger that
Ohio, and of a climate and soil like that of northern Louisi-
ana and Arkansas."
I Why may we not reasonably ask it of Virginia,
j if he can ask it of his native State, Connecticut,
and his adopted State, Missouri? I can readily
understand the importance to the South of making
two slave States larger than Ohio. But is the
whole nation to be asked to make this road for this
purpose? But he says:
"Moie than tvvkntv millions op people live on and
north of the thiity-lifth paiallel loute, and they cannot—and
ought not, to be asked to go across that lino, when every-
body know* that the hne is almost two hundred miles fur-
ther south than they ought to be asked to come."
" Everybody knows that the line (of the thirty-
fifth parallel) is almost two hundred miles further
south than the twenty million of people who live
north of it ought to be asked to come." And it
is called the central route!! Finally, the people of
Arkansas are informed: «
" Cut the tluity-lifth paiallel route thiough Albuquerque
is three and a half dc*i ces south of St- Loan. The southern,
portion of the slaveholding States have, if the Albuquerque
route is adopted, by reason of their geographical position,
« defiled advantage in the matter of di&tance over the north-
ern part of tiie slavelioldmg, and over all of the non-slave-
holding States, whose railroads center atSt- Louis.
" Hy using the Vieksburg branch, up the Red and False
Washita rivers to Albuquerque ; the Memphis branch to Al-
buquerque, and the St. Louis branch to Albuquerque, the
slaveholding States can far more easily leach San Fran-
eit-eo than can any one ot all the large Atlantic cities of the
Atlantic non-slaveholding States."
There is much more to the same purpose, but
this is sufficient to show what sort of a central
route this is that my colleague advocates. It
should be called the ''False Washita route,"
which, I presume, derived its name from the fact
that somebody mistook it for the " true Wash-
ita,'' as my colleague has mistaken this line,
which is " two huuuied miles farther south than
the people of this country ought to be asked to
come," for a central route. Although my col-
league has given his name to bolster this route, it
js but fair to him and others to say that its pa-
ternity belongs to a gentleman who formerly
lived in St. Louis, and who still claims to live
there, although he has lived here for many years,
with the design, I presume, of having some pre-
text to speak for Missouri. The gentleman I
refer to is Mr. Corbin,a man of talent, of energy,
and industry, who has been it successful opera-
tor, and has made himself extremely useful to
members of Congress. He originated the ''false
Washita" route, and the arguments used by
my colleague remind me of him and of an incident
in ins history which occurred when he lived in
St. Louis.
There was a vacancy from the county of St.
Louis, in the Missouri Legislature. Mr. Corbin
and another gentleman were candidates before the
Demociatic convention, and both pledged them-
selves to abide the decision of the convention and
not to run against us nominee. The other gen-
tleman was nominated, and to the astonishment
of all, and greatly to the chagrin of the Demo-
cratic party, Mr. Corbin still persisted in being a
candidate. Being reminded of his pledge not to
run against the nominee of the convention, he re-
plied that it was true he had given the pledge and
u intended to redeem it to the letter, but he did not
F| consider that his pledge prevented him from running,
it only bound him not to run against the nominee
