1462
THE CONGRESSIONAS GLOBE.
April 5,
of his family to go and rescue them. Such scenes
occur every night on Pennsylvania avenue, the
most densely populated part of the city. No man j
is safe. No man dares to go to his neighbor's
house'. He is liable to be shot down without prov-
ocation, and without notice. Something must
be done in order to restore the government of law,
or you drive the community to a worse alterna-
tive—an alternative that no man can look to ex-
cept with shuddering—to protect their own lives.
For that reason I will yield, with the understand-
ing that this bill shall soon be disposed of.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe I have the floor
on the bill, in case it is taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
supposed the Senator from Maine had yielded the
floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. The Presiding
Officer announced the arrival of the hour for the
consideration of the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will yield to the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I will say in reply to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Illinois, that if the bill
gives rise to an extraordinary debate, I shall feel
obliged to yield.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was remarking that I
had no very great confidence in the system of
having anight police with badges, but J am told
by gentlemen all around me that I am clearly
wrong about that; and experience has shown it to
be so. That is quite likely. It is an opinion of
mine, which I entertain still, but which I am not
disposed to urge on the consideration of the Sen-
ate. But, sir, 1 am perfectly well satisfied that an
amount of money larger than that which is pro-
vided as a contingent fund in the bill reported to
the Senate, is absolutely essential, and I hope that
the amount may be increased, and that it may bo
understood to be a secret service fund, to be
guarded in such a way as the Senator from Mis-
sissippi may think fit in any amendment he may
propose; or I shall propose one myself, if he de-
sires it, in order that the system may be more
efficient, if we adopt it at all.
There is one thing more, which perhaps it does
not become me to say, but which I will venture to
suggest. In my judgment, much of the difficulty
is owing to the very bad example which has been
set in very high quarters. If it had been the case
that assaults committed by men of position and
standing in this city had been noticed as they
should have been, and disapproved as they should
have been, instead of being approved and defended
as they were, I believe we should hardly have had
the state of things which we are now witnessing in
this city. I have no belief that the poor, the ig-
norant, the uneducated, and the vicious have any
very great hesitation about following examples
that are set them by the educated, and people
holding position,both in the perpetration of acts
of violence, and defending acts of violence.
1 will further say that 1 am informed, and I
have no doubt of the fact, that the officer, the
judge, whose salary you are proposing to in-
crease by one bill before the Senate, at the head
of the police court, is entirely incompetent, either
from age or some other reason, to the discharge of
his duties; not for want of learning, but for want
of ability, desire, inclination, or something else,
to inflict those punishments which ought to be in-
flicted for crime, and to see that criminals do not
escape through any misapplication of the law. It
may be that it is unintentional. I am told that he
is conscientiously scrupulous about capital pun-
ishment. If so, he is most unfit to administer
laws which provide for capital punishment. Sir,
I believe we must go deeper than merely provid-
ing an auxiliary gtford; we must try to reform
the character of men very much above the class
who commit these crimes, and see that all are
properly punished for offenses against the laws,
as well those in high places as in low places.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand the bill as now being before the Senate; or
is it the motion to postpone ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone the special order for the further
consideration of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will postpone the consideration of thisiill.
It involves principles of no ordinary character. In
connection with the remarks made by the Senator
from Illinois, I will say that I freely concur that
there is a very bad state of morals here; that po-
lice regulation^are needed, and that they ought
to be rigidly enforced. 1 am fully aware and sat-
isfied in my own mind that many persons around
this city are not safe. But, while these matters
are pressing themselves on our attention, it seems
to me that there is another consideration imme-
diately and strictly connected with it, and that is:
who is responsible for them; where is the fault;
where is the cause of this inefficiency of police
regulations in Washington city ? Is it because
they want to force the expense and management
of their police on Congress, and to get clear of
them themselves? When we look at the state-
ments in the morning papers of the outrages that
are committed night after night, what a commen-
tary is it upon the city of Washington, that the
civil authority and the police regulations here are
not sufficient even to preserve order and to prevent
the recurrence of such acts as are published in the
papers every morning! If we take upon ourselves
the expense and trouble of forming a corps of
police, establishing their officers, and fixing the
number of buttons on their coats, and relieve the
city authorities from it, of course they will be
happy to have us do it.
But, while we admit that the police ought to be
more efficient, what is the proper authority to en-
force it and establish it? Suppose men are shot
down here every night. They are shot down m
Baltimore too; they are shot down in Cincinnati;
they are shot down in New Orleans; they are
shot down in New York. Pockets are picked,
men aregarroted or robbed in those cities as well
as here; but because there is a man shot down
in New York, must the Congress of the United
States appoint a police regulation for them? Be-
cause a man is robbed in Baltimore must Con-
gress take up the subject? It is legitimate and
necessary that the city of Washington should es-
tablish and enforce its own police regulations as
well as any other city. If we are to do it for them
everything will be pushed upon Congress. I see
a proposition to give up their charter; that the
Senate, the House of Representatives, the Presi-
dent, and the Secretary of the Interior are all to
be engaged, and their time occupied attending to
the police regulations of the city of Washington.
If the act of incorporation does not give the city
authorities here sufficient power, let Congress give
them whatever power they need, to raise a suffi-
cient number of policemen; give them power to
pass laws to punish crimes; give them power to
collect taxes to defray the expenses of police offi-
cers. They have not got enough policemen; there
is great inefficiency here; something ought to be
done; but I think Congress ought not to incur the
expense of taking up the police regulation of the
city of Washington, and devolving them on ihe
Secretary of the Interior. I hope the bill will be
postponed. I think it ought to be looked into.
Mr. BROWN. I quite concur,and the report
so states, that the city authorities here are bound
to keep the peace; but the report states, and I re-
peat now, they do not do it, and you have no
power to compel them to do it. Because they will
not do it is the public property to be left exposed
to depredation? Are foreign ministers and their
families to be insulted, and their servants assault-
ed ? Are we, the accredited embassadors from the
thirty-one sovereignties which compose this Con-
federacy, to expose our own lives, and our fam-
ilies to insult, because, the authorities here will not
discharge the obligation which is upon them ?
These are the questions which address themselves
to my mind. I hold that it is your duty to see
the public property defended; and when a foreign
minister is accredited to this Government, it is
your duty to see that he is protected, and that his
property is defended against peculation, arson,
burglary, and he and his family protected from
insult. It is your duty to your constituents to feel
at all times upon the streets, day and night, that
you are not overawed by the assassin close upon
your heels.
It is for these reasons that this bill was intro-
duced, and it is for these reasons that I shall ex-
pect the Senate to pass it in^o a law, so far as the
action of this body is concerned, as soon as pos-
sible.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. So fur as the
public property here is concerned, there is already
a guard appointed by the Government to take care
of and protect it; and I see no accounts of depre-
dation committed on the public property. That
now is in charge of guards appointed and paid by
the Government. So far as outrages are con-
cerned, they will increase; they are continuing to
increase. The accounts of them in the city papers
will be swelled every morning, until this bill is
passed or rejected. I hope the bill will not be
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the special order for the purpose
of continuing the further consideration of the bill
to establish an auxiliary guard for the protection
of public and private property in the city of
Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
pending is on the amendmentof the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Honter] to strike out of the third
section of the bill the words " the Mayor of
Washington, the district attorney for the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. MASON. I do not entirely agree with
my colleague in his suggestion. I was one of the
committee that framed the bill. It seemed to us
that though theMayorofWashington should have
no connection whatever with the execution of
the law, yet there was a propriety in having the
benefit of his suggestions—not the present Mayor
of Washington only, but any future Mayors of
Washington—in reference to the regulation and
organization of this force. It was simply to get
the benefit of his suggestions, if he had any; and
if he had not, there could be no harm. No ex-
ecutive power is given to him of any kind or
description. The experienceof one whoisatthe
head of the police of such a city as Washington
must be valuable. If not, it would not be used.
I should be reluctant, therefore, to strike outthat
provision. It was thought also that the present
district attorney, and all future district attor-
neys,might make useful suggestions in organizing
this police; but if it should be found otherwise,
of course it could do no harm.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill proceeds, as I un-
derstand, on the supposition that the authorities
of the city of Washington will not keep the peace
here, and that Congress is therefore to interfere in
order to protect the Federal Government, the Fed-
eral officers, foreign ministers, and those attached
to them, and strangers. If Congress has to inter-
fere for that purpose, because of the neglect, the
laches of the city of Washington, it seems to me
that we ought not to call on the city authorities
to interfere in the regulation of the force which we
establish and pay. So far as the Mayors of Wash-
ington are concerned, I believe they have notbeen
very efficient in preserving the peace of the city.
I do not refer to any Mayor in particular; but I
think, upon general principles, if we have to inter-
fere on that ground, and raise and pay this force,
it ought to be governed by Federal officers who
are appointed and removable by the President.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better retain
this section of the bill as it is. It does not give
any power to the Mayor, and it is well at any rate
to be in harmony so far as we properly can with
the Mayor of the city of Washington. I think
this section of the bill, as framed by the commit-
tee, should stand, and that the Mayor of the city
should be consulted or have a voice in framing
the by-laws for the government of this force.
The present Mayor of the city of Washington,
and the inefficiency now manifest in the execu-
tive department of this city, perhaps, will not
always exist.
I shall vote against this amendment. I shall
vote for the bill in the hope that something will
be accomplished for the preservation of law and
order here in the national capital; but I confess I
do not expect, and I think the Senate has no right
to expect from it the reform which we desire, and
which is needed. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] has made a suggestion here this
morning that I thank him for making. I believe
we are having now in Washington the fruits, the
legitimate fruits, of the conduct of Judge Craw-
ford of this city two years ago. I refer to his
action in regard to what transpired in this body,
and in regard to the murder of a man in this city
by a member of the House of Representatives.
I do not believe that officer is fit for the place he
