376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
valley of the Mississippi, and the focus to which converge
ail the steamboats, now thousands, hereafter to b<? myriad*, *
from all the extended circumference ot that vast valley.
Long beibse Ik; roaches St. Louis, he is running the double
line of American towns and villages, seated on either bank
of the river.
" The Missouri river is paid to be the best steamboat nver
upon the lace of the earth—the longest, retaining its water
best at all seasons, and periodically flooded at a known day
—free from rocks, and, J'or nearly two thousand miles, !rec
from sunken trees; for it is on approaching the heavy foiest
lands of the lower Missouu that this obstiuction oceuis,
all above is clear of thb danger. The river is large fiom
the falls down; the mountain stieams, almost innumerable,
pouring down such ample contributions. Coal lines its
banks; fertile land abounds. A continuous voyage, with-
out shifting nn ounce of his cargo, will carry him from the
Great Palis to Pittsburg; a single transhipment, and three
days will take him to the Atlantic coa-t—ommputentsteain
flying him from Canton to Philadelphia in the marvelous
space of some forty-odd days! I only mention one line and
one city as a sample ot the rest. What is said of Pitt&burg
and Philadelphia maybe equally said of all the western
river towns towaids the heads of navigation, and of all the
Atlantic, Gulf, or lake cities with which they communicate.
Some sixty days, the usual lun of a bill of exchange, will
reach the most remote; so that a merchant may give a
sixty-days'1 bill in his own country, after this route is in
operation, and pay it at maturity with silks and teas which
were in Canton on the day of its date.
" The North American road to India will be established
by the people, if not byihe Government. The rich oom-
merce of the East will find a new route to the New Woild,
followed by the wealth and power which has always at-
tended it."
Thus spoke I3enton,and much more to the pur-
pose, in 1846. Since then, a faithless Adminis-
tration has bartered away, for less than a mess
of pottage, untold mineral, agricultural, and com-
mercial wealth,just where our nation most needed
it for the seat ot" future empire—Vancouver's Isl-
and and other territory, up to 54° 40'. Great
Britain knew its value, and firmly insisted upon
having it; and it is a shame to he compelled to say-
that our Government basely and trncklingly gave it
away. The ripened judgment of the country is
yet to be pronounced upon that act.
When Benton advocated the union of the Co-
lumbia and the Missouri, and thus the A tlanticand
the Pacific, he did not urge, as I now do, the con-
tinuance of the route, so as directly to connect with
the St. Lawrence, and thence by the Erie canal
with New York. Nor was the country checkered
over with its net work of railroads, numbeiing
thirty thousand miles, as it now is. For a moment
consider only the four hundred and fifty miles of
road completed west of Fort Union, and what
advantages are instantly presented ? Iowa, what
are your advantages ? J)o you border upon the
Missouri? Missouri, what arc your advantages?
Have you a St. Louis, the central emporium of
the Union, with railroads and rivers radiating
all ways? Kentucky and Tennessee, Arkansas,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, have you any inter-
est in this route ? With east and west railroads
across Iowa, how is it with you, Minnesota and
Wisconsin, Illinois and Michigan, can you avail
yourselves of this thoroughfare, even without the
connection with Lake Superior? New England
and New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey,
Indiana and Ohio, will you be benefited by it?
Have you railroads pointing westward ? Have
you interests in common with this line ?
How is it with Canada? Can she roach the Pa-
cific this way—will she contribute capital to help
to build this great national road, that must and
will be international in the very uses and purposes
of it. Yes, yes; the North, the enterprise, the
industry, the capital of the North are here repre-
sented on this floor. All are interested in this
northern route, and it will be built. It will be but
an extension of the northern line of commerce
and system of railroads already stretching half
way across the continent. Massachusetts, Penn-
sylvania, New York, Canada, Michigan, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Iowa, have iail-
road interests which would be strengthened and
enriched by building this northern road to an ex-
tent to warrant their building it. The commer-
cial interests of the great lakes will contribute to
it. Let Congress but provide the law and it mat-
ters not whether we appropriate land or money,
the road will be built. It is inevitable—a part
of our manifest destiny—unless this Administra-
tion shall give away the mouth of the Columbia,
and what little there is remaining to us of Puget
Sound, in order to prevent its being built.
I should not omit to mention an objection which
the late Secretary of War urged to this northern
route, that its proximity to a powerful foreign
sovereignty is a serious objection to it as a mili-
tary road." This objection, Mr. Chairman, comes
from a soldier who has borne himself chivalrously
in the service of his country. This objection must
have had something to do with, must have been
conducive to, the purchasing of Arizona, that we
might have a military road near a weak sover-
eignty. That such an objection should come from
a brave soldier, is indeed surprising. Where
would this line of reasoning load us to ? It would
keep us from building fortifications upon our
frontiers, and at our sea-ports, lest they might be
destroyed, or our soldiers exposed to danger. In
time of war, it would make us retire our Army to
the interior for safety. It would make our citi-
zens timid about investing and settling at Detroit
and Buffalo, Sackett's Harbor and Champlain.
Mr. Chairman, it is time to have done with
such objections. The best protection to a nation
is not in stone and earth; but, sir, in human bi east-
works. Start this railroad from the head of Lake
Superior westward, and push it forward with all
possible speed, and then it will not be able to keep
pace with the advancing tide of population; and
before your road can be completed, there will be
ample force in live settlers all the way across our
northern frontier, to protect it and the country
against that powerful foreign sovereignty. The
character of the country even invites this popula-
tion without railroads; and within the last twelve
years it has advanced westward from Lake Mich-
igan, six hundred and fifty miles, pouring into
Wisconsin and Minnesota alone, in that time, at
the rate of seventy thousand per annum. Iowa
has also received her fifty thousand annually.
Compare this with the increase of population on
the southern line of road, and what results do
you'arrive at ? Not all the golden inducements
of California can make her keep pace with the lat-
itude of 470 north. Texas, New Mexico, and
California combined, do not equal Wisconsin and
Minnesota in population. Nor is the population
of Oregon and Washington inconsiderable; be-
sides, the great body of the population of Cali-
fornia is in its north half. The interests of the
people of California and Oregon are identical; and
those hoary sentinels, the Coastand Sierra Nevada
Mountains, now,and for ages to come, direct the
traveler to and from the valley of the Columbia.
The Sacramento, too, by its golden current, lights
him the same way.
But, Mr. Chairman, the statesmen of these de-
generate days would make us disregard the self-
evident laws and bountiful provisions of nature;
would make us stultify ourselves to the laws of
climate, and ignore the laws of emigration; they
would have us neglect natural to construct arti-
ficial channels for commerce; they would have us
avoid direct and choose indirect lines; they would
have us abandon fertility and be content with
sterility; to gratify the caprice of the few they
would have us sacrifice the interests of the many;
and while they would have us doubly fortify our-
selves against the weak, would have us totally
neglect defenses against the strong. All this is in
harmonious keeping with that policy of the ruling
dynasty which gives away, without a struggle, at
the North, while it deluges the land m blood, and
oft and again depletes the Treasury, to make ac-
quisitions at the South.
Sir, it is a most unnatural forcing of things, to
undertake to build this southern road. It is bent
out of the way of everybody who wants to use
it. It is projected through a country where there
is no capital to build it; and where, from the le-
thargic and prostrating influences of the climate,
at least three men will be required to perform one
man's labor; and when built, from the character
of the country, there can be no local business for
it, and, for through business, will not accommo-
date or be convenient to one tenth of those who
need the road for use. The climate will be too
hot for the transportation of American products;
and for international purposes, it will increase
the distance from Japan to New York over five
hundred miles. In short, it will possess no ad-
vantage over the present isthmus route. Fulton
is now called its eastern terminus.
Fulton is on the Red river, about ninety miles
above the " Raft." How are you to get to or
from Fulton eastward ? I suppose you intend
to build to Memphis, about two hundred and
fifty miles. Thence you have a road, I believe,
to Charleston, South Carolina. This, then, is to
be the great southern road—Charleston, in real-
ity, its Atlantic terminus—Charleston, already-
designated as the place of holding the next national
Democratic convention; South Carolina, the sleep-
less advocate of State rights; always opposed to
internal improvements, steadily and uniformly, in
both branches of Congress, voting against all such
unconstitutional doctrines; her commercial empo-
rium, Charleston, is to be the happy recipient of
the benefits of the great Pacific railroad, herself
voting against it, upon constitutional grounds, and
northern votes conferring upon her this douceur.
Yet, so far as we can glean from the Government
reports, that Department of it having the Pacific
railroad especially in charge, strongly favors this
Charleston route.
The political isothermal of the present and past
Administration has been extremely southern; and
they have seemed disinclined to depart from it,
even in railroad matters. This suggests to me that
the real isothermal line of the northern route should
not be overlooked. We will take the winter line,
from the crossing of the divide of the Rocky
Mountains at Mullen's Pass—eastward itextends,
through FortKearny, Fort Leavenworth, Spring-
field, Toledo, Dunkirk, and Long Island Sound.
The summer line extends through Fort Union,
Milwaukee, Detroit, Buffalo, Albany, and Long
Island Sound. The line indicating the mean, or
overage temperature, extends through Fort Des
Moines,Chicago, Monroe, FJmira, Poughkeepsie,
and Nantucket. These facts being established by
scientific observations, let it not be said that the
northern road is impracticable on account of the
cold.
Thomas Jefferson is the originator of the pro-
ject of a commercial communication, within our
own territory, between the Atlantic and Pacific;
but railroads being of modern invention, did not
enter into his plan. As early as 1834, Dr. Hart-
well Carver, of western New York, spoke and
wrote in advocacy of a railroad to the Pacific. After
him Asa Whitney became an earnest advocate of
the project—devoted to it years of untiring labor;
petitioned Congress; wentabroad for information;
explored routes—butfavoring only one,and that
the northern, now advocated by me. Committee
after committee, in both branches of Congress, re-
ported favorably. A majority of the States of the
Union memorialized Congress in behalf of this
northern route; and among those States are to be
found Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, Maryland,
and Kentucky. Then, sir, we had no settlements
upon the Pacific.
Mr. WARREN. Will the gentleman yield the
floor, that I may ask him a question ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I will do so.
Mr. WARREN. No proposition has been or
will be submitted to this Congress, in which I
j feel a more abiding interest, than in this Pacific
i railroad. I desire, now, to ask the gentleman
i whether, in the event that the committee raised
shall report that the southern route is the most
practicable and the cheapest, be would support it
as he would support the northern route which he
recommends himself? Now, I am prepared to
support any Pacific road, believing it to be a great
national project; and I ask the gentleman whether
he will be equally liberal, and support any route
that may be reported by the committee, in the
i event that it be determined by that committee, and
proven to be the cheapest and most piacticable ?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. No, sir; becausc it
is the most inconvenient, and will accommodate
the least number of the inhabitants of the country.
It is not in the line of commercial intercourse, and
will not accommodate the commercial interests of
I the nation. One other reason why I would not
i support a southern route is, that for several years
, past a great deal of talk has been heard m the
j Union of a southern confederacy; and I will not,
] while that talk is rife, cast a vote for a railroad
! for the benefit of that confederacy, until we know
j whether it is to be held in the Union or not.
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would also ask
I the gentleman from Wisconsin whether li£ would
i go for any other railroad, or the particular one
; to which the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Warren] refers, if that route should be lound to
be the shortest from the great center of popula-
tion—say the city of New York?
Mr. BILLINGHURST. No; not for that rea-
son. I believe that, as statesmen, we should avail
ourselves of the natural channels of commerce.
The St. Lawrence has already furnished a chan-
