2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
cases where the title set up was imperfect but
equitable.
As there was no tribunal with power to declare
definitely what claims were supported by perfect
titles, John McDonough, as his only recourse at
law, brought suit before the United States court
in New Orleans, to test the validity of his claim
to the land now in question. That court, in 1849,
gave judgment in his favor. An appeal was
taken to the Supreme Court, where, in 1853, the
judgment of the district court was reversed, on
the ground that the court below had no jurisdic-
tion of the case under the said law of Congress,
inasmuch as the title of McDonough was claimed
to be, and was adjudged to be, a perfect title. In
this anomalous condition, thrown out of court
because his title was not found to be imperfect,
with no power to which an appeal can be taken,
except to the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, the representatives of McDonough ask
that Congress will, without delay, confirm their
claim to the said tract of land, which has been
hold in undisputed possession, occupancy, and
cultivation, since before 17G0.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
DEMPSEY PITTJVIAN.
An act (S. No. 95) explanatory of an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of Dempsey Pitt-
man, "approved August 1G, 1856.
The hill provides that the act approved August
16/1856, entitled " An act for the relief of Demp-
sey Pittman," be so construed as to authorize and
direct the Sccictary of War to pay to Dempsey
Pittman the compensation and allowances of a
colonel of infantry for the period of five months,
in full consideration for his services in Florida in
1838.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
BENJAMIN WAKEFIELD.
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Benja-
min Wakefield.
The bill authorizes and directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to pay to Ben-
jamin Wakefield the difference of pay between
thatof master's mate and boatswain, from the 1st
of January, 1848, to the 19th of January, 1850.
The petition of Benjamin Wakefield is, that he
be allowed the difference of pay between that of
a master's mate and boatswain, while performing
the duties of the latter grade on board the United
States ship Preble. In an affidavit attached to his
petition he deposeth, that he entered the Navy of
the United States, at the navy-yard at Brooklyn,
New York, on the 24th of June, 1846; that on the
15th of August following he was transferred from
the navy-yard to the United States ship Preble,
Commodore W. F. Shields, and by him was or-
dered to pctform the duties of boatswain of the
ship, there being no officer of thatgiado attached
to the ship, although the regulations of the Navy
Department allowed such an officer; that, at the
request of Commodore Shields, the memorialist
wrote to Hon. George Bancroft, then Secretary
of the Navy, asking that he should be appointed
by the Department a boatswain, or an increase of
pay, should he be continued in the performance
of the duties of that grade; that the Secretary of
the Navy, in his reply, directed to Commodore
Shields, held forth inducements to the memorialist
to hold on to the situation to which Commodoic
Shields had appointed him, until a vacancy should
occur for promotion in that grade; that the me-
morialist proceeded to sea in the ship, and on ar-
riving at the port of Callao, he again applied, on
the 29th of February, 1848, through Commodore
Jones, commanding the Pacific squadron, to the
Secretary of the Navy for an increase of pay or
an appointment as boatswain; that the Secretary
of the Navy, under date of 18th of May, 1848,
issued an order to Commodore Jones to the fol-
lowing effect: " Youare hereby authorized togive
acting appointments to Benjamin Wakefield, &c.,
and drop his rate as master's mate on board the
,Preble, to take effect on the 1st of January last,"
Subsequent to the receipt of the order, the Preble
Railed for San Francisco, thence to Monterey and
Mazatlan, and thence to China, where, having
cruised for a length of time, she returned to the
Pacific station, communicating in September,
1849, with Commodore Jones, at the Sandwich
Islands, and subsequently, in December of the ,
same year, proceeded to San Francisco, Califor-
nia; that on or about the 15th of January, 1850,
the above-named order from the Navy Depart-
ment to Commodore Jones was communicated to
the memorialist for the first time, by Commander
Glynn, then in command of the Preble; that the
memorialist was at that time in bad health, and
severely afflicted with rheumatism, induced, as he
believes, by a continuous service of three years
and seven months, in consequence of which he
was compelled to decline said appointment, being
entirely unlit for service, and to seek, relief on
shore: that he was discharged from the ship on
the 19th of January, 1850.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
J. WILLCOX JENKINS.
An act (S. No. 74) for the relief of J. Willcox
Jenkins.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay J. Willcox Jenkins the
difference between the pay of captain's cleik and
a purser of a first class sloop-of-war, from the 1st
of January to the 30th April, 185G, during which
time he was the acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Jamestown.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
FABIUS STANLEY.
An act (8. No. 208) for the relfef of Fabius
Stanley.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay to Fabius Stanley, as full
compensation for ius services daring the time he
was actually on duty and attached to the navy-
yaul at Mare Island, California, at the rate of
$2,100 per annum, deducting therefrom the pay
he received for hid services dm ing that period.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. KELSEY". There are eight adverse re-
ports from the Court of Claims upon the Calen-
dar, next in order; and I move that they be passed
over.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that they
be reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that the reports be concurred in.
They were read, as follows:
An adverse report (C. C. No. 1G7) in the case
of Charles Wiikes.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 1G8) in the case
of William Davenport.
An adverse report (C. C. No, 1G9) in the case
of William IJ. Fitzgeiald.
An adverse repent (C. C. No. 170) in the case
of ."John L, Worden,
An adverse report (C. C. No. 171) in the case
of John H. Wng^aman.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 172) in the case
of John L. Wirt.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 173) m the case
of Jonas P. Levy.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 174) in the case
of Logan llunton.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. There are two re-
ports which I should like to have excepted.
The CHAIRMAN. Which two ?
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Nos. 170 and 171.
I move that they be reported to the House with
the recommendation that they be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and then the re-
mainder of the reports were laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
the reports be concurred in.
E. GEORGE SQUIEU
A bill (H. R. No. 553) for the relief of E.
George Sqtiier, of New York. [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
WILLIAM K. JENNINGS.
Am act (S. No. 29) fur the relief of William IC.
Jennings*, and others. [Objected to by Mr. Kel-
sjet.J
33ASII; IVUGNAVI^T.
A bill (H. R. No. 5G3) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Basil Mignault, an officer of the
revolutionary war. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennefc>s«e.]
JOHN ROBB.
An act (S. No. 184) for the relief of John Robb
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
MICHAEL NOURSE.
A bill (C. C. No. 8) for the" relief of Michael
Nourse. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN ROBB.
A bill (C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John Robb.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
ASBURY DICKINS.
A bill (C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury
Dickins. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
MOSES NOBLE.
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble. [Objected to by Mr. Letciier.]
GEORGE A. MAGRUDER.
A bill (C. C. No. 11) for the relief of George
A. Magruder.
Mr. LETCHER. That bill is reported with
the recommendation that it do not pass. It ought
not to have been heie. I object to it.
GARDNER AND VINCENT.
A bill (H. R. No. 569) for the relief of Gard-
ner and Vincent and others.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
^ upon the production of satisfactory evidence, to
| audit and settle the several accounts of Gardner
: and Vincent; A. S. Gardner; A. F. Holmes; G.
! B. Murphy; C. C. Carlton; N. E. Crittenden;
I O, A. Brooks & Co. and W. Bingham & Co. for
! goods, &c., furnished the United States marine
hospital at Cleveland, Ohio, during the superin-
tendence of John Coon, and to pay the amounts
found to be due.
It appears, from the report, that these several
parties furnished various materials for the com-
pletion of the marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
in 1851. Mr. Coon, the late superintendent, cer-
i tiiies to this fact, lie says: These goods were
famished for the use of the United States marine
hospital under my direction, as agent for the Gov-
ernment. All of" the goods were used in prepar-
ing said hospital for the reception of patients,
under instructions to me from the Secretary of the
Treasury. The prices stated in the accounts were
proper and reasonable, and the accounts have
never been paid." This statement is sworn to
by Mr. Coon, and the reason given for not paying
I the accounts is that the appropriation ran outbe-
j fore they were paid.
| The Gill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
] LIEUTENANT LOOMIS L. LANGDON.
| A bill (I-I. R. No. 590) for the relief of Loomis
! L. Langdon.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to credit the account of second Lieutenant Loomis
L. Langdon, first artillery. United States Army,
with §1,176 G6; it being the amount stolen from
his possession, at Fort Brown, on the night of
the 23d of October, 1857.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read the report.
The CHAIRMAN. The report accompanying
this bill has been mislaid. The Clerk has sent
for it, and it will be read as soon as it can be
found.
Mr. BRYAN. The circumstances are these:
Lieutenant Loomis was stationed at Brownsville.
There was a fire there, and his commanding offi-
cer ordered him, with his men, to extinguish the
flames. During his absence on that duty, his
chest was broken open and the money stolen.
These are tho facts as they appear in papeis le-
leried to the committee, and with which they
were satisfied.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was it his money
or the money of the Government?
Mr. BRYAN. The money of the Govern-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk has the report
in this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Read it.
It appears, from the report, which was read,
that in the month of May* 1857, the asbMtunt com-
missary of subsistence, United States Army, sta-
tioned at Brownsville, Texas, was oidered away
from that post, and Lieutenant Loomis L. Lang-
don, of the first artillery, appointed to discharge
