1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425.
35th Cong....1st Sess. Exposition of the Kansas Conference Act—Mr. Bennett.
Ho. of Reps.
of the convention; he should therefore run, but not
as against the nominee. And so it may be said of
this " false Washita" route. It may be called a
central route, but no one who reads the arguments
upon which it rests, can fail to perceive that even
if it is a central route, it is nota central route " as
against the South." It runs " two hundred miles
further south than the twenty million living north
of it ought to be asked to go," and then when it
reaches the Pacific side has to run two hundred
miles back again to the north to reach San Fran-
cisco. It requires the railroad to commence on
the Mississippi river, and thus loses four hundred
miles of water navigation, furnished by the Mis-
souri and Kansas rivers, in their course due west,
and may thus be said to throwaway seven oreight
hundred miles.
On the true central route, availing ourselves of
the navigation of the Missouri river and striking
the great Colorado of the Westat its junction with
Grand river, where Fremont supposed it to be nav-
igable—and which supposition has since been con-
firmed—we should only have a thousand miles of
railroad travel between the navigable waters of
the two oceans. This is the great feature of the
central route; and, taken in connection with the
superiority of its soil and supply of wood and
water, has heretofore given it the preference with
the emigration to the Pacific, and dotted the line
with settlements, whilst the other routes have
never been used by the emigrants in their exodus
to the Pacific, and remain uninhabited.
EXPOSITION OF THE KANSAS CONFERENCE ACT.
SPEECH OF HON. H. BENNETT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BENNETT said:
Mr. Chairman: An act has been passed by this
Congress, relative to the admission of Kansas,
sending back to the people of that Territory the
Lecompton constitution, which they had rejected,
offering them large inducements to accept it, and
enacting severe penalties if they refuse—an act
intended to force upon them a constitution which
it is known they have disapproved and con-
demned— a most improper and unprecedented
intervention by Congress with, and an attempt at
coercion over, the people of Kansas. And this
act has been so artfully devised as to receive dif-
ferent interpretations. Its meaning is a subject
of dispute. It is a curiosity m more than one re-
spect. A correct exposition of this extraordinary
act, passed under the operation of the previous
question, is a matter of great public interest; and
1 now avail myself of the first opportunity to ex-
amine "the Kansas conference act," intending
only to give an outline of this leading measure
of the Administration—to point out its false pre-
tenses and false statements; to expose the frauds
concealed and the purposes designed; to predict
beforehand the course of proceeding that will be
adopted under it; to hold it up in its true character
to the scorn and condemnation of all honest men.
Here, and now, I desire to place upon record my
exposition of that act and my predictions of its
consequences. Time will verify their truth and
justice.
All that is important in the pretended facts set
forth in the preamble are notoriously false! and
every material provision of the act covers a fraud!
I. Thepreamble states in substance that the peo-
ple of Kansas did, by a convention, " form for
themselves"the Lecompton constitution! The peo-
ple of Kansas never made or adopted that instru-
ment. It was the work of a faction, accomplished
by fraud. The convention that made it was ille-
gally called by an unauthorized Legislature, was
illegally chosen and constituted; and did not, in
any sense, represent the people of Kansas. 1
prove this:
1. By the Delegate representing the people of
Kansas in Congress, who denies its authenticity
and brands it as a fraud.
2. By the Legislature of Kansas, who deny its
validity, and unanimously condemn it as false
and fraudulent.
3. By the People of Kansas themselves, who
compelled its submission, and then spit upon it
and spurned it! A few stragglers—128—voted
for it. But the people denied that it was their act
or deed, by a vote of 10,226! Could there be any
stronger condemnation, or any higher proof that
this thing was not made by the people?
4. By this very Congress that has passed the
act. This House, by a majority of eight, rejected
the Lecompton constitution and adopted the Crit-
tenden amendment, sending the whole matter back
to the people, because they had been allowed no
voice in making or ratifying that constitution!
In spite of party drill and discipline, and in deli-
i ance of sectional prejudices, a majority of this
House determined that the people of Kansas
should not be forced into the Union under this
constitution, got up fraudulently by a minority,
to establish slavery, but should be allowed to
make a constitution for themselves!
Amongst those so voting, and, as they declared,
for that especial reason, were the two members
from Indiana, [Mr. English and Mr. Foley;]
the six members from Ohio, [Mr. Cox, Mr.
Cockerill, Mr. Groesbeck, Mr. Hall, Mr.
Lawrence, and Mr. Pendleton;] and the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Owen Jones,] they
first voted for the Crittenden amendment! and
afterwards voted for this act! and without their
votes it could not have passed ! How could these
men sanction this falsehood against all their pre-
vious declarations, letters, and speeches, and
against their recorded votes ?
II. It states (as a distinct and separate matter)
; that an ordinance was also adopted. Calhoun cer-
tifies that the ordinance was " submitted as a part
of the constitution by the convention." The ordi-
nance is here represented as a separate instrument;
because it is intended to submit the ordinance to
a vote; but not to submit the constitution, and the
fact is misstated accordingly.
III. It is also stated that the constitution and the
ordinance were presented to Congress, and that
the ordinance was not acceptable to Congress. In
legal effect, that is the same as saying the consti-
| tution was acceptable, and the ordinance objected
i to. 41 Expressio unins, exclusio alterius." That is
i falsehood number three. It was the constitution
, that was not acceptable to Congress, because it
, never had been sanctioned by the people, but had
j been rejected by them. No attention was paid to
j the ordinance. It fell, of course, with the consti-
! tution of which it formed a part. As a separate
matter it was not objected to, or even considered
or voted upon by Congress. The members I
have referred to opposed this constitution, and
voted to substitute the Crittenden amendment;
yet now they vote to declare that this constitution
was acceptable to Congress !
After these false statements, it declares the ob-
ject of the act; that it is to ascertain whether the
people concur in the changes in the ordinance,
(not in the constitution,) and desire admission
upon the terms proposed.
The act proposes the terms; all of which are upon
the express condition that Kansas shall be doomed to
Slavery forever, under this rejected Lecompton consti-
tution, which establishes slavery, and provides that it
shall never be abolished! The terms are not offered
to the people of Kansas, upon their admission as
a State, but only m case of their admission under,
and submission to, this rejected prc-slavery mi-
nority constitution. They are to be allowed no
choice as to what constitution they shall adopt.
They must accept the one to which they are op-
posed, but which is demanded by this Adminis-
tration and the slave Democracy, or all the offers
made by this act are withdrawn. Unless they
will make Kansas a slave State, they can have no
terms; and it is only with slavery that the'ycan be
admitted as a State under this act!
IV. The first section of this act offers the people
of Kansas two sections of the public lands in each
township for schools, (equal to one eighteenth
! part of all the public lands;) seventy-two sec-
tions for a State university; ten sections for pub-
lic buildings; twelve salt springs with six sections
j of land adjoining to each, and five per cent, of the
proceeds of the sales of ail the public lands in the
Territory. I have procured from the Land Office
a statement of the amount:
Area of Kansas  126,283 sq. miles.
Equal to ....*. ,.80,821,121 acres.
School grant    4,490,069 acres.
154 selected sections..     98,560 acres.
Grant in lands  4,588,683 acres.
Worth at least (say) $20,000,000
The five per cent, (say)  4,500,000
Value of proposed terms $24,500,000!
Estimating the population of Kansas at forty
thousand, (a fair estimate,) here is a bribe offer.ed
out of the public property of more than six hun-
dred dollars each, to every man, woman,and child,
in the Territory, to induce the people to change
their votes, and make Kansas a slave State ! A
bribe in case the people surrender their right of
adopting such a constitution as they approve, and
accept the one dictated to them by the slave power,
which they have once rejected, by a vote almost
unanimous! To be paid, if they accept the price
and change their votes, otherwise to be withheld!
If an individual had offered a voter five dollars to
change his vote on the same subject, he would
justly be subjected to criminaland infamous pun-
ishment ! Yet this act proposes a wholesale sys-
tem of bribery, for the purchase and sale of a
majority of all the voters in the Territory! And
that, too, without any regard to the ordinary rules
of economy.
When the managers on the part of the House
and Senate met to devise this scheme, a few votes
were wanted in Congress, and a great many in
Kansas, before the Lecompton constitution, by
any artifice, could be adopted and put into op-
eration. Had this act made a "proposition,"
without any cover or indirection, to give every
man in Congress, or m Kansas, who was opposed
to the Lecompton constitution, and who would
change his vote and support it, 2,000 acres of pub-
lic lands, and a preference over all others in its se-
lection and location, it would have been less objec-
tionable than in its present form. It would not
have included those who were already in its favor,
and who therefore needed no bribe; it would not
have included and insulted honest men, who would
not take a bribe; it would have been a corrupt and
immoral " proposition," but made only to the ve-
nal and corrupt; I have no doubt it would have
saved three fourths of the amount that this act of-
fers to give; and it would have said what it meant,
plainly and directly.
But the infamy of this act is not yet fully dis-
closed. Not only does it offera reward, if slavery
is accepted, but it provides a penalty in case it
is refused. It provides that Kansas shall not
be admitted except as a slave State; shall not be
admitted except under this constitution. If sla-
very and Lecompton are rejected, Kansas cannot
be admitted as a State—not under this act; not for
many years; not with its present population; not
till it has been more than doubled; not till Con-
gress sees fit to have a census taken; and then, (in
case it has the required population,) as a slave or
free State, as time and chance may determine.
The people of Kansas may decide for slavery; but
not for freedom!
This act allows the people of Kansas to choose
whether they will accept the proffered bribe, but
not what their constitution shall be. That is dic-
tated to them, and against their will—imposed
upon them. If they decide to be admitted, it must-
be as a slave State, or not at all. If they will not
consent to slavery, they are to be sent back to
that bitter school in which they have been in-
structed for the last four years, to learn submis-
sion. They are to be remanded back to a terri-
torial condition, to the tender mercies of that odi-
ous despotism, beneath which they have suffered
so long, and from which they are struggling for
deliverance.
An insulting discrimination is made against
freedom, in favor of slavery. It can be admitted
now as a slave State, with a population of omy
forty thousand. But it cannot be admitted as a
free State. And this odious distinction—this pref-
erence of slavery over freedom—is made in refer-
ence to a Territory that was pledged to freedom
