1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLORE.
im
occupies; and I do not believe that we shall have
a proper enforcement of the laws, that we shall
have order, security of property and of life, while
that man occupies the place he now fills.
The Senator from Tennessee thinks the city
ought to protect life and property, and he says
that the city authorities have the power to do so.
Certainly they have; but they do not do it; and
I think very little is attempted to bring it about.
Why, sir, a few weeks ago, near where I dwell,
and in the presence of'a gentleman with whom I
board, a person in this city drew a knife, a large
bowie knife, and made an assault. He was taken
on the spot by individuals who intended to take
him before the police authorities. A police officer
came up, took him himself, stepped a few steps,
and told h«n to cut, and then raised a huc-and-
cry, and went m another direction. Sir, there are
police officers in this city who, I believe, would
be arrested in New York or Boston on suspicion
the moment they showed their faces. They are
worthless men, in sympathy, and in harmony, I
believe, with some of the men who are violating
the laws in this city.
I shall vote for this bill. I shall vote for it in
the hope that a force will be appointed composed
of men of individual character—men who do not
live daily in the rum-shops or the gambling-houses
of this city. I hope men will be appointed who
will perform their duty, and not run away, as we
have the evidence that a police officer of this city
did a few days ago, when two persons were shot
near the Capitol, and refused to give Ius testi-
mony, because he was afraid of his life. I hope,
too, if it can be done, that this force will be ap-
pointed without any connection with politics; for
all over our country, m this city, in the cities in
my section of the country, and everywhere, law
and order, the security of propeity and of life, are
often put in peril by the appointment of worth-
less partisans to these positions. New York city,
and other cities, have suffered in this way; and I
believe it is one of the chief troubles in this city
at the present time.
I want to ask the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, who has repoited
this bill, and has my thanks for repotting it, why
if. is necessary to give the power to the Secretary
of the Interior to dismiss these men? I find, in
tiie first section, that the chief is to be appointed
by the President, and confirmed by the Senate;
that the captain, lieutenants, and men, are Jo be
appointed by the chief, with the approval of the
Secretary of the In'terior; " and may be dismissed
by the chief at his pleasure, or upon the order of
the said Secretary." Now, it seems to me that
there is no necessity for this double power of re-
moval. I think the chief may remove the men,
and should have the power to do so at pleasure;
but I cannot see why the Secretary of the Interior
should have it.
Mr. BROWN. I will state to the Senator my
object in putting that provision there. I wanted
to increase the responsibility of these men. I
know that the relations which may exist between
the chief and his men may be such that he will
not at all times hold them to a proper accountabil-
ity; and in such a case as that, I want the Secre-
tary of the Interior (not the present one, as the
Senator from Virginia has said, but any subse-
quent one,) to have the power of removal, inde-
pendent of the chief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Your bill does not ac-
complish that. He cannot act independently of
the chief, as I understand the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I think he can. Certainly that
was the design—that the chief shall have power
to remove a man at his own will and that the Sec-
retary may order him to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read the bill.
Mr. BROWN. If it does not express that, it
is not as I intended. The language is, "and may
be dismissed by the chief at his pleasure, or upon
the order of the said Secretary." If it does not
carry out the idea I have expressed, let it be
amended.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It reads differently from
what I supposed.
Mr. BROWN. The object was, as I said be-
fore, to accumulate responsibility on these men.
The chief must be appointed by the President.
The President is not always accessible to those
who choose to complain. Besides, his mind is
too much engaged about other things. Then the .
whole execution of the law having been put, as
I think, most properly under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior, he being the only head
ofa Department that has anything to do with these
local affairs, I thought it right that he should hear
a complaint, even against a single guardsman,
and on being satisfied that he was an improper
officer, have power to order the chief to dismiss
him, and then the chief would have no discretion
about it. He may remove a man without consult-
ing the Secretary, but is compelled to do it if the
Secretary orders it to be done.
Mr. IvERSON. I shall vote for this bill, al-
though I confess I do it with a great deal of re-
luctance. One of the grounds of my reluctance is
that suggested by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee; it is really holding out an inducement
and encouragement to the city of Washington to
neglect the duty paramounton that city to protect
the lives and property of its citizens. After a
while, the Federal Treasury will have to feed and
clothe the citizens residing in Washington city.
They call upon us to pave their streets, and we
appropriate from two hundred to three hundred
thousand dollars a year to pave the streets for the
convenience of the people of Washington, They
have called on us to expend two or three million
dollars to furnish them with water. I voted for
that, as differing from the ordinary appropria-
tions. They called upon Congress, some years
ago, to appropriate ®2,000,000 to relieve them from
a mortgage to the Dutch; and they call upon us
every session to appropriate thousands upon thou-
sands of money for the convenience and use of
the people who reside here.
Is that just? Shall the people in my State be
called on to contribute their mite to protect the
lives and property of the people of Washington
when they have their own to protect? It seems
to me that the old maxim of charity beginning at
home ought first to be applied before they call
upon Congress and the General Government for
these large sums for their protection. My opinion
is, that if you pass this bill, and raise these or.e
hundred men for an auxiliary guaid, you will
never hear of another policeman employed by the
corporate authorities of the city of Washington.
They will throw the whole responsibility, the
whole expense, and the whole burden on Con-
gress to protect their property and their lives.
Now, sir, are they not bound to perform at least
some of this service themselves' Are they not
interested in the preservation of order in the city?
Ought they not at least to pay some portion of
the public burden which is imposed upon the
country to protect them from the rowdyism which
exists here ? I think they are; and yet it seems
to me that the passage of this bill will have the
effect of exonerating the citizens of Washington
from all this expense and all this trouble. They
will go on, step after step, and year after year,
until finally it will become necessary for Congress,
from the public Treasury, to appropriate money
every year to buy food and clothing for all the
poor people in Washington citv. In fact, that
has been already attempted. Two years ago a
proposition was introduced hereto expend a large
amount of money to buy wood for the poor people
of the city of Washington, having no more claims
upon Congress for such an appropriation than the
people of New York, Boston, or any other city
in the United States. Because we have exclusive
jurisdiction over the District of Columbia, must
we appropriate money to build up Washington
city, and put money into the pockets of the people
of tins city? It is wrong in principle; it is not
founded injustice or propriety that the people of
the United States, in every quarter of the country,
should be called upon to promote the individual
interests of the city of Washington.
But, sir, 1 have much more serious objections
to this bill, although, as I said, I shall vote for
it as a mere experiment. I do not believe it is
going to do any good; or very little good, if any.
You are going to raise an auxiliary guard of one
hundred men, to protect the order and peace of
this city, and where are they to come from.' You
are to take them from the very class of society
that commit these depredations. You authorize
the raising of one hundred men, and where will
you get them ? Prom the very lowest class; be-
cause no respectable gentleman will enlist in this
auxiliary guard. You give them a salary ofjfKOO,
to be sure, but that is the lowest salary paid to
any operative or employ? under this Govern-
ment here. The very workmen who Work about
this Capitol get that much. How many respect-
able men are going to engage in this menial ser-
vice, to sit up all night and take care of the lives,
and property of citizens, on, a salary of j|6Q0.?
No t a.goIitary respectable citizen will ever engage
in it. You will have to draw the men from that
very class of society who commit the depreda-
tions against which you are about to provide this
guard—men'who have associations with rowdies;
men who have family connections with them;
men who are of the same tastes and of the same
grade, who sympathize with them, and instead
of enforcing law and order, will be more apt to
screen the depredators from punishment, and
perhaps commit violations of law themselves.
Why, sir, it was but the other night that two
men, near your Capitol, were knocked down by
some ruffians and nearly killed. It is said one of
them now lies at the point of death. Only the
day before yesterday it leaked out that one of the
men who committed the outrage was one of the
police of this city. Another policeman saw the
occurrence; knew who committed the depreda-
tion , and yet has, up to this time, for more than
ten days, perhaps two weeks, refrained from dis-
closing the facts, because, as he stated before the
magistrate, he was afraid that his life would be
in danger if he developed the facts.
The city police, the auxiliary guard you are
about to establish, will be part and parcel of the
very rowdies against whose depiedations you
wish to guard; and what effect will that have? I
hove no doubt that many of the nightly acts of
violfnce which have been committed in this city,
and against which we protest, have been commit-
ted by this very class of individuals, who are
doing it for the purpose of bringing about this
very bill, in order to provide a place for them-
selves upon this auxiliary guard. They commit
these depredations to urge upon Congress the ne-
cessity of raising an auxiliary guard of one hun-
dred men, that they themselves may get employ-
ment at the public expense. I have no doubt that
many of these depredations are committed for
ihat purpose and with that object, and the very
men whom you employ will be "those persons who
are themselves guilty of these horrible transac-
tions. If they are not guilty themselves, they
have cousins and brothers and uncles and friends
and associates who are constantly committing
them, and they will never step forward to exe-
cute I be law as it ought to be executed.
Sir, there is but one way, in my opinion, in
which you can ever have peace and order in the
city of Washington, and that is to make it a mil-
itary station Place here three, or four, or live
hundred regular United States troops, and use
them as an auxiliary guard or police force—men
who have no associations with ihe rabble of the
city of Washington—men who have no connec-
tions with them, who will be kept aloof, under the
discipline of their officers, from associations with
the rabble whocommitthese depredations. When
you have such a force you may expect order and
peace in the city, and never before, in my opinion.
I do not believe much good is coming out of this
auxiliary guard, though I will vote for it as a mere
experiment.
Mr. HOUSTON. This subject is a new one
to me, and I have not had an opportunity to look
into the bill particularly; but I understand the
object to be the improvementand regulation of the
police of the city of Washington. If I am cor-
rectly informed, it is very important to the secu-
rity, and good order, and well-being, of the people
here, that such a measure should be adopted. The
gentlemen who have spoken in opposition to it
have presented objections to the adoption of the
measure; but they have not suggested a remedy
that seems to meet the occasion. The honorable
gentleman from Georgia says that when this force
is organized, doubtless the very persons who
would be selected are those who have contrived
and produced the present condition of things, and
it is a very deplorable one. But in the organization
of the police it is not necessary that persons should
be selected from the city of Washington, who are
identified, either by relationship or association,
with those who have been implicated in the dis-
orders that have taken place. They may be se-
lected from the adjacent country. The induce-
ment will be sufficient to bring persons who are
