1858.
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
nel half way acrossthe continent. Following; that
line directly west we strike the Missouri, and
have three hundred and seventy miles of direct
water communication; and, skipping over a few
hundred miles, you have two hundred and sixty
miles of communication on the Columbia. And
I put it to the gentleman whether railroads can
come into competition with water communica-
tions, as commercial instrumentalities'1
Mr. WARREN". I regret very much that north-
ern gentlemen do not understand the state of pol-
itics that exists in the South. There is no such
thing as a southern confederacy there. We in the
South are national men. I want the gentleman
from Wisconsin to understand that 1 did not
mean to defeat his project, but simply to test the
fact whether he was of the same school of politics
as southern men are. Southern gentlemen are
prepared to vote for a Pacific railroad (those who
vote for it at all) regardless of thepointas to what
particular State or town it passes through. And
basked the gentleman whether, in the event of
the committee already raised reporting that the
southern route is the nearest and most practicable,
and the cheapest route, he would vote for it, tell-
ing him at the same time that I, as a southern
man, born in the South, reared in the South, at-
tached to southern institutions and southern prin-
ciples, would vote for any Pacific railroad to con-
nect the Atlantic with the Pacific, and to bring
the differentportions of this great nation directly
into a community of feeling. I would do it on this
principle: because it would enable northern and
southern gentlemen to understandeach other, and
to understand the peculiar institutions of their dif-
ferent sections, in order that southern and north-
ern gentlemen may appreciate each othcrand each
other's principles. I take this occasion to say that
wo have no such thing as a southern confederacy,
and we would hate to be driven to such an ex-
tremity.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Who has the floor,the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, or the gentleman from
Arkansas?
Mr. WARREN. The gentleman from Wis-
consin yielded to me the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas was upon the floor in order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I will answer the
gentleman. I do not hold him responsible for
these disunion sentiments. Notat ail; but when
he denies that he is in favor of a southern con-
federacy, I say that southern gentlemen may not ;
be in favor of a southern confederacy exactly,
because I think they intend to have a consoli-
dated Government. Thcieisnoconfederacyabout
it, but a regal empire or something resembling it.
When interrupted, I was speaking of the Pacific
settlements ten years ago. Now we have a pop-
ulation of six hundred thousand there, and very
valuable inhabitants they are, too; forthoy chiefly
supply our coffers. What was then a question
of expediency has now become a matter of duty.
If we. hesitate longer we shall be derelict in that
which would confer more wealth and power upon
our nation than all else within the power of Con-
gress.
Mr. GARTRELL obtained the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. WARREN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I appeal to the com-
mittee to report this bill to the House. There are
other bills on which gentlemen can make then-
speeches as well as this. This is only the regular
appropriation bill for invalid pensions. With the
leave of the gentleman from Georgia, I move that
the committee rise and report the bill
Several Members objected.
, Mr. LETCHER- Gentlemen will have plenty
of chances iwxi week upon other bills.
Mr. WARREN. I insist on my motion that
the committee rise.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 50, j
noes 52. j
Mr. PHILLIPS demanded tellers. j
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Craige, of j
North Carolina, and Dean were appointed. j
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having j
reported—ayes 66, noes 58. j
The committee rose; and the Speaker having ;
resumed the chair, Mr. Wixslow reported that j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the :
Union had, according to order, had the Union i
generally underconsideration, and particularly the
invalid pension appropriation bill, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
VACANCIES ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced Mr. Purviance as
a member of the special committee on the alleged
disbursements of Lawrence, Stone & Co., for the
purpose of influencing legislation, in place of Mr.
Kunkel, of Pennsylvania, excused; and Mr.
Dawes as a member of the special committee on
the conduct and accounts of the late Doorkeeper,
in place of Mr. Puuviance, excused.
CLOSING DEBATE.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. I move that the
debate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the invalid pension appropriation
bill be closed on Tuesday next, atone o'clock; and
on that motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, i call for tellers
on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. CLARK 13. COCHRANE. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PARROTT. Task the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce, for reference merely,
a bill to ascertain and adjust the titles to certain
lands in Kansas Territory.
Mr. PHELPS. The previous question has
been demanded, 1 believe, and a motion to adjourn
is pending. 1 have no objection to the gentleman
from Kansas introducing his bill; but I desire to
have the question of closing debate on this little
pension bill settled.
The House was then divided upon the question
of adjournment—68 voting in the affirmative, and
77 m the negative.
Mr.UUFPINTON demanded the yeas and nays
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. liUFFINTON. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BENNETT. I objcct.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G6, nays G9; as follows:
YEAS—Me^sis. Abhoit, Andirvve, Bennett, Billmghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Boi-oek, Biayton, Bryan, Burliojrame,
Burus, Burroughs Ca^e, Chaffee, Ezm Clark, Ilotaee F.
ChukjClaik B. Cochin no, Colfav, Com mis, Covode, Curtis,
Dean, Dodd, DurlVe, Gilinan, Gooob, Goodwin, Gianger,
JIdilan, f loard, Hot ion, (Inward, Geoige W. Jones, Kellogg,
Kel«ev, Kilgoio, Knapp, Leach, Lovcjoy, Maynard, Mor-
gan, Mon jIL TCdwuid Joy Morris Freeman II. Morse, Oliver
A. Mone, Mmrru, Ohn. Palmei, Parker, Potter, Pottle,
l'uiviance.Unitni.ui, Jlol>bins,lloj ce, Jndson W. Sherman,
William Smith, Spinner. Stanton, Tappan, Thaver, Wal-
bu;l:;e, Walion. (.'.ulwulruler O. Washbumc, Ellilm B.
Wa^hlmni!'. and Israel Washburn—fif>.
NAYS—Me^is. Adrain. Avery, Baik^dale. Bowie, Buf-
fi n ton, Burnett, John B. Clatk, Clay, Coekenil, Corning,
Cok, James Cttus. Burton Ci.nce, Cut i v, D.vnnell, Davis ol
Jowa, Dowdell, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Gain ell, Gid-
diness Greenwood, Green, Groe.sbeek, Ilatch, Hopkins,
llou-ion, JIujrhes, Ilujler, Jackson, Juwcit, J. Clancy
Jones faeoh M. Kunkel, Lamar. Lnndy, 1-eidy, Letcher,
Humphrey Maishall, Mason. Miles Miller, Million, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Pendleton, Peyton. Phelps Philiip®, Ready,
Bcasian, UoberM, Baffin, Rti^eli, Scni ma. Jlenry M. Shaw,
Smf.'leion, Sfalhvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stewai t,Geoige
Taylor, Mile^ Taylor,Tompkins, Underwood. Wade. War-
ren", White, Wonendyke, and Au^usuh R. Wright—69.
So the motion was not agieed to.
Mr. STANTON. Has the previous question
upon the resolution <>f the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania been seconded3
The SPEA f\KR. It has not.
Mr. STANTON. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tellers.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn until Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. Tho House has already fixed
a day, and the motion is not m order.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
forty minutes) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 25, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. N. Haskell.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, a statement showing the number of troops
stationed in Kansas at the end of each quarter
since the Istday of January, 1855; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Stuart, was ordered to he on-the
table; and a motion by him to print it, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of commis-
sioned officers of the Rifle Company of Michigan
militia, called into the service of the United States,
to aid in maintaining the neutrality laws during-
the disturbances on the Canadian frontier in 1838^
praying to be allowed extra pay and bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented the petition of ship-owners,
merchants, and others at Detroit, Michigan, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law to regulate and es-
tablish a system of lights to be carried by sailing
vessels navigating the lakes; which was referred
to tho Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Sarah W.
Halsey, widow of Silas Halsey, an officer of the
Army who died of disease contracted in the ser-
vice, praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Elijah
R. Huff and others, praying for the establishment
of a mail route between St. Joseph's, Missouri,
and Marysville, in Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. ALLEN presented seven petitions of offi-
cers of the Rhode Island militia, praying that fur-
ther provisions bylaw bo made for equipping the
militia of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of New Yoik, praying that the
public lands may be laid out in farms, or lots of
limited size, and granted, free of cost, to actual
settlers not possessed of other lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of Ma-
jor J. L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster m
the Army, praying to be released from liability for
public money stolen from his possession; which,
with his papers on file, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of Thomas Pho-
nix, Jr., praying to be allowed extra compensa-
tion for the time he was employed as a paymas-
ter's clerk in the Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. 1VERSON. I present a memorial of offi-
cers of the Army, praying that the regiments of
cavalry may be consolidated into one corps, lam
opposed to the prayer of the memorial; but, out
of respect to the officers, I present it; and move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a memorial of
merchants and importers of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia, praying that the duties paid by them on
goods destroyed by fire in 1850 and 1851 may be
refunded; which was referred to the Committor
on Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Eunice
Brown, praying to be allowed arrears of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. DAVIS. I present a memorial from a num-
ber of officers of the United States Army, pray-
ing for an amalgamation of all the mounted corps
under one name, as cavalry or dragoons. They
also annex to their memorial something Jike a
petition for redress of grievances, setting forth the
fact that junior officers have been promoted over
seniors in new regiments. I think this is a com-
plaint without a grievance, unless the Executive
is limited in the filling of original appointments
to the rule of seniority. However, I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Military Affaiis and the Militia
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I am requested to present a
memorial, and I beg leave to say a few words in
explanation of its contents. It comes from certain
of our fellow citizens who, during the years 1855
and 1856, emigrated to the county of Richardson,
in the Territory of Nebraska, acid now find them-
