urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE,
April 5,
temperate, regular in their habits, and not iden-
tified with any of the disorders of this place, and
let them krtow that they have a certain amountof
character to maintain by thejr vigilance, their ac-
tivity, and their fidelity, and you may organize a
coJps that will be very efficient, and become in-
dispensably necessary^ 'We all admit, th&t for
the irregularities, the acts of violence, and other
disorders, there ought to be a remedy; and it is a
ch&rge upon the people in Washington that it is
necessary for Congress "to make provision to em-
ploy a police force for the city'of Washington.
It' is peculiarly situated and different from all
other cities of thS Union.
There is no other city that is extended over as
vast an area as Washington in proportion to its
population. It is in the suburbs and the streets
remote from business that these outrages are per-
petrated. Washington city is not a commercial
place, and' the men who resort here are not of the
character for thrift and enterprise that are to be
found in other cities. They are drawn here by
various influences and circumstances. They are
generally employes—certainly a large portion of
them—of the Government; and they have not the
means of contributing in the same proportion that
the same number of inhabitants, if business men,
wosild have. I grant you that they are not able
to furnish a police, and make the improvements
necessary not only to the general comforts of a
city on so extended a scale; but it is very import-
ant that the members of Congress and the officers
of the Government who resort here should have
conveniences, some of which have been stated, as
water supplies and other things necessary. The
citizens cannot incur this expense. I do not think
the citizens here ought to "be reproached because
they have needed wood for the comfort of the
poor in winter, in extremely bad weather, when
visitations of Providence have come upon the
country. It seems to mo that we ought to have
some sympathy with the people of this District;
and if we, fiom our connection with the Govern-
ment, are more fortunate than they are, it ought
not to exclude them from a certain degree of con-
sideration and sympathy on our part.
ft reminds me ofa circumstance that took place
when 1 was talking to a tribe of poor Indians, at
Austin, in Texas. They were Lepas, or Mus-
calero Indians. They were charged with pilfer-
ing, robbing occasionally, and I was remonstrat-
ing against it, and inculcating the necessity 01-
proprietv for their own individual benefit, that
they should assume a local habitation and a name.
They were wandering, like Arabs, from place to
place, encamping at different points. When game
became scarce they abandoned their old encamp-
ment and went to another. They considered that 1
it was necessary to remove in this way, and oh-1
jected to having a local habitation. They said j
that when their deity was angry with them and j
called some person from among them, it was not |
good to stay there any longer lest some other per-!
son should die. They thought the best plan was !
to keep moving. I showed them, as 1 thought!
vei y conclusively, that the com forts of their wives j
and children would be greatly improved if they j
would build little huts and have spaces of ground j
around them for cultivation, where they could i
have domestic animals, and if game was scarce !
they would have the means of subsistence. After J
one of them had reflected for some length of time, :
he said to me," you may tell the chief that I have :
thought of all he has said to me, and the truth is j
this at last: I believe that the white man's God is
a very rich God, and he gives the white man \
everything he wants; but the Indian's God is a >
very poor God and he has nothing to give us, 1
and the Indians have got nothing. That," said
he, l£ is the difference between the white man and
the Indian." It is pretty much so with legisla-
tors that como here; they have everything that is
comfortable, and they do not think of the neces-
sities of the people who have not got as rich a
God ps they have.
Mr. iVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment ?
Mi. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. iVERSON. On this subject I beg leave
to ''"ply to the Senator from Texas, that I think
the rfhes are on the other side. There is nocity,
per:.aps-',inthe world, in which, for the population,
so much money is expended out of the public
Treasury as in the city of Washington. At the
last session of Congress there were over four mil-
lion dollars appropriated, to be expended within
welve months, in the District of Columbia, inde-
pendent of the pay of members of Congress. Four
million dollars, besides the pay of the employes
of the Government, were appropriated to be ex-
pended within the District of Columbia, within
twelve months; and then, when you come to con-
sider the money spent here by members of Con-
gress, by strangers who visit the city on public
business, and by the clerks and other officers of
the Government, you find that there is a vast
amount of money expended here for the benefit
of the resident inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington. If they are not able, with all this vast
expenditure of money among them, this immense
circulation of coin amongst them, J.o keep up a
police for the protection of their own citizens from
the depredations of rowdies and cut-throats, it
seems to me that the seat of Government ought
to be removed to some other point. The very
reason why the people of Washington do not
furnish an efficient police is, because they expect
Congress to do it. We already employ, I under-
stand, an auxiliary guard of thirty men, paid by
the Government of the United States;and the city
of Washington employs what it calls a police—
a very inefficient one, I confess; but it employs a
police which, added to the thirty auxiliary guards-
men, ought to be sufficient, if they are efficient
men, to protect the lives and property and good
order of the city; but that is not accomplished.
The reason why, perhaps, they do not employ an
efficient police, such a one as is necessary and
proper, to protect the lives and property of the
people is, because they look to Congress to do it
for them; and the very inefficiency, the very neg-
lect on the part of the public authorities here grows
out of this expectation that Congress is to pass
this bill and provide a police for them at the ex-
pense of the Government of the United States.
Here is a call on Congress to appropriate §75,000
or $80,000 a year, out of the public Treasury, to
preserve the pence and good order of the city of
Washington, and to protect the lives and prop-
erty of its own citizens, who are bound by every
principle of honor and propriety to protect them-
selves.
Mr. BROWN. My friend will allow me, at
that point 
Air. IVERSON". The Senator from Texas is
entitled to the floor. Me yielded to me.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Texas will
allow me a moment. The Senator from Georgia
speaks of this as though it were entirely new.
This policy of imposing upon the General Gov-
ernment a portion of the duty of guarding this
city is nothing new at all. By this bill you are
only increasing a force which has existed here
for a long time. The report shows how many
men you have on this guard now——•
Mr. IVERSON. I beg leave to ask the Sena-
tor from Mississippi 
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not willing to refer this
controversy to the gentlemen themselves; I have
a band in it. [Laughter.] I believe I shall be
ruled out, if I do not assert my claim. I really
thought that the Senator from Georgia had risen
to propound a question to mo, or to correct some
misapprehension of mine; and I had no idea that
he rose with the deliberate intention of injecting
a speech into the middle of mine. [Laughter. I
lie has effectually done it; and I shall proceed
now, and I hope the gentlemen will wait until I
have concluded before they interrupt me again.
I seldom occupy a place on the floor as an orator,
and I do not like to be interrupted in a speech,
though I am willing to be catechised 011 all occa-
sions.
But, Mr. President, I was going on to remark,
in extenuation of the imputed offenses of the peo-
ple here, that I did not think it was anything un-
usual for them to ask for assistance from Con-
gress. No one supposes that they are capable of
making the necessary improvements to make this
place inhabitable, pleasant, or comfortable; or that
they have the means to do it. The honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia speaks of the amount of money
appropriated for the pay of the Government em-
ployes here. That is in compensation for their
labor. They have their families to sustain out of
it. They are non-residents, you may say; or, if
you please, they are not generally property own-
ers who receive these large sums. The employes
of the Government here receive barely a pittance
sufficient to subsist them and their families to a
limited extent. They have no profusion of wealth
to adorn, beautify, and 'decorate this city—not by
any means. It is necessary that the Government
should do it; and it is proper, befitting the honor
of the nation. Unlike other cities, a large portion
of the property here is exempt from taxation, be-
cause it belongs to the General Government, If
the corporation of Washington were privileged
to collect taxes from the Government upon its
property erected here according to its value, they
would be very well able to defray all the contin-
gent expenses of the corporation; but they have
not this privilege,-and therefore they are beaten
down. They have asked for nothing but what
was necessary for the improvement (if the city;
and, if the employes of the Government have
been requited, and it has taken hundreds of mil-
lions to erect the public buildings, that does not
make the community a wealthy one, and does not
show that it is able to make all the improvements
essential to the city.
The remedy suggested by the gentleman from
Georgia, and the only one that struck me with
great force, was, that we should have several hun-
dred men of the regular army quartered in this
city. Sir, I hope the youngest generations de-
scending from us will never see a military guard
in the city of Washington. It will never be here
until liberty is crushed. Sir, I want no pretorian
guards, no janizaries here. Give us guards of
civilians; let them be alert, adroit, select men, who
are-capable of attending to their duty; and if it is
an objection that men are selected here who are
implicated in the disorders that have taken place,
and have not character, appoin t a responsible offi-
cer at the head, and if they are faulty, hold him
accountable. But a military guard for such a pur-
pose, I cannot agree to. What would be the char-
acter of such a guard ? Of what men generally
is your regular Army composed ? Are they men
who would be suitable guardians of the security
and rights of citizens? Would they be beyond
the temptations and allurements of vice, cupidity,
and avarice ? Are they the men to whose keeping
you 'would be willing to confide the lives, the
honor, the security of our citizens? Would you
have individuals brought from other cities for this
duty, not more moral and circumspect in their
conduct, or of higher-toned honor, than citizens
who could be selected here? The opportunities of
gratifying thievish and pilfering inclinations are
greater in other States than in the city of Wash-
ington. If you bring regular troops here for this
purpose, they will be composed of persons from
other cities; for it is there that the regular Army
is picked up; composed of persons many of whom
are not citizens of the United States, and have no
sympathies with us.
I think the plan suggested by the honorable
I chairman of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, who has properly matured it, who has
considered it on former occasions as well as now,
is the best plcn that can be selected. Perhaps it
is susceptible of amendment. If so, let us make
the amendments that are necessary. The gentle-
men who have been familiar with the police of
cities, and who have had the misfortune to be
reared under the restricted influences of cities, are
the most competent persons to make the neces-
sary suggestions of those amendments that are
necessary to the perfection of this bill, if it is not
now perfect.
I will vote for any bill that has for its object the
improvement of the condition of' the police of this
city, so as to give security to person and prop-
erty, suppress disorder, and put down mob vio-
lence. I will vote for any bill that seems to me
to attain that object. I hope that some remedy
will be found for the existing condition of things.
I do not take the expense into account at all. It
is true that the Treasury is poor now, and we are
rather hard pinched for money. This results from
having paid some of our debts before they were
due. Within the last two years, I think there
was great difficulty here on account of the appre-
hended dangers which were to result from a sur-
plus in the Treasury. We were beset by the busi-
ness men of New York and other cities to dis-
gorge the Treasury of its vast surplus, so. as to
give a spring to business and sustain commercial
transactions. The money was thrown into cir-
culation, and I do not think the community has
