378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
selves involved in serious difficulty there, growing
out of the execution of an Indian treaty. In 1830
a treaty was made at Prairie du Chien, with the
Iowas, Sacs and Foxes, and certain other tribes
of Indians, to the effect that a strip of land on the
Missouri river, lying between the Great arid Little
Omaha, extending back a distance of ten miles,
should be reserved for the half-breeds of those
several tribes. In 1837 a survey was made, agree-
ably to the terms of the treaty, and in 1805 the
lands adjacent were surveyed by the United States
Government and sectioned. These memorialists,
as they had a right to do undev the laws of Con-
gress, took possession of those lands, filed their
certificates, declaring their intention to preempt as
prescribed by law. During the last season, it was
discovered by the Indians or their agents, that
there was an error in the original survey, and that
instead of extending back ten miles on the Great
Omaha, the survey extended but eight miles.
They insisted on a resurvey, which the Depart-
ment very properly granted. That resurvey has
been made, and returned to the office; the effect
of which is, that it extends two miles over the
public lands now occupied by citizens who went
from the States of Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
and elsewhere. They went there in good faith;
they have made valuable improvements. The
Government is bound to execute this treaty with
the Indians; but by carrying it out, these citizens
who have gone there will be deprived of their
homes and pioperty. For redress of these giiev-
ances, they memorialize Congress. I move that
the memorial be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, Thai t!u: memonal of J. E. Maitin,on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas It. Carman, on the
files of the Senate, be refeircd to lite Cominntee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordo ed, That the memui Ml of Chailes G liidgely,on the
files of the Senate, be leiened lo the Committee on Foieign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. CHITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Saiah Smith Staftoid, daugh-
ter of James H. Stalioid, on the files of the Senate, be te-
Icrjcd to the Committee on IlovohUiunaiy Claims.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That tin* Committee on Printing cause to be
printed and bound in pamphlet i'oim, in s ueh manner as may
fceem to tli-'iri appiopiiate, lor the use of the Semite, ten
thousand copies ot the addiesses made by the niuinbeis ot
the Semite and membeis oi the House ot Reptesentalm-s,
on the occasion of the death of the lion. James Hull, late
Senator horn New Uanip^hiie; the Hon. A. 1*. Butler, late
Senator liom South Carolina; and the lion. Thomas J.
Kus>k, late Seuatoi liom Te.vas.
FOLDING ROOM.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was refeired to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Sorgeant-at-Arms be authorized to
appoint one of the present messengers an assistant to the
fcupeiiiiteudentof the folding loom, at the same salaiy as
the a.-MMant of the postmaster of the Senate, to commepcc
the Jot of July,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
84) to provide for the better refruhifton of u night
signals" on board " sail vessels" navigating the
northwestern lakes and their tributaries, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
and refeired to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 12) to authorize the Secretary of War to
modify a contract made with Righter & Cram for
the removal of obstructions in Southwest Pass
and Pass a I'Outre, at the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, who were instructed by a resolution
of the Senate to inquire into the expediency of
providing for the appointment of steamboat in-
spectors in the collection district of Florida, and
to whom were referred a petition of citizens of
Franklin county, Florida, and the presentment of
the grand jury of the United States district court
for the northern district of Florida on the subject,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That for reasons expressed m a communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, it is inexpedient to
make the appointments suggested m the resolution.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S.No. 23) for the
relief of Robert Dickson, of the Kentucky volun-
teers, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Agatha,
O'Brien, asked lo be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred
a message of the President, with reference to the
arrest of William Walker, and others who were
with him, on the coast of Nicaragua, to make a
report. It was the wish of the committee that I
should ask the Senate to allow me to avail myself
of a parliamentary privilege, as I understand, to
read the report when it is presented; and it would
seem thcmorc proper, as the subjectis now pend-
ing before the Senate in debate. It will not occupy
more than fifteen or twenty minutes, I should
think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce that the hour has
arrived for the eonsidei ation of the special order.
Mr. MASON. I ask to be allowed to read the
report. It will not occupy more than fifteen or
twenty minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. That is about all the time we
have for the consideration of the special order.
At one o'clock the special otder terminates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
now to be taken up does not terminate at one
o'clock. By unanimous consent, the Senator from
Virginia will proceed.
Mr. MASON proceeded to rend the report of
the committee, which concludes with the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That no further provisions of law are necessary
to confer authoi ity on the President to cause ai rests and sciz-
uiert to be mado. on the high seas, for otlonscs committed
against the act entitled, " An act m addition to the act fm
the punishment of certain crimes against the United States,
and to icpeal the acts therein mentioned,'' approved April
i>(>. 181H.
Resolved, That the place where William Walker and his
follower-* were ariested, being without the juiisdtetinn of
tiie United States, their arrest was without wanant of law.
Hut, in view of the enenmstanees attending it, and it* ic-
sulH, in taking away lrotn the teiritoiy of a State in amity
with the United States, American citizens who were there
with hostile intent, it may not call for imtiiei censme than
as it might hereaiicr be diawn into precedent, ii suflcied to
pas.% without lemaik.
The committee also report a bill (S. No. 85)
supplementary to the act entitled " An act in ad-
dition to the act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States, and to repeal
the acts therein mentioned," approved April 20,
1818; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I desire, as
one member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, to state that, so far as the reportgives a con-
struction to the neutrality laws different from the
one which I felt it my duty to express the other
day, I do not assent to it.
Mr. FOOT. Air. President, as a member of
the committee from whom, thtough Us able and
learned chairman, this report emanates, I desire
to expiess here, as 1 did in the committee, my
concunence in the general principles and propo-
sitions which it lays down. I concur in the accu-
racy of its recital of the facts and circumstances
attending Walker's expedition, and the means
used by our executive government in the attempt
to prevent the carrying oil of that expedition. I
concur with the committee in regarding that en-
terprise as an unlawful one, begun and set on foot
within the jurisdiction of the United States, to be
carried on against a foreign, but friendly Power.
I also concur with the committee in their report
that the President of the United States has ample
power, under the eighth section of the law of
1818, to arrest the carrying on of such expeditions
upon the high seas. With the committee, I re-
gard this not only as an unlawful expedition on
the part of Walker, but in violation of the laws
of the United States, and in defiance of the author-
ity of this Government. I further concur with
the report of the committee in commending the
expressed determination of the President of the
United States, by the use of all the power and
means at his command, to execute and enforce
the neutrality laws of our country, and to sup-
press these hostile expeditions agamstforeign and
friendly Powers.
But in so far, however, as this report, either in
express terms, or by implication, imputes blame
to Commodore Paulding, m taking Walker and
his men from the barren sand bar called Punta
Arenas, within the jurisdiction and territory of
Nicaragua, I am constrained to express my entire
dissent from it. In so far as, in terms, or by impli-
cation, it condemns, or censures, or disapproves
the conduct of that officer in that regard, 1 am
unable to give it my concurrence. In so far as it
asserts or assumes that Commodore Paulding has
violated the neutrality of Nicatagua, or infringed
any rule or principle of international law, or any
law upon your statute-books, or transcended the
instructions of his Government, either in their let-
ter or in their spirit rightly,and fairly construed,
I am unable to yield it my assent.
But, sir, I have not risen to enter into the dis-
cussion of this subject at the present time. If the
debate on this question is to proceed to-day, I
am aware that the honorable Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Pearce] is entitled to the door. I have,
however, felt it due to myself, whilst concuring,
as I do, in most of the positions of this report, to
enter my dissent to it so far forth as it disapproves
of the conduct of Commodore Pauldingin arrest-
ing Walker and his men within the jurisdiction
and temtory of Nicaragua. Under the circum-
stances under which it was done, I yield to that
act my approval and commendation.
Mr. MASON. I do not recollect the day, but
I think there is a day on which the resolution
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin to give a
medal to Commodore Paulding was fixed as the
special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwas the special
order for to-day at oneo'clock, but is superseded
by the other special order set apart for half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I move that the resolutions and
bill accompanying the report be made the special
order for to-morrow at one o'clock, and be printed,
together with the report.
Air. GW1N. I hope no special order will be
made. There are several now. Will this special
ordersupcrscdc those which have been made here-
tofoie for a day next week; for instance, Monday
next ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
; Mr. GWIN. If it does, I shall object to it,
i because an important subject has been made the
j special order for next Monday. If all these special
I orders shall supersede that, or come up before it,
| I shall certainly object.
Mr. MASON. As I understand the rules of
the Senate, when the hour for a special order
arrives, the Chair will call up that order accord-
ing to its precedence; but, by a vote of the Senate,
they can postpone one special order for the pur-
pose of taking up another. They will not inter-
fere with each other in that way, but they are
subject to be controlled by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. The Pacific railroad bill was made
the special order for the first Monday of Febru-
ary, winch is next Alonday,and I wish to know
whether, by making other special orders for days
which intervene between that and this period,
they will set that aside when it comes up ? If not,
I have not a word to say.
Mr. PEARCE. I rise to say that I concur with
the motion just made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. J believe that, at the adjournment of the
Senate on Thursday, 1 was entitled to the floor on
the resolution of the Senator from Wisconsin, but
I would prefer to submit the remarks which I de-
sire to make on that subject to the Senate upon
