1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
up and dispos&of them in their regular order;
and I want to know of my friend from Kentucky-
how he will get through with the Calendar?
Mr. GROW. I sec no objection to the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] to read over the list of bills which have
been reported, and let gentlemen indicate upon
what ones they desire a separate vote, pass such
as there is no objection to, and allow the others
to go over until to-morrow.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. The objection to
that, I expect, is that there are gentlemen here
novi whp have not been here during the day, and
who want time to look over the list, in order to
determine which bills to object to, and upon
which to demand a separate vote.
Mr. LETCHER. There are, I understand,
eighty-nine bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole. Now, I understand that it is pro-
posed to read over the titles of all these bills in
ten minutes, and give gentlemen only that time
to determine upon what bills they wanta separate
vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to my friend from
Virginia that, if he had been here all day listening
to the reading of the bills and reports in commit-
tee, he would have prepared to determine without
any delay what bills, in his judgment, ought to
pass, and what ought not. I say to gentlemen
that it is their own fault if they have not paid at-
tention in committee to-day to the reading of bills,
when a single objection would have prevented
any bill from being reported; and now, to delay
action in the House upon these bills until morn-
ing, would be doing injustice to the other cases
on the Calendar. I hope these bills will be acted
upon to-night, and that we shall go over the bal-
ance of the Calendar to-morrow.
Mr. LETCHER. I will say to my friend from
Kentucky that I think I have been here to-day
much more of the time than he has been.
Mr. BURNETT. I have been here the whole
day, except while I was absent at dinner.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has
indulged this irregular debate long enough. The
titles of the bills reported by the committee will
now be read over, and gentlemen can indicate
upon which ones they desire separate votes.
The following House bills and joint resolutions
reported from the Qpmmittee of the Whole with-
out amendment, and upon winch a separate vote
was not asked, were ordered to be severally en-
grossed and read a third time; and being" engrossed,
they were accordingly read the third time and
passed:
A bill (No. 344) for the relief of Captain Stan-
ton Sholes;
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of Nancy Magill,
of Oluo;
A bill (No. 34C) for the relief of William Sut-
ton ;
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Joseph Webb;
A bill (No. 353) for the relief of Eli W. Golf;
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of Roswell Mi-
nard, father of Theodore Mmard, deceased;
A bill (No. 42) granting a pension to Mary A.
M. Jones;
A bill (No. 3G6) for tbe relief of John Duncan;
A bill (No. 451) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Jean Baptistc Dcvidriric;
A bill (No. 452) for the relief of Dr. Thomas
Antisel);
A bill (No. 453) for the relief of Robert W.
Cushman, formerly an acting purser in the Uni-
ted States Navy;
Joint resolution (No. 22) for the relief of Mi-
chael Pappreniza;
A bill (No. 455) for the relief of Micajah
Brooks;
A bill (No. 457) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
A bill (No. 459) granting an invalid pension to
Silas Stevens, of Virginia;
A bill (No. 4GU) granting an invalid pension to
Beriah Wright, of New York;
A bill (No. 461) granting an invalid pension to
John Lee, of the State of Maine;
A bill (No. 464) for the relief of Cornelius H.
Latham;
A bill (No. 476) for the relief of James
Eumnh;
A bill (No. 480) for the relief of Ferdinand O.
Millen ,N. , .
A bill (No. 481) for the relief of Dinah Minis;
A bill (No. 486) for the relief of Alonzo and
Elbridge G. Colby;
A bill (No. 169) making an appropriation for
the payment of clerks employed in the offices of
the registers of the land offices at Oregon and
Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon;
A bill (No. 490) for the relief of Isaac Body and
Samuel Fleming;
A joint resolution (No. 24) for the relief of
Henry Orndorf;
A bill (No. 492) for the relief of John Dearmit;
A bill (No. 493) for the relief of Stuckey and
Rogers;
A bill (No. 494) for the relief of William Doty
and others;
Joint resolution (No. 25) authorizing the Post-
master General to revise and adjust the accounts
of Kimball and Moore, and Moore and Walker;
A bill (No. 49f>) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Henry King) deceased;
A bill (No. 502) for the relief of Samuel W.
and Alvm A. Turner;
A bill (No. 503) for the relief of Job Stafford,
of the State of New York;
A bill (No. 510) for the relief of Dr. George H.
Howell;
A bill (No. 511) for the relief of Nehemiah S.
Draper and William Holden, heirs-at-law of
Mary Draper, deceased;
A bill (No. 512) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 513) granting an invalid pension to
William Howell, of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 514) granting an invalid pension to
Conrad Schroedei ;
A bill (Nw. 513) granting an invalid pension to ;
Alexander S. Dean, of Pennsylvania; !
A bill (No. 51G) for the relief of Michael A. 1
Davenport, of Illinois;
A bill (No. 518) to continue the pension here-
tofoie paid to Mary C. Hamilton, widow of Cap-
tain Fowler Hamilton, late of the United States
Army;
A Ull (No. 520) for the relief of William Bul-
lock;
A bill (No. 522) for the relief of Wright Fore;
A bill (No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt Grif-
fith ;
A bill (No. 524) for the relief of Francis Car-
ve r;
A bill (No. 525) for the relief of Robinson
Gammon;
A bill (No. 526) for the relief of Frederick
: Smith:
A bill (No. 527) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearson;
A bill (No. 523) for the relief of Judith Nott;
A bill (No. 529) for the relief of John C. Rath-
bun;
A bill (No. 530) for the relief of Stephen Fel-
lows;
A bill (No. 531) for the relief of John Perry, of
Illinois;
A hill (No. 532) for the relief of Ebenezer
Hitchcock;
A bill (No. 533) for the relief of Shove Chase,
of New York;
A bill (No. 534) for the relief of Allen Smith;
A bill (No. 535) for the relief of David Wat-
son;
A bill (No. 5-13) for the relief of the le^al rep-
resentatives of John McDonough, deceased, late
of Louisiana;
A bill (No. 547) for the relief of Benjamin
Wakefield;
A bill (No. 5G0) for the relief of Gardner and
Vincent and others;
A bill (No. 570) fur the relief of Lieutenant
Loomis L. Laugdon;
A bill (No. 571) for the relief of David McClure,
administrator of Joseph MeClnre, deceased;
A bill (No. 572) for the relief of Lewis W.
Broad well;
A bill (No. 573) for the relief of Thomas Ha-
sam and B. S. Brewster;
A bill (No. 575) for the relief of Robert A.
Davidge;
A bill (No. 57G) for the lelief of Douglass Ot-
tingei; and
A bill (No. 446) for the relief of D. O. Dickin-
son.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by winch the foregoing bills and
joint'resolutions were passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The following Senate bills, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House without amend-
ment, were ordered to a third reading; and they
were accordingly severally read the third time,
and passed:
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Laurent Mil-
laudon;
An act (No. 70) for the relief of John Dick, of
Florida;
An act (No. 185) for the relief of Anna M. E.
Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy;
An act (No. 52) for the relief of William B.
Trotter;
An act (No. 59) for the relief of James G.
Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of
the United States Army;
An act (No. 06) for the relief of Susanna T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James M«g-
lenen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
An act (No. 35) for the relief of Michael Kinny,
late a private in company 1, eighth regimentUni-
ted States Army;
A n act (No. 136) for the relief of John B. Hand;
An act (No. 145) for the relief of Brevet Major
James L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster
United States Army;
An act (No. 137) for the relief of William Al-
len, of Portland, in'the State of Maine;
An act (No. 95) explanatory of an act entitled
" An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman,"
approved August 16, 1856;
An act (No. 74) for the relief of J. Willcox
Jenkins;
An act (No. 208) for the relief Fabius Stanley;
An act (No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien;
An act (No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel;
and
An act (No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P. Kel-
ler.
Mr. CIIAFFEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the foregoing Senate bills were passed;
and also moved that the motion to roconsider bo
laid upon the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
The following bills leported from the Commit-
1 tee of the Whole House, with amendments, were
then laken up and disposed of as follows:
A bill (II. R. No. 456) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee;
repoi ted with an amendment to strike out, in line
six, the words " twenty-five "and insert " forty,"
so that it shall read, " forty dollars per month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
An act (ft. No. 91) to continue a pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Moses J. Barnard, United States Army, re-
ported with an amendment to strike out "thirty,"
in line five, and insert " twenty-live," so as to
make it read " twenty-five dollars per month."
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 sincerely hope the House
will not ajjiee to this amendment. It has passed
the Senate in this present shape; and if it is
amended, it wib have to go back to the Senate,
and there will be git at danger that it will be lost
in the pressure of business. I hope the House
will vote down the amendment.
Mr. REX i)Y. Mr Speaker, I hope the amend-
ment to the Senate bill, repoited by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, will not be adopted. Out
of the large number of private bills which the
House has passed to-day, I am sure there is not
onemoie meritoiious than this. Mrs. Barnard
is the widow of one of the most gallant officers
who seived in the Mexican war. I happen to
have a personal knowledge of her. She is among
the most retiring and amiable women Hiave ever
known. Her late husband, Hrevot Major Bar-
nard, was twice wounded while, heroically at-
tempting to plant the btondard of his country on
tho walls of Chepultcpec, of which wound he died
fibout a year afterwards. He left fi widow with a
