1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
profited by it; for I believe the crash came when
our money got all out of the Treasury.' I am in-
clined to think that it is a good plan to keep a little
there. My last few years' experience, at least,
has inculcated the lesson that there is no danger
but an emergency will arise to relieve the Treas-
ury whenever it is necessary to deplete it. I trust
we shall proceed immediately to adopt some plan
that will afford a remedy for the disorders in
Washington city. Let us establish an efficient
policc, that will give security to persons and prop-
erty. Let the officer at its head be responsible
for" the preservation and maintenance of peace.
If he does not secure it, let him pay the penalty.
I will vote for any measure that tends to secure
this result.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I thought, when
the bill was introduced, that I should vote for it.
I do not know but that I may do so now; but if
I do, it will be with great reluctance, for various
reasons, one of which is, that I have not confi-
dence that any good will come out of it, because
all the money we have appropriated heretofore,
which is about twenty thousand dollars a year,
for the police of the city of Washington, has been
misapplied, and has not been spent for the pur-
poses for which it was appropriated. I will make
myself a little plain. Eight or ten years ago, I
think, the city of Washington was as well regu-
lated, so far as its police was concerned, as any
city m the Union. You had at the head of the
auxiliary guard, a policc force paid by the Gov-
ernment, one of the most competent, faithful,
honest, and efficient officers that I think was to
be found in the police in any city in these United
States, Captain Goddard. it turned out that there
came about a revolution in the politics of the city,
and this most faithful and efficient officer, who
did not happen to coincide with the politics of
the majority of the city, was turned out to make
way for a political favorite of the party m power.
From that day to this, the thing has run down,
until this has now got to be the worst governed
city on the face of the earth—probably the very
worst.
Mr. BROWN. My friend will allow me to
interrupt him, as I know he does not want to run
into any historical error. When Captain God-
dard was chief of police here, the policc were
appointed as this bill provides. Congress very
improperly and un wisely transferred the appoint-
ment of the auxiliary guard, chief and all, to the
Mayor of the city. It was in that way that he
was turned out. This is a proposition to correct
that error.
Mr. HALE. I know that. That is what I
said. I did not say who did it. I said there was
a political revolution in this city, and because
Captain Goddard's politics did not happen to co-
incide with the majority, he was turned out—of
course by the city'authorities, and your $20,000
that you appropriated every year to preserve the
peace of the city, was diverted from its proper and
legitimate course by the city government, and
made to reward political partisans, and from that
day to this it has been growing worse and worse.
This bill proposes to remedy the evil in the
manner suggested by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that is, by transferring the police
from the Mayor to the President. I do not know
but that it may be a great improvement. I hope
it will. But 1 want to say here that, unless we
can, by some means or other, take this police out
of the politics of this city and this country, and
appoint men, oud keep them in because they are
fit for their place, you may have one hundred or
two hundred men, and appropriate $75,000 or
$175,000, and you will not remedy the difficulty
at all. There is one source of the difficulty; and
it is so all over the city. You have here the worst
prisons in the whole country, and, I think, on the
face of the earth—the worst set of prisons. What
is the reason ? Because when you go to appoint
a warden, or a keeper, you do not look for a man
that is fit for the place; it is not inquired of him
whether he knows anything about it; it would be
an objection to him if he knew much about it; but
the place is given us a reward to some political
hack. You may make this bill as perfect as hu-
man wisdom can make it; but if it falls into the
same administration that your city police h;«s, it
will do no sort of good. If Captoui Goddard had
been let alone, and if the city eovernnvnt hnd
made police, instead of politics, their business m
spending the money you have appropriated, there
would have been none of these difficulties, and
we should not be reduced to the situation we are
now in.
I am not certain that things have come to that
pass, when -the appropriate question is whether
the seat of Government ought not to be removed ?
I say if we have got into such a community that
life and property are not safe, and that a man
cannot walk the streets except at the risk of run-
ing the gauntlet of assassination, the question is
whether the seat of Government ought not to be
removed; and I would not weigh equal to the
small dust in the balance, the expenditures we
have been at for the public buildings heTre in the
city, for the whole expense of all the public build-
ings here does not amount to the annual increase
of the Government expenditures in a single year,
in President Pierce's administration. Itis a mere
flea-bite; it is not worth being thought of for a
second; and I would sacrifice all this instantly, if
we have come to that pass that we have got into
a community where life and property are not safe.
I say that the proper inquiry will be whether the
proper remedy is not to remove the seat of Gov-
ernment to a civilized portion of the country, and
to a place where the municipal authorities, if they
cannot enforce the law, will, at least, make an at-
tempt to enforce the law.
I know that these remarks are not exactly perti-
nent to the smgiu question under consideration,
which is the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia; but some gentlemen have undertaken to
speak nf the muses of the state of things around !
us, and I may be indulged in a word on that point.
Sir, it is a part of the general disregard of law
which prevails all over the country, m high and j
low. As has been said, when you observe law j
disregarded and trampleduponin high places,you !
cannot expect those that are in the lower grades j
to observe it. i thought of this years ago, and I j
said it. I have thought of it when 1 have seen
your Federal and your State judiciary, by the ;
strong hand of power, trampling down the rights
that were reserved to others and belonged to ;
others — I mean that gross judicial usurpation
which has practically annihilated trial by jury in i
several of the States, and m several of the judicial
circuits of the United States. When I have seen 1
that lawlessness upon the bench, I have thought I
there was ail excuse and an apology for the ruffian i
outside of the court-house, when he perceived :
law and right trampled upon by those whose sa- '
crcd duty it was to administer the law. j
I have not a woid to Kay about the individual ;
who holds the highest place in the criminal court |
in this District; but 1 will say this about his ad- i
ministration: I believe it is utterly inefficient. I ;
have been told by gentlemen who have been con- i
versant with the practice here, (and gentlemen
whose names I might give, if 1 saw pioper, but;
I shall not do so unless i am urged a little harder '
than I am now,) that one of the great causes of 1
the lawlessness and violence that reign in the
streets of this city is the want of a prompt, faith- (
ful, efficient, and energetic administration of the ;
criminal lawas it exists upon your statute-book;
and I believe it. If I vote for this bill, 1 shall;
vote against the bill to raise the judge's salary.
I think there is great force m the suggestion ;
made by the honorable Senator from Mississippi;,
and I d'o not know but what that consideration j
will finally induce me to vote for this bill. It is, .
that this being the Federal capital, the Federal j
Government owes it to those whose duties com- j
pel them to be here, to give them protection, j
But, sir, it is a reproach to Congress, it js a re- (
proach to the city, it is a reproach to the country ;
and to the Government, and the civilized world j
will take notice of it, that to-day, past the middle :
of the nineteenth century, one of the most law- '
less places, where violence stalks abroad unchal- j
lenged and unrebuked, is the very seat of your ;
Federal Government, where your Federal Legis- j
lature sit to make laws, your Federal judiciary ;
to expound them, and your Federal Executive j
to carry them into execution. It is a most cun- [
ous anomaly, and one that must provoke the cen-
sure of Christendom and of the whole civilized
world, to see the state of things which is apparent .
and manifest to everybody. I very much doubt ■
whether the remedy is to be found m this btil;
and J reserve to myself the question whether I ;
shall finally vote for it. 1 think I shall; but I .
would vote for a bill to remove the seat of -Gov-
ernment, I think, quite as readily.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I think
there are peculiar circumstances in this ease,
which require from us, as a matter of dutyjf that
we should provide for an adequate and efficient
police in this city, so as to preserve thepeaee and
secure the lives and property of individuals. -• The
very fact of our session here draws together great
multitudes of people, good and bad. ' We are,
therefore, instrumental, to some extent,^in-.pro-
ducing the very evils which are now upon -us.
This District is under our unlimited control, I
may almost say. We are the rulers and the gov-
ernors of this city, and it is our business and our
duty so to rule it as to secure to every one the
peaceable enjoyment of his rights. We have failed
to do that, and we are for throwing the blame now
upon the city municipal authorities. We have
constituted them, with the hope that they would
afford sufficient protection. They have failed to
do so. Are we at liberty, on that failure, to fold
our arms and say, " We have done all that can be
required of us; the city of Washington requires
too much of us; the city of Washington ought to
do more than it has aone?" Are we to make
these excuses, and let the evil go on increasing
from day to day and from night to night? No.,
sir. It is as much our duty as it is our duty to
govern any portion of the territories of the Uni-
ted States, to govern this District, so that peace
and security shall be the result. From what I
have heard, too, I must concur entirely with the
gentlemen who have stated the great and extraor-
dinary prevalence of crime now m this city, so
that there is no security of person. Robberies
arc the business of every night almost; and mur-
ders or violent assaults mark every, nighk It
ought to be suppressed—entirely and utterly sup-
pressed.
But now, sir, how are you going to do it? I
am willing that Congress shall employ a force;
but are we to employ this sort of force and place
it under the Government, as this bill does? You
appoint a chief at $2,000, you appoint a captain
at $1,200, you appoint four lieutenants at $800
per annum, to command one hundred men. I do
not object to that organization, so far as it regards
officers. There ought to be officers to increase
the responsibility, and to head all the, necessary
force that may be sent out in the night to watcn
and guard the city and all its inhabitants. There
are, though, to be one hundred men selected, and
each of them paid $G00 a year. These men are
to be selected by the chief, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, and the President
is, in fact, to appoint all the officers. Now, sir,
what is this but creating one hundred and six
offices in the city of Washington, and all to be
bestowed by the President of the United States
and his Secretary of the Interior, and of the one
hundred every man liable to be dismissed at any
time the Secretary cf the Interior thinks proper?
The President can control all that force, for he
can control his Secretary of the Interior; and he
and the Secretary of the Interior have every mail
of this guard at their sovereign will and dispo-
sal every day and night in the year. Does that
promise security ? Do gentlemen feel security in
that? You make the President and the Secretary
of the Interior the masters of this city. They
may preserve its tranquillity, but what sort of a
tranquillity will it be? That tranquillity which
freemen are entitled to enjoy ? The security which
our Constitution and our laws promise to the cit-
izens? Is it American freedom > Is it American
security and American liberty? It makes the
Chief Magistrate the despot of the city, if he
pleases to be so. I desire not to be understood as
having any allusion in these remarks to the Presi-
dent that now is, or to any one who may fill that
high position. I speak upon principle.
This city of Washington, like every other city
in the Union, is made up of parties of various
politics, if I am rightly informed, there is one
class of men in this city who entertain what are
called American principles, and belong to what
is called the American party. If I understand
aright, of the class so called every one of them is
hunted out of every office m this District, because
of his opinions. I understand that at the last
election held for municipal officers in this city,
the military forces were called out to prevent these
contending parties from actual violence. Where
