1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
the consideration of the resolutions and report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, which open
up rather a larger field.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwill state
to the Senator from Maryland that he would not
now be entitled to the floor. That resolution was
made the special order for to-day at one o'clock;
but subsequently the Senate made another spe-
cial order for half past twelve o'clock, which the
Chair called at that hour, but by unanimous con-
sent of the Senate it was postponed to hear the
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HARLAN. Last Wednesday the motion
of the Senator from Illinois to refer a portion of
the President's message to the Committee on Ter-
ritories was made the special order for to-day at
one o'clock, and I supposed that no member of
the Senate intended to set that aside by having
other special orders made for half past twelve
o'clock. I therefore ask the Senate that that sub-
ject may now be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now before the body.
Mr. MASON. My motion is to print the re-
port, bill, and resolutions, and make them the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock. I do
not mean to press it on the Senate, but it has
already been prefaced by the resolution of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will separate
his motion in regard to printing, and then move
to postpone the further consideration of the sub-
ject until to-morrow at one o'clock, and let it come
up at that period, but not as a special order.
Mr. MASON. I have no desire to press it at
all. I ask that it be made the special order for 
Mr. GWIN. To-morrow week.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. MASON. I will say Tuesday, the 9th of
February.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION".
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the special order i.s
taken up, I ask leave to submit a paperand have
it printed. At the last meeting of the Senate, the
Committee on the Judiciary made a report in re-
gard to the contested seats of the Senators from
Indiana. I ask leave to present the views of the
minority of the committee, that they may lie on
the table and be printed, and taken up when that
subject comes before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the presentation or printing of the views
of the minority of the committee, which is always
by courtesy admitted, and I cannot object to it.
I will state further that this is a question of
privilege, and lhad intended to call it up to-day,
without refcrencc to special orders. The majority
of the committee have leported a resolution not
affecting at all the right to the seats, but simply
giving authority to take testimony, and it is im-
portant that itshould be disposed of. In the event
of the honorable Senator from Vermont, who I
understand is not now m his seat, who intends
to oppose the resolution of the committee, being
well enough to return to the Senate to-morrow, I
shall call this lesolution up at the first opportu-
nity, as a question of privilege.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has heard
no objection to receiving the report of the minor-
ity. It is moved that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 20?) to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson," approved
August 13,1856; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 27) to detach
Selma, in the State of Alabama, from the collec-
tion district of New Orleans, and make it a port
of delivery, withm the collection distiict of Mo-
bile; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state the special order. The business
before the Senate is the bill (S. No. 79) to increase
the military establishment of the'United States.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask, as a question of order,
whether the one o'clock special order is not the
one before the Senate? The motion to refer a
portion of the President's message was made the
special order for one o'clock to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made the
special order for one o 'clock; but at a subsequent
period the bill which has been announced was
made the special order for half past twelve o'clock,
and superseded the other.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to submit to the
consideration of the President that the special
order for half past twelve o'clock could not have
been intended to supersede an order for one
o'clock; and that when the hour of one o'clock
arrives, the order assigned for that hour is the
proper subject for consideration. So it strikes
me.
* TheVICE PRESIDENT. TheChairis obliged
to construe the rule differently, and undeistands
that the practice of the Senate has been different.
Mr. DAVIS. When the hour for the consid-
eration of the special order at half past twelve
o'clock arrived, the Senator from New York will
recollect that it was allowed to go over, under the
supposition that we should afterwards have that
amount of time. I think, if no opposition is made
to the bill, and I certainly do not wish to make a
speech on it, it will not require ten minutes to
pass it. I hope the bill will be taken up. It is a
measure of public importance.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair called
up the special order at half past twelve o'clock,
and all subsequent proceedings were by unani-
mous consent. That special order is still before
the Senate.
Mr. HALE. As this is a pretty important mat-
ter, if the Chair will indulge me, I wish to state
what 1 understand the practice of the Senate to
! have been, as far as I recollect. Where there has
. been a special order for one o'clock, and then
somebody else moves a special order m the morn-
ing hour, it is always understood that when the
morning hour is past, and one o'clock arrives, the
general special order is taken up. If the bill of
the Senator from Mississippi had been taker) up
at half past twelve o'clock, and its consideiation
had been proceeded with until one o'clock, then
it would have been the duty of the Chair to call
up the special order fixed for one o'clock, on which
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] has the
floor, it being the oldest and first assigned and
having priority. This instead of being an order
to supersede was made in subserviency to the first
order, just for the morning hour, and if it had
been taken up it would only have had thirty mm-
utes'consideration. My impression is, and 1 think
the Chair will find by asking the older members
of the Senate, that that has been the uniform prac-
tice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair founds
his opinion on the following rule:
u Sppcm! orders shall not lose their position on account
of intervening adjournment?.; nor shall they lo<<e their re]a
tive position on the Calendar, eicept by vote of the Semite,
until finally disposed of."
This order took its position on the Calendar, ac-
cording to the hour directed by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The Chair will indulge me a mo-
ment. I think that relates to the dates when the
special orders were made, and not to the time for
which they were made. The special order made
on the first day of the month is not to be super-
seded by another special order, made on the second
or third, and they take precedence according to
the dates on which they are made, and not the
time.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will take
pleasure in conforming his decision to the ex-
pressed wish of the Senate; but was informed that
the decision he has given was the practice of the
Senate, and was correct.
Mr. STUART. I hope there will not be an at-
tempt to settle this question upon this bill. I in-
tend, with the leave of the Senate, to bring it up
when special orders of equal importance stand
before the Senate. This decision grows out of
what I believe to be an eironeous opinion de-
livered by a former Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate; but at this time I do not desire to take it up,
because there is too much importance attached to
the bill of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will proceerf
to the consideration of the bill. I will make no
further statement titan may be required by the
Senate to explain it. I do not see why it should
consume thirty minutes.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion, on my own part, to the Senator's proceeding
to make an explanation and givinghis views with
reference to the bill. I know nothing as to the
question which is introduced here*, for I am not
familiar with the rule. I will say to him, how-
ever, that he can hardly expect to finish it in the
short time he has suggested, because, it being a
proposition for an increase of the Army, under
existing circumstances he must naturally expect.
that it will be looked into somewhat before the
proposition is acceded to. I will say to him that
the bill meets me with entire surprise; fori did not
know it was presented until I saw it lying on my
table this morning. Tt has just been printed, and
we have nothing as yet, that I have seen, from
the Secretary of War, except the message; and I
have had no opportunity to look at the accom-
panying documents, or form any sort of conclu-
sion as to the necessity for the proposed increase.
I hope, therefore, that even if the Senator goes on
to make his statement, he will hardly insist that
the consideration of the subject should be at once
followed up, because I am confident that gentle-
men on this side of the Chamber must be unpre-
pared to do what they design to do; and that i<s
to look into this matter before it is finally acted
upon.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has given me a very-
strong reason for insisting on the bill. It is quite
apparent that the Senate are not goins: to pay any
attention to it until it is taken up. The Senator
treats it as a bill to be teferred. It is on its third
reading. The bill has been heretofore in the Sen-
ate; it has been reported after a long investigation
by the committee, and if the Senatorhas not read
the documents, it is to be feared he is not going;
to read them in time for this measure. He is cer-
tainly awaie that both the President and Secre-
tary of War have urged an increase of the Army.
They have urged it in a manner different from that
which the committee report, but* the necessities
for an increase remain the same. The mode in
which this bill is presented I hoped would have
secured an early passage, and would have saved
us from thatdelay which I anticipated from a dif-
ferent proposition. It is so simple in itself; it is
so necessary for the public interests of the coun-
try, that I not only hope for the most prompt con-
sideration, but that the bill will pass with the least
possible opposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not prepared tosay
whether, after a proper discussion and investiga-
tion, i shall be opposed to the bill or not. In re-
ply, however, to what the honorable Senator haa
said, he will allow me to say that the bill has been
printed and laid upon our tables for the first time
this morning.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill has been read through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly it has been
read; but, like other matters of the kind, the read-
ing passed without much examination.
Mr. HALE. It was read by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been read by its
title alone; and I see it was only icported on the
21st of January. How long has it been before us?
It is very easy to say that it is a simple proposi-
tion. Any proposition to raise an amount of
troops, or to increase the amount of troops, is
simple, in one sense of the word; but it involves
a great many very important considerations. It
is not enough to reply that it is very easy for the
Senate to understand that this proposes to increase
the Army, and that the President has recom-
mended it, and that the Secretary of War has rec-
ommended it. I am not disposed to increase the
Army simply for the reason that the President
and Secretary of War think it necessary. Recent
events—at any rate, the conduct of the expedition
which has been organized by the Secretary of
War, has not been such, I think, as to impress
the country with a very great idea of his military
skill, or lead them to attach a very great degree
of importance to his recommendations. What I
desire is an opportunity to see the documents ac-
companying the message in relation to the in-
crease of the Army, and in relation to the em-
ployment of the Army, and to bccome acquainted
with the facts myself; in order that I may form
