1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
35th.Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad,—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
clare the result when it is expedient, and not before.
There is no limitation or restriction. Indeed, they
may require another election; the act says "elec-
tions," and may be intended for two or more.
They can announce the result when one county is
canvassed, or keep back their decision for months
or years'
The powers given by this act are so general that
any orall of the things I have stated, and many
more, may be done; besides the false returns that
may be made from any place of voting*, by the
judges who will be selected by the commissioners,
for their zeal in the cause, as Mr. Hand was elected
clerk of the Lecompton convention, by acclama-
tion, because he had been engaged in election
frauds 1 Power given is always used; and this
will be used to its utmost limit, m favor of the bor-
der-ruffian party.
I am told that no men would outrage public
sentiment by doing anything so unfair as I have
supposed, although they might have the power
uiider this act.
Gracious Heaven! What is ifc that can out-
rage public sentiment, that the pro-slavery party
have not done in Kansas? And are not all their
acts defended by the Administration and the dom-
inant party .here? When a judge, appointed by
the President, discharged an indicted murderer
without trial, and the Governor complained of the
outrage and asked his removal, the Governor was
first treated with insolence and then removed, and
the judge retained in office ! He that talks of the
restraints of public sentiment upon the pro-slavery
officials of Kansas, can know but little of its past
history, or of the border-ruffian party. Public
sentiment will be no restraint; a military force is
stationed in Kansas to crush it out, and to enforce
the law—when it favors slavery !
This act gives full, free scope to frauds without
one word to provide against or prevent it. I as-
sume it was intended, to be used for that purpose,
and could not be intended for any other. Men
are presumed to intend the natural and necessary con-
sequences of their acts. And knowing the frauds
that have been committed by the pro-slavery party
of Kansas at their elections, this act is sent to
them, containing ten distinct provisions, each
opening wide the door to unnumbered frauds, and
inviting to their commission. The means are pro-
vided for those who are ready to use them, and
a pro-slavery board is given to prompt them on,
and to appoint pro-slavery judges and officers of
election at every place of voting, who will be aid-
ing and assisting, or the principals to see that the
right returns for their side are made !
If instruments for counterfeiting should be fur-
nished to a band of men known to have been for
years engaged in that business, those who fur-
nished the means would be as criminal as those
who used them, or put the money into circulation.
The law would presume they intended, when they
sent the tools, that they should be used, and would
hold them equally responsible. Yet no engraving
was ever made more perfectfor counterfeiting than
this act is made for the commission of election
frauds. 1 defy the ingenuity of man to make it
more so. It is an enabling act, giving impunity to
fraud, with proper judges and officers of election,
and they will be selected; it is perfect. Is not
this act, by which the legal judges and officers
of election are removed, and a pdtly board ap-
pointed to choose others, for party purposes, in
their places clothed with unlimited power, itself
& fraud and an invitation to fraud? Could any-
thing be more dishonest or more villainous ?
VI. By the third section, all white male inhabit-
ants who could vote under the law for the election
of the Legislature in October last, and no others,
are allowed to vote. By this law, no person who
had not been for six months previous an actual resi-
dent, could vote at that election. This law only
added an additional disqualification of six months5
residence, and in no other respect altered or re-
pealed the general law. By the general law, every
free white male citizen of the United States, and
every lVee male Indian, who is made a citizen,
over the age of twenty-one years, " who shall be
an inhabitant of the Territory, and of the county
or district m which he offers to vote, and loho shall
have paid a territorial taxyshallbe a qualified elector."
But no person convicted of any violation of any
provision of the fugitive slave act of 1793, or of
the fugitive slave act of 1850, shall be allowed to
vote—
" Whether such conviction were by criminal proceedings
or by civil action.
i: And if any person offering to vote shall be challenged,
and required to take an oath or affirmation, to be adminis-
tered by one of the judges of the election, that he wil! sus-
tain the provisions of the above recited acts of Congress,
[the fugitive slave act's,] and of the act to organize the
Territories of Ncbra?ka ami Kansas, approved May 30,
1854, and shall refuse to take such oath or affirmation, the
vote of such person shall be rejected."
The general law also provides that when a voter
is challenged—
a The judges of the election may examine him touching
his right to vote, and if so examined, no evidence to con-
tiadict him shall be received; or the judges may, in the
first instance, receive other evidence, in which event, the
applicant may. if he desire it, demand to be sworn ; but his
testimony shall nut then be conclusive."
By a subsequent act, the test oaths required to
be taken in order to vote, have been repealed.
1. Under this act of Congress, and the laws of
Kansas, a citizen, to be entitled to vote, must have
resided six months in the Territory. This will ex-
clude thousands of bona fide citizens; all who have
gone there this season,"although actual and per-
manent residents of Kansas, and as much entitled
to a voice in framing its organic law, under which
they are to live, as any other citizens. Emigration
is greatly in favor of the free-State party, and
therefore this six months' disqualification and this
exclusion S • •
2. Must have paid a territorial tax. This, if
enforced, will exclude thousands more, in fact a
great majority of the free-State party !
3. Must have, sustained all the fugitive slave 'acts>
at least, not have violated any provision of any
such law. This, it is not likely, would exclude
many voters. But it is worthy of note, as a speci-
men of the Democratic negro mania in legislation,
both in Kansas and in Congress. It shows the
animus by which that party are actuated. I call
it the slave Democracy, because it has no longer
any distinctive principle beyond the extension of.
slavery. The name is therefore appropriate and*1
expressive of the present condition and policy of
the Democratic party.
When voters are challenged, these partyjudges
of election can swear the voter, if he is of their
party; and, if he thinks or claims to be a voter,
his evidence is conclusive and cannot be contra-
dicted; but if he is a free-State voter, the judges
can " receive other evidence;" and then, if the
voter is sworn, his evidence is not conclusive. It
is, then, a question of evidence, for the judges to
decide. In one case, the vote must be admitted;
in the other, it ccm and will be rejected! Is not
this law as fair and as impartial as the party
board of commissioners; or ns the judges they
will appoint to administer it?
VII. This act does not submit the constitution
to the people, it requires the people to submit to
the constitution ! The only thing to be voted upon
is, whether the people of Kansas will accept a gift
worth $24,500,000 > Every voter in Kansas is in
favor of that proposition! And if accepted, thev
are to be admitted as a State. That is a still
stronger inducement. But the law enacts, that
if the gift is accepted, and the State admitted, it
must be as a slave State,, and under the Lecomp-
ton constitution! If that is refused, they are not
to have the gift, and are not to be admitted. Ad-
mission as a slave State, under that constitution,
can never be consented to, let the consequences
be what they may. That should be the unalter-
able determination of the people of Kansas and
of the free States. While the people of Kansas
would gladly accept the gift, and while they earn-
estly desire admission, yet not for this—-nor for
any offered price—will they abandon their prin-
ciples, or surrender their just rights'.
- They will reject this " proposition," and yet
by fraud and false returns, it will be declared ac-
cepted ! (unless these party judges are alarmed into
being honest, by an indignant people) and slavery
forced upon Kansas! When that is done the ques-
tion will not be settled—like Banquo's ghost, it
will rise again before you, to push from their seats
the doughfaces that passed this act. It will pre-
sent the fraud and demand redress. It will not
down. It will never be settled, until justice js
done, fairly and honestly, to the people of Kan-
sas: then, and not till then, will this question be
settled.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. I. I. STEVENS,
op washington,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25, 1858.
The House heing in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. STEVENS said:
Mr. Chairman: My object in addressing the
committee is to present some observations in re-
gard to the Pacific railroad. I am not impelled to
speak because I have been connected with tho
explorations. I am not here the explorer; nor do
I rise here to speak as the explorer, but as the
representative of the most distant people of our
country, situated on the shores of that great
ocean, soon, I trust, to be joined with the shores
of the ocean hitherward by roads of iron. This
is a great national question, and should not be
discussed in a sectional point of view. As a
western-coast man, dear as is to my heart the
home of myadoption—Puget Sound and the Ter-
ritory of Washington—I see not Puget Sound, I
see not the Territory of Washington, but Puget
Sound, the Columbia entrance, San Francisco.
San Diego, and the other ports of that extended
coast. I see Washington, and Oregon, and Cal-
ifornia. As a national man, crossing the Rocky
Mountains, I sec both our water lines. North-
wards, tho line of the great lakes, the New York
canals, the river St. Lawrence, its vast and rap-
idly increasing commerce; great grain ports,from
which vessels without breaking bulk, pass on
to Europe; grain ports surpassing the grain ports
of the olden world; and the line of railroads
upon the northern and the southern shore; and
southward, the Mexican Gulf and the Caribean
stretching not half way across the continent, but
'reducing that continent to a narrow isthmus, from
whose heights one hears the roaring surges of
either ocean. Prom her ports, Galveston, Mata-
gorda, New Orleans, Mobile, and Pensacola, is-
sues forth the great bulk of our foreign exports;
and there we have a commerce rivaling the com-
merce of the most favored sea.
Such is our rounded and ample domain, mag-
nificent water lines, and a teeming commerce,
north and south—vast ocean coasts, east and west,
making our country the natural ccnter of the
communication, population, and civilization of
this habitable globe.
From this stand point, national and comprehen-
sive, I will now proceed to take a survey of our
country. First, I will glance at our western coast,
show its resources, and ultimate development;
then I will endeavor to grasp and present the very
genius of our interior; then I will dwell upon the
tendencies of population, and communications
from our line of frontier States, moving onwards
to the peaceful conquest of that interior, and that
slope, by occupation and settlement; which done,
I will endeavor to deduce the governmental action
required by the spirit of the age in which we live,
demanded by the exigencies o&the public service,
looking to the national defend; looking to the
business of the Government, as a great landed
proprietor; as a carrier of the mails; as having to
transport troops, supplies, and munitions of war;
and endeavor to show that all these require that
we should carve our way, not on one, but at least
on three routes, to the shores of the great western
ocean. And first the western slope.
It is scarcely ten years since we had a western
coast. We have acquired California only within
about ten years; Oregon became ours by the treaty
of 1849—nine years ago; and yet, in this spaea
of nine or ten years, we find that we have planted
upon that coast, civilization and empire; and six
hundred thousand American freemen, whose
hearts beat responsive to the hearts of their breth-
ren on this side of the mountains, have there made
known the arts and arms and future destinies of
this great country—all this in the short space of
nine or ten years. Look at the obstruction in the
way of this development of the western coast.
One half the time the emigrant routes have been
blocked up, death was upon the route, savage
foes, calamity, and dire vicissitudes, and our
