-mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
is;the' remedy to come from ? Here are one hun-
dred Federal officers to be raised. That is what
they ai?e.. You' talk about a thief, captain, lieu-
tenants, and you come down, then, to the one
hundred, men. They are Federal officers, every
mm of them, call them by what name you will,
holding their offices at the will of the. President
of t.he United States.
. It is but very seldom that we have seen the
military of this country atlowed to approach the
places of election. They have not been regarded
generally in? the feelings and opinions of the citi-
zens of this country as the safest guardians to
whom the ballot-box is to be intrusted. The car-
tridge-box is better fitted for them. The ballot-
box has been supposed to be safer in the hands
of citizens. : Where the Government itself hap-
pens to "be warmly enlisted against any particular
party, these guards will come entirely from their
' adversaries. Any little uproar, any little viola-
tion of the peace, or any disorder at the polls,
will furnish a. pretext, if not for calling out the
military—and it is not hard to find pretexts for
that—at least for calling out this civil soldiery,
this little Prastorian guard that occupies the city
of Washington. It will be an easy and every-
day matter; and we shall have not only the ordi-
nary guarantees for our rights, but we shall have
the imprimatur of the military stamped upon them!
That is not my sense of American rights.
I cannot vote for this bill, I will not vote for it,
unless the hands of the President and the hands
of his Secretary are taken off it entirely. It is to
guard the city of Washington. It is municipal
in its character. Let the Vice President appoint
them, or let the Speakers of the two Houses ap-
point them. It seems, from the argument of gen-
tlemen, that Government officers are in danger.
We belong to the Government. Who is better
qualified to make this appointment than the heads
of the two Houses? Let the appointment begiven
to anybody but the President of the United States
—anybody but the chief of the general Executive
Government. That is what I want, but I have no
allusion to this President, or that President, or
any President, present or to come. I oppose it
upon principle.
I remember when the original bill for creating
the auxiliary guard was before this House, I had
the honor of a seat here then. It was framed as
this bill is, so far as regards the appointment of
officers. It was given to the President. It was but
thirty men I believe. I objected to it at that tune,
and it was upon that objection that the appoint-
ment as it was proposed to be given to the Presi-
dent was taken away and the appointment made
entirely municipal, given, I believe, to the Mayor
of the city. But that bill will show,-by a refer-
ence to the record, that it first gave the appoint-
ment to the President, and the Senate disagreed
to it for that reason, and I made the objection
then, as I do now. Sir, the little corps of guides,
twenty-five in number, was expanded in the couise
of a few years mto the imperial guard of France,
amounting, I believe, at its greatest number, to
fifty thousand men. That corps of guides was
the model. That corps of guides was enlarged
and expanded and became the mighty and mag-
nificent imperial guard of France.
The evil is a great one which is now to be cor-
rected, I admit; but it is exactly in such glaring
and flagrant instances that we are apt, in the im-
petuosity of our feelings, to go beyond strict prin-
ciples, to overlook all other dangers and all other
consequences, and look to nothing but the evil
that is to be suppressed. I believe these one hun-
dred men would be efficient in protecting the city,
and driving out those villains who now molest it.
In any other form than this, I will vote for it. It
is not necessary to the President to be connected
with this matter; it is rather derogatory to the
President. It is rather making him the ruler of
cities, like giving him the appointment of high
constable of the city. The President can derive
no honor from it. There may be danger; there
may be mischief in it, ami 1 do not know how far
the time may be off when certain proscribed mem-
bers of a Congress may be placed under the par-
ticular vigilance of this auxiliary presidential
guard.1 I cannot vote for it, unless gentleman can
find out some other mode of appointment, and
will take this matter entirely out of the hands of
the President and Secretary of the Interior. Let
it he municipal in its character, or let the appoint-
ments be vested in some other power than that
provided by the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I am sorry to find my friend
from Kentucky—and when I call him friend he
knows I use the word in no light sense—opposed
to this bill, because 1 know his power in the Sen-
ate. I propose.to answer some of his objections;
and I trust I shall have his attention while I do
so. He complains that the military were called
out during the last summer to keep the peace
between contending parties, and seems to appre-.
hend that they were called out as against the
American party, of which he is a member. I be-
lieve that, to some extent, is true; and that fur-
nished one of the strong reasons, allow me to say
to the Senator from Kentucky, for bringing in
this bill. That an armed soldiery should be pa-
raded in the streets of the Federal capital, to keep
the peace, was to me, in my far-off home in Mis-
sissippi, one of the most distasteful, not to call it
by a stronger name, pieces of intelligence that I
ever received. For the very reason the Senator
assigns for opposing the bill, I justified myself in
bringing it in, that you should have a police force
proper, sufficient to keep the peace, so that here-
after there should be no necessity for bringing the
military power of the Government into action.
But the Senator from Kentucky objects to the
appointment of the chief of this police force by
the President of the United States. If you have
such an officer the appointing power must be
somewhere. If my friend, with all his experience,
had pointed out some other mode less objection-
able to him through which you could get this offi-
cer, I should probably have accepted it. I never
cared to impose the duty on the President, but it
had to rest somewhere. Suppose you allow the
people of Washington to elect him at the ballot-
box, will you get efficiency then? Suppose you
allow any other Federal officer below the dignity
of President to make the appointment, will you
get it then? Who shall appoint him? You must
have a head to this police force. How are you
to get him ? After looking all over the field, the
committee came to the conclusion that the best
way was to allow the President to appoint him;
not because the President desired to do it, nor
because we des'ired to have him do it, but because
it seemed to us that you could get him more read-
ily, and more free from objection in that way than
in any other. If he be elected by the people here,
the very marauders, house-breakers, assassins,
and murderers, who perpetrate these outrages will
go to the ballot-box, and perhaps elect your chief
of the guard. That will not do. I wanted to take
the whole influence and power of this police force
outside of the District, and intrustit to hands that
would have no motive but to use it for the high-
est and best purposes; but if it be suggested that
the chief of police can be more properly appointed
by anybody else than the President, I will hear
the suggestion, and adopt it, if it strikes me as
being right; but I know of no other way of ob-
taining him.
Then it is objected that power is given to the
Secretary of the Interior. Well, sir, who else
would you give it to ? Ought not the powers given
in the bill to be intrusted to somebody? Who
shall have them ? Where else would the Senator
from Kentucky locate them ? I want responsibil-
ity, and responsibility outside of the District of
Columbia. I want responsibility to the Federal
Government. I want the scoundrels who parade
your streets, dagger in hand, to be assured that the
whole power of this Government is to be em-
ployed to put them down, cost what it may, in
money or in physical force, that they shall be
driven from the purlieus of the capital.
I am not willing to trust the execution of this
law to anybody elected by the people of Wash-
ington. It is a Federal law. I would have it en-
forced by Federal authority, with the whole power
of the Government to back it up. It was for that
reason that the bill was so framed as to give the
appointment of the chief to the President, and the
carrying out of the details of it to the Secretary
of the interior. Though the present Secretary
comes from my State, and is my honored and
valued friend, he was not introduced into this b\ll
on that account. If it be thought that any other
Federal officer, not connected with the District,
had better be intrusted with the execution of this
law, say so, and I will allow it. Never a word
passed between the present honored head of that
Department and myself in reference to this bill—
not one word, sir. I doubt if he even knows that
you propose to impese these obligations upon him.
Certainly I never told him, and I dare say he has
never seen the bill. -The duty is imposed upon
him because he is put at the head of all affairs
which relate exclusively to the interior concerns
of the Government.
But the Senator from Kentucky says that when
the original proposition was first brought into
Congress many years ago to create this auxiliary
guard, he objected to-allowing the President of
the United States to appoint the head of it.
Nevertheless, it was so passed, as I understand
the history of it. Afterwards it was changed, and
the appoi ntment of the chief of the guard was given
to the Mayor of the city; and from that day for-
ward, the efficiency of the guard has dwindled,
and dwindled, and dwindled, until it has abso-
lutely become contemptible, and stinks in the nos-
trils of every citizen of W ashington and the whole
country. I undertake to say it is the most inef-
ficient, contemptible, and disgraceful guard that
ever watched over the peace of any city, and
has been made so because it is mixed up in your
municipal elections. The policeman, as the re-
port states, is expected to be theguard of his own
candidate at the ballot-box, and not the guard of
the peace, happiness, prosperity, and security of
the city. If you intend to have an efficient police
force here paid by the Government, then put it
beyond city influence; let neither the Mayor nor
the Councils have anything to do with it. Make
it-a Federal police.
I gather from the general scope of my honor-
able friend's speech, that while he thought this
police would be efficient, and while he thought it
eminently necessary for the purposes for which
it was designed, still he would not go for it be-
cause the bill conferred patronage in the wrong
direction. I have already said, if that be his opin-
ion, pray tell me where else you will give the pat-
ronage, and I will give it there? 1 am not look-
ing to it as a question of patronage. But my
friend will excuse me for saying that he and I
put a different estimate on the important question
of keeping the peace in this city, protecting prop-
erty from the incendiary's torch, and life from
the assassin's dagger. lie would expose all this,
leave houses to be fired at night, and lives to be
taken away as men walk the streets, because, for-
sooth, patronage may be intrusted to improper
hands! I care not who has the appointment of
the chief. Give it to anybody. Elect him by
the Senate; elect him by the House of Represent-
atives; give the appointment to the Vice Presi-
dent sr the Speaker—give him to anybody: I care
not who has it It is no design to give the Pres-
ident the appointment of another officer. The
bill proposes to give it to him simply because he,
of all men, seemed to the committee to be the
most proper man to make such an appointment;
and it gives to the Senate of the United States a
control over the nomination.
Now, let me say to gentlemen on the other side,
Americans and Republicans, that if the Presiden
sends a mere partisan nomination here, I pledge
myself before the Senate and the world to vote
for the rejection of it, and I think I can say as
much for nine tenths of all the gentlemen on this
side of the House. The committee of which I am
chairman, which ordered me to bring this bill
here, adopted an informal resolution that in case
the bill passed, we would, as a committee, wait
on the President and tell him that this bill was
not in any sense to be executed as a mere party
measure; that it was a bill intended for the secu-
rity of life and property in Washington, and that
it must be executed independent of ail party con-
siderations. if Mr. Goddard, whose name has
been introduced into this debate, be the most
proper man for chief marshal, I hope the Presi-
dent will appoint him; and if he be not, I hope he
will select some one else; and if he cannot find a
proper man in Washington, I feel perfectly jus-
tified in assuring Senators that he will go beyond
the limits of Washington for a chief; he will go
to New York, or Philadelphia, or Boston, and if
a proper chief cannot be found there he may even
go beyond the limits of the United States, though
that enunciation, I dare say, would offend my
friend from Kentucky. The imposition of a for-
eigner,! suppose, would not be distasteful to him;
but I care not where he gets the man. The fnenda
