2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
family of infant children, one of whom is an only-
son, and a cripple for life, to be supported and
taken care of by his bereaved mother. The only
inheritance he left to his family, is poverty, and a
reputation honorably, nobly earned in the service
of his country. With the heart of a true and
lovely woman, she is bowed down with grief, and
mourns the loss of that.gallant husband as if he
had left her but yesterday, while she devotes her-
self, with a mother's solicitude, to the care and
support of her orphan children. Can it be, that
such a case will not excite just and generous emo-
tions in the Representatives of this great nation ?
The Senate bill provides but a reasonable stipend
for so meritorious a case, and I trust it will, as it
ought to, pass without the reduction proposed by
the amendment.
Mr. &U1TMAN. As I reported the amend-
ment from the Committee on Military Affairs, it
is proper that I should state that that committee
had, determined to deal justly and equally with
all the citizens of the United States; and as the
proper pension given in such cases as this was
twenty-five dollars per month, we saw no reason
why we should discriminate, even in favor of the
widow of abrave officer. We were governed by a
sense of our duty to the country and not-by our
sympathy with any individual ease.
Mr. SINGLETON. May 1 be allowed to say
one word more?
Mr. HOUSTON". I object to any further dis-
cussion.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A hill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David Por-
ter, of the United States Navy, reported with an
amendment to strike out the words " her death,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words <l such inter-
marriage;" so as to provide thatthe pension shall
cease at the date of her intermarriage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A bill (C. C. No. 81) for the relief of the heirs
of William Turvin, deceased, reported with an
amendment to insert <4 at the iate of $1 25 per
acre," so as to make it read " upon any public
lands subject to entry or private sale, at the rate
of $1 25 per acre." ^
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ne\y York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A bill (H. R.No. 506) for the relief of Horatio
Boultbee, reported with an amendment to strike
outil $515," and to insert, " $,588 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A bill (H. R. No. 521) increasing the pension
of Anthony Walter Bayard, of Beilefonte, in the
State of Pennsylvania, reported with an amend-
ment to strike out ** tvyenty,51 and insertten,"
so that it shall read, " pension at ten dollars per
month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en*
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There are several bills upon
which separate votes were asked.
Mr. STANTON. I think those separate votes
had better be taken in the morning; and therefore
1 move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at seven o'clock and thirty-five minutes,
p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, J\hy 29, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate relative to the im-
provement of the channel of the Potomac river;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of E. K.
Collins, and associates, praying for the payment
of the amount due them under the contract for
carrying the mail between New York and Liver-
pool, with interest; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered., That the memoiiai of Georsjiana M. Lewiy, wid-
ow of Armstrong J. Lewis, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee ou Naval Allaire. *
On motion of Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the pint resolution (8. No. 2G) for th<*
benefit ot'the neatest male heir ot the late Rng:uher Gene-
ra J Toivsoh, (J/iited States .limy, fieeeuaed, he leeommit-
ted to tiie Uommittue oil Naval Allans*.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ali.rn, Ks Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills of the Senate:
An act (No. 35) for the relief of Michael Kin-
ny, late a private m company I, eighth regiment
United States Army;
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Laurent Mil-
laudon;
An act (No. 70) for the relief of John Dick, of
Florida;
An act (No. 185) for the relief of Anna M. E.
Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. D'1 Lannoy;
An act (No. 52) for the relief of William B.
Trotter;
An act (No. 59) for the relief of James G. Ben-
ton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of the
United States Army;
An act (No. 91) to continue a pension to Chris-
tine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, of the United States Army;
An act (No. 96) for the relief of Susanna T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Maglen-
en, late of the city of "Baltimore, deceased;
An act (No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P. Kel-
ler;
An act (No. 74) for the relief of J. Willcox
Jenkins;
An act (No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien;
An act (No. 95) explanatory of an act entitled
"An act for the leiief of Dempsey Pittman," ap-
pioved August 16,1856;
An act (No. 117) for the relief of William Al-
len, of Portland, in the State of Maine;
An act (No. 136) for the lelief of the heirs of
John B. Hand;
An act (No. 145) for the relief of Brevet Major
James L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster,
United States Army;
An act (No. 20tf) for the relief of Fabius Stan-
ley;
An act (No. 10G) for the relief of Elijah F
Smith, Gilnmn H. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith;
An act (No. 330) for the relief of Stephen R.
Rowan;
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Sher-
man;
An act (No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwi-
nel; and
A joint resolution (No. 38) for the relief of
John Grayson.
- The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the" con-
currence of the Senate was requested :
A bill (No. 344) for the relief of Captain Stan-
ton Shoales;
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of Nancy Magill,
of Ohio;
A-bill (No. 346) for the relief ofWillia%i Sutton;
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Joseph? We'bb;
A bill (No. 353) for the relief of Eli W. Golf;
A bill (No. 356) for the relief of Roswell Mi-
nard, father of Theodore Mmard, deceased;
A bill (No. 42) granting a pension to Mary A.
M. Jones;
A bill (No. 3G6) for the relief of John Duncan;
A bill (No. 541) for tho relief of Jean Baptiste
Devidrine;
A bill (C. C. No. 81) for the relief of the heirs
of William Tarvin, deceased;
A bill (No. 169) making an appropriation for
the payment of clerks employed in the offices of
the registers of the land offices at Oregon City and
Winchestei, in the Territory of Oregon;
A bill (No. 452) for the relief of Dr. Thomas
Antisell;
A bill (No. 453) for the relief of Robert W.
Cushman, formerly an acting purser in the United
States Navy;
A bill (No. 455) for the relief ofMicajah Brooks;
A bill (No. 456) granting an invalid pension to
Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 457) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien;
A bill (No. 458) for the relief of Evelina Porter,
widow of the late Commodore David Porter, of
the United States Navy;
A bill (No. 459) granting an invalid pension to
Silas Stevens, of Virginia;
A bill (No. 460) granting an invalid pension to
Bcriah Wright, of New York;
A bill (No. 461) granting an invalid pension to
John Lee, of the State of Maine;
A bill (No. 446) for the relief of D. O. Dick-
inson;
A bill (No. 464) for the relief of Cornelius H.
Latham;
A bill (No. 480) for the relief of Dr. Ferdinand
O. Miller;
A bill (No. 481) for the relief of Dinah Minis;
A bill (No. 486) for the relief of Alonzo and
Elbridge G. Colby;
A hill (No. 490) for the relief of Isaac Body
and Samuel Fleming; .
A bill (No. 492) for the relief of John Dearnut;
A bill (No. 493) for the relief of Stuckey and
Rogeis;
A bill (No. 494) for the relief of William Doty
and others;
A bill (No. 496) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Henry King, deceased;
A bill (No. 502) for the relief of Samuel W.
and Alvin A. Turner;
A bill (No. 503) for the relief of Job Stafford,
of the State of New Yorlc;
A bill (No. 506) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of Horatio Boultbee, deceased;
A bill (No. 510) for the relief of Dr. George H.
Howell;
A bill (No. 511) for the relief of Nehemiah S.
Diaper and William lloldcn, heirs-at-Iaw of
Mary Draper, deceased;
A bill (No. 512) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessee;
A hill (No. 513) granting an invalid pension to
William Howell, of Tennessee;
A bill (No. 514) granting an invalid pension to
Conrad Schroeder;
A bill (No. 515) granting an invalid pension to
Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylvania;
A bill (No. 516) for the relief of Michael A.
Davenpoit, of Illinois;
A bill (No. 518) to continue the pension here-
tofore paid to MaryC. Hamilton, widow of Cap-
tain Fowler C.Hamilton, late of the United States
Army;
A bill (No. 520) for the relief of William Bul-
lock;
A bill (No. 522) for the relief of Wright Fore;
A bill (No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt Grif-
fith;
