m)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
some kind of an opinion of my own on the facts
and circumstances, whether it is advisable to in-
crease the Army or not. At present, I am not
satisfied. I say frankly that my impressions are
decidedly against it, and if called upon to vote
now, I should vote against it, from anything I
have heard, and anything I know.
All I desire is simply time to look into the mat-
ter. It is notenough to say that this subjecthas
been before Congress for a certain period of time.
The neccssary information has not been before
Congress, unless we are bound to take the word
of the executive government for any proposition
to increase the Army, and the word of the hon-
. orable chairman of the committee, and on his
opinion I should rely as much as on the opinion
of any man, but that is not enough for me in act-
ing on a matter of this sort. It is not so much
the amount of the proposed increase, as the ques-
tion whether there should be any increase at all
under existing circumstances. I am not prepared
to discuss the question, as I said before, but I
wish that the matter may not be hurried.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a question of time. I cer-
tainly would not press a single Senator to the
consideration of a subject unless there was some
public reason for it. But if we are to delay the
increase until so late a period that the men cannot
be recruited and put in the field for the necessary
service, it would bo as well not to grant it at all.
If the increase is not to be granted at afi, it is due
to the Executive government that they should
knowitat theeatliesi moment, and make their
disposition accordingly. I say it is a question of
time, and that the time is brief enough between
this and the period at which these troops ought
to take the field. If we are going to increase the
Army at all, we ought to grant the increase now.
I will not follow the Senator in his criticism on
the Secretary of War. I am not sufficiently in-
formed of the manner in which the details of the
expedition to which lie referred have been carried
out, to enable me to do so; bur. if there has been
a want of capacity, a want of intelligence, or a
•want of energy, it only adds another to the argu-
ments why this increase should be made. We
know, the country knows, that a small body of
troops are now lying in the mountains, that they
are there bound by winter, and that there they
must remain till spring; and we have every reason
to believe that extensive combinations among the
Indians of the whole mountain country exist at
this moment, instigated by evil white persons;
and if we are to sit here and discuss this question
until the period js past when it is possible to re-
cruit the force, then I say it is far better that we
should give notice at this moment, in order that
the Executive may understand with what means
he will have to act that he may concentrate what
forces he has, and dispose of them so as to be
used to the best advantage.
Moreover, I would say, as the question of the
expedition to Utah has been touched, that I hold
that the country is indebted tothe Administration
for having selected the man who is at the head of
the expedition; who, as a soldier, has not his
superior in the Army or out of it; and whose
judgment, whose art, whose knowledge is equal
to this or any other emergency; a man of such
decision, sucli resolution that his country's honor
can never be tarnished in his hands; a man of
such calmness, such kindness, thara deluded peo-
ple can never suffer by harshness from him.
The piesent proposition, after being elaborated
long and industriously, was reduced to a form
which really seems to me to leave very little room
for opposition, unless it be that we have soldiers
enough or too many, or unless it be that soldiers
shall not bo required to perform this service. If
that be the opposition, it can be made as well
without studying the documents as with. In the
voluminous reports which attended the President's
message, and the report of the Secretary of War
and of the Department of the Interior, the neces-
sities growingout of the exposed condition of our
frontier inhabitants will show that additional
force is necessaiy. Now is the time when it must
be raised, if it is to operate in the season of the
next spring and summer, arid it is therefore that
I press it.
I will hei*c say that the consideration, the dis-
cussion m the committcc, has been prolonged for
the purpose of giving to it the most perfect form
when it- should be reported to the Senate. It
would have been easier for me to draw the bill if I
chose to adopt the recommendations of the Execu-
tive Departments in the beginning. It would then
have been before the Senate for that long period
during which it has been under consideration and
minute examination in the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I hope that other members of the
committee, whose opinion may perhaps weigh
more heavily with the Senate, will state the facts
in relation to the investigation and the reasons
which now exist for the prompt consideration of
this measure. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques- i
tion of order pending before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate back to that point of order. It is very
seldom that I speak in this Housebn a question
of time or order; because I have always found that
more time is wasted in settling the right time, and
more disordercreatedbyendeavoringto bring the
Senate tc considerations of questions of order thafc
is saved by such efforts.
Now, the simple question is, whether the order
which was made at an early day, assigning the
subject of the President's message in regard to
Kansas for consideration at one o'clock to-day,
has been superseded by the order which has been
obtained by the honorable Senator from Missis-'
sippi ? All my recollections of the Senate, and
they relate now to a considerable period, supply
me with this fact—that when a great public sub-
ject, a subject of great public importance, was
brought before the Senate, and a debate instituted
upon it, it was customary for the Senate to allow
the postponement of that subject to a day certain,
and to assign the floor to any honorable member
who mightbe so fortunate as to obtain it on a claim
made, and that when that day comes, whether
the Senator represented one side of the question
or the other, whether he rose on one side of the
Chamber or the other, the courtesy of the Senate
always assigned to him the floor which he asked,
unless upon considerations of public importance
with regard to the public business addressed to
the Senate, the Senate by a deliberate vote over-
ruled that question; which I have never known
done, I think, without the consent of the Senator
entitled to the floor.
Now what is the ease hero ? On Thursday last,
after this order had been made for one o'clock
to-day, the honorable Senator from Mississippi
asked for a special order for half past twelve
o'clock to-day. and when that hour arrived the
order was called, and he remained m his seatand
waived insisting on his order, because it would
interrupt a very interesting report by the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator mistakes the fact.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I beg to be cor-
rected, then.
Mr. DAVIS. I gave way on a statement that
after the reading of the report, this bill would
come up.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know,if youplease,
Mr. Piesident, who it was that could have pledged
the Senate that this special order should come up
and supersede the other special order. Certain-
ly the honorable Senator who was entitled to the
floor at one o'clock, did not compromit himself
m that way,nor was any such arrangement known
or understood on this side of the Chamber.
I see no particular necessity for our being em-
barrassed by this matter, so as to reverse our
former practice. I have no such feelings of oppo-
sition towards the policy which is set forth in this
bill, as to be prepared to oppose it. On the other
hand, all my dispositions incline me to favor and
support it, but at the same time I must desire to
know whether there is any understanding among
us about the rights and puvileges we have of ob-
taining the floor on the day assigned to us. If it
be the pleasure of the Senate to take up the ques-
tion and decide on considerations of public policy
that it is so important to consider this bill, that
they will postpone the special order, I can have
nothing to say; but until that is done, I beg leave
to subnntfor the consideration of the Senate, and
ask their advice to the Chair, whether we are
insisting on anything that is unreasonable, or
anything which has not heretofore always been
considered m accordance with the practice of the
Senate. If it be so, then I beg leave to ask the
honorable Senator from Mississippi to name an
early day or an early hour for the consideration
of his bill, and he shall have my hearty support
and cooperation in giving it precedence.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no wish to press any
measure of mine to a point of discourtesy to any
one. I certainly considered, when I was told to
allow the reading of that report to progress, and
that at the close of it this measure would come
up, that there was no opposition to taking it up.
I think that discourtesy, to use no other term, is
rather towards myself, in the matter of this bill,
than from me towards anybody else. I have no
objection to a postponement, if such be the pleas-
ure of the Senate. If the discussion of that mighty
question, whether so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to the Territories shall be referred
to the Committee on Territories, be more import-
ant than to provide for an increase of our Army
at the present time, let it go on; but I venture to
say there is not a member of the Senate who is pre-
pared now, or at any future time, to vote against
the reference of that portion of the President's
message to the Committee on Territories. Then,
what is the value of the discussion ? If the Sen-
ate, for that or any other reason, desire to con-
sider the other question, be it so.
Mr. SEWARD. Postpone the bill until to-
morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. I really do not know that I shall
have any better assurance of fairer treatment to-
morrow than to-day. The Senator says it was
not understood on his side of the Chamber. It
was understood on no s'de; but it was given from
the Chair, which everybody was bound to hear.
The Senate can do as it pleases about the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question of order, and submit it to the
sense of the Senate. The special order now under
consideration was set for half past twelve o'clock.
At a preceding period, another special order had
been set for one o'clock, and would have come up
to-day regularly at one o'clock, but for the special
order assigned for half past twelve o'clock. When
the hour of half past twelve o'clock arrived, the
Chair called up the special order. By the unan-
imous consent of the Senate, expressed through
the Chair, it was allowed to go over informally
for a few minutes, until the report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations could be read; but it
was in order before the Senate, and those proceed-
ings were by unanimous consent. The Chair called
it up as soon as that particular business had been
disposed of. In the mean time, the hour of one
o'clock had arrived; and the question is made
whether the order assigned for one o'clock, hav-
ing been assigned by the Senate on a day previous
to that upon which it assigned this order for half
past twelve o'clock, whether, when the hour of
one o'clock arrives, the first assigned order must
not come up. The Chair will take the sense of
the Senate after the reading of two rules:
" When the liourshall have an.ved for the consideration
of a special order, it shall be the duty of the Chan- to take
up such special oider, and the Senate shall proceed to con-
sider it, unle-s u be postponed by a vote ot the Senate.
"When two or mote subject-* &hali have been specially
aliened for consideration, they shall take precedence ae-
eouling to the oider of time at which they were severally
ao'i^ned, and &m.h order sdjdll at no tune be lost or changed,
except by the duection of the Senate.
'• Special oiders shall not lose their position on account
of mtei veiling adjournments; nor s-haH they lose llieir l cla-
tive position on the Calendar except by vote of the Senate
until finally disposed of."
Mr. SEWARD. It gives precedence to the
first in date.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
simply add that the Calendar, as presented to
him, gave the special order set for half past twelve
o'clock before the other, and he acted as he was
told by the Secretary had been the practice of the
Senate. As an original question he does not feel
sure that his decision is correct.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is wholly unneces-
sary to submit the question to the Senate unless
somebody appeals from the decision of the Chair.
I believe there is no difficulty about the rule or
practice of the Senate. The decision of the Chair
is perfectly correct, and I think according to uni-
form usa<re.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, on the
suggestions of Senators, will, unless the sugges-
tions be withdrawn, take the sense of the Senate
on the question of order.
Mr. 1VERSON. This question of order is not
without its embarrassments. I will state what
is my remembrance of the action of the Senate
