1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. op Reps.
taries in Nebraska and Kansas. We find it mov- j
ing through Texas; and thus, in nine or ten years, j
have our hardy American people reduced the in-
termediate unsettled distance one half,'reducing
it from two thousand to one thousand miles. This
movement is not looking to a particular pass of
the mountains, to a southern pass, or to a north-
ern pass, or to a central pass; but backed up by
all these States, it is moving upon them all. These
are obvious facts which have only to be mentioned
to be assented to.
How is it with our communications ? Congress
has as yet done nothing m regard to the special
measure of a Pacific railroad; but, under the aus-
pices of Congress, it has been working out its
own success for years. Congress has made grants
of lands to States and Territories; and with these
grants the genius of our country, as embodied in
its railroad enterprise, has been pushing the roads
into the interior, and toward that western slope.
Are these roads looking to a southern pass, or
a northern pass, or a central pass, or are they
marching upon all the practicable passes of the
mountains and looking beyond those mountains
to the ports of the Pacific coast ? This statement
will receive the assent of every man. It will re-
ceive not only the assent of this committee, but
the assent of every well-informed man in this
country. Whether we come from the Atlantic or
the Pacific coast, we are all proud of this move-
ment of our country. Why, sir, Minnesota is
not content with one road westward: she must
have three to her western frontier, striking it at
Pembina, at the Bois de Sioux, and on her south-
ern line; Iowa has seven; Missouri several; Ar-
kansas three; Texas at least one; and Nebraska
now is asking Congress for grants for some three
'S-oads.
Whilst we see this great spectacle, roads in all
the States moving westward, we, as a nation, are
doubting whether we shall simply direct these
tendencies in such a way that they shall be con-
summated as they have begun. We are doubting
whether we shall do that, or simply fix on some
one route, a northern, a central, or a southern
route, and that, too, as I have said, when no State
or Territory is content with one road lookin west-
ward. Congress has indorsed thisaction of con-
structing those several roads in the States and
Territories, by making grants of land for that pur- j
pose, showing what was its idea of the duty of I
the Government, as a prudent proprietor, in the !
way of bringing its own lands into market, and j
as a business operator in carrying the mails and
transporting troops and supplies. I take it that
the principle upon which all these grants have
rested looks to the duty of the Government as a
landed proprietor, and a business operator. It
made grants of land for railroad purposes, because
by so doing it brought the remainder of the land
into market, and derived from it a larger revenue
than it other-wise would have got from the whole;
and besides that, when constructed, these rail-
roads have answered to carry the mails and ^he
troops and the munitions of war of the Govern-
ment.
I have glanced in the briefest manner at these
tendencies, both of population and of commumca- !
tion from our western States, and it seems to me !
obvious,- that in looking to this great question of a ;
Pacific railroad, it would be wise and prudentfor |
the Government to adopt a policy which will carry j
out those tendencies to their full fruition. There- |
fore I would not carve our way to the Pacific by :
a single route. It would not satisfy the country. ,'
It is not for its peace and harmony politically. It j
could not do the business of the country. It is !
not up to the exigencies of the occasion. But
carve your way to the western ocean with at least
three roads. The tendency of railroads westward
is rather to three roads. Those in Minnesota, and
certain roads in Iowa, look to the northern route.
The greater portion of the railroads in Iowa, a
portion of the railroads in Missouri, and those
asked for in Nebraska, look to the South Pass.
The other roads look to the Albuquerque route,
or the route of the thirty-second parallel. Then j
cherish the tendencies of all of these roads. Let ;
us, by wise and prudent arrangement, endeavor to |
give to all sect ions of the country their full meas- i
ure of justice. ^ I
It is somewhat difficult, Mr. Chairman, in the !
brief space of an hour, to occupy the field and yet
do justice to many of these important considera-
tions. I propose, now, to consider the economi-
cal question. It is unquestionably a great under-
taking to complete even one Pacific railroad. No
man should deceive himself in this matter. Least
of all should he allow himself to deceive others.
It is a great undertaking to complete even one
road; of course it is a much greater undertaking,
and'will much more task the energies of the coun-
try to complete three. The question is, will they
pay ? The Government is now sending its mail
by the southern route to the western coast. It is
sending its mail by the central route. It will soon
send it by the northern route, over which an order
was given, little more than a year since, to move
a regiment and a half of troops, and'was not car-
ried out only because of the lateness of the sea-
son. The troubles in Utah occurred, and pre-
vented the renewal of the order the present year.
We are now moving to Utah with troops, and
they arc moving to and fro upon the southern
route. Thus there will be business upon each of
those three routes, carrying the mails and trans-
porting troops and supplies. A railroad upon the
southern route will do but little, if anything, to-
wards the services of the other routes. It can per-
haps do something for a short distance over the
extremity of those routes looking to the Pacific.
Now, will there be sufficient business upon
these roads, in addition to the business of the
Government, to make them pay? Well, that is
dependent upon two elements—the one is way
business and the other is through business. It
has been urged against these several roads that
there would be no way travel; and then, the ex-
perience of roads at home, connecting populous
cities, being dependent upon the way business,
has been brought to bear, to prove that the roads
to the Pacific must depend upon way business.
I admit it all, and I will speak upon that point
for a few moments. You will observe that in the
railroad movements in the States, all the railroads
have been going on pari passu, twenty, thirty, or
forty miles apart; and that the way business is
only what has been furnished from ten, twenty,
or at most thirty miles, on each side of the road.
And yet we see how large a way business is de-
veloped along these routes. How will it be upon
the great Pacific road ? Suppose we have three
roads. They will range from three to four hun-
dred miles apart, and that would be quite suffi-
cient to fuinish way business for the roads. In
the States the roads are so near together that
they even compete for the way business, reducing
fares and freights, and, of course, returns upon
capital. There will be no such competition in the
way business of the roads to the Pacific. Grant-
ing that you would have nothing but a grazing
population, yet you would have a greater popu-
lation per mile than you have in the most thickly
settled agricultural portions of our country. But j
it is not simply the question of a grazing popula- j
tion, but of a grazing and agricultural population; !
and on the northern route the latter will predom-
inate.
But it is said, how will the people get there?
I will answer the question. How was it with the
grants of land made to the States for constructing
railroads ? In many cases how many people were
upon the route ? How many people were at the
western terminus? Every man knows that the
grants were made and the roads commenced go-
ing into a country almost unoccupied. And those
were not roads which occupied ten or twelve years
in their construction, but simply three or four
years; and yet in that short time the people went
in, and the roads at once found a population to
furnish the requisite way travel. How will it be
with the great Pacific routes, having twelve years
instead of three or four years m which to fill up
with population? There is now but about a thou-
sand miles of country not occupied by settlements.
The frontier is moving a hundred miles a year;
and even without this great stimulus of railroad
operations, experience shows that in ten years to
come population will spread over the whole of
this distance. Let certain Indian treaties which
are now before the Senate be confirmed, and this
year and next the population of Oregon and
Washington will spread over the interior plains
of those Territories, and the frontier will be ex-
tended {wo or three hundred miles further east-
ward from the shores of the Pacific. We have
arrived at that point where there is a reflex move-
ment from the Pacific. The wave of population
has reached the Pacific, and is now rolling back
towards the Rocky Mountains. The tideof popu-
lation is moving westward and eastward from the
two frontiers, and under the-impulse of a railroad
it will soon fill up the entire interior.
Now, what will be the effect of even two years
employed in locating a railroad? It is a large
operation to locate a railroad from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific. Parties will have to open
wagon routes, and will have to winter on those
routes. The very act of location will carry with it
trains of emigrants. I venture the prediction that
when the Pacific railroad is commenced, you will
find the emigrant wagons distributed over the
route; and before the load is half completed you
will have a continuous settlement along the line.
But it is objected, again, that w« have, on sev-
eral of those routes, snow and ice; that you can-
not work in the construction of the road for a
long time in winter; and that you cannot run the
road many days in winter after it is completed.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I can only say that this
idea of snow and ice is the. veriest myth which
ever hung around the brains of sensible men. It
exists in the face of all our experience. Our im-
mense railroad developments have notgoneonin
a country where snow and ice are unknown. The
greatest railroad development of this continent is
m the northern States of this Union and the Can-
adas. When I went to school as a boy in the old
Bay State, I had to trudge thrbugh larger snow-
banks than any to be found upon the divides of
the R.ocky Mountains on the northern route. I
speak from personal and most careful information.
In lb53-54 my parties crossed, in the depth of
winter, the Big Hole Pass, Hell Gate Pass, the
Little ISlackfoot Pass, and Caelot's Pass, and the
greatest depth of snow, except when drifted, was
one foot; and where drifted, never exceeded two
feet. Through these passes, every winter, the
Indians of the eastern portion of Washington
pass—not single men, but whole tribes, with their
men, women, and children, and their animals
laden down with meat and buffalo robes. Nor
will there, in my judgment, be any serious ob-
structions from snow on the South Pass route, or
on any of the other practicable routes. As John-
son once said to Boswell, "empty your head of
Corsica," 1 do beg men to empty their heads of
this bugbear of snow and ice. The idea should
not be entertained as a serious objection to any
route.
And now I will come to the defense of the south-
ern route in one particular. I believe the diffi-
culties there, m regard to the heats of summer,
are overestimated. It is said that men cannot
labor there three months of the year. I cannot
speak of that from a thorough knowledge, as I
can in regard to the snow and ice of other routes,
but I have had some little experience in a some-
what similar region of country; and from the in-
formation I possess, I have no question that, by
a little management in the hours of working, a
party could be kept at work there all the year
round. I would like to give my reasons for that
i| judgment, but my time is nearly out, and 1 have
!| two or three more topics to touch upon.
II In the remarks which I have thus far submitted,
;i Mr. Chairman, I have refrained from going into
'[■ any elaborate statistics. They do not convince
'I much; they simply weary one, and I have pre-
i ferrod to rest my case upon obvious and ascer-
i tamed facts winch come within the experience of
: all intelligent men.
i: But I wish, now, to enlarge upon a topic which
! 1 will require me to refer to some statistics, and thai
!: is, that the country requires three routes, and that
!i each is a national route. As regards the southern
j! route, its office is not simply to cany fieight and
; passengers from the Atlantic coast to the southern
;! portions of our Pacific empire, but it has relations
I with powers south of it, and hence it becomes
emphatically national. There are silver mines in
:i Arizona, which will supply the whole country
• i with that metal, and probably the world. There
are silver mines in Sonora, also; and the wealth
1 of Sonora, and other parts of Mexico, will find
i its outlet through that road. That road becomes
