1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
during the last Congress. When two orders were
set for the same day, one for half past twelve
o'clock and one for one o'clock, if the Senate took
up the order for half past twelve o'clock, and pro-
ceeded to its consideration, when the hour of one
arrived, which was set for the other order, if the
Senate had not got through the first order, the
second order was superseded. The Senate goes
on with the discussion and action upon the first
order until itgets through, and then the next order
at one o'clock comes up in its place. If the half
past twelve order be not taken up at the time it is
set, and the half hour expires and it runs beyond
the time for which the other order was set, then
as between the two, the one first set chronologic-
ally is the one in order, and then the order for
half past twelve o'clock is superseded by the one
for one o'clock.
I would, however, suggest whether we may not
get rid of this difficulty by a very simple process;
and that is, if the Senator from Mississippi will
waive his right to go on with the half past twelve
o'clock order, and take up the one o'clock order
and postpone it to three o'clock, with a view of
taking up the military bill. That will give an
hour and a half for its consideration, and then at
three o'clock the Senator from Iowa can take up
the order on which he has the floor, and he can
have the whole afternoon to explain his views. I
think that will accommodate all parties. I move,
with a view to get rid of the difficulty, that we
take up the special order assigned for one o'clock,
being a motion to refer a portion of the Presi-
dent's message to the Committee on Territories,
with a view to postpone it to half past two or
three o'clock as may be desired.
Mr. WILSON. When the bill which came
from the committee of which 1 am a member, was
presented, it was moved by the chairman that it
be assigned for this day at one o'clock. It was
then suggested that a special assignment had been
made, on which the Senator from Iowa had the
floor. The chairman of the committee then moved
that it be specially assigned for this day at half
past twelve o'clock, not, I suppose, for the purpose
of taking the floor from the Senator from Iowa,
but for the purpose of giving the half hour of the
morning to the consideration of this bill. This
has been waived again to-day, and it is now be-
fore us. I do not think there is any great neces-
sity for haste in the consideration of this bill. It
has been in the committee for weeks; it has been
discussed in all forms; it has been reported; and
it has been laid upon the tables of Senators to-day
in a printed form. Senators toll us they want time
for consideration. They ought to have that time.
Now, I would suggest, and will make a motion
to carry out the suggestion, that this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, and that the hourof half
past twelve o'clock bo assigned for its considera-
tion. The Senator from Iowa can then proceed
with his speech to-day, and the bill will go over
until to-morrow, and Senators will have time to
examine the measure. I move to postpone the
bill until to-morrow at half past twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair consid-
ers this special order before the Senate; and, there-
fore, the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is in order, and the motion of the Senator
from Georgia is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I will accept the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the motion made by Mr. Douglas, to refer so
much of the President's message as relates to Kan-
gas to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, this prelimi-
nary discussion places me m an attitude which is
unpleasant to myself. It was fully understood,
as 1 supposed, that the Senator from Mississippi
modified his motion to makehis bill aspecial order
at one o'clock, so as to read half past twelve o'clock
to-day, that the previous special order might not
be interfered with. This discussion, however,
with the disposition of the Senator to insist on the
prior special order, coupled with his sarcastic re-
mark that this subject, " this mighty theme of the
reference of the President's message to the Com-
mittee on Territories, was not so all-important as
to require the attention of the Senate," presents
it m another light. I am perfectly willing that
his position, with his own explanation thus made,
shall go to the country. I enter on this discus-
sion on my responsibility as a Senator, equal, in
point of rights, with the Senator from Mississippi,
or any other Senator on this floor; being respons-
ible to the people of Iowa alone for the manner
of its use. I felt no special interest in the ques-
tion of order raised; for I might have submitted
the remarks I intend to make on the bill pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Mississippi
with as much pertinency as are a large majority
of speeches made in the Senate to the actual ques-
tion pending; for I suppose that the passage of
the bill which he has presented is desired to en-
able the President of the United States to enforce
the Lecompton constitution. The increase of the
Army can be called for at this time, as it seems to
me, for no other reason; and I may have occasion
to elaborate this view before I take my seat.
I listened with some degree of interest, Mr.
President, to the discussion of this part of the
President's message on the other side of this
Chamber, growing out of the fact principally of
the harmonious profession ofattachment, by both
factions of the Democracy, to the principles of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. The President and the
southern Democracy, as hero represented, profess
to be guided by the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill—that is, " non-intervention by Con-
gress in the affairs of the Territories;" and the
honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
professes equal devotion to this principle—that the
people of the Territories, like the States, " shall
be left perfectly free to manage their own affairs
in their own way." And yet, sir, in practice, there
is a vast difference in the result of the measures
proposed.
To follow the advice of the President and those
who agree with him, will secure the organization
of a slave State on free soil; to adopt the policy
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, will ex-
clude slavery from this domain as effectually as
if Congress should reenact " that neither slavery
nor involuntary servitude shall ever exist north
of 36° 30 north latitude;" forit is now known to
us all that an overwhelming majority of the peo-
ple of Kansas arc opposed to slavery; and there
is no practical difference between excluding it di-
rectly, byan actof Congress, and excluding it indi-
rectly, by a submission of the question to the peo-
ple, when wc all know, when everybody knows,
when the whole world knows, that they will abol-
ish it without ceremony.
The President and his supporters do not deny
the right of the people of the Territory to require
the submission of their constitution to the electors
at the polls for approval or disapproval, or its
propriety as a general rule of policy. But they
deny its expediency in the present instance, or
its possibility, without an infraction of the doc-
trine of " non-intervention by Congress." They
claim that, to require the people to vote for or
against their fundamental law, by an act of Con-
gress, would be as distasteful to freemen as would
be a denial of that right.
And if we admit the truth of the President's
assumptions, his conclusions are irresistible. If
his premises are true, lus position is impregnable;
for it is true, sir, that, if the people of a State or
Territory are left perfectly free to give expression
tribunals of justice. Writsissned by these courts
are, I believe, always in the name and by the au-
thority " of the people," " of theState," or " of
the Commonwealth." or of theXJnited States,and
not in the name or by the authority of the court
itself.
In the administration of the Government in
the enforcement of the laws, State and national,
the people act through their representatives,^ the
presidential office, and through the Governors of
the States; all of whom are supposed to be guided
by the will of the people, expressed in legal
form.
The entire frame-work of our Government rests
on the idea of obedience to the will of the people,
expressed through their representatives, in all of
its departments—legislative, executive and judi-
cial. And the practical departures are very few.
What the people do in mass meeting is usually-
informal and illegal. Large bodies of men, enter-
taining similar views, convene for the purpose of
adopting resolutions and confirming a platform,
the whole purport of which is to indorse the official
conduct of their legal representatives, or to instruct
them in relation to their future officmlduty.
It is true also, Mr. President, that many of the
most respectable courts of the country have de-
cided that when the Legislature of a State, on its
own responsibility, submits a law to a vote of the
people for their approval or disapproval, such sub-
mission must either be treated as a surplusage, or
regarded as vitiating the whole act, even though
it may have been approved by the people at the
polls; and this, on the ground that legislative dis-
cretion does not rest in the people at the polls, but
that it rests in their representatives m legislative
bodies legally convened. Hence,if the people of
Kansas did m fact authorize the creation of a con-
stitution for a State government, through a con-
vention of delegates, chosen by them for that pur-
pose,without requiring its submission for approval
at the polls, they are bound by its action. The
act of the convention is their act. " Facit per
alium,facitpcr se." A convention thus appointed
possesses plenary powers. And to suppose the
instrument to be void, when thus made, because
the convention failed to do that which the people
had not required it to do, is an absurdity that
would not be maintained by a lawyer of respect-
ability for a single moment.
This leads us to an examination of the supposed
act of the people of Kansas authorizing and cre-
ating this convention. And this is necessarily
preceded by the question of legal authority on the
part of the people of the Territory, unauthorized
by Congress, to make a constitution for a State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union. I do not inquire by what instrument-
ality it should be made; whether by the whole
people in mass meeting; whether by all the elect-
ors in one body, or by delegates of the people ap-
pointed by the electors. Ilave the people, the power
to make a constitution by any instrumentality what~
ever ? Tins depends, I humbly conceive, on the
truth or fallacy of the doctrines of squatter sover-
eignty itself; for,"if you have conferred on the
people the right to make all needful laws on all
rightful subjects of legislation, or if this right
exists uncreated in the people of a Territory, then
they may enact a law authorizing the creation of
to their own will in their own way, they may act jj a constitution for a State go vomment, preparatory
in mass convention as a vast deliberative body— i j to their admission into the Union as a member of
may originate and mature measures of public this Confederacy.
policy, or they may act through their represent-
atives. In this country the latter is the usual
practice.
The people of the States, in the modification of
their constitutions, and of the Territories m ori-
ginating them, have uniformly acted through del-
egates. Sometimes they have reserved the right
of approval or disapproval at the polls of the
whole instrument when completed. Sometimes,
however, they have clothed their delegates with
plenary powers. In the latter cases, the conven-
tions have frequently submitted either the whole
instrument, or some of its specific features, about
which they may have been in doubt in regard to
the popular will.
In the enactment ofstatute laws, thepeopleact
through their representatives in the State Legis-
latures, and also in the Congress of the United
States.
In the. interpretation and application of the laws,
the people act through their representatives on the
Here is the first point of divergence that I have
noticed between the two fact.ons of the Demo-
cratic party as represented on this floor, and as
they now exist m the country at large. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois claims, very singu-
larly as it seems to me, that the people of Kansas
had no power, no legal right, to initiate measures
prepaiatory to the formation of a State govern-
ment. That I may do him no injustice, I desire
to read from his speech delivered on this floor.
In that speech he said:
" A Terntoiial Legislature possesses whatever power its
organic act gives it, and no more. The organic act of Atlt-
ansas piovided that the legi-slauve power should be ve<noc!
m the IVuitorml Legislature, tue same in the otjjann; net
of Kansas provides that the Iej^latiw power and auUunity
shall be veered in the Legislature. Dm what the extvnt
of that legislative power? It is to le.ri-kue tat thruTcirt-
tory uadei liie organic act, and m obedience to it."
He supports this opinion by reference to the
official opinion of Attorney General Butler, in
which he said, in relation to a similar act, con*
