1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the measure expect it to be executed in the
spirit in which it was brought here, that proper
men are to be selected, without any sort of refer-
ence to their politics or to the place of their birth,
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. I do not understand for
what length of time the chief of police is to hold
his office by the terms of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. No limitation is imposed in
the bill; but, under a general law, he would go
out of office at the end of four years, which is the
limitation of the term of all officers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise far the pur-
pose of discussing the bill at length, but simply
to call the attention of the Senate to this clause of
the Constitution:
"The Congress may by law vest the appointment of such
infet ior officers as they thiuk proper m the President alone,
in the courts of law, or in the heads of Departments."
I think there can be no doubt that this is an
officer of the United States, being an officer cre-
ated by a law of Congress; and therefore the ap-
pointing power under the Constitution must ne-
cessarily be vested in the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate; or in the
President aione, or in the courts of law, or in the
head of a Department. A suggestion that the
officer be chosen by the Senate and the House
of Representatives, or be appointed by the Vice
President and the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, would, under the Constitution, be
improper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The question before the Senate is on
the amendment pioposed by the Senator from j
Virginia.
Mr, HUNTER. 1 propose to modify the
amendment so as simply to strike out from the
third section the words, ** the Mayor of Wash-
ington. " My purpose is, as this is to be a force i
of the Federal Government, that it shall be ruled
entirely by the Federal authorities.
Mr. BROWN. I am not particular whether
that provision be stricken out or not, but 1 desire
simply to assign the reason why it was inserted,
and 1 hope the Senate will recollect it when they
vote. That clause was put in because there will
necessarily be a double police—this auxiliary
guard, as it is called, and the day police. The
Mayor of the city does appoint the day police, and
he makes regulations for them; and I was fearful
that unless he hod something to say in fixing the
regulations for the night police, there might be !
some condictin the regulations for the two forces, |
which might work badly. As, under the bill, he j
had nothing to do, except simply to perform that j
little duty of helping to make the regulations for '
the force, I thought his counsels had better be i
taken on that ground, and that alone. !
Mr. PUGH Do I understand that this bill is !
purely for a night watch? I think you had better |
take them for the whole twenty-four hours. If j
you give them two dollars a day, they can very |
well afford to do it.
Mr. BROWN. If you make it day watch
and a night watch both,the danger suggested by
the Senator from Georgia may occur that the city
will withdraw its police entirely. Heretofore, let
Senators understand, the city has guarded the day
and the General Government the night, and we
do not propose to change that regulation; but we j
propose, at the proper time, to introduce an
amendment, making the auxiliary guard speci- '
fically a night watch, liable to be called upon for
day service, in case of emergency.
Mr. CRITTENDEN: I would suggesttothe
Senator from Mississippi whether the power of
appointing the chief had not better be vested in
the chief judge of the District of Columbia. I
think that would be the most proper depositary
of it. It is the province of the judicial department
in one sense to keep order and preserve the peace,
and I should be better satisfied if the power of
appointment were given to the courts. I should
have no objection to the bill if I were perfectly-
sure that it would always be executed in the spirit
in which I know my friend from Mississippi
offer.* it. Bat it is liable to abuse. I think it
would be wisest and best, in legislating on this
subject, if we can do so, to derive all the benefit
possible from this bill, while at the same time we
avoid all dangers of abuse. It is from no personal
objection to the President, or any head of a De-
partment, but on principle, that I prefer that the
appointment should be made by another officer;
and I wouli suggest the chief judge of the Dis-
trict.
Mr. BROWN. If Senators will allow the vote
to be taken on the present amendment, I will reply
to the suggestion of my friend from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia
as modified.
The amendment was re jected.
Mr. BROWN. Now, I will reply to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and state why I should pre-
fer the bill standing as it is, to having the ap-
pointment of this officer devolved on any of the
judges here—even the chief judge of the circuif
court. 1 hope the chief of police will be not only
a man of character, but one who will feel the
dignity of his position, on account of the source
from which he receives it—not a man who will
be above his business, but one who will feel that
he is a trusted officer of the Government; that he
has not only been appointed by the President,
but that he has been approved by the Senate;
that he is an officer in commission, a man of some
consequence. I want him to feel the full degree
of responsibility that is devolved upon him. I
want him to feel that Congress, in passing this
bill, and making this provision for his appoint-
ment, has not been acting idly and without.full con-
sideration of what it is doing. If he gets his ap-
pointment from one of the judges, he will be like
the clerk of a court; he will do things by rote, by
routine; he will do very well while you are watch-
ing him; but I am afraid he will not feel the same
degree of responsibility to the public at large, and
hardly to himself, that he would if he got his ap-
pointment in the manner pointed out by this bill.
If I thought the mode suggested by the Senator
from Kentucky would procure us quite as effi-
cient an officer, I would accept it; but I do not
think it will. As 1 said before, I want the chief
of the guard, when he is appointed, to feel that
he is a man of some consequence; that the Sen-
ate of the United States has passed upon him and
determined that he- was the right sort of man for
this position. Then I shall hope for the highest,
possible degree of efficiency that you can get in
such a man. I cannot, for that reason, accede to
the suggestion.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that 1 think he has one of-
ficer too many here, which adds unnecessarily to
the expense. What is the net essity for this chief
of police ? Why will not a captain answer :
Mr. BROWN. He will not, for the reason
that the chief of police ought to be stationary,
except on very extraordinary occasions, like the
mayor of a city, so that every one can always
know where to find him, and not have to travel
about over a vast city like this, from Georgetown
to the Barracks, and from the Navy Yard to the
Potomac bridge, to find the chief. He ought to
have an office at a stated place, and be there dur-
ing stated hours. The captain of the police, on
the other hand, ought to be a man pursuing his
way through the city constantly, looking every-
where, attending to the wants of the city every-
where. I think, myself, that all these officers
are necessary, and I cannot consent to omit any
of them. At the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] I pro-
pose to amend the bill ill line ten of the first sec-
tion, by adding after " to be paid monthly," the
words " to serve during the night, and in the day
time when specially ordered to do ho. " There
is a blank in the eighth section 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the blank is filled,
I wish to increase the sum appropriated for con-
tingencies. It is now §5,000. I move to make it
|10,000. The amendment is in section four.
Mr. BROWN. I shall not oppose that amend-
ment; but it is proper that I should explain why
we put in that sum, and the purpose of putting it
there. We put in $5,000, being a little distrust-
ful at the time whether the sum was large enough;
but we did not want, upon a new bill of this sort,
to crowd appropriations to an extent which might
possibly destroy it in the estimation of some of
its friends. The appropriation is really a secret
service fund. It is called a contingent fund in
the bill. What the real object is I may state here.
It was not so expressed in the bill, because it
did not seem right to be using that sort of lan-
guage in an act of Congress. The object of the
money is to enable the police authorities to em-
ploy detectives, and when villains congregate its
the city, to employ secret men/not with uniforms
or badges, but m«ji who can be relied upon to go
out into the community and look after :them, to.
bring men here even from Other cities, to detect
and expose them—that is the object bf it, . Five
thousand dollars we thought, for the first, would
be sufficient for that purpose. We did not know
how it was going to work here. It may be that
not a dollar of it will ever be used; it may.be that
the sum is not large enough. On discussion in
the committee, we thought $5,000 would do. If
the Senate prefer $10,000, very well. I do not
think, myself, there is any risk to run in voting,
for it, because it will not be used unless there be
a. necessity for using it. If there be a necessity
for using more than$5,000, a larger sum ought to
be voted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now propose to fill the blank
in line three of the eighth section of the biH with
the words " $75,000," and I will explain it while
I am up. The section will then read;
That the sum. of money necessary to carry this act into
effect, not to exceed $75,000, be, and the same hereby is,
appropriated.
The sum is made up in this way: Forchief of
police, $2,000; one captain, $1,200; four lieuten-
ants, at SHOO each, $3,200; one hundred men, at
$600 each, $60,000; making $66,400 in all. Then
the bill provides that you are to have guard-
houses. I have inquired into that. I think they
have one now. They will probably want three
more, it may be four. For that purpose we pro-
pose to add $8,600. That every one will see will be
an expense which can be incurred but once When
you have once provided the houses, they will
stand for a long series of years. The whole ex-
pense of the bill, then, will be $66,400 for salaries;
and $5,000 for the contingent item, if that should
never be increased, would make the whole ex-
pense $71,400 annually; and, for the time being,
we ask an appropriation of $75,000
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have an
amendment to offer as an additional section; but
I present it now, as it will affect the preceding sec-
tion containing the blank proposed to be filled by
the Senator from Mississippi. The amendment
which I propose is:
And be it further enacted, That a tax sufficient £0 pay two
thirds of the annua! expense incurred by carrying this act
into effect, shall be annually assessed upon the real and
personal property and poli&of the city of Washington, under
the direction o( the Secretary of the Interior, who is hereby
authorized and directed to make such rules and regulations,
as shall be necessary for the collection of said taxation ; and'
the same sh<ill be assessed and collected in the manner now
provided by law for the annual collection of the municipal
taxes of said city.
There seems, sir, to be a perfect agreement on
! one point—that the city of Washington ought to
! incur the expense, and ought to be held responsi-
j ble for the efficiency of Us police; and then the
; inquiry is presented, how are we to enforce this
duty upon them? how can we compel the city of
Washington to establish an efficient police? It
is very clear, that if we go on and establish a
police force for their protection, we can lay a tax
on them sufficient to defray the expense of that
police.
One main argument relied upon for the passage
of this bill is the necessity for protecting the per-
sons who come to the seat of Government—foreign
ministers, members of Congress, and others-, and
on this account it is said to be the duty of the
Government to aid to some extent in establishing
an efficient police at this point. If this bill be
passed, the result will be that the city will dis-
pense with its police, and rely entirely upon the
police established by the Federal Government.
Then, it seems to me, if the Government incurs
one third of the expense of this police, and thereby
imparts efficiency to it, the city property, polls,
and personality ought to pay the other two thirds
of the expense. This seems to me to be fair and
just. All the other cities of the Confederacy im-
pose taxes upon the property of their citizens to
defray the expenses of the city for keeping up a
police force, and for other municipal purposes.
Why should Washington city be exempt from
the burden of taxation for such purposes ? If you
adopt this amendment requiring them to pay two
thirds of the expense, we can enforce it; and when
it is understood that the city of Washiftgton must
incur a large proportion of the expense incurred
by the creation of this police force, they will bt>
