1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
A bill (No. 524) for the relief of Francis Car-
ver;
A bill (No. 526) for the relief of Frederick
Smith;
A bill (No. 527) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearson;
A bill (No. 528) for-the relief of Judith Nott;
A bill (No. 529) for the relief of John C. Rath-
bun;
A bill (No- 530) for the relief of Stephen Fel-
lows;-
A bill jpsTo. 531) for the relief of John Perry,
of IllinSp;
A bill (No. 532) for the relief of Ebenezer
Hitchcock *
A bill (No. 533) for the relief of Shore Case, of
New York;
A bill (No. 534) for the relief of Allen Smith;
A bill (No. 535) for the relief of David Wat-
son;
A bill (No. 543) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of John McDonough, deceased, late
of Louisiana;
A bill (No. 525) for the relief of Robinson Gam-
mon;
A bill (No. 547) for the relief of Benjamin
Wakefield;
A bill (No. 509) for the relief of Gardner and
Vincent and others;
A bill (No. 570) for the relief of Lieutenant
Loomis L. Langdon;
A bill (No. 571) for the relief of David Mc-
Clure, administrator of Joseph McClure, de-
ceased;
A bill (No. 572) for the relief of Lewis W.
Broad well;
A bill (No. 573) for the relief of Thomas Ha-
sam and B. S. Brewster;
A bill (No. 575) for the relief of Robert A.
Davidge;
A bill (No, 57G) for the relief of Douglass Ot-
tinger;
A joint resolution (No. 24) for the relief of
Henry Orndorf;
A joint resolution (No. 22) for the relief of
Michael Pappremza;
A joint resolution (No. 25) authorizing the
Postmaster General to revise and adjust the
accounts of Kimball & Moore, and Moore &
Walker;
A bill (No. 402) granting an invalid pension to
James Fugate, of Missouri;
A bill (No. 501) for the relief of Elizabeth Mc-
Bner, only surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughery, deceased; and
A bill (No. 585) to establish certain post roads.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States approved and signed,
on the ]0th of May, an act making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1859; on the 18th
of May, ail act to authorize the vestry of Wash-
ington parish to take and inclose certain parts of
streets in Washington.city, for the purpose of ex-
tending the Washington cemetery, and for other
purposes; and on the of May the following
acts and joint resolution: •
An act for the relief of Isaac Drew, and other
settlers upon the public lands, in the State of
Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Pierre Broussard, deceased;
An act to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief of the heirs, or their legal representatives,
of William Conway, deceased;"
An act for the relief ofWilliam Smith, deceased,
late of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Regis Loisel, or his legal
representatives;
A joint resolution for paying the compensation
of stenographers employed by committees of the
House of Repiesentatives;
An act to pi event the inconvenient accumulation
in the Post Office Department of postmasters'quar-
terly returns; .
An act to increase the pension of John Rich-
mond;
An act for the relief of Thomas Snuthers;
Ail act for the relief of Pierre Gagnon, of Nat-
chitoches, Louisiana;
An act to amend ail act entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson;"
An act for the relief of Isaac Carpenter;
An act for the relief of Brevet Major H. L.
Kendrick;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Marie Malines; and
An act to create a land district in the Territory
of New Mexico.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of G. W. Biuford,
submitted an adverse report; which was oidered
to be printed.
He also, from tho same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 244) for the relief of
Henry G. Carson, and the opinion of the Court
of Claims adverse to the claim, submitted a re-
port concurring in the decision; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the bill (H. R. No. 254)
for the relief of William Hutchinson, and the bill
(H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Simeon Stedman,
asked to be discharged fiom their farther consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Court of Claims
adverse to the claim of Arthur Edwards, J. Owen,
and J. Davis, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
which was agreed to.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was refencd the bill (H. R. No. 335) for the re-
lief of Susannah Redman, widow of Lloyd Red-
man, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.No.
466) making appropriations for the expenses of
collecting the revenue from customs, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (FI. R. No. 199) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th of Julie, 1859, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Captain John B. Montgomery, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 418) for the
relief of Captain John B. Montgomery. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
203) for the relief of George W. Brisco, reported
it without amendment.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. HAYNE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Nival Affair be iii-
sti acted to inquire imo tlie expediency of authorizing tlie
appointment of tell cadets at law to tlie Naval Academy,
by tlie Uveeutive, us [novated with lelcrence to Hie Mill-
tary Academy.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.les, its Clerk, announced that tlie
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 07) for the relief of Jonas P. Kel-
ler;
A bill (No. 70) for the relief of John Dick, of
Florida;
A bill (No. 74) for the relief of J. Willcox Jen-
kins;
A bill (No. 81) for the lelief of Laurent Mil-
laudon;
A bill (No. 91) to continue a pension to Chris-
tine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Major
Moses J. Barnard, United States Army;
A bill (No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien;
A bill (No. 95) explanatory of an act entitled
" An act for the relief of Dem'psey Ptttman," ap-
proved August lfi, 1850;
A bill (No. 9G) for the relief of Susannah T.
Lea, widow and administratrix of James Ma-
olenen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
b A bill (No. 100) for the reliefofEhjah F. Smith,
Gilman H- Perkins, and Charles F. Smith;
A bill (No. 117) for the relief of William Allen,
of Portland, in the State of Maine;
A bill (No. 136) for the relief of John B. Hand;
A bill (No. 145) for the relief of Brevet Major
James L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States Army: *
A bill (No. 185) for the relief of Anna M. E.
Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cornelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. De Lannoy;
A bill (No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel;
A bill (No, 208) for the relief of Fabius Stan-
ley;
A bill (No. 330) for the relief of Stephen R.
Rowan;
A bill (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Sher-
man;
A bill (No. 35) for the relief of Michael ICinny,
late a private in company I, eighth regiment, Uni-
ted States Army;
A bill (No. 52) for the relief of William B.
Trotter;
A bill (No. 59) for the relief of James G. Ben-
ton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Lo'ngstreet, of the
United States Army; and
A joint resolution (No. 38) for the relief of
John Grayson.
BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL the bill (S. No.
413) for the relief of Mrs. Ann Smith, widow of
the late Brigadier General Persifer F. Smith, was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PRINTING A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Onlrml, That theie be printed one thousand additional
copies of ihc rcportof tlie Committee on Foieign Relations
(No. '2b,3) ill relation to recent searches and seizuies, by
British eiaisers, of Ameiiean vessels in the Gnlf of Mex-
ico.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Air. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed an act to amend tlie
" Act to incorporate the Columbia Institution
for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind."
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 42) granting a pension to Mary A.
M. Jones—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 344) for the relief of Captain Stan-
ton Slioales—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 345) for the relief of Nancy Magill,
of Ohio—to the Committee oil Pensions.
A bill (No. 340) for the relief ofWilliam Sut-
ton—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 347) for the relief of Joseph Webb
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 306) for the relief of John Duncan
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 455) for the relief of Micajah
Brooks—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 456) granting an invalid pension to
Bievet Major John Jones, of Tennessee—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 457) for the relief of Kennedy
O'Brien—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 458) for the relief of Evelina Por-
ter, widow of the late Commodore David Porter,
of the United States Navy—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 459) granting an invalid pension to
Silas Stevens, of Virginia—to the Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (No. 400) granting an invalid pension to
Beriah Wright, of New York—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A bill (No. 401) granting an invalid pension to
John Lee, of the State of Maine—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 402) granting an invalid pension to
James Fugate, of Missouri—to the Committee on
Pensions. T1
A bill (No. 464) for the relief oi Cornelius H,
Latham—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 512) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessee—to the Committee on Pensions.
A hill (No. 513) granting an invalid pension to
William Howell, of Tennessee—to the Coramit-
i tee on Pensions,
