430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1st *Sess.
Homestead Bill—Mr. Kelly.
Ho. of Reps.
national, therefore, as regards the whole country,
looking to the products of the mines and its influ-
ence on a neighboring Power.
As regards the South Pass.route, I will observe
that there is a larger population on the western
slope, on this.route, than on either of the others;
that it has the direct relations with the great cen-
ter of .the country; and in all respects, except con-
tiguity to foreign Powers, and the carrying trade
from Asia to Europe,is entitled to consideration
with the other two.
The northern route is, however, preeminently
a national one, for the question there is, shall the
road which must pass from the great basin of the
St. Lawrence, from the great chain of lakes, to
the shores of Puget Sound and the Georgian bay,
pass through American or through British terri-
tory ? That is the question.
Sir, great injustice has been done to the coun-
try between 49° and 54° 40'. Rejoicing in the
acquisition of Arizona, I only wished that her
southern line had gone still further south, so as
to give us a good port in the Gulf of California.
I trust we will have it yet. But it has been our
misfortune that wo have lost that rich and inviting
country between 49° and 54° 40'—a country rich
in mineral wealth,in mines of gold,and lead,and
platinum, and copper, and sulphur—extending
from the shores of the ocean to the Rocky Mount-
ains. At this moment, miners arc going to that
country from California, and to the northern por-
tion of Washington, where there are equally ex-
tensiveand rich gold fields, by thousands; and the
information which I have is entirely reliable as
to the large returns which labor has got there this
spring.
Now, the English Government are looking; to
their communication with the Pacific coast. They
have had an examination of the country lying
north of the forty-ninth parallel, oast of the Rocky
Mountains. It is an extonsiveand splendid graz-
ing country, and has large tracts of arable hind
adapted to all the cereals and vegetables. They
know the wealth of the western coast itself, in its
fisheries, in coal, and in all the elements of na-
tional prosperity. The question simply is, shall
the great line of communication go through Amer-
ican or British territory? I propose to give some
figures relative to the question. I have put them
in round numbers; but they are very near the
mark. The distance from Puget Sound, or Van-
couver, on the Columbia, to St. Paul, or the west-
ern end of Lake Superior, is eighteen hundred
miles; from Benieia to Rock Island, in the Mis-
sissippi, by the route of the South Pass, twenty-
three hundred miles; from San Francisco to Mem-
phis, by the route of the thirty-fifth parallel, twen-
ty-three hundred miles; from San Francisco to
Gaines, by the route of the thirty-second parallel,
twenty-two hundred miles. And the distance from
Benieia, via the valleys of the Sacramento and
Willamette, Vancouver, and the northen route, to
St. Paul, is twenty-five hundred miles. If we
take the equatic distance, allowing for grade,
which, though not important as regards passen-
gers, is an indispensable element as regards freight,
we find that the distance from Benieia to St. Paul
and the western end of Lake Superior by the
.northern route, is twenty-nine hundred and fifty
miles; from San Francisco to Gaines, by the route
of the thirty-second parallel, three thousand miles;
from San Francisco to Memphis, by the route of
the thirty-fifth parallel,thirty-three hundred miles;
and from Benieia to Rock Island, by the South
Pass route, twenty-eight hundred and fifty miles.
I have made the comparison to the Mississippi
river, because this river will be the great artery on
which to distribute freight coming from the ports
of the Pacific by rail throughout the Mississippi
valley.
Thus you see, that looking to the present great
commercial depot on the Pacific, San Francisco,
the northern route gives her the shortest and best
connection with the Northwest and the country
lying upon the great lakes, and that this connec-
tion is absolutely shorter than her connection
with the Mississippi,by the routes ofthe thirty-
fifth and thirty-second parallels. Looking, how-
ever, to Puget Sound,and taking the equatic dis-
tances, you find that the equatic distance from the
Sound to the Upper Mississippi and the great
lakes is two thousand two hundred; whereas,
from San Francisco to the Mississippi it is two
thousand eight hundred and fifty, three thousand
three hundred, and three thousand miles, by.the
routes respectively of the South Pass, the thirty-
fifth, and the thirty-second parallels.
But besides the other advantages of the route,
Puget Sound is nearest to Asia. The mouth of
the straits leading to Puget Sound is on the line
of sailing vessels from San Francisco to the ports
of China, Japan, and Russia, on the Pacific, and
therefore Puget Sound is as much neater to those
countries as is the distance from the entrance of
the Straits de Fuca to San Francisco, some seven
or eight hundred miles.
Considering, therefore, the greater shortness of
the northern route, and its nearer connections
with both Asia and Europe, it must become the
great route of freight and passengers from Asia
to Europe, and even of freight from Asia to the
whole valley of the Mississippi.
I have adverted to the views of the English
Government in regard to an overland communi-
cation through its own possessions. We are con-
tiguous on the forty-ninth parallel to that power-
ful foreign sovereignty. Which will give us the
most strength ? winch will most add to our de-
fense? which will most stimulate our own genius
and force? which will most spread population
through our borders and best evoke the resources
of our country? which will give us the best foot-
ing in the Northwest, and enable us best to hold in
our hands the key of the Pacific? a railroad on our
own soil, and a great port on our own ocean coast,
or a road passing over the soil of that powerful
foreign sovereignty, and a great port on its ocean
coast? The question of the control of the com-
merce of the Pacific and of the ascendency of
American genius and enterprise there,is involved
in the solution of this question; and therefore I
claim for the northern route the friendly consider-
ation of gentlemen from all quarters of the Union,
as not a sectional, but as preeminently a national
route.
I am of opinion there will be a great freight
business on all the routes of Asiatic supplies. By
the time the roads are completed, there will be,
unquestionably, a population of nearly one mil-
lion of souls on the line of each route, furnishing
the basis of way business, in addition to a vastly
larger population resting on the present western
line of States, and in the general vicinity of the
eastern termini, which will receive their supplies
of Asiatic goods by the rail. On the Pacific rail-
roads a gieat variety of Asiatic products will be
distributed to all quarters of the country, and even
on these roads pass to Europe. No costly or .per-
ishable article, or article which deteriorates by
crossing the tropics, will reach our Atlantic ports
or the ports of Europe by either cape. Silks,
spices, and teas, will go to our depots in the Pa-
cific, and will be taken over the great overland
routes to all the States of the Union, to the Can-
adas, and to Europe.
The imagmauonof man can scarcely set bounds
to the,future grandeur of our Pacific empire, and
the magnitude of our interests throughout that
great sea. Already a commerce is springing up
between us and the Russian possessions on the
Pacific, by the line of the Amoor, navigable two
thousand miles for steamers, whose mouth is but
about four thousand miles from Puget Sound,
and which will early bring us into connection with
thirty millions of people. Lines of sailing vessels
now run from our Pacific ports to the Amoor, Ja-
pan, China, and the islands ofthe sea. Fabrics
and merchandise of various kinds from San Fran-
cisco, but lumber and spars mainly from Puget
Sound. San Francisco and PugetSound are the
two great natural centers of commerce on the
western coast, and both are essential to its devel-
opment and control by us, American freemen hav-
ing a great destiny before us. San Francisco, more
developed than Puget Sound, having a much
larger immediate population backing it up, is the
natural port of California and of our southern
States; Puget Sound of our Northwest and our
North, and it will be the great port of ail the car-
rying trade by rail from Asia to Europe.
For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge mov-
ing to the Pacific on at least three roads. I deem
them all national, and required by the exigencies
of the age I beseech American statesmen to take
an enlarged and comprehensive view of this great
subject; to endeavor to realize our future growth;
and, by firmness and wisdom in the policy which
they will now inaugurate, to make us one com-
pact and continuous nationality, to make us, in
truth, the ocean-bound Republic, controlling the
commerce ofthe world.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN KELLY,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. KELLY said:
Mr. Chairman: I regret that the bill which I
had referred to the Committee on Agriculture at
the early part of this session has not as yet been
reported on, as I would have much preferred ad-
dressing whatever remarks I may desire to offer
on the homestead question to the bill itself. But
the session is now drawing to a close, and the few
weeks yet remaining admonish me to avail myself
of the privilege offered by the rules ofthe House,
which allow members to speak on all matters ap-
pertaining to the general state of the Union. I
will take occasion, however, to observe in pass-
ing, that the committees of this House have been
uniformly prompt in making their reports, even
on mattei s that sink into insignificance when com-
paied with the question of giving an humble home-
stead to actual settlers on iho lands of the Gov-
ernment; and, I will add further, that if the
committee should think proper to delay their re-
port much longer I shall feel it to be my duty, at
an early day, to move for their discharge from the
further consideration ofthe subject, and ask leave
to bring the bill directly before th« House. If the
Senate bill does not reach us in the mean time, I
may fail even in this way to secure a vote on the
question; but I will have the consolation to know
that I have done my duty to those of our fellow-
citizens who are either too modest or too pom* to
command much influence in this Hall.
I am fully conscious, sir, that this theme is not
the most jashiuiiable one I could discuss; to many
honorable members it may not even be the most
acceptable in other respects to which I might in-
vite their serious attention. But notwithstanding
I feel that I shall not appeal in vain, when I in-
voke this House as I do, most earnestly, to give
at least an hour's consideration to the claims upon
our liberality and justice, which the bill granting
a home on our public lands to actual settlers pre-
sents, and thus establish our claims as wise law-
makers and faithful Representatives, to the grati-
tude of our constituents and the admiration of the
world. It has, already, as we al] know, become
a standing subject of reproach and obloquy upon
our national Legislature and upon our Republic,
ih many of the pampered journals of Europe, that
the Cong'ress of the United States can legislate in
earnest only when some question connected wi'h
slavery or involving the negro race is the subject
of deliberation; and it must be confessed that our
proceedings, so far, during the present session,
would seem to give some show of truth to the un-
just and malevolent imputation.
Can we better lefute such unfounded calumny,
or more forcibly signalize our devotion to the
simple republican institutions under which we
live, than by adopting every legitimate means
within our power*, every means which our unpar-
alleled progress as a nation demands, and the Con-
stitution sanctions, to extend the boundaties of
our advancing civilization; to people our almost
limitless domain with the hardy sons of industiy
and toil; to expand the wings of commerce, ly
multiplying our staples of production; and above
all, to elevate to the true standard of American
freemen, physically and morally, as well as po-
litically, the thousands ofourfellow-citizens who
arc scattered throughout this broad Confederacy
of States; who have the heads to conceive; the
hands to toil; the unconquerable will to persevere;
but, unfortunately, lack the means to purchase an
humble homestead, even under the present unex-
ceptionable system of disposing of our public do-
