1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
at the polls? Pledges to secure this for the people
imply that the people had parted with it, or lost
the power to exercise it, and that this light was
to be created anew.
It is contended, however, thatunderallof these
circumstances, the people of Kansas did expect
and had a right to expect, that this instrument
would be -submitted to them for approval. But
this is a mere assumption without the slightest
support in facts as they really existed. The people
did not expect the submission of the Lecompton
constitution to a fair vote of the electors at the
polls; and hence these pledges of the President,
and of the Governor, and of Calhoun and his ac-
complices, to delude them into the recognition of
its legality, by voting under the territorial law-
authorizing its formation. And the people had
no right to expect its submission, these solemn
pledges notwithstanding. For nopreviouspledges
of this Government and its officials in Kansas to
secure the free-State men in the enjoyment of
their just rights, had ever been redeemed. To
confide in the pledges of their officials, they
had learned by sad experience, was to lean on a
broken reed, by which they had been uniformly
pierced; and the result has not disappointed their
expectation.
But the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] in his able speech made in the Senate
a few days since, argued, if I understood him cor-
rectly, that the Lecompton constitution should
be repudiated by Congress, in consequence of the
gross frauds perpetrated m the execution of the
census and registry laws preceding the election of
delegates, by which a fair expression of the will
of the people at that election was defeated. That
I may do him no injustice I quote from his speech,
his quotation from Governor Walker's letter to
the President of the United States:
"Thatconvention had vital, not technical defects in the
very substance ot its oigamzation utidei the teuitonal law,
which could on J j be cuied, in my judgment, as s *t louh ni
my inaugutai and other addie^scja, by the Mibmis'oon ot'the
constitution for ratification or lejcction by the people.
"On letvienee to the terntonal law"under which the
convention was assembled, thirty lout regulatly oigamzcd
courtlier were named as election distuete foi delegates to
the convention. In each and all of ihe-,c counties it was
required by law thai a census should be taken and the voters
registered ; and when this was completed, the delegate* to
the convention should be appoitioned accordingly, in nine-
teen of these counties there was no ceusu*, and thciefotc
there could be no such apportionment there of delegates
based upon such census. And m fiitcn of these counties
there was no registry of voters. The«e fifteen counties, in-
cluding many ot iho oldest organized counties of the Tcm-
tory, were entirely dist'tanclmed, and did not give, sind (by
no fault ofthen own) could not give a soiitaiy vote for del-
egates to the convention. Tim result was mipei induced bj
the tact that the Temrou.H Legi-laturo appointed all the
thelitis and probate judges in all the^e counties, to whom
was assigned the duty by law of making this census and
registry. The&e officers were political pluii;>aiis,di-«-<eutiMg
from the views and opinions of the people of these counties,
as pioved by the election in October last. These officers,
from want of funds, as they allege, neglected or reiu^ed to
take any cen u  01 make any legistry in these counti<'s,and
therefoiG they weie entirely disfranchised, and could not
and did not give a single vote at the election for delegates
to the constitutional convention.J>
Again:
"Nor could it be said these counties acquiesced; for
wherever they endeavored, by a subsequent cen^u< or re-
gistry of their own, to supply this delect, occasioned by tiie
previous neglectof the terntoiml officers, the delegates thus
chosen were rejected by the convention. I repeat, that in
nineteen counties out of thirty-four there was noeerisu-:.
In fifteen counties out of thiity-four theie was no legistry,
and not a soiitaiy vote was given, or could be given, for del-
egates to the convention, in any one of these counties.
Surely, then, it cannot be.said that such a convention, cho-
sen by scarcely more than one tenth oi the piesent voteis
of Kansas, repiesented the people of that Terutory, and
could ughtfulJy impose a constitution upon them without
their consent. These nineteen counties m which theie was
no census constituted a majority of the counties of theToi-
ntory, and these fifteen counties m which there was no re-
gistry gave a much larger vote attheOctobei election, oven
with the sk months' qualification, than the whole vote
given to the deles ites who signed the Lecompton consti-
tution on the 7ih of November last."
From this statement of the Governor, indorsed
by the honorable Senator, it appears that in half
of the counties no ccnsus was taken, and that, in
the apportionment of delegates based on the cen-
sus, the people of these counties were absolutely
excluded from a representation, so that the legal
•right to vote would have been unavailing; that,
in fifteen of these counties, the names of voters
were not registered, and on that account the elect-
ors were incapable of voting; that this legal in-
ability was placed beyond cavil by the unceremo-
nious exclusion of delegates from seats in this
convention elected, in a few of these proscribed
districts, in the abscnce of a census and registry;
that a majority of the electors in the Territory
were thus deprived of the elective franchise; that
this did not result from neglect or indifference on
the part of the people, but from the culpable, not
to say criminal, refusal of the officers of the Ter-
ritory to carry out the provisions of thelaw; and,
consequently, that this convention represented a
minority only of the people.
And the Senator strongly intimates, what the
whole country knows, and what I, in my place
here, on my responsibility as a Senator, distinctly
charge, that this criminal neglect was by design,
and for the purpose of excluding a fair expression
of the will of the people; and that the officers of
this Government, including the President, with a
full knowledge of all the facts, have openly parti-
cipated in the consummation of this open and fla-
grant robbing of the people of their dearest rights
as American citizens—the right to selecttheir own
rulers and to make their own laws; and that the
acquiescence of the people has been coerced by
the President by the use of Federal bayonets. To
suppose the contrary would be to deny the Pres-
ident and his officers ordinary intelligence.
The question then arises, whether the people
of that Territory can be robbed of their original,
their necessary right in the Territory, under the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, to give expression to their
will in the election of their delegates by a fraud-
ulent execution of the territorial laws: that which
was known at the time to be fraudulent; and which
facts wore fully known and understood, it is be-
lieved, by the President of the United States,
when he quartered troops around the room in
which these delegates convened, for the purpose
of protecting them from the very result so giaph-
ically indicated the other day by the honorable
Senator from California, [Mr. Broderick,] when
he said, that if the people of that Territory, being
thus intentionally robbed of their rights as Amer-
ican citizens, had risen in their might and flogged
these delegates from theTerntory,he would have
approved the act, and more, he would have ap-
plauded them had they maimed them and sent
them away m disgrace.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, and those who act with him, (and there are
millions that do m the country at large,) that this
Lecompton constitution has not been framed in
pursuance of a fair expression of the will of the
people; that it is the result of open and palpable
robbery and physical coercion that never could
have been successfully earned out unaidud by this
Government. But do they conclude that, on this
account, the Lecompton constitution is void? If
so, what do they say of the whole body of the
Kansas laws'—are they void, or aie they valid?
Nothing has transpired in connection with the
creation of this Lecompton constitution that more
than equals the enormities perpetrated at the first
territorial elections. Do you tell me that at the
election of delegates to this convention, the ma-
jority of the electors were unblushingly lobbed
of the legal power to vote? I reply that, at the
election of the first Territorial Legislature, the
legal voters were driven from the polls by intim-
idation and violence, whenever the success of this
legal robbery required it; that a thousand armed
strangers surrounded and held the polls at Law-
rence alone; and it is now claimed that every pre-
cinct, save one, was similarly violated. Do you
tell me that this convention has been preserved
from violence and dispersion by an outraged peo-
ple only by the troops of the Fedeial Govern-
ment ? I reply that the Territorial legislature
was maintained in power by the same means.
Do you tell me that this constitution contains pro-
visions repugnant to the will of the people? I
reply that the laws of the Territorial Legislature
were not only repugnant to the will of the people,
but denounced by the present Secretary of State,
then a Senator on this floor, and other distin-
guished Senators, as a disgrace to the age in which
we live. Do you tell me that the provisions of
this constitution can never be enforced among an
unwilling people, only at the cost of violence and
bloodshed? I reply that the whole body of the
Kansas laws have been enforced at this fearful
cost from the beginning up to the present hour.
The people of Kansas have been compelled to
submit to laws which they never made, and to
officers whom they nevereleeted. This grinding
tyranny has been open, continuous, unmitigated,
and unblushing, from the commencement to the
present. The Lecompton outrage is no more
flagrant than those by which it was preceded.
The last crop of fruit is. no more bitter than the
first. If the latter must be treated as void abinitia,
in consequence of these terrible political wrongs,
why not the first? If the Lecompton constitu-
tion may be set aside on this account, why not
the whole body of the Kansas laws?
The Senator from Illinois [Mr, Douglas] need
not repeat his former apology for their continua-
tion, made when he was in doubt as to the vio-
lence connected with their origin. He need not
tell the country " that, under these laws, con-
tracts had been made, marriages contracted and
solemnized, births registered, and estates distrib-
uted;" that he would not vitiate all these by the
repeal of these laws, and thus produce anarchy
and confusion with legal adultery and bastardy;
; for, when uninfluenced by the heat of debate, and
free from party zeal, he will not pretend for a mo-
ment that contracts made under a valid law can
be vitiated by its repeal; and if these laws were
like the Lecompton constitution, void from the
beginning, the sooner they are swept from the
statute-hooks the better: for. in that case no legal
right could accrue under them. Hence I entreat
Senators not to spend their precious time in clip-
ping the leaves of this upas which is poisoning the
whole atmosphere with its malaria; but to heave
it out by the roots, and cast it body and branches
into the furnace; for the Lecompton constitution
( annot be repudiated on any principle not equally
applicable to the entire Kansas code. If Con-
gress can intervene now, it could and ought to
have intervened then; and thus return to the doc-
trine of the fathers of the Republic—that it is tho
duly of Congress, as the representative of the
whole country, to guard and protect, by legal en-
actments, the rights of the people of the United
States residing m the Territories.
I agree with the Senator from Illinois and the
northern Democracy, that this constitution should
be repudiated by Congress; but I regret that this
is not asked on the true ground—'he constitu-
tional duty of Congress to make nil needful rules
and regulations for the Territories; because it
places the northern Democracy in an attitude of
humiliation. The whole burden of their com-
plaint against the Presidentand his southern sup-
porters, is the refusal to submit the Lecompton
constitution to a vote of the people. Had this
been done, we are told that the Democracy, North
and South, would have been a unit. And the Pres-
ident if;admonished,in threateninglam?uage, that
if the harmony of the party is to be destroyed by
a refusal to carry out his own instructions and
the pledges of the leaders of tho party, let the re-
sponsibility be on his own head.
But what is the extent of the boon attempted to
be wrested from the unwilling hand ot the Presi-
dent, for the people of Kansas, by tho northern
Democracy? Jl negative right unlij ! The right
to withhold their assent from constitutions and
laws ! The naked right of denial I At the polls
the people can do nothing more. They cannot
there deliberate, modify, and mature measures of
policy.
it is not a bold and manly contest like that of
the Commoners of England with the Crown for
constitutional liberty;'but it is a contest with
the President and his supporters for the power to
veto laws enacted by usurpers and tyiants. By
their arguments we are cauied back thousands of
years in the history of free Governments, to the
period when the plebeian orders were engaged in
a similar contest with those of senatorial rank, in
imperial Rome. In that contest the plebeians did
indeed achieveagreattriumph when theyacquired
the right, in the person of their tribunes, to sit
at the feet of Senators, and write "veto" on
Roman laws. This was certainly one step to-
wards their emancipation. But does this, in the
opinion of the northern Democracy, fill the whole
measure of the liberty of American freemen? to
choose between the law proposed, and no law 7
to decide between the constitution submitted and
*to constitution ? I had supposed that in this coun-
try the people possessed the right, in the persons
of their representatives, to march boldly into the
" Senate Chamber" itself, and there take seats
side by side with the Ciceros and Cocsais of that
assembly; that they had the right not only to
object to the passage of a bad law, but had the
