185 a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
band; and being thus-rightfully on board, she
could look to see if any of her subjects were there,
and impress them as seamen.
The report distinctly asserts that there is no
right of visitation in peace for any purpose or
under any pretext; and that, I believe, the spirit
of this nation will make good for the protection
of our commerce and for the honor of our flag—
should the occasion foriteverunfortunately arise.
I do not know that we can look, to satisfy the
public mind, to better sources of information upon
what is admitted as the law of nations, than into
the decisions, upon such questions, properly pre-,
sented, by the most eminent jurists of this coun-
try and of England I will read, very briefly, from
the opinion of the Supreme Court upon this ques-
tion, in a case directly before it, and decided in
1826. The opinion was delivered by the late
Judge Story. It is the case of the Marianna Flora,
reported in 11th Wheaton. He says:
" In considering these points, it is necessary to ascertain
what ate the lights and duties of armed and other ships,
navigating the occan in time of peace."
This was the case of the capture of an armed
ship belonging to the Portuguese, by an armed
ship of the United States, under circumstances
which will be stated:
<e It is admitted that the right of visitation and search does
not, under such rnicuni^tances, belong to the public ship3
of any nation. This light is stiictiy a belligerent right, al-
lowed by the general consent of nations m tune of vvai, and
limited to tho?coccasions. Jt is true that it has been held
in the courts of tins country that Ameitcan ships, offending
against our laws, and foreign ships, in like manner offend-
ing within our juiifdiction, may, afteiward:-, be pui&ued
and seized on the ocean, and rightfully brought mm our
ports for adjudication. This, however, has never been sup-
posed to draw after it any right of visitation oi search. The
party, in such ease, seizes at hispciil. It he establishes
the toiltuture, he justified ; if he far!-, he must make full I
compensation in damages." J
That is where an armed ship, under authority I
of law, pursues a vessel of our own country for j
breach of the laws of the country, or pursues a ,
foreign ship leaving our ports which has commit- j
ted a like brcach: j
" Upon the ocean, then, in time of peace, all possess an [
entire equality. U is the common highway of all, appro- j
priated to the use ol all; and no one can \ indicate to him- j
self a superior or exclusive pierogative ivierc. Kvery idiip ;
sails there with the unquestionable light of putsuing her 1
own lawful business without interiuption ; but whatever
may be that business, she is bound to pui&uo )t in such a
manner as not to violate the rights ol otheis. The gonetal
maxim in such cases is, sic utere tuo, ut non ahenum
ladcis."
Again:
" Every vessel undoubtedly has a light to the use of so
much of the ocean a-> she ccupu s, and a*- essential to
her own movement*. Beyond thi<. no exclusive right has
ever yet been leeoirrnzed, and we see no icasou foi admit-
ting its existence. Merchant ships are in the constant habit
ot approaching each uthui on the ocean, either to telieve
their own di^tiess, to procure information, or to ascertain
the character of st) angers \ and. hitherto, there has never
been supposed m such conduct any hi each ofthe cusiomaiy
obM'i trances, or ofthe stuctcst principles of the taw of na-
tions. h\ respect to ships of war sailing, as in the present
case, under the authority of their Governments, to airest
pirates and other public ofFendeis. there ^ no reason why
thev may not appioach any ve M->ls desened at sea, for the
purpose of ascertaining their leal ciiaiacters. Such a light
seems indispensable for the fair and discreet exercise of
their authority; and the u=«e of it cannot be justly doomed
indicative of any design to insult or injure those they ap-
proach, or to impede them in their lawful commcrce. On
the other hand, it is as clear that no ship is, undci nuch cir-
cumstanecs. bound to lie by, or wait the approach ol any
other shin. Slip is at full liheity to pursue her voyage m her
own wav, and to use all necessary piecauuon to avoid .my
suspected sinister entcipu&e oi hostile attack, teho lias a
mlit to consult her own safety ; but, at the same tune, she
rmiot take caie not to violate the lights of others, fche may
use any precautions dictated by the piuilenoeoi fears of her
officer . either as to rlelay, or the piogiess 01 course ot her
vova«o; but the is not at hbeity to inflict injuries upon
othei innocent parties, feirnply because of conjectural dan-
gers These pimciplcs. s-eum to ua the natmnl result of the
common dime, and lights of nations navigating the ocean
in time of peace."
There is a distinct disclaimer on the part of
anv public ship, in time of peace, to do more than
approach and reconnoiter. There is a distinct
denial of therishtof an armed ship of any nation
to interrupt, far less to board or to visit for any
purnose, a ship of another nation under its flag
on the high seas, in time of peace, and with the
distinct declaration that the ship pursued or in-
tended to be visited is not bound to He by or to
wait, which, I suppose, would exclude any idea
of the right of visitation.
I will read a few extracts more from the decis-
ion of a very eminent English admiralty jurist, Sir
William Scott, (Lord Stowell,) in the case of the
Le Louis, which I have also referred to in the
report. This was a case of the visitation and
search of a French ship, supposed to be engaged
in the slave trade, in 1817, by a British armed
vessel, sought to be justified under an act of the
British Parliament, passed in the reign of George
ill.; and the judge, in speaking of the authority,
declared, in terms which distinguished the legal
and discriminating mind of that great jurist, that
no British statute, intended to affect the rights of
other nations, or the citizens or subjects of other
nations, had any validity on the high seas, if it
was in contravention of the public law; and upon
this question of visitation he says:
" Upon the first question, whether the right of search ex-
ists in time of peace, [ have to observe that two principles
of public law are generally recognized as fundamental. One
is the perfect equality and entire independence of all distinct
States. Relative magnitude creates no distinction of right;
relative imbecility, whether permanent or casual, gives no
additional right to the more powerful neighbor; and any ad-
vantage seized upon that ground is lueie usurpation. This
is the great foundation of public law, which it mainly con-
cerns the peace of mankind, both in their politic and private
capacities, to piepcrve inviolate. The second is, that all na-
tions being equal, all have an equal right to tile linnitei-
rit|)ted use of Lhe unappropriated parts of the ocean for their
navigation. In places where no local authority exists, where
the subjects of all States meet upon a footing of entire equal-
ity and independence, 110 one State, or any of its .subjects,
has a right to assume or exercise authority over the subjects
of another. I can find no authority that gives the light of
interiuption to the navigation of Statps in amity upon the
high seas, excepting that winch the rights of war give to
botli belligerents against neutrals."
Again:
" But at piesent, under the law, as now generally undcr-
| stood and practiced, no nation can exercise a lightof visit-
ation and seal eh upon the common and unappiopnated
pans of the sea, save only on the belligerent chum. If it
be a-ked why the light of se.ueh does not can m time of
peace as weil as m war, the answer is piunipt. tb.it it lias
not the same foundation on which alone it is tolerated in
war—the necessities ot self-defense. They inttoduced it
; mwai, and practice has established it. No such necessi-
ties have inttoduced it m tunc of peace, anil 110 bucli prac-
tice has established it."
I I will say nothing more on the question of law.
1 The public mind of the country, and, T doubt not,
j the mind of both Houses of Congress, is satisfied
I on that. Then as to the policy of the resolutions,
!; they tndicate nothing more than that the time has
'I arrived, most unfortunately impressed on us by
the late occurrences in the Gulf of Mexico, of a ^
i1 very peculiar and remarkable character. I say it j
j1 is most impressively fixed on our mind that the !
j1 time has arrived when tins question must be set- j
I' tied, and settled forever. I trust it may be done ;
!, through the intervention of the executive power,
in the correspondence which is pending between
! the two countries. There is every reason why it
! should be, and none why it should not be. But
even if it did not lead to war, the constant state
of irritation, angry feeling, and disposition to re-
criminate or make reprisals, would necessarily
brin** the two countries into collision in some
way. Whether that occurred or not, X say again,
the character of the offenses that have been com-
mitted are such as would so effectually arouse the
most indignant feeling of the American people,
, that with every restraining power that Congress j
! mightexercise, it would be impossible to keep the j
S two countries from getting into a collision on the [
\ sea on account of these acts. ,
j At the time the report was made, the number j
I of cases that had occurred were comparatively ;
| few. Every arrival from those seas brings to us
j instances of new aggressions, and some of them
; committed—and they are alluded to in the report,
| as is there stated — almost, if not actually in
! sight of the American coast. One was the case
■ of a coasting vessel, owned, I think, in New
! York, a regular trader, bound on a domestic voy-
: age from Mobile to New York, with a cargo of
; cotton, and she was fired into and actually struck,
I until she lay to and enabled the visiting officer to
j; come on board. Another,equally strong, was the
ji case of an American vessel returning home from
]l a distant voyage to some port m Europe, which,
Ij between the Florida capes and the Island of Cuba,
|l was in like manner fired into and arrested upon
h her homeward voyage, almost in sight of land. 1
i' know it will be impossible to avoid a collision,
j anil a collision that must result in the abandon-
! mcnt of this right on the part of the American
people, or in making it good, unless the question
! be now settled, and definitively settled, between
1 the two countries.
Mr. MALLORY. I send an amendment to the
Chair, which I ask to be read, as a substitute for
the second resolution.
The.Secretary read the amendment, which is to
strike out all after the word "resolved," in the
second resolution, and insert:
That the recent proceedings of British naval officers in
the Gulf of Mexico, upon the high seas, in forcibly arresting
and exaininingvessels of the United States, owned and nav-
igated by American citizens, engaged m lawful trade, are
without justification or palliation, m derogation ofthe cher-
ished rights of the American people, which they can neither
surrender nor suffer to be infringed with honor; and that
the President of the United States be authorized to adopt
immediate measures to arrest at once a continuance of such
indignities.
Mr. MALLORY. I am rejoiced-to see the re-
port of the Committee on Foreign Relations, but,
with due respect to the committee, I should like
to see the resolutions amended somewhat in this
way: so as to be a little more vigorous in their char-
acter. The time has arrived, in my judgment,
for some action. If we have correct accounts,
already twenty-seven of our vessels, owned and
navigated by American citizens, engaged in law-
ful trade, have been fired upon, forcibly arrested,
illegally detained, and searched by British cruisers,
by naval officers, performing the duty of special
constables upon the deep; and if we are to be-
lieve the accounts we receive from some of those
whose vessels have thus been taken from their
custody, and, for a time atleast, held under British
power, they have inflicted this national outrage,
which is destitute-of justification or palliation,
with less personal civility than has distinguished
many of Britain's fabled highway robbers orroad-
side thieves.
I say, sir, these proceedings are without justi-
fication or palliation, anil I hope the Senate will
so declare, for I know that there can be no man
in this high fovum who will not at once plant his
heel upon the paltry pretext that they are the ap-
propriate means of verifying our flag.
Jf this authority over our flag upon the sea,
were sought to be enforced now for the first time,
it could not fail to arouse our indignant resistance;
butenforced as it isagamst the common sentiment
of civilized States, against the stern remonstrances
and known convictions and policy of this coun-
try, and enforced, too, near our own shore within
a sea peculiarly American, in which our com-
merce exceeds that of the united world, it does
seem to me, sir, that we should meet and crush it
with something more potent than a diplomatic ex-
pression of the earnest desire of the Executive.
Sir, if the onward march of this great Repub-
lic is to be stayed to find arguments to meet this
insolent aggression, we can find none more just
or potent than those furnished by the judicial
tribunals of the aggressor herself. The language
of Lord Stowell, as bright a luminary of civil ju-
risprudence as England ever had, may as appro-
priately be addressed to the British Ministry to-
day, with reference to these searches, as it was to
the British captors of the French ship Le Louis,
to which the i-eport before us refeis. But the
strongest points in the case of the Le Louis, de-
cided by Lord Stowell, (previously Sir William
Scott,) have not been read by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. He laid down,
in 1817, unequivocally—and the British courts
were slow m coming to this conclusion—that this
pretended right of visitation, which is nothing
more than the right of search in its broadest sense,
cannot be exercised in time of peace; that it is a
belligerent right alone, incompatible with peace-
ful measures.
Let me read his very words:
" Upon the first question, whether the right of search ex-
ists in time ofpcace. I have to observe, that two principles
of public law aie generally lecogmzed asfundamental. One
is lhe peifect equality and entire independence of all di&-
titict State.*. Relative magnitude creates no distinction oi
ri"ht; relative imhecihfv, whether permanent or-casual,
gives no additional light to themoie powerful neighbor; and
nnv advantage seized upon that ground is mere usurpation
Tliis- is the tcieat foundation of public law, which it mainly
concerns the peace of mankind, both 111 their pohuc and pri-
vate capacities, to preset ve inviolate. I he second i*. that
all nation? hems equal, all have an equal right to the unm-
teirupted use of the unappiopriated parts o! the ocean for
then navigation. In places where no local authority exists,
where the Milnoots of all Stated meet upon a tooting ot en-
tue edirihtv nut independence, no one ?Hate, or any of its
suhieet= has a n«litto assume, or excrewe authority over
the subjects ot anothel. I can fiuil no authonty that gives
the u«ht of interruption to the navigation ot States in amity
upon the high i-eas, excepting that which the rights ol war
give to both'belligerents against neutials."—The Le Louis,
a Doiion's Mmiralty Rejiorts, page S43.
