384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
right boldly to step forward and make their own
Jaws. Yet the whole northern Democracy, led by
the honorable Senator from Illinois, the honorable
Senator from Michigan, and others, stand here
begging the President arid Congress to allow the
people of Kansas to veto a constitution dictated
to her—not the right by their legally constituted
delegates, fairly elected, to make a constitution.
Here, then, the Democracy and the Repub-
licans differ. if you have clothed the people of
Kansas with power to make ali proper laws on
all needful subjects of legislation, I for one claim
that they shall have the right to make them—not
a naked right to veto laws dictated by another
body; that they shall not be reduced to the naked
and narrow privilege of accepting a constitution
proposed by dictation;ofaccepting laws proposed
by an illegal body; of accepting officers nomin-
ated by those without the power to nominate. I
claim for them all the rights of American citizens,
which include the right both to make their laws
and to elect their rulers.
But even this pitiful privilege of opposing a law
after it had been dictated for their acceptance is
denied the people of Kansas on this floor, and is
denied them in the Pcesident'smessage; he, as we
must all believe, having a full knowledge of all
the facts, to which I have attempted to direct the
attention of the Senate. Theyare to be denied that
privilege, as I shall now claim, because it comcs
in direct conflict with the real meaning and ori-
ginal intent of the Kansas bill; that true mean-
ing and intent being, when correctly understood,
to compel the people of Kansas, by strategy or
by force, to submit to the organization of a slave
State; and to that particular feature of the case I
ask leave to direct the attention of the Senate and
country.
That it was the original design of the southern
Democracy to organize a slave State in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas is clear to my mind, from the
facts to which I shall now allude. The first is
the organization of two territorial governments
by the same act of Congress, and that in the ab-
sence of a population requiring it, For it was
stated only a few days since, by the honorable
gentleman from Illinois, m his great speech on
tins subject, that at the time of the passage of
this bill (here were not one hundred American
citizens within the limits of both the Territories
ofNebraskaand Kansas. Then I inquire whence
the necessity for the organization of two territo-
rial governments by the same act of Congress?
This never had happened previously in the legis-
lative history of this country. No Senator can
point me to a precedent. These two govern-
ments within the same territory were organized
at a time when, in the opinion of the honoiable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] and the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
there was no necessity fur one, with the enormous
additional expense ofuboutone hundred thousand
dollars annually. These Territories are not sepa-
rated from each other by a range of mountains, not
by an impassable desert, not by a morass, not by a
lake or by a river, not even by a range of hills. The
division of these two Territories was first drawn
by your astronomer on the heavens, by the posi-
tion of the stars, and dropped down on the bosom
of that beautiful prairie country. Why was this?
Cuu it be explained on any other hypothesis than
a design to favor the organization of a govern-
ment adapted to the wishes of the people of one
part of this Confederacy? This inference is
strengthened by the position of that line, south of
a projection of the northern line of the State of
Missouri, rendering it improbable, as it was then
believed, that emigrants would find their way
south of that line. This inference is strength-
ened also by the language of a letter which I ask
the Secretary to read, addressed by the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to the editor
of The South.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" At the tune the law passed oiganizing the terutoriii! gov-
ernment, there were few with wnom I conversed who did
not believe that the future State would fake its place with
those recognizing and cherishing the condition of African
Blavyiy. There was at that time ceitamly eveiy reason to
believe why tins should he r-o, and none why it should not.
The State of Missouri, boiderin<{ its eastern frontier, was a
slaveholding State, holding at that time nearly a bundled
thousand slaves, and these weie ehiufly held in border
counties.
" The State of Arkansas, adjacent to the Territory on the j
eoutbf was likewise a slaveholding State, The soil and ;
climate of Kansas were well adapted to those valuable pro-
ducts, chiefly hemp and tobacco, which gave value to slave
labor in Missouri. The proximity of its population, with
the attractions of new, fertile, and cheap land, T believed
would lead the slaveholders in Missouri to diffuse them-
selves speedily over Kansas, and the prohibitory line of 36°
30' being obliterated, there was no reason why they should
not. I had no fear of fair competition in such appropria-
tion of the new Tenitory, from any quarter. Unfair com-
petition I did not look to.
" What may yet be the result as to the condition of Kan-
sas, notwithstanding the extraordinary and unscrupulous
efforts of northern Abolitionists to force a population theie,
I cannot undertake to say. Noi will I allude in this place
to the new and unexpected aspect, now exhibited, of affairs
in that Territory, with so much propnety reprehended m the
columns of the South. Whatever may be the infoiniation
of others, I certainly am not sufficiently infoimcd of the ex-
isting state of things in Kansas, to form a clear opinion one
way or the other; yet I will venture to say this much,that
if African slavery be ultimately excluded from Kansas, it
will be effected by the numerical force of organized major-
ities, operating against the usual laws which govern emigra-
tion ; and will present a new and most instructive lesson
to the southern States."
Mr. HARLAN. "We learn, Mr. President,
from the letter of the honorable Senator, what
were the expectations of the Democratic party in
the passage of this bill: that following the natural
laws of emigration, the people of the free States
would flow down from New England, New York,
and the northwestern States, and settle in Nebras-
ka, and that perchance that might become a free
State; but that emigration from Delaware, Mary-
land, North Carolina, Virginia, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, and Missouri, would flow through"the lat-
ter State and up the Missouri river and occupy the
Territory of Kansas, and thus control its political
institutions. This explains the anomalous organ-
ization of two territorial governments with their
peculiar boundaries at the same time in advance
of a population requiring it. This also explains
the subsequent acts of the President of the United
States, and the inaction of Congress, when that
Territory was invaded and overpowered by armed
bands of men from the southern States. This
explains the persistence of the President and his
supporters in maintaining in power these usurpers
—the sanction and enforcement of its pretended
laws, and the arrest and punishment of many of
its best and most patriotic citizens, under a charge
of constructive treason.
This explains the appointment to office of the
worst men that ever disgraced its soil; and the
removal from office of its Governors, whenever
they manifested a disposition to show the free-
State men even-handed justice. Thus, the first
Governor, and the second Governor, and the third
Governor, fell by the executive guillotine! As
soon as it was understood that Governor Walker,
whose official conduct has been criticised here and
in the executive mansion, had pledged himself to
the people of that Territory that they should be
permitted to enjoy the naked right of objecting to
a constitution framed by a body of men whom he
has since declared to have been illegally chosen,
in violation of every principle of justice, for prom-
ising to exert the utmost of his influence to secure
them at least a hearing at the polls, he was de-
nounced by the Democracy of no less than two
of the sovereign States of this Union. When it
was known that he had rejected a copy*of a Cin-
cinnati Directory, returned as a poll-hook from
one of the precincts of Johnson county, it was
well understood all over the country that his doom
was sealed; because the rejection of that pretended
return gave the free-State men a majority of the
members of the Legislature. Can any one account
for the mysterious removal of Secretary Stanton
on any other ground? Senatois here will not re-
quire me to state the reasons assigned on this floor
for that removal. Removed for what? What has
he doner Does the country at large know why
he was removed? There wns a reason; and it is
known to Senators here, and none others.
Whenever the officials of that Territory have
been disposed to show even-handed justice to the
free-State men it has uniformly occasioned their
official death, without one solitary exception.
This can be accounted for only by the admission
that it was the original design and intention to
organize a slave State in that Territory; to secure
it through what is denominated the natural laws
of emigration, if it could be thus effected, and if
not, then by strategy, and if not in this'way, then
by open force, to be used by the President in the
appointments of the Army.* Hence it is that the
people of that Territoiy have been deprived of the
right of votingj of exercising this mere negative
power of refusing their assent to the Lecomptop
constitution. And, although the northern Democ-
racy are now on their knees begging the privilege
for their brethren in Kansas to vote for or against
their fundamental laws, they are destined to ex-
perience the deep humiliation of a denial.
But this is not the end of the humiliation the
northern Democracy are destined to suffer—and
that right speedily—at the hand of their southern
allies. They will be required to yield their inter-
pretation of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, in its whole
length and breadth.
The Democracy of the North claim it to be the
true intent and meaning of the Kansas bill that the
people of the Territories may either exclude or
establish slavery at their own discretion. Not so
with the Democracy of the South. They claim
that the title to slave property must be placed on
the same footing with the title to every other spe-
cies of property. They claim it to have been thus
dccided by the judges of the Supreme Court in the
Dred Scott case; in which Justice Daniels says:
"That the only private property which the Constitution
has specifically iecoznized, and has imposed it as a duect
obligation, both on the States and the Fedeial Government,
to [jioteet and enfoice, k the piopeity of the master in his
slave; no other right of pioperty is placed by the Constitu-
tion upon the same high grounds, nor shielded by a similar
guarantee."
They do not admit that the people of the Ter-
ritory can at any time vote slavery from its limits,
either preceding or at the time of the formation of
a State constitution. They claim that the title to
slave property is like the title to ail other prop-
erty—that fortius the same footiug shall be yield-
ed that free-State men claim for their property.
Again, they claim that it is a violation of their
constitutional right not to allow them an equal
enjoyment of the public domain, purchased with
the common blood and treasure of the nation.
Grant the latter proposition, and slavery will be
carried by it into Iowa as readily as into the Ter-
ritories. By this assumption, you carry slavery
into Illinois, you carry it into Minnesota, you
carry it into Wisconsin, you take it into every
State of this Union in which there is one foot of
the public domain. The principle will hold good
for an aero that will hold good for fifty million of
acres. Hence if it is a violation of the constitu-
tional rights of our southern brethren to deny
them the privilege of going with their slaves into
the Territories, it is an equal violation of their
rights to exclude their property from the States
in which may be found public domain which has
been piocured by the use of the common blood
and treasure of the nation. If the reason is good
for a Territory it is good for a State.
But again, concede the truth of the second prop-
osition, and slave property may be carried into
all the remaining States of the Union with im-
punity. What then is the nature of the title by
which other private property is held ?
In this country it is held to be an original right.
It is not created by legislative enactments. It is
a right that necessarily attaches to our humanity.
It has its foundation, we are told by legal casu-
ists, in an intrinsic faculty of the mind, sometimes
denominated the possessory principle, or the uni-
versal desire to acquire and possess, which is
manifested in childhood, in youth, in mature man-
hood, and old age; among the savage, the civil-
ized, and the enlightened; among heathens and
Christians; in every country and every age of the
world. Its gratification is admitted, by the com-
mon sense of mankind, to be innocent and laud-
able. Hence the provision in the constitutions of
all the States of this Union, and of the United
States itself, for the protection of the inviolability
of contracts, by which property is acquired and
held, and against its subversion even for the pub-
he use without just compensation. These pro-
visions are usually found in the bill of rights, and
are simply declaratory. They do not assume to
originate the right to the enjoyment of private
property, but declare it as an original principle
existing anterior to the enactment of laws and the
establishment of constitutional forms of govern-
ment. And it was an alleged violation of this
right to private property that originated our strug-
gle for independence; it was for its protection that
the revolutionary war was fought. The phrase-
ology of the times was, " that taxation and rep-
resentation were inseparable;" that is, that pri-
vate property should not be taken from the citizen
without his consent.
