THE (jONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASjEnJOTONTDTa
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 185c
New Series....No.25.
If this be the admitted law of title to private
property, then my titic to my horse cannot be
vitiated by the votes of my neighbors and coun-
trymen. "It cannot be changed by majorities. 'If
their necessities are sufficient to justify the vio-
lence, on the principle of the right of self-preser-
vation, they may take him by coercion; not by
any right, but from ncccssity; and ill that case,
must return a just compensation.
This principle is clearly announced in the Le-
corapton constitution. It is declared in that in-
strument that—
" The right of property is before and higher than any con-
stitutional sanction; and thcriiihtof the owner of a slave
to sueh f-lave and its increase, is the same, ami as invio-
lable, as the light of the owner of any property whatever."
Is that assented to by statesmen from the south-
ern States, or do they deny it? The argument is
rung in ourears day by day, not onlyon the floor
ofCongrcss,but by the newspaper press through-
. out the South, that the title to slave property is
like the title to all other property—that it is supe-
rior to constitutions and laws; because, as they
would lead us to believe, it has its foundation in
a constitutional principle—not in a constitutional
enactment—because it has its foundation in a
principle of the human mind itself.
Hence, if the right to propertyin slaves is placed
on the same basis with the title to other property,
it cannot be vitiated by votes or by legislation. In
that case, slavery is not a question of mere indif-
ferency, to be determined by accidental major-
ities, like different systems of common schools,
revenue laws, or banking. The right becomes
original, elementary, and inviolable.
If this be true, as claimed by the southern De- i
mocracy , by what authority do you discriminate
against it in the Kansas-Nebraska bill} Whence
your authority for saying that it is the true in-
tent of this bill neither to legislate slavery into the
Territory, or to exclude it therefrom, but to leave
the people perfectly free to do this or that? You
do not thus provide in relation to any other kind
of property; then why do you assert the right
of the people to confiscate or annihilate title to
property in slaves, and thus destroy the equality
of the States by discriminating against the prop-
erty of the South? If the law of title to slave
property, as claimed by southern statesmen, is
correct, then the alleged principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska.bill are wrong, and its discrimination
unjust. If slavery is right, all the votes of all the
squatter sovereigns on earth cannot make it
wrong; and if wrong, they can never make it
right.. |
This principle of the inviolability of private j
property has been recognized by the philosopher '
and the historian, as well as by your conatitu- '
' tional law-makers in every State of this Union,
as well as by your revolutionary fathers in the
commencement of the struggle for independence;
and on which, in fact, the revolutionary war was
fought to a successful conclusion. The right of
private property attaches to man; itis part of his
mind; it is involved in the idea of his personal
manhood; it is recognized as a principle that may
be protected by laws and constitutions, and which
cannot be annihilated by cither. If this be true,
and the title to slave property must be placed on
the same footing with the title to every other spe-
cies of property, then that title becomes sacred
and inviolable everywhere; not only in the slave
States, but in the Territories, and in every State
of this Union. Admit the truth of the premises
and the conclusion is irresistible. If it be true
that the title to private property cannot be vio-
lated without an act of tyranny practiced by the
Government on its people, and that the title to
slave property must be placed and maintained on
the same basis, then it becomes inviolable, and
can be maintained everywhere. This doctrine of
the northern Democracy (for they seem to have
acceded to it in this discussion) carries slavery
with it everywhere with the approval of that party,
north and south, and with the dissent only of the
Republicans of this country, so far as they seem
willing to give expression to an opinion. Here,
" 25
then, the northern Democracy and the Republi-
cans of this country differ as widely as the poles.
The Republicans maintain that there can be no
such thing as property held or enjoyed by a human
being so as to vitiate or annihilate the rights of per-
sons,and that the rights of property are valid only
so far as they can be held and enjoyed consistently
with theenjoymcnt of the rights of person. Hence
they come to the conclusion that no vote, cither by
large or small communities, can make slavery
right or wrong. If slavery is in itself wrong; if
the title be a bad title, no number of votes can ever
make it good, because its rightfulness or wrong-
fulness depends oil an original principle, a con-
stitutional right, which cannot be thus created or
thus annihilated. It thus occupies the same basis
side by side with the right of life. Who pre-
tends that if one man sacrifices, without cause,
the life of another, and ail his neighbors, by their
vtftes, approve the act, it wil1 change the legal
character of the murder? It only makes the par-
ticipants parties to the crime. If they lend their
assent in advance, they are particeps criminis in
advance. If they lend their sanction after its com-
mission, they are parties to the crime after the act.
If slavery is right, no people have a right to an-
nihilate it by a vote; if it is wrong, it cannot be
made right by a vote. Such an assumption was
turned into ridicule three thousand years ago by
the Greek general, who, when told oy his coun-
trymen that they had just had an election, at
which they had created ten generals, responded:
" why did not the people at the same time vote
their donkeys into horses, and enrich the State?"
It involves an absurdity on its very face.
I maybe inquired of here whether I admit that
there can be such a thing as property in a slave,
in a slave State ? I answer that it may be asserted
and maintained, but not by virtue of any consti-
tutional right, or of any provision within the
Constitution of the United States. The majority
have the physical power to subject the minority
to their control. The stronger race have the phys-
ical power to reduce the weaker to subjugation,
and they may be organized and existing as a po-
litical sovereignty, so that no one outside of that
organization can have a right to interfere, and no
one within its limits have the power to make a
successful resistance. Slavery exists in the slave
States by virtue of the law of force, set up and
maintained by majorities over minorities, by the
dominant race over the weaker, in violation of the
rights of person of the weaker race. I dissent,
to some extent, from the casual statement made
by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
I-iaix,] that there is even aqualified right of prop-
erty in man.
You may have a ri^litto his labor. The labor
of men may be bought and sold, hence it may be
the rightful subject of pioperty. 1 may right-
fully buy the lawyer's learning, the physician's
skill, thy soldier's courage, the author's genius,
the laborer's strength of muscle. I may buy even
the wisdom of your statesmen, but it can be held
and enjoyed only in harmony with the personal
rights of each. Whatever I may buy and hold
consistent with the enjoyment of personal rights
on the part of the person who sells his labor, is
the fit and legal subject of property, and nothing
more. The Constitution nowhere recognizes prop-
erty in man, but everywhere alludes to the African
as a person. In the first article you will find the
following provision:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among tne several States which may be included within this
Union, according to their respective nuinbeis. which shall
be determined by adding to the whole number of free per-
sons, including those bound to seivice lor a term of years,
and including Indian-, not taxed, three fifths of all other per-
kon-*."
Here Africans are claimed to be persons. They
are claimed even by the authority of the slave-
holding States to be persons, for they have repre-
sentation in the other branch of Congress, based
alone on their character as persons. The next
provision alluding to this subject is:
"No person held toseivice or labor in one State, under
the laws thereor, e.-enpmg into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up, on claim of
the paity to whom such service or labor may b« due."
To" whom the labor may be due; that is, to whom
it may be owing; for whom, by a director implied
contract, the individual has agreed to perform la-
bor, This class of people are alluded to only a,s
persons capable of making contracts for labor, and
from whom labor may be due, from whom it may
be owing on contract, either express or implied.
The only other clause in the Constitution alluding
to this class of people, is found in the ninth sec-
tion of the same article;
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing, shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808,
hut a tax 01 duty may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding tin ilollais for each"—
What? Each individual piece of property?
No; for " each person." Then this class of peo-
ple, thus held to service in the States tolerating
slavery, is alluded to by the Constitution in each
and every provision as persons, and not as prop-
erty; and thus harmonizes completely and-fully
with the view of the case I have endeavofed to
present. If they are persons and not simply prop-
erty, in such a sense as to violate their rights of
persons, then to reduce them to the condition of
property is a violation of a principle as old and
os sacred as the right to property itself. A man's
right to the use of himself, to the use of his own
will and his own body and his own intellect and his
own consciencc and his own moral emotions, is as
old as the right to property, and by the common
consent to mankind even more sacred, because
wherever these two come in necessary conflict,
the right to property must give way before the
right of person.
Hut the most alarming feature of this claim is
that the law of forcc set up in some of the States
of the Union, over which subject the Congress of
the United States has no control, thus becomes
the law of the land. Yes, if the people within hut
one State of the Union set up and maintain the
law of the stronger, and under it claim the right
to hold in subjugation the weaker race, or the mi-
nority, it is claimed here that that law of power,
without foundation either in the principles or the
language of the Constitution, instantly becomes
the law of the whole country, or at least the law
of the whole country outside of the organized
States, if every State of the Union on that prin-
ciple were to abolish slavery, with the exception
of the small State of Florida alone, with a popu-
lation, I believe, of less than two hundred thou-
sand, and the strong race there should ieduce their
brethren of the weaker race to the condition of
property, the very moment they overturned this
constitutional principle within their limits, it is
overturned wherever the flag of this Union floats;
because the law of force, the law of power, by
which Napoleon carries on his Government; the
law of power, by which tyrants always rule; has
been set up in a Republic and enforced by the
strong hand of a majority—of the hand of the
dominant race; though but one State of this Union,
it thence necessarily becomes the law of the coun-
try, the law of the United States within all her
territories, to the exclusion of the use of the very
same law by the people of these respective locali-
ties. Why it is claimed now that the law of force
cannot bo used in Kansas against slavery. It
can be set up in Kansas by being used-and es-
tablished in Florida, or in Maryland, or in Vir-
ginia, or in any State of this Union two thousand
miles away; but the law of force within the limits
of the Territory itself cannot be set^ up, it is
claimed, without a violation of the principles of
the Constitution. The law of force has become
the law of the land; it attaches to all your soil; it
goes everywhere. Wherever the stars and stripes
of your flag are seen, there the law of force is
seen, because some one State of this Union has
set it up and maintains it.
Itis to this humiliating position that the north-
ern Democracy are now required to bow. They
arc not only required to stand on their knees and
beg the President ftu the pmiloge of casting it
