388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
negative ,yo_te in rejati'csji to "the constitution of a
new State,, but tKeyare required to submit to the
law of force >in all the Territories of this Union.
And, indeed, if that law of power is set up and
maintained in anyone State of this Union, by ar)
irresistible deduction, it may go into all the States;
if it be property, as such, by virtue of constitu-
tional principles anywhere, it is property every-
where, and may be maintained everywhere.
Here, then, is the difference between the fr.ee-
taen of the North and our brethren of the South.
'There may be a necessity pressing on them to con-
tinue the institutions under which they have lived
to maintain their rule overthe inferior race. That
"necessity, however, does not exist in Kansas;
it does not exist in any of the Territories of this
•Union. If with them the law of force must be
maintained in consequence of the law of necessity
growing out of the circumstances by which they
are surrounded, it ough t not to be claimed by them
Jhat -we are compelled to receive and sustain the
sajatie law when we are not pressed by the same
necessity. There is no necessity for the freemen
of the North to hold men, women, and children
as property. They have been able, thus far, to
•manage all their domestic affairs without buying
and selling their people. If that necessity exists
within the limits of one of the States of this Union,
•let the people thereof be the judge; let them con-
trol its destiny; but where that necessity does not
exist; we maintain that the law of force shall not
be set up and maintained.
This brings me to the final point to which I
shall allude in this discussion. I allude to the
circumstances by which I am now surrounded.
I know that the views I have expressed are dis-
tasteful to a majority of the Senate. Their ex-
pression is listened to with reluctance when arising
out of questions fairly before the Senate, and made
the special order for a particular hour. An ad-
verse public opinion has been set up and main-
tained by our southern brethren—I will, though
with respect, give itutterance—a tyranny of public
opinion, so that not one of your officers hurt; in this
Chamber dare give utterance to an opinion in op-
position to the dominant party, without a sacrifice
of his station. Not one of them can do so in the
other Chamber. To give utterance to his opin-
ions, inborn in the soul and cultivated m the free
States of the North, where he has been reared,
would be the price of his position in either branch
of Congress. The same is true in every one of
the Executive Departments of the Government.
All the clerks and all the heads of Departments,
-from the lowest to the Secretary of Statu himself,
Jcnow that the price of giving utterance to the
opinions and sentiments of the northern people,
would be to sacrifice position.
This is not only true in Congress and the Ex-
ecutive Departments, but it is true in your public
buildings; it is true in your public gardens; it is
true m your aqueduct; it is true in your navy
yard; it is true everywhere within the limits of
this District. It is true, also, in relation to the
learned professions. Not a lawyer in your city
dare give utterance, although he entertain them as
candidly and honestly as I do, to the opinions I
have expressed, without the sacrifice of his pro-
fessional standing. No physician dare do so. If
a physician be called in to tic up the bleedinghead
of a wounded Senator, stricken down at his desk
for a free utterance of his opinions, he must in-
stantly become security in the criminal court for
the assailant, in order to preserve his professional
interest. It is true, also, in all tho walks of life.
Your shop-keepers, your merchants, your arti-
sans, your mechanics, all know that their success
in their calling hero depends on their silence or
their acquiescence in the views of the dominant
party here. There is no place m this capital, out-
side of this Chamber and the other House, where
a man can speak freely, and even here, at a ter-
rible peril; even here, at the possible sacrifice of
his health and his life. Why is this? Because all
these men know that title to slave property will
not bear analysis; will not bear the scrutiny of
enlightened reason; because they all know that it
will go down before the force of an enlightened
investigation; because they arc conscious of the
truths to which I have given utterance: that title
to slave property is set up and maintained, alone
by virtue of the law of force, by virtue of the law
of physical power, and can be maintained m no
other way. ,
1 had intended to refer to that feature of the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States
bearing on this subject, but I have already spoken
longer than I intended. Thanking Senators here
for their kindness in yielding me the attention 1
have enjoyed, I yield the floor.
Mr. POLK. I do not rise, Mr. President, for
the purpose of making a speech on this subject,
but for the purpose of making an explanation,
which, I think, is due to the demands of truth
and justice. The gentleman who has just ad-
dressed the Senate, and at least two or three gen-
tlemen who have spoken on this question, have
quoted passages from the letter of resignation of
Governor Walker, in regard to the manner in
which the Lecompton constitutional convention
was selected, with the view of giving the impres-
sion that that convention was elected by a minority
of the people of Kansas. In order to do this, they
referred to that passage of the letterwhich speaks
of nineteen counties out of thirty-four having not
had an opportunity of sending delegates to the
convention. One gentleman, the Senator from
New Hampshire, said that statement had gone
without challenge until the present time. Imme-
diately after that letter was written, and as soon
as it could travel to the West, there was a state-
ment made of tho facts in relation to these nine-
teen counties, and I have been surprised that that
statement has not been copied into any paper, as
far as I know, on the sea-board, except one. I
think it has been m the Washington Union. I
propose to read to the Senate that statement, so
that the gentlemen who have spoken on this sub-
ject, if they have labored under a wrong impres-
sion, may be set right, and especially so that the
country may be sot right, so far as this statement
will go. It was published in the Missouri Repub-
lican some weeks ago, and I have it in my hand.
It was made under the signature of li. Clay Pate,
and it has the concurrence of George W. Mc-
lvown, ex-member of the Lecompton convention,
Francis J. Marshall, Democratic candidate for
Governor, William G. Matthias, Democratic can-
didate for Lieutenant Governor, J. H. Danforth,
ex-member of the Lecompton convention, and
IJlake Little, ex-member of the Lecompton con-
venton. Three of the members of that conven-
tion signed the statement, extracts of which I will
proceed to read. It is dated the 4th of January,
1858.
•• A kiw '•vru pasyed takmj: tor it: the principles of
tlic eejclnatrd Toombs bill, which Senator Douglas, Gov-
ernot Walker's ally, helped to nmke, and for which ho
voted, It piovided lor the iegistry of all the legal voters of
the Territory by the tdieiitl ol each county and his depu-
ties. The probate pidgos wete returned to hold courts or
sessions m convenient pan;-, of the counties, and add to the
li-ts letutned by the sheriffs any names accidentally ot
wiongfully omitted. It nls-o prmided tli.it, in cases where
there was no probate judge, or he would not act, then the
sheriff should, and if thete was no officer at all to peifoim
tho duties specified, then the people might petition tho ftov-
etnor to appoint some one to caiiv out the law. The Cov-
entor «<iys that' fifteen counties were entirely disfranchised
' and hy 110 fault of their own.' Lot us see: fu Franklin
county, one of the - oldest oiganized,' E^qune Yocuni, pto-
batc pwige, was driven away by the Abolitionists, a* was
also itiehaid Coulding, sheiiif of said county; each of these
otlieials were threatened with death should they attempt to
pi'i foi in the duiK'ti confeired upon them by the icgistry law.
Under the same ciicumstanees, Genige Wilson, ptdge of I
piolute foi Anderson eountv, was psevented fioni exeeut
im; tho law. So with Alien county; J'a^moro William^ bad
to leave m outer to save his lite. J. J. liarker, piolmte jud«e
of Riockinrhlge, being a ftee SMte man, refused to art.
These four v. ere the onhj organized counties not,cjrcscnled
in the convention, Why not iepio<critods It was the faulr
ol those whonow complain ; and ' on their head^, and theirs
alone, will rost the ie>ponMluhty.'
4'It is well 10 ob-eivc that, of the nineteen counties
spoken of a*, not lept-e.-euted. the een-u- was not taken in
four, foi the icnuons stated; the othei fifteen weie, lor civil
put poses attached to organized counties, as follow-:
The Senators, especially from the new States,
know what is meant hy that. Very often a Legis-
lative, as in my own State, will erect a county
by statute, and attach it to another county for
civil purposes untti its population reaches the
constitutional limit, that will enable it to come
into the State a<3 one of the regular organized
counties of the State.
'* Iv.'o, Ric]i«.i<.ifOn and Wellcr. to Shawnee.
Tnree, .Madison, Butlei. and Wise, to Biuckitiridgc.
'• One, ('oifee to Andeison.
11 One. iUc(*eo to l'oui bon.
" Hiy, Gieemvood, Hunter, Dorn, VVibon, Woodson, and
Greeny, 10 Allen. '
" One, Biown to Onrnphan.
" One, Davis to li:Ioy.
" The counties of Brown, Washington, Clay, and Dickin-
son were oicauuiod at the last *esfcion of tho Legislature; N
m the last-named three, there were no Inhabitants. 11
" The registry law was executed, and voters were regis-
tered in the following counties: Johnson, Lykins, Lynn,
Bouibon,Douglas, Shawnee, Doniphan, Atchison.Leavtn-
woith, Jefferson, Nemeha, Calhoun, Mat^hull, and Itile\
In this last category the Senators will recognize
the names of .the counties to which the others had
been attached:
"It will be seen that the only counties really disfran-
chised were the fonrm which Abolitionists would permit no
registry to be taken; and it is an established Uet that many
factious people refused to tell their names, and othei wu,o
obstructed tho officers—some giving fictitious appellations,
and others threatening the lives and pioperty of census
taker*.
" These officers were {political partisans,' and they ' re-
fused or neglected to take any census or make any registry,
and, therefore, they weie entirely disfranchised, and could
not, and did not, give a single vote.' Why did they not com-
pel the officers to do their duty? It was possible; but if
not, they could have petitioned the Governor tor iedre,-s,
If the people of those counties could and did not vote, it
was a 'fault of their own,1 and on * then heads, and theirs
alone, will rest the responsibility.'
"The blunders and misstatements of Governor Walker
are apparent; it is clear that he might have been better m-
Joimed than he seems to be, and more cautious than he
really was 111 his letter of resignation.
I present these facts, as I suppose them to be,
fortheconsiderationofthe Senate, as showing that
much is taken for granted in the discussion 011
the other side in regard to the unfairness of the
election for delegates to the Lecompton conven-
tion, which the facts do not justify.
Mr. STUART. It is perhaps necessary forme
to say a word or two in reply to what has just
fallen from the Senator from Missouri, inasmuch
as I believe 1 first brought this point to the atten-
tion of the Senate. I stated then, after giving a
Considerable extract from a letter of Governor
Walker, that the same thing, in substance, was
stated by Mr. Stanton, then acting-Governor in
Kansas, in his message to the extra session of
the Legislature. He repeats precisely the same
thing in substance. I would be willing to rest the
statement of facts there on the statement of Gov-
ernor Walker, who had been Governor of Kansas
since last spring, and whose duty it was to inform
himself particularly in regard to the laws and the
facts concerning the affairs of that Territory, and
the statement of Mr. Sectetary Stanton, confirm-
ing it in every respect against the stray statement
of three or four individuals here published in a
newspaper.
But, sir, there is an additional fact stated in that
newspaper extract, which goes to show either
that those gentlemen did not understand the sub-
ject, or did not intend fairly to present it. It is
this: That if anybody was aggrieved in that Ter-
ritory, they could apply to the Governor for re-
dress, in regard to the registration of votes. There
is not a single word in the law that authorized
the Governor to act at all, and lie had no moro
power to act in that case than I had. Some of
the men who signed this paper, are not unknown
in the history of this Territory. The man who
makes the statement has been a very active par-
tisan in the Territory, and every statement that
he makes should be taken with the same allow-
ance that the statement of Jim Lane should, on
the other side. They are two men who went to
the Territory for mischief, and not for good.
Now, sir, let me ask the question which J asked
when the law was passed calling a convention—and
I presented the fact to persons high in authority
here—why was the law passed requiring a regis-
tration of votes for the purpose of electing dele-
gates to a convention? There never was any
other registration required at an election in Kan-
sas from the time of its organization down to to-
day. Why was it done? I had not any doubt
at the time what it was done for. It was per-
fectly clear to me that that Legislature had taken
the piovisionsof the Toombs bill, which was to
be executed by nnm appointed by the Piesidunt
and confirmed by the Senate of the United States,
whoso character should be such as to secure an
honest exercise of its provisions, and the pro-
visions of that bill were designed for the purpose
of excluding all who were not actual inhabitants
and residents of the Territory. It was to exclude
immigrant voters from any State in the Union.
What object had the Legislature in view m the
passage of that law? Why introduce upon the
theater of legislation in Kansas a new set of pro-
visions in order to elect delegates to a convention ?
There was but one reason—that under a show of
fairness they might defraud the people, and the
result justifies the prediction.
