2496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
■frho has arrested him is an aggressor, and must
respond in damages to the satisfaction of the
party aggrieved. This is no right at all It is
no law at all. It is the practical intercourse be-
tween nations, regulated by dictates of common
prudence and common justice. This Government
would never manifest any sensibility on account
of a person, whether a citizen of this country or
a foreigner, who should prostitute its flag to the
purpose of piracy; but it must manifest its in-
dignation, its determination to punish and to
repress an aggression upon honest merchants,
honest traders, honest citizens, who are molested
under an injurious suspicion of being offenders
upon the high seas. Therefore it is that, for
twenty years past, I have never looked into a law
book lo ascertain the law in regard to this subject.
Itisenough that the claim debated cannot be'per-
mitted. . It is enough that it would destroy the
equality of nations. It is enough that it is a claim
on the part of another Power to exercise vigil-
ance and supervision over the conduct of this
nation.
I have no particular concern whether the pre-
cise resolutions which have been reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
shall be adopted, or some others which shall be
equivalent. The committee consists of seven mem-
bers; and upon a question of this kind there would
naturally be some difference of opinion among the
seven, and some difference of taste. What was
arrived at was a result which was substantially
satisfactory, I believe, to us all. Each of us, I
believe, is prepared to adopt any other expres-
sion which shall be proposed to us which shall
combine two qualities: the one which shall man-
ifest greater decision and energy, and determina-
tion to accept of no compromise, to submit to no
continuance of these outrages, and to repel and
put down and extinguish forever the pretension
out of which they have arisen; the other, that dig-
nity and moderation winch become a great nation
in the expression of its opinions on a great ques-
tion. It is entirely immaterial to me whether the
resolutions which have been reported by the com-
mittee find favor with the Senate, or whether those
which are supposed to be more energetic and vig-
orous, which are proposed by some gentlemen
who have offered amendments, shall be preferred.
Itis seen that the case lias already gone as far as,
under the circumstances, it could be carried by
any independent action which the Senate only
could adopt.
in the first place, there has been no opportunity
for us to learn how it happened that these trans-
actions have occurred. All prudent and ivasona-
blemen,I believe, agiee that itisnbwurd to suppose
that the British Government itself has ordeied
and directed these proceedings in the Gulf of
Mexico with a knowledge and intention of the ex-
tent to which they were to be carried, because it
is an act of aggression and of war; and we have all
good reason to believe that if Great Britain had
any quarrel with the United States, and wanted
to make war, she would not begin it with a gun-
boat in molesting our vessels in the Gulf of Mex-
ico. We have no reason to believe that any such
proceeding would havebpen adopted,unless there
had been some previous complaint, or at least
some hostile demonstration made. We suppose,
therefore, that itis possible the officers who have
committed these outrages may have transcended
their orders, or that the orders may have origin-
ated in some blunder or error. However that
may be, it was the purpose of the committee, and
we agree with the Senators who have spoken, not
to submit, and not to wait for explanations or
apologies; not to intimate that any apology or ex-
planation can be made which wilt he satisfactory
to us for what has been done. We propose, that
without waiting at ail, the proceedings themselves
shall be met with the force necessary to resist
and suppress, and so shall compel a discontinu-
ance of them. For that purpose the resolution
which I offered some days ago was submitted to
the Senate, which resolution dhectcd the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to inquire whether
any additional legislation was necessary. This
report brings in the fact ascertained by the com-
mittee, in obedience to that resolution, that the
President of the United States has already sent
into the Gulf of Mexico all the available naval
forces of the United States, enough to sink ail the
gun-boats and all the vessels the British Govern-
ment have there, and that they have instructions
to execute the determination of this Government
by suppressing this nuisance and terminating it
at once. Whether more than that is necessary,
is for the consideration of the Senate. The res-
olutions pledge the support of the Senate to the
President in executing this purpose which he has
already adopted, and also seeks to obtain apledge
of Congress that if it shall turn out that further
legislation is necessary to provide means for war,
it shall be promptly given.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose, at this time, to go into a discussion of this
question. If we had before us a measure of prac-
tical legislation, proposing to confer power to carry
out the opinions which we express here, I should
feel disposed to make a brief speech on the sub-
ject. t hardly know what the Senator from New
York means by saying that the minority of the
committee concur with the majority in the report
and resolutions which have been brought in. 1
do not know to whom that term applies. It may
be a political designation; and, if so, he will find
in the committee at least three divisions.
I concurred in the committee in the general tone
of the report. I made but one reservation then,
and 1 make but one now, in expressing that con-
currence, My reservation is, that instead of con-
tenting ourselves with the expression of opinions
that these outrages must stop, we should bring
! forward practical legislation to authorize the Pres-
I ident to put ail end to them. I see no use in re-
| solving on the subject. We resolved forty years
ago that we would not submit to the right of
search. England has been informed again and
again, as firmly and as solemnly as it is in the
! power of any people to inform another, that this
| invasion of our rights must cease; and that, if it
j do not, we will repel it by force. I do not see
j the necessity of re-resolving that she must not
I do it over again. She has violated the sanctity of
j the American Bag, according to the information
we have, thirty-three times within four weeks;
and we are to tell her that, if she continues to do
it, we shall not like it. I suppose she knows now
that we do not like it. We fought her upon it
more than forty years ago. Wo have affirmed
ever sincc that we would not submit to it. What
good will it do now to resolve again that her course
in this respect is a violation of our rights; that the
American people look upon it as a belligerent act;
that it is offensive to us; and that we will not sub-
nut to it? I think there is a more direct way of
j coming at the question. Clothe the President with
i power to put an end to this course of proceeding;
j and then, when our rights arc again violated, let
: him instantly avenge the wrong on the spot.
I It is said that the Kxeeufive has now exerted
; the whole power of the Government, by ordering
j all our disposable naval force into the infested
j seas, with instructions to protect the American
i Hag and the property and citizens under it. I com-
mend and admire the promptness with which the
President has exercised this power, but is itsuf-
cient to be effectual? It seems to be understood,
although I am not prepared to concur ill the opin-
ion, that his power extends simply to the point
of preventing a search while the act is being done.
Hove you force enough in the Gulf to do that?
Can you have force enough there to prevent the
act? You will be under the necessity of sending
one war ship by the side of each merchantman,
so that it may be constantly present in order to
prevent it. Do you suppose that you are ever
going to get an opportunity to prevent the act be-
ing done at the time? They will only make the
search when the American war ship is not pres-
ent. Suppose one of our ships of war should be
along side the Styx when she was about to search
an American vessel: undoubtedly the Englishman
would say, {< I am not going to search this mer-
chantman; I will only do it m the absence of an
American man-of-war; but you being here, you
may search yourself to see whether she is a pi-
rate or a slaver." They will never do the act
when there is an American ship present to resist
it; and the moment the American ship is out of
sight, they will make the search, fire a gun across
the bow, a gun across the stern, then into the rig-
ging, and then into the ship until they bring her
to, and she submits to an inspection and such de-
lay and search as the British officer may require.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
thinks we have naval force enough there to sinK
all the gun-boats and ships of war the English
have in the Gulf of Mexico and the West Indies.
If he will compare the statistics, he will find that
the British have there now three guns to our one,
even after our whole disposable force shall have
arrived there. You may make your calculation
of every gun we have there, and every disposa-
ble gun we have under orders to go there, and
when all are counted, the British have three to
our one. It is idle to suppose, at least it is very
brave to suppose, that our one ship is going to
sink their three, and be present by the side of
every merchant ship we have, for the purpose of
repelling an assault. I think our force there is
utterly inadequate if it is to be used only in re-
pelling assault, pending the perpetration of the
act.
It strikes me that there is another mode of pro-
ceeding, and that is to allow a ship of war to get
on to the track of the Styx, or the Buzzard, or
the Forward, or any English vessel that has been
committing these outrages; follow and ca'pture
her, and bring her into an American port, and
that will be a good time to negotiate. I think it
is time to look to the offending ship for redress,
instead of remonstrating with the British Gov-
ernment. Wc have protested, we have remon-
strated long enough. If these outrages be con-
tinued, follow the ship and capture her and the
officers, and make all persons on board prisoners,
and bring them into port to answer for the offenses
they have committed. When you have them here,
if the British Government avows the act, then it
becomes an international question between us and
Great Britain. If she disavows the act, then it
is for us to say what punishment we shall inflict
upon the lawless persons who are thus abandoned
by their Government as pirates.
I think our remedy is to take possession of the
offenders and then let Great Britain cither avow
or disavow their conduct, and when she does, it
becomes an international question between us and
Great Britain,'or a simple question as to what we
shall do with the lawless persons who have per-
petrated these outrages. It is said that our Gov-
ernment has not the power, under the Constitu-
tion and laws as they now stand, to capture the
vessel after the act; that the extent of the execu-
tive authority is to resist the act when being done;
that if our Wabash should go up to the British
steamer Styx one hour after the outrage had been
perpetrated, we could not take possession of the
British steamer; we must follow her until she per-
petrated another outrage; we must catch her in
the act. You might follow her until doomsday,
and she would not perpetrate another act of out-
rage while our ship of war was in sight of her,
but would do it the moment she was out of sight.
You must have an American war ship for every
merchantman if you arc going to protect our ves-
sels in that way.
If the President has not the power to go any
further than he has gone, I think the power should
be conferred at once. I am aware that it is said
if you clothe the President with the power of
making the arrest and bringing the offender into
port, you give him the power of making war,
which, by the Constitution, is vested in Congress.
It is not the Avar-making power which I propose
to confer. I propose only to authorize the Pres-
ident to repel and punish aggressions in certain
extreme cases, which do not admit of delay, and
report the facts to Congress. The President, in
fact, can involve you in war at any time. He can
conduct the correspondence with the British Gov-
^rnmentconcerning these outrages in such an of-
fensive way as to compel her, in self-respect, to
refuse oui just demands, and thus precipitate the
two countries in a war. He can do the same thing
in regard to any controversy we may have with
any foreign Power. But is it to be argued that,
inasmuch as the President may abuse his trust,
therefore you should not repose any confidence in
him ? That argument abolishes all Government.
When you elect a President of the United States
you must necessarily confide in him, for the rea-
son that the very office vests in his hands such
power as is safe only when exercised by wisdom
and discretion, patriotism and justice.
I would, therefoie, act on this question without
reference to whether this party or that party may
be in power; without reference to the political af-
finities or associations of the existing President.
I would confer that power which a Chief Magis-
