•1858.
TSE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
There hiUs been a good deal said on this subject,
from time to time, and much that ought to be re-
fretted. It is asserted, day after day, thatevery-
ody m the Territory had the fullestopportunity
,to vote, and the responsibility is on their own
beads if they did not vote, when, in addition to
the fact which I stated the other day, which is
•sought to be explained by these individuals in
this newspaper cxtract, it is known that individ-
uals who went into that convention clniming seats
as delegates were rejected because they had not
complied with the provisions of this law, when
the officers whose duty it was to execute the law
refused to do it.
I am not going into a general discussion ofthis
'question at all. I deemed it my duty, after the
reading of the extract, to state to the Senate, sim-
ultaneously with this pretended explanation, that
it was not to be relied upon. The language of
the statement itself shows that it is got up more
out of personal feeling against Governor Walker
than for the purpose of enlightening the country
at large. There are terms and expressions used
in it of personal disrespect to him which show
that fact; and I may end where I began, with
asking if the statements of Governor Walker,
whose duty it was to know, and who had the
opportunity to know; and if the statements of
acting Governor Stanton, in his message to the
legislature, are not to be relied on against the
newspaper statements of three or four individuals,
and those individuals among those who are im-
plicated in what I charge to be this very fraud—
members of this very convention who assigned
as a reason, in their published debates; why they
- would not submit it to the people, that if they
did so submit it, they knew it would be rejected *
Now, sir, I am not disposed to regard such
'explanations against the statement of the sworn
officers ofthis Government, and those, too, gen-
tlemen of the respectability and fame of Governor
Walker and acting Governor Stanton. I would
rather have their statement. At some future day
1 intend to look into this matter myself. I intend
to look at the laws and see about these attachments
of counties; and I intend to see, so far as I can
learn from the laws of that Territory, whether
attaching five or six counties to one for certain
"purposes was authorized. I would say to the hon-
'orable Senator that, in my State, when it was a
'Territory, they were not thus attached for voting
"purposes. They were attached for judicial pur-
poses; but every organized county had township
officers, and had voting precmots m every town-
ship. It was attached to another county simply
for judicial purposes; but I do not understand
that when one is attached for voting purposes,
you go out of the organized county to vote. You
vote in your own county, and in your own tow n~
ship. Your votes are sent to the county to which
you are attached, and there they are canvassed,
and the result is certified by the officers of that
county; but you have your loenl township offi-
cers, your local precincts, and you vote within
some corwenienffdistance. If you can attach five
or six counties to another for voting purposes,
these counties, I presume, being twenty or twenty-
fourmilessquare,you may send a man a hundred
miles to vote, and you might as well deprive him
of the privilege entirely. Eut, sir, as I said, I did
not rise for the purpose of going into any gen-
eral discussion on this subject.
Mr. POLK. It would be more satisfactory to
"me if the honorable Senator from Michigan had
been able to put against the statement which
has been read—the extent of the truth of which
lam not advised—the law of Kansas Territory
rather than the declaration which he quoted in his
first speech, contained in the letter of Governor
Walker. It \wll be found—and that was the
reason why I read the extract to the Senate—that
Governor Walker represents the facts as they are
stated in this paper; that is, they all agree that
there were nineteen counties in which no vote was
taken,as in organized counties; but thisstatement
undertakes to explain how it was that the vote was
not taken; that m four of them, it was not by the
fault of those who were in favor of the action of
the Lecompton convention, but because the offi-
cers were opposed to any constitutional conven-
tion being heldat all; and then that fifteen of them
were attached, for election purposes, to other coun-
ties. It has been suggested to me by my colleague,
and on his recollection I will state the fact, that
one of the official papers—I think it is one of Sec-
retary Stanton's—bears out the declaration of the
persons who have made this statement, to the
effect that numbers of persons refused to give their
names for the purpose of registration at all.
Mr. STUART. That is undoubtedly true.
Mr. POLK. My Colleague refers me to the
passage to which 1 alluded. It is this:
" It is not my pin pose to reply to your statement of facts.
I cannot, do so ftom any personal knowledge enabling me
either to admit or deny them. I may say, however, 1 have
heaid statements quite as authentic as your own, afid, in
some instances, from members of your own party, to the
effect that your political friends have very generally, indeed
almost univeisally, iefu*ed to participate in the pending pro-
ceedings for registering the names ot' the legal voters. In
some instances tuey have given fictitious names, and in
numeious others they have relumed to give any names at all.
You cannot deny that your paitv have heietolbre resolved
not to take pait m the registration; and it appears to me
that, without indulging ungenerous suspicions of the integ-
rity of officers, you might well attribute any eriois and oims-
sionsof'rhe shenlis to the existence of this well-known and
controlling fact. I forbear to say anything of the umuason-
ablcne&s of your requu ement that we shall set aside the law
in order to accomplish what you have refused to do in obe-
dience to its piovibions, but 1 will he most happy to learn
that you,gentlemen, and }rour paity friemW generally, have
been atwoik in earnest with a view to enable the piobsue
judges to piesent a true and pcifcct list of the legal voters
of the Temtoiy. You have had powei to correct the lists;
if jou have failed to do it, the fault will be your own."
That is in the letter of Mr. Secretary Stanton,
at that time acting Governor of the Territory,
addressed to C. Robinson, William Hutchinson,
Edward Clark, and others. I will further add
that, whatever may have been true in the State
of Michigan, I know it lias been true in my own
State; and was so no longer ago than the last June
election that new counties were organized, and for
purposes of voting, voted with the population of
another county, not only for State officers, but for
the election of a repivs< utative to the Legislature.
It is a very easy matter to make charges offraud,
and to say that results were produced by fraud and
by stratagem;and to base those charges on the dec-
laration of officers if you piease, which declara-
tions were not made for the purpose of coming to
that result, for it will he found, on looking at"the
letter of Governor Walker, that he does not state
the conclusion diiectly, asgentlemen infer it, from
the facts which he alleges; but he states the facts
and says, in stating them, that they constitute not
technical, but vital objections to the Lecompton
constitution, and the constitution formed by it. I
believe that is the utmost strength of language
which he uses.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, Mr. President, before
this subject passes from the Senate, to say a word
or two in explanation of tin1 statements embraced
in the paper which the St nator from Missouri has
introduced into the Striate. These persons con-
tradict the positive staiements of Secretary Stan-
ton, and of Governor Walker, aud lh<'y contia-
diet, also, the facis which are well known in
Kansas', and well known by intelligent men in
the country. When the act of the Legislature
which was vetoed by Governor Geary, was passed
over his head, the friends of free Kansas saw, or
thought they saw, m that act, an intention to de-
fraud the people of the Territory. In the first place
they saw that the constitution was not to be sub-
mitted to the people. Governor Geary had vetoed
the bill, because it did not provide for submitting
the constitution to the people. A committee of the
Legislature in reply to this objection of Governor
Geary, told him that they did not intend to sub-
mit it to the peoph\ because their southern friends
had advised them that by that mode they could
secure a slave State. This scheme to cheat the
people out of their rights, came from the brains
of slave propagandists out of the Territory. Sure-
ly we should not be surprised at their support of
the swindle now.
The friends of free Kansas saw that they were
to be defrauded and cheated out of their rights.
They saw that the census was to be taken by
men over whom the people had no control; men
imposed on them, in whose integrity or honesty
they had no confidence; men who were the in-
struments of the Legislature which had been
forced upon them by armed men from western
Missouri.
For these reasons they decided that they would
not participate in the election of delegates to the
convention. Secretary Stanton, who went out
before Governor Walker, after he arrived in the j
Territory, made speeches at Lawrence and sev- '
eral other points, in which he invoked the people
to go into the election. The free-State men knew
that they could not have fairness, but Governor
Robinson and other leading free-State men in .the
Territory drew up a paper, signed it, presented it
to Secretary Stanton, and offered to go into the
election provided some mode were adopted for ah
honest taking of the census and an honest enroll-
ment of the voters. Secretary Stanton to thia
appeal replied that the matter was beyond his
control, that he had no power whatever over it.
Well, sir, in one or two counties, the people,-in
their sovereign capacity, came together ana elect-
ed delegates to the convention. These delegates
went to the convention, but they were-promptly
voted out.
It is said in this paper that the statements of
Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton that'the
census was not taken in half the counties is incor-
rect. Sir, I was in the Territory during a portion
of the months of May and June. I was there
when these matters were exciting the deepest arid
most profound interest among the whole people;
and I say here that I know the statements of Sec-
retary Stanton and Governor Walker to be ab-
solutely true. In fifteen counties no census what-
ever was taken, no enrollment of the votes was
had, partly because of the neglect of the officials,
and partly because in many of these counties there
were no officials to perform this duty. How was
it even in the oldest and largest counties? In the
town of Topeka, containing nearly four hundied
voters, there was no census taken at all. In the
town of Lawrence there was a census taken, but
only two or three hundred were enrolled* al-
though it contained seven or eight hundred voters.
No voting district was opened at Lawrence; and
those who wished to vote for delegates had to go
to Lecompton, fourteen miles distant, in order to
do so. In the city of Leavenworth, the mayor
of the city, one of the oldest residents of the place,
was not enrolled. Only a very small number of
men were enrolled in some of the largest towns
of the Territory. In other places, when nobody
came to them, some of the active free-State men
made up lists for enrollment; but they were not
put upon the enrollment by the territorial officials.
Sir, this whole organization, the call of the con-
vention, the studied: refusal to provide in advance
for submitting1 the constitution to the people, the
mode in which the census was taken, and the en-
rollment of the voters.made, and the basis upon
which the delegates were apportioned, were all
intended as a fraud upon the people of'Kansas.
These intentions have been literally carried out.
The telegraph to-day, I learn, brings intelligence
that tiie two or three thousand sluve-State men in
Kansas—there were only seventeen hundred at
the election for delegates for the convention, and
theie are nut to-day three thousand of them in the
Territory—have can led the Governor and the Le-
gislature. Such towns as Iviekapoo, Oxford,
Shawnee,Marysville,and the Delaware Crossing,
have returned nearly four thousand votes at this
election, though they have not, in the aggregate,
six hundred voters
Sir, it is too late in the day to quote this racing
hero Pflte, or any other of these men, who have,
by fraud and violence, aimed to deprive the peo-
ple of Kansas of their rights. The frauds in that
Territory, from March, 1855, to this veiy hour,
have been designed and organized to crush the
sentiment of the people, to override the popular
judgment, and to force its admission as a slave-
holding State into the Union. And now this
Lecompton constitution, by the use of executive
power and executive patronage, is to be carried
through Congress,although the people of Kansas
have voted it down by a decisive majority. Con-
gress is now invoked by the Executive to consum-
mate the fiauds and trickeries which have Been
perpetrated by the tools of the slave propagand-
ists.
Mr. PXJGH. I wish to say a word or two m
connection with this point. At the commence-
ment of this session, I had heard the statement
afterwards made by the Senator from Michigan,
that, in nineteen of the counties no census was
taken; and 1 think I statedit in the Senate, as the
debates will show, as a fatal objection if it were
true. When I saw the letter of resignation of
Governor Walker J deemed it important for us
to be in possession of some definite proof on the
subject, for, differing with the Senator from Mas-
