1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April <5,
second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, and
ninth amendments of the Senate to the bill (£*■•
R No. 313) to provide for the organization of a
regiment of mounted volunteers for the defense of
the frontiers of Texas, and to authorize the Presi-
dent to call into the service of the United States
four regiments of volunteers, and had concurred
in the eighth amendment of the Senate with an
amendment striking out the words, "surgeons
and assistant surgeons." The eighth amendment
of the Senate provided for detailing the commis-
saries, quartermasters, surgeons, and assistant
surgeons, of the new regiments from the regular
Array.
Onmotion of Mr. PUGH, the Senate concurred
in the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to report the Oregon bill ?
Mr. CLAY. 1 withdraw the motion for the
present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the constitution of
Oregon, have directed me to report a bill (S. No.
239) for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
and to ask that the constitution be printed.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the constitution was ordered to be
printed.
On motion
j ourned.
of Mr. CLAY, the Senate ad-
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jipil 5, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Morsell.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
LIMITATION OP ACTION.
Mr. WHITE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to limit the commencement of action
in certain cases; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 176) to acquire cer-
tain lands needed for the Washington aqueduct,
in the District of Columbia; when the Speaker
signed the same.
NEW REGIMENT BILL.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I desire very much to bring
before the House this morning the volunteer bill
with the Senate amendments. The amendments
of the Senate are eight in number. Some of them
are merely nominal, one dependent on the other.
The Committee on Military Affairs have had the
subject under consideration, and propose to con-
cur in all the amendments of the Senate except
one. They do not change the principle of the
bill. If I can get the consent of the House to take
up the bill, I will briefly explain the amendments.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I object.
Mr. Q.U1TMAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended—ayes 101, noes 25.
The bill was then taken up, and the amend-
ments separately considered.
First amendment:
Section one, page 1, line five, after the word "author-
ized" strike out the words " and required."
Mr. QUITMAN. I will say, in explanation
of that amendment, that the bill, as it passed the
House, authorized and required the President to
call into service the regiment raised for service in
Texas. The Senate propose to strike out the
words " and required," so as to leave it discre-
tionary to call out a regiment or not, as the
necessities of the service may require. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs recommend a concur-
rence in that amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
effect of this amendment to he to leaye it discre-
tionary with the President whether he will call
out the regiments authorized or not.
Mr. QUITMAN. That is the effect of it.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 3, section three, strike out the whole of this section,
as follows;
See. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the officers of
said regiment of mounted men shall be appointed or se-
lected m the manner prescribed by the laws of Texas.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have only this to say, in
explanation of this amendment, that another sec-
tion places the organization of all the regiments
underthe regulations of the several States in which
they are raised. The object of the section will
therefore be accomplished, without this special
provision. We therefore recommend that the
House concur in this amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the President has not the appointment of the
officers of these new regiments?
Mr. QUITMAN. No, sir; they are appointed
under the regulations existing in the States where
they are raised.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Page 4, section four, line six, after the word " the" strike
out tliu words " northern and northwestern."
Mr. QUITMAN. I will say that the object
of this amendment is to extend the operation of
the regiments to be raised to the whole Indian
frontier. The bill as it passed the House restricts
their operation to the northern and northwestern
frontier. This simply removes the restriction, and
allows it to extend to the whole Indian frontier.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Page 4, section four, line eleven, strike out " four," and
insert in lieu thereof" two."
Mr. QUITMAN. That amendment is the most
material amendment, and the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs recommend a concurrence in it. The
original bill, as reported to the House and passed,
authorized the President to call into service four
additional regiments, besides the Texas mounted
regiment. The amendment of the Senate reduces
the number of additional regiments to two. For
the purpose of expediting the passage of the bill,
the committee recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. Supposing that the Senate of
the United States represent more particularly the
views of the Administration, I concurred with a
majority of the Committee on Military Affairs in
recommending a concurrence in this amendment.
At the same time, I adhere to the opinion which
I expressed when the bill was originally before
the House, that we should send a larger number
of troops to Utah instead of a smaller number,
for the reason that I believe there would be less
bloodshed. I have no doubt myself on the ques-
tion.
I wish at the same time to correct a statement
which appears m the debate of Friday, which re-
1 ites to the cost of the United States Army estab-
lishment. I see by a misprint in the Globe I am
represented as saying that the cost of the Army
is $7,500,000. I said about fifteen million dollars.
Adding the cost of arsenals, and other military
expenses of the Government, the amount will be
increased to about nineteen million dollars. Then
adding the cost of the public buildings, and the
entire expense will be about twenty million dol-
lars. This is the explanation I wish to make.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] I will say
with reference to the debate which took place in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on Friday last, upon the deficiency bill, that 1
was also guilty of a little inaccuracy. I concurred
with the gentleman from Iowa in stating that the
annual cost of maintaining the Army of the Uni-
ted States was about fifteen million dollars. Since
then, I have had placed in my hands an official
document, from which I find that the annual ex-
pense of supporting the United States Army for
the year ending June 30,1856, was §13,577,559 61;
and that the cost for the year ending June 30,
1857, was $13,802,860 7G.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order.
Is this debate pertinent to the question pending
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is taking
a rather wide range.
Mr. PHELPS. I have made the only expla-
nation I desired.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs to
state whether the reduction proposed by the com-
mittee is in accordance with the wishes of the Ex-
ecutive?
Mr. QUITMAN. I have no information on
that point, save from what appears in the debates
of the Senate. I had an interview, in the latter part
of last weekrwith the Secretary of War; and he
informed me that the War Department only de-
sired expedition in this matter, and was quite will-
ing to receive the Senate's amendment to the House
bill. I did not learn whether there was any par-
ticular preference for five or for three regiments.
My own opinion, however,is, that the Administra-
tion would prefer the privilege of calling out five
regiments, if deemed necessary. But I know that
it was stated in the committee room that, in all
probability, no more than three regiments would
be required, including the Texas regiments. Un-
derthatsupposition, while I concur with my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] in the opinion that five
regiments will be needed, yet, as immediate action
is so important, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs recommend concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ask whether the
amendments made in the Senate leave the Texas
regiments on the same ground as the other—that
is, leaving it discretionary with the Executive to
call them out, or whether it is imperative?
Mr. QUITMAN. On the same footing exactly.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to submit some re-
marks upon the hill,and as they are appropriate
to this amendment, I propose to do so now.
Without intending to bring about delay or disad-
vantage to the public service, I think the House
ought to refuse to concur m this amendment.
This bill proposes to fix the number of troops to
be furnished by any one State at not less than a
regiment. That would operate very unequally,
and I think that we ought to give a fair oppor-
tunity to all the States desiring to furnish a pro-
portion of troops, to do so. 1 am authorized to
say that Indiana is prepared to furnish two regi-
ments; but if there are only two regiments to be
called into service, it is not right that only two
States should have the privilege of furnishing
them. Therefore, I think this bill ought to be
amended so as to permit a State to furnish a com-
pany or battalion. In order to get the bill to a
stage where that can be done, I propose that the
House non-concur in the amendment of the Senate.
If the bill passes in its present form, there will
be some twenty or thirty regiments tendered to
the Executive. Two of these only will be accept-
ed ; and the consequence will be, thai, at the next
session of Congress, large bills will be presented
for indemnity by men who will have raised com-
panies at their own expense, and have been re-
fused to be mustered into service.
For my part, I do not think that two regiments
are sufficient for the wants of the service; and I
will state why. Both these regiments, it is un-
derstood, are to go with the Utah expedition, or
else to garrison those forts from which the regu-
lar troops are to be withdrawn to be sent to Utah.
This bill gives the State of Texas one regiment,
to be raised within her own borders, for self-de-
fense against the Indians. I have no objection to
that part of the bill; but a portion of the country
where the citizens have need to raise troops for
self-defense against the Indians more than any-
where else, lias been wholly overlooked in this,
bill. I refer to the Territory of New Mexico, on
the frontiers of which some ninety thousand In-
dians of the most warlike character are continually
pressing—a Territory which contains men accus-
tomed to fight Indians, and who would be very
elad to have permission to defend themselves.
This they cannot now do, because the intercourse
laws are enforced there; and whenever the people
in that Territory take up arms against the Indi-
ans, they are liable to have the troops of the Uni-
ted States arrayed against them.
There are serious defects in this bill. In my
opinion two regiments will be wholly inadequate;
and I think that this is as good a point as any
other at which to refuse concurrence. In order to
get the bill in a condition where it can be modi-
fied and perfected, I submit a motion—in order to
get the sense of the House on the amount of force
to be called out—to strike out the word " two"
from the Senate's amendment, and insert the word
"five."
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise simply to notice an
