438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
timony of high officers of the Navy, and that of
Other official persons, to sustain liis statements;
and I think that no candid man will deny that he
has more than answered the Senator from Alabama
as to this point. He also produces the same high
authority to show the eminent services which the
cod fishermen have rendered the country in times of
war. Commodores Stewart and Shubrick agree
entirely on this point with Messrs. Benton, Ever-
ett, Webster, and others, whom I shall presently
quote; and their high authority will generally be
considered a fair offset to that of the miserable sti-
pendiaries of the Administration, quoted by the Sena-
tor from .Alabama, who, to gratify their masters, have
traduced their neighbors and countrymen.
The Senator from Alabama raises the sectional
hue-and-cry against Maine and Massachusetts,
because their citizens are the chief participators
in this fishing bounty. lie denounces the bounty
system as unjust and unequal, although its de-
sign is to tram sailors to defend the whole coun-
try.
Now, sir, I will call attention to another little
sectional bounty, in which the people of Alabama
are rather more interested than the people of
Maine or Massachusetts. I allude to the Post
Office bounty. According to the last annual re-
port of the Postmaster General, the total expenses
of the Department in Maine and Massachusetts,
for the last fiscal year, were $587,450; the leceipts
were $734,512; leaving an excess of $147,056,
which is taken from the people of those States to
carry the mail in States whose expenses to the
Department far exceed the receipts. I will point
out the shortcomings of one such State, for the
edification of those who heard or have read the
speech of the Alabama Senator. According to
the same report of tile Postmaster GcneraCthe
expenses of the mail service m Alabama were
$304,610, and the total receipts $115,397; leaving
a deficit of $189,213.
The excess m Maine and Massachusetts falls
a little short of this deficit; but if we take in the
whole New England States, which are interested
more or less in the fisheries, the Alabama burden
upon the Treasury will be made good. This total
bounty to Alabama is something more tl an half
the amount of the fishing bounty; and if we adtl
the like bounty paid to any one of a half dozen
States whose Representatives will vote for the
repeal of the fishing bounty, the aggregate will
exceed lite latter. Take Georgia, for meunce,
whoso bounty is §164,000; or1"South Carolina,
whose bounty is $173,000; oi North Carolina,
whose bounty is-$l 61,000. Add any one of these
to the Alabama bounty, and the sum total will
exceed the average fishing bounty. The total
postal bounty paid to the South, out of the Uni-
ted States Treasury, is {82,500,000! Is it not
injudicious for southern men, under such cir-
cumstances, to quarrel with the little insignificant
fishing bounty?
The same remarks will apply to several of the
western States, which are in the receipt of this
postal bounty. New England, New York, and
Pennsylvania, pay their postal expenses, and leave
a large surplus. The States south and west of
them (excepting little Delaware) do not pay, but
fall far in arrears every year. These facts should
teach their Representatives to be a little chary in
their assaults upon the New England cod-fish
bounty.
I now quote a few American authorities, and I
begin with the late Colonel Benton, who signal-
ized his opposition to the fishing bounties in a
vigorous leport, as chairman of a select commit-
tee, in 1840. Near the close of that document I
find the following passage:
'• Far be it from this committee to depreciate the v.ilne
oi unueirate the importance of the noitheastern fisheries.
It would argue hut little knowledge of their own country,
in relation to this sourcu of wealth and power, or the con-
tests of other nations in relation to it, so to depieciateor
umleriatfi them. They know them to he valuable—of ines-
timable value—as welt for the subsistence they fuiiiuh to
mau, as for tho mariners which they create, and the hardy
and manly qualities which they ehcnsh in tho-e who ptu-
sue them. As a nursery for seamen, they possess a gi eat
and lasting, but no longer an exclusive, importance. Tilings
have changcil since 1789."
Mr. Cooper, in his naval history, says that
" the fisheries may be considered as the element-
ary school of American nautical enterprise."
Mr. Everett, while Minister to England, in a
letter to Lord Aberdeen s dated March 25, 1845,
says:'
" It is ho doubt true that the British colonial fisli, as far
as duties are concerned, enters the United States market,
if at afi, to some disadvantage. The Government of the
United States, he is persuaded, would gladly make any re-
duction in these duties which would not seriously injure the
native fishermen; but Lord Aberdeen is aware that the en-
couragement of this class of the seafanng community lias
over been considered, as well by the United States as by
Great Britain, as resting on peculiar groundsof expediency.
It is the great school, not only of the commercial hut of the
public marine, and the highest considerations of national
policy require it to be fostered."
These, Mr. Chairman, are high tiybutes from
high sources, to the fishermen of New England.
I will add one other from New England's great
orator and statesmen, Webster, among the last
words, perhaps the last public speech he ever ut-
tered. ft will be remembered by many that, in
July, 1852, being then Secretary of State, he vis-
ited his home, and was publicly greeted by his
neighbors at Marshfield. There was much excite-
ment at the time in the fishing world, in conse-
quence of the enforcement of some severe regula-
tions of the British and Nova Scotia Governments
in regard to the fishing grounds. Mr. Webster
made this subjectthe theme of his address. I will
quote his eloquent and emphatic testimony:
" The most important consequences aie involved in this
matter. Out fisheucs have been the verv mm-encs of our
Navv. ffour tlas-slnps have met and conquered the enemy
on the sea, the fMieue> aie at the bottom of it. Tho Qu-
eues weie the seeds fiom which these glotious triumphs
weie born and sprung."
Mr. Chairman, this is or should be a Govern-
ment of the people. Wc need no standing army
to keep the people in awe. Wc are separated by
the wide ocean from the great Powers of the
world, and we have no necessity for large armies
to defend us against their sudden irruptions or j
their more premeditated attacks. The citizen sol- !
dierv of America are amply able to defend their ]
firesides. Hut, sir, we do need a navy to defend !
our commetee. We are rapidly becoming the ,
greatest commercial State in the world. Our ton- !
nnge and our trade, if not now equal to that of !
Great Ilritain and her dependencies, is only sec- J
ond to hers. No other nation of the earth np- I
proaches within a bow-shot of us in eonnneicial !
importance, and, indeed, I believe I may safely ;
say, that the foreign commerce of all other na- ,
tions, combined, would be inferior to our own. |j
Our sails whiten every sea: and I know not how l'
many countless millions of American property 1
aie eveiy hour and moment afloat on the Wide |
ocean, exposed to the depicdations of pirates, or
of peoples unfriendly or uncivilized.
Sir, tins immense property, this vast public in-
terest, demands protection at our hands. Armies
can afford it no assistance. A navy is what we
need, and a navy cannot be constituted without i
disciplined seamen. American commerce iscvery 1
day grote jug and widening itssphcre of operations.
Wc have sent expeditions to China and Japan,
at great expense, to back up our commercial ne-
gotiations. We have partially succeeded; and
there is a prospect of still greater success. Wc
have States gi owing up on the opposite shores of
the Pacific, and a trade and intercourse of vast
and indefinite extent is destined to spring: up be-
tween them and the hitherto exclusive and unso-
cial, but industrious and wealthy Chinese and
Japanese. Here is a boundless field for American
commercial enterprise, but one which peculiarly
demands the protection of a navy. The civiliza-
tion of China and Japan is very peculiar; they
understand the arts of life well; they have the ele-
ments of an immensely valuable trade in the pro-
ducts of their agriculture and mechanical industry;
but they are wholly ignorant of the European and
American system of international law, and they
are prone to treat all foreigners, or "outside bar-
barians," as enemies, when they happen to fall
into their hands.
These people must be schooled in the Inws of
nations. They must be made to respect the rights
of foreigners, individual and national. The only !
way to compel attention to these lessons is to !
send an efficient naval force into their waters. I
The Asiatic character is peculiar m this respect; !
you must first present the argument of force, or i
you will not be listened to." J
Mr. Chairman, this is not the time to relax our '
efforts for the maintenance of a home-bred racc of j
seamen, whose patriotism may be relied upon m
the event of a war. Are we not at this moment
threatened with a war? Has not our flag been
insulted repeatedly within the last month?
Sir, when our intercourse is rapidly increasing
with all nations, and especially with this new com-
merce of the Pacific dawning upon us, would it
not be most unwise for the Government to fall
into the new policy which has been proposed, of
crippling our naval forces ? Is this a time to aban-
don a system which has been deemed essential
to the existence of a navy by every Administra-
tion, from Washington to the present? For Mr,
Jefferson is no exception to the remark, since he
was opposed to the establishment of a navy while
President, but became convinced of his error when
he saw what a navy could achieve under the ad-
ministration of his successor. He saw defeat suc-
ceed defeat, and disaster follow disaster, on the
land. He saw the spirits of his countrymen
droop, and their hearts almost die within them,
in view of these saddening eveats. But he saw
that hour of national sorrow, shame, and despond-
ency, relieved as often as tidings came up from the
sea. Our Navy consisted of a few small vessels
A mistaken policy had regarded it as of secondary
consequence, and treated it accordingly. That
policy had provided only a small handful of ves-
sels for this great emergency; and*doubtlcss the
general expectation was, that our little fleetwould
be swept from the ocean by the invincible power 1
and prowess of England. But its achievements
have added permanent glory and honor to the
nation, and in the hour of greatest need-rendered
it essential service.
But, sir, I will trespass no longer on the pa-
tience of the committee. I will conclude by re-
peating, in the language of Mr. Webster, that
the fisheries were the seeds from which these
glorious triumphs were born and sprung."
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN—HOME VALUATION
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Tuesday, May 25, 1858.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 396) to authorize a loan not exceed-
ing the Hum of $15,000,000, the question being
on the following amendment of Mr. Simmons:
Sec. —. Jind he it fatLhcr emitted, That the piovisions
of the sixteenth and seventeenth section* of the act of 30th
August, 1840, the eighth .section ot the act of 30th July, 18-46,
and tlie thst section ot the act oi 3d of iMaich, ISol, so far
as the vaine relate to and direct the manner of ascertaining
and determining the value of merchandise imported into
the United States, at the principal maikets of the countries
from winch the same are unpolled, hhall lemain and con-
I ttnue in loiee; and in all cases, when the same i<? practica-
ble', the invoices of all goods, wares, and merchandise at the
place oi port of expoitation -shall be verified by the certifi-
cate of tiie consul of the United States at such port; and in
no case shall the duties upon goods be levied in any port
of the United States upon an amount les  than the value
stated in such invoices, as inquired in the pioviso to tho
< lghtli section ofbairi act of30th July, 1846, unless the quan-
tity ot the articles impoited shall be lessened,or the quality
liijuied upon the voyage of importation.
Sec. —. *And be it farther enacted, That, in order to
prevent the continuance of fiaud upon the revenue by the
undervaluations of foreign imports, and to provide tor the
valuation of imports in the tame cutreney m which duties
aie paid, to wit: the legal currency of the United States, it
is iieieby piovided that, m addition to the existing provis-
ions of Jaw lor the entry and appiaisenient, or valuation of
any goods, wares, oi niciciiatuhse imported into the United
States, it Mialf be the duty of the owner, importer, con-
signee, oi agent of any goods, wares, or merchandise im-
poited into any poit ot the United States, to exhibit to the
collector or other proper officer of the customs of such port,
a true invoice of the goods, waies. and merchandise entei ed
by such peison or persons at such port, embracing a state-
ment of the quantity, descuptiou, nature, quality, and the
true wholesale nuuket puce or value of the same or similar
articles in the principal market of the United States, to wit:
the city of New Yoifc, at the tune of such entry of impor-
tation, or at the tune nearest thereto which is practicable ;
and such invoice shall be venfied and proved by the oath
of the said owner, importel, consignee, or agent, who, on
conviction of false sweaung thereon, s-hall be subject to the
forfeiture and penalties as provided by the laws of the Uni-
ted States in like cases, and piosecuied as for willful and
corrupt peijury; ami, upon such wholesale maiket puce or
value, to include the fmeign cost, all ehaiges, dtiOes, and
piofits, oi so much theieofas may enter into and become a
pait ot such wholesale maiket price or value, the jates of
duty imposed by the existing laws of the United State*, at
the time of entiy of such importation, upon each aiticle
enumerated in such invoice, shall be assessed and paid:
Prowled, That it any coliectoi or other proper officer ot the
customs shall have doubtb as to the coru'ctness of the val-
uation as above descubed, or should complaint or mfoima-
Uou be made or given by unypeison or persons of the incjr-
