m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 25,
prove it. If s^ch.a vote has been given, how-
ever, I do not defend or apologize for it. That
frauds have been committed; that they have been
systematically committed; that they have an ob-
ject, a purpose, namely, to crush the people of
Kansas and to overawe them, I have no doubt;
ai>d th'o.se frauds have been apologised for and
siis,tained*here and elsewhere in the country.
Mr. BI'GLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
-Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt the Senator
from Massachusetts is speaking from the best
information he has with reference to the recent
election. But I beg to say to him that I have seen
a_eopy of the Herald of Freedom, published at
Ijawrence on the 16th of January. I had sup-
posed the Senator from Massachusetts was a sub-
scriber to that paper, and a reader of it. I read
in.it to-day a paragraph with reference to the dif-
ficulty which Mr. Henderson has got into there,
on the charge of changing election returns, in
which the editor states distinctly that the returns
for the Delaware, Crossing precinct, in Leaven-
worth county, which involved the ascendency of
parties, had been rejected by Mr. Calhoun, and
alleged that in that way Mr. Henderson had been
saved from the consequences of lus alleged mis-
chief or crime. I certainly am not mistaken in
the reading of the article, and it is explicit that a
disputed precinct was thrown out by Mr. Cal-
houn in making up the returns. Doubtless the
Senator will see the article by referring to it. I
do not say that it is correct or incorrect; but I
read it, and I suppose it is quite as good authority
any telegraphic news which can have come
tO-day.
Mr WILSON. I, will only say that I have
read the article to which the Senator alludes, but
I do not so understand it. I may be mistaken,
however.
Mr. BIGLER. Does not the article state dis-
tinctly that Mr. Calhoun did set them aside?
Mr. WILSON. It may be so, but I do not
now recollect anything of the land.
Mr. BIGLER. It is in the sumo brief para-
graph.
Mr. WILSON. If he has done so, he has only
rejected frauds, and 1 rose to speak of frauds.
Mr. BIGLER. I will produce the paper, and
give it to the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. I do not deny it, but I have
not so read it. In a letter received yesterday from
Governor Robinson, he states that it is rumored
that five hundred votes were returned from Del-
aware Crossing; that if this be so, and if they
should be counted by Calhoun, Leavenworth
county will go pro-slavery, and that may change
the lesuitin the Legislature. Governor Robinson
expresses the opinion that the free-State men have
carried the election, but that it is not certain that
certificates will be given to the free-State men;
that Calhoun has announce d that he shall keep
the counting open for additional returns, and no
one nan tell what he may do.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senatorfrom Massachusetts
rose, as he announced, to reply to me, and said
he would arraign fraud, and that he would hold
those who justify and advocate and apologize for
fraud to their moral responsibility. As he uses
that language in connection with the announce-
ment that he was replying to me, 1 must ask him
what reference that has to nit: ?
Mr. WILSON. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to have justified fraud m Kansas, or else-
where, but to have condemned the reference to
those fiauds here.
Mr. DAVIS. There the Senator misunderstood
me, or did not quite apprehend what I did say.
It was not that fraud should not be held to ac-
count here and elsewhere; it was that we should
not have Senators proceeding from day to day
making allegations without proof—and when ] do
not beiieve their statements—in advance of the
subject, bc^oie we have the Jiifoi mation, when
there is nothing dependent on ih'-;r allegations,
piling it up day by day in mere deelama: ion. That
is all I have to say about it. When the time
comes, if the Senator will produce fraud which
vitiates anything on which I have to vote, I will
readily vote with h m. When the time comes to
examine whether there has been fraud in anything
upon which We have to act, very good; 1 am [-re-
pared to make the inquiry. It is to tins mere
political declamation that I object, when there is
no action. *
I stated further that I objected to it, because it
did not go back to the foundation; that it took it
up just at the point where counteraction com-
menced. I do not say theie is not fraud; but I
do say, and it is proper I should say it now, that
those persons who went into the Territory and
claimed to vote immediately after they got in,
were but following the invitation of Congress and
acting in accordance with the law which it enacted.
When this doctrine of squatter sovereignty (against
which, when it was first introduced, I strove with
whatever little powerIpossessed)became the pop-
ular theory of the land, legislation received that
direction which brought about the exact state of
things which justified any number of men to go
from any State into a Territory, and vote the hour
after they got there; nay, more, it justified them
in setting up their claims to take the control of
the government, throw off their responsibility to
the Federal Government, and assume to dictate
the institutions under which they would live.
Something retrograde was made when this Kan-
sas bill was enacted. It is better than some that
went before it; but out of that same theory grew,
and, 1 think, legitimately grew, the assertion of
this right of everybody to go into the Territory
and vote the hour after they got there. There
was no time of residence prescribed; there was
no proof of intent to remain required. It was the
exact carrying out of that thing which we por-
trayed in 1850, when we argued against it as
assuming the right of an emigrant population to
halt for the night and establish a government,
and declare themselves there sovereign. I do not
think that can be alleged as fraud, unless we go
back and allege the fraud against Congress, upon
the institutions of the country, and the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BROWN. I design to move thepostpone-
ment of this question until a day subsequent; and
as Friday is a leisure day, I propose, if it suit the
Senator, to postpone it to that day. I hope, by
that time, we shall have the Lecompton constitu-
tion here. If we have not, the question can pass
over to a subsequent day. I see no practical
utility in discussing a question which is not before
us.
Mr. PTIGH. Why not say Thursday?
Mr. BROWN. Because we haveaspecial order
for that day. I propose Friday, because that is
a day past which we have been in the habit of
ad journing; and if wo get the Lecompton consti-
tution, as I am assured we shall, by that time, we
may as well occupy it in discussing the question
as adjourning over. If we do not get it we can on
Thursday adjourn to some subsequent day. I
propose to discuss a practical question. If we
have the constitution before us, let us discuss the
question of admitting Kansas into the Union, and
not go on debating a mere question as to whether
we shall refer the papers, lookinir ahead as to what
we shall have directly before the Senate. I do
not know that we shall have the question before
us on that day; but I am assured that we shall,
m all probability, have it. Expecting that the
constitution will be here by Friday, J move to
postpone the further consideration of this ques-
tion until Friday, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 25, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
i by Rev. P. D. Guulf.y, D. D.
i The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
' SELECT COMMITTEE ON PACIFIC RAILROAD.
j The SPEAKER announced the foil owing as the
select committee on the Pacific railroad: Messrs.
; Phelps, Jones of Tennessee, Washburn of
; Maim.-, Millshx, CtRns,Corning, Underwood,
■ Giioesbeck, Gilmer, Singleton, Farns worth,
! Phillips, Leach, Bryan, and Scott.
HON. O. J3. MATTESON.
The SPEA.KER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of the preamble
and resolution m relation to Hon. 0. B. Matte-
son, submitted by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris,] and postponed to this day.
Mr. KEITI. In the absence of the gentleman
from Illinois, who offered the resolution, I take
the liberty, sir, without any consultation with
him, of moving its postponement for one month.
I do it in consideration of the fact that I under-
stand from good authority that the member al-
luded to in the resolution is detained at home by
the severe illness of his wife.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE PENSION BIIX.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J.
Glanc v J ones ,] to close debate in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the inva-
lid pension bill at one o'clock on Tuesday next,
the pending question being upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to lay
the resolution upon the table.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will withdraw his motion, and let
us vote directly on the main question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio is not in his seat.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to close
debate on the pension bill at one o'clock on Tues-
day. The deficiency bill for printing will then
come up, and there are ten other regular appro-
priation bills, and another deficiency bill, all of
which have been reported or are ready to be re-
ported, so that every gentleman will have ample
opportunity of being heard. It is very important
that we should pass some of the appropriation
bills, and send them to the Senate for action there.
I hope, therefore, that the gentleman from Oluo
will withdraw his motion to lay the resolution on
the table; or, if he declines to do so, that it will
be voted down.
Tellers having been ordered on Friday last on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
Messrs. Billinghurst and Joi-in Cochrane were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 84.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. .
The question was taken; and il was decided in
the negative-—yeas 77, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—meters.Abbott. AihIicwh, Bennett, Rjlhnirhurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biayton, BuJfinton, Builingamc,
Case, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Clawson, Clark b.Cochrane,
Colfax, Comins, Cuitis, of Maryland, Dean. Dick,
Dodd, t)nrfee, Farnswo.th, Foster, Giddmgs, GiJman,
Gooch, Goodwin, Giauger, Grow, Robert liTilall, Ilar-
lan, lloaid, Morton, Howard, Kellogjr, Kehey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, Loach, Loiter, Lovojov, ma.<on, Morgan, Mo'nili,
Edward Joy Morris Freeman h. mow1, Ohvei a. Mor=:e?
Munay, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Poult', Heady, liteaud. rabbins ttoj e<\ John Shet.imn, Jud-
son w. Shennan, Spinnet. Stanton, Wilbam Stewart, Tap-
pail, Tho'np>ou, Tompkins, Wade, Walbndjre, Waklion,
radwalader c. \Va>hbuni, Blbiiii b. Washburne, i&iael
wa-hbuin, and WiKon—77.
nays—me-^rs. Admin. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bi-hop, bowie, Bojce, Branch, Hryan, Burnett,Chap-
man, John B. Ciark, Clay, Chngman, Cobb, JolmCochiane,
Cocke nil, comuiff.Cox:, jamc^ Craisr, Burl on Ciaige, (haw-
lot d, Davidson, Davi-, of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davi-of Jowa, Dimmick, Dowdell, Edmundson, en^lif-h,
Faul'nici, Foley, Gainett, g.irtrell, Goodo, Greenwood,
Gk'to:, (Jroo-.b?ek, Lawroncp \v. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Ilickman, hi!), Hopkins Houston, hughes, flnylei. Jack-
son, Jewctt, george w. jones, j. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kelly, Jacob m. KunkcJ, Lamar, Landv, Lcaly,
Letcher, MeKibbin, mcqueen, Humphrey Mar-hall, May-
nard. Miles, milton, Montgomery, Moore, j^aac n. Mor-
sj>, Niblack. Pcj ton.Phclp., Phillips, Purvianee, Quitni.m,
i'o.iuan, Reilly, Ritchie, Ruffin, Russell, -Savasre, Scales,
Scott, sealing, Seward, Henry m. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles,
Rob'-it Smith, William Smith, Stall worth, stephens, s"e-
v(mi-.>a, James a. Stewart, Talbut, George Taylor, Miles
Tavioi. Thayer, Tiippe, ITncleuvood, Warren, White,
Whiteiey. Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus It.
Wngiit, John v. Wught, and Zollicoffer—•-10*3.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DOWDELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cunur, was detained from the House m conse-
quence of the sickness of a member of his family.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off upon this question with Mr. Keitt,
who had left the House for a moment, he [Mr.
Davis] being in favor of laying the resolution on
the table, and the gentleman from South Carolina
against it.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
