1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
rectness of any such valuation, it shall be the duty of the
collector or other pioper officer of the customs, to cause the
true ami actual wholesale market price or value ot tlte same
or similar amcies in the city of New *oik, at tho time of
entry at the port of entry, to be ascertained and appraised in
the same mode and manner as the wholesale mazket puce
or value is now asceitained and appraised m the pimcjpal
markets of the countries from which the same is imported;
and it shall in eveiy case be the duty of the apprm-ensof
the United States, and every of them, and every person who
shall act as such appraisei, or of the collectoi and naval
officer, as the case may be, by all lea&onablc ways and
means in his or their power, to ascertain, estimate, and ap-
praise the true actual maiket value or wholesale price of
such goods, wares, and merchandise, in the city ot New
York, at the time of entry of such goods, wares, arid mer-
chandise, at the port of fmpoitation, without rcgaid to any
other invoice, valuation, or appraisement, oi veiificauoii of
the same by oath or otheiwise, orthe diffeieneeoi any Mich
invoice or valuation to the contiaty notwithstanding And
if such last mentioned appraisal or valuation shaii exceed by
ten per centum or moie the value so dcclaied on theentiy,
then, m addition to the duties imposed by law on the same,
there <hall he levied, collected, and paid, a duty of twenty
per centum ad valorem on such appraised value, a  ptovided
in the eighth section of the act ot the 3v)th July, 1H46, enti-
tled "An act ieducing the duties on nnpoits. and for other
purposes." And the seveial collectors or other piopei offi-
cers, under such regulations as may be prescnbed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, whenever they >lia!l deem it
necessary to secure the propej payment of the levehue due
to the United States upon the importation of any goods,
wares, or merchandise,may,and they heteby ate lequircd,
whenever the same is practicable, to take the amount ot
duties chargeable on any aiticle beaimg an ad mien cm uitc
of duty on the article itself, aecoiding to the piopoifion oi
rate per centum ot the duty on said articles, and Mich goods
eo taken the collector or other pioper othcei ^liaii eaiw* to
he sold, at public auction, within twenty dajs irons the time
of taking the same, in the manner prescnbed bv Jaw, and
place the ptoceed& ausmg fiom such sale in the Tiea:-uiy of
the United States. And the paid collector or other pioper
officer of the customs is further authonzed and rcquned,
when he shall deem it nece&sary to sociye the piopei pay-
ment of the duties acei uing to the Government o! the Uni-
ted States, to proceed in the mannei pre&ctibcd in the eigh-
teenth section of the said act, approved the 30th day ot
August, IS42, even though no fraud or intentional undei-
valuauon shall be imputed; and, as. compensation to tiie
collector and appraiser for their set vices in >-uch pioccd-
ing, they shall be entitled to a commission of one pei centum,
to be shared by them, upon the amount of duties thus fee-
cured and paid, m addition to such other compensation as
they are, by law, entitled to.
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That should any per-
son or persons complain or give information to the collector
orotherpiopei officer ofthe custonisthatany false oi under-
valuation of any goods, wares, or mciehandu-e. has been
made by any owner, impoitci, consignee, or agent, a* aio e-
Raid, under the pieeeding section of this act, oi ot any ex-
isting law ofthe United States, with a view to detiaud the
Government ofthe duty legally due upon the s.une, the
proper otiicer shall pioceed to asceitam and appraise the
tiue maiket value, as piovided for in the preceding -eetion
and according to law; and if any foifeiture oi penalty shall
be mcuired by any such owner, nnpoitcr, cmiHsrnce, or
agent, one half the amount or value oi such torleiiuie shall
accrue to the benefit ofthe person or persons complaining,
oi giving information which may have led to the detection,
of such fraud or undervaluation
Sec. 4. And be it further cnactcd, That all acts and paits
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of tins act, be, and
the same die hcieby, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER,. I raise a point of order that
this amendment is in the nature of the ongmation
of a bill tu raise revenue. It is undoubtedly de-
signed to mcreasc the revenues from customs. It
is a proposition to assess the duty,noton the for-
eign value as the present laws provide, but on the
home value, and a value which is to be increased
by all the costs and charges of bringing the goods
here, and by the duty, too, as I understand, for it
is the market value m New York. I maintain,
that by the Constitution, we have no authority to
originate any such measure; and to show what
has been the sense of the Senate, I beg leave to
refer to the action taken in 1844, upon the bill
which Mr. McDuffic introduced, " to revive the
act of the 2d of March, 1833, usually called the
compromise act, and to modify the existing duties
upon foreign imports in conformity to its provis-
ions." Mr. Evans, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported backthatbill without amendment,
together with the following resolution:
«Resolved, That the bill, entitled 'A bill to revive the
act of the 2d of March, 1833, usually called the compromise
act, and to modify the existing duties upon foieign imports
in conformity to its provisions,' is a bill foi lairing revenue
within the meaning of the seventh section of thefiist aiticle
of the Constitution, and cannot therefore originate m the
Senate ; therefore,
" Resolved3 That it be indefinitely postponed."
The vote on the first resolution was 33 yeas to
4 nays. The yeas were—Messrs. Allen, Archer,
Atchison, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ben-
ton, Brcese, Buchanan,Choate, Clayton, Dayton,
Evans, Fairfield, Francis, Hannegan, Henderson,
Huntington, Jaruigan, Menick, Milltr, More-
head, Niles, Poi'ter, Rives, Semple, Simmons,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Woodbridge, and
Wiight. The nays were—Messrs. Haywood,
Huger, McDuffie,and Woodbury. That was the
action of the Senate in regard to a proposition
similar in nature to the one now offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island; and I submit that it
is against a constitutional rule of order for us to
attempt to originate this revenue measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will suggest that this pre-
sents a constitutional question as to the power
and privileges of the Senate, and not a question
for the Chair to decide as a mere question of order;
but it is a question to be submitted to the consid-
eration of the Senate, whether the amendment
shall be received as in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have heard a great many
questions of order and questions of constitutional
power raised, which seemed to me to be very
strange. I endeavored to get some amendment to
the Treasury-note bill, but then there wasaques-
tion of order, a constitutional question raised. I
asked the Senator from Virginia at that time if it
would be in order and constitutional to introduce
in the Senate such a proposition as I then indi-
cated, and he said it would if it did not raise ihe
rates of duty. I continued to press the matter
until I had the assurance of the Senator that he
would go as far as he who went furthest to try to
prevent frauds 011 the revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I will say
that I will go for any measure that I think is de-
signed to prevent frauds on the revenue; but I cer-
tainly never meant to indicate to the Senator from
Rhode Island, (and if he so understood me he is
mistaken,) that it was my opinion we could ori-
ginate in the Senate bills designed to raise revenue.
I never entertained thatopimon; 011 the contrary,
I have stated, during the whole time the practice
of the Senate has been otherwise, and I thought
justly so.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would put this question to
the Senator from Virginia, and to the Senate: can
you introduce a bill to prevent fraud on the reve-
nue in any form, which will not increase the
amount of revenue collected ? Most assuredly, if
you succeed in accomplishing the prevention of
fraud, you increase your revenue.
Mr. HUNTER. That may be. You may in-
troduce a bill which is merely designed to prevent
fraud; but here is a proposition which is designed
to increase the revenue. That is the object, and
the Senator cannot deny it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it increases the revenue,
it does so only by preventing frauds.
Mr. HUNTER. And by raising the duty.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sn, I do not propose to
raise a single rate of duty in the whole tariff.
Not only do I not, by this proposition, undertake
to increase the rates of duty, but I do not propose
to change the principles of the existing laws on
the subject of the collection of the duties. The
whole theory of our present laws is based upon
the system of home valuation; and it is only by
the most mysterious and unaccountable conduct
ofthe officers of the Treasury, that the provisions
made on this subject, from time to time, by the
Congress of the United Slates,.have invariably
been evaded from the year 1799 to this time. No
matter what has been the form of the law, the
construction given by the Treasury Department
has always been in favor of the importers.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a de-
cision of the question of order. Let that be sub-
mitted to the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood it to be decided
that it was not a question for the decision of the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a question
for the Senate to decide.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the Chair to say
i that he would submit the question to the Senate
■whether they would receive the amendment,
j Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know that we are
i to take the dictum of the Senator from Virginia
as to the objects and purposes of my amendment;
i but 1 think i may be permitted to explain its ob-
jects, so that the Senate may understand whether
'or not it is a proposition to increase the rates of
duty.
JVlr. COLLAMER. 1 would suggest that, if
the constitutionality of a bill or an amendment is
not a question of order for the Chair to decide, it
is not a question of order which the Chair can
submit to the Senate. In the very case cited by
the honorable Senator from Virginia, a resolution
was introduced calling upon the Senate to pass
on the question; but it was not passed upon as a
question of order at all, either by the Chair, or put
by the Chair as such to the Senate. If this course
were allowable, it would put an end to the discus-
sion of almost any question; for a gentleman might
rise and say that he viewed it to be unconstitu-
tional, and insisted on having that point decided
before receiving the proposition. For example:
a gentleman might say that he viewed'it to be un-
constitutional to pass any law making any dis-
crimination for the purpose of benefiting Amer-
ican industry, and insist that that should be put
to the Senate as a question of order. I think
whether a proposition is constitutional or not is a
matter to be considered by the Senate, and by
each Senator in voting upon it after a full hearing.
Mr. SIMMONS. The instance cited "by the
Senator from Virginia, to show that we cannot
entertain the proposition which I have offered, ia
a most singular one, and it seems to me to have
no connection with my proposition. That was a
measure to reduce the duties 011 imports more
than one half. It was introduced in the early part
of the session of 1844, and was debated here for
three months—introduced purposely for debate,
and not with any view 011 the part of anybody here
to change the tariff. It was introduced to enable
gentlemen to make speeches which should control
the next presidential election. Then, for the first
time, the doctrine was inaugurated, or, at least,
! fully elaborated, that there was a certain revenue
! standard which should pervade all tariff measures
111 this country, 111 order to make them constitu-
tional. Without any two members of the Senate
who believed in this doctrine exactly agreeing,
they all seemed to consider that the revenue stand-
ard necessarily ranged from twenty to twenty-five
per cent.; and any departure from that range waa
considered unconstitutional by those who advo-
cated that measure. The party who took that
ground at that time, and who debated it during
the succeeding presidential canvass, succeeded.
When they came into power, they carried their
doctrine into practical effect by the tariff of 184G,
in which you will find this revenue standard vary-
ing from five to one hundred per cent.! That was
the practical carrying out of this great doctrine of
a constitutional revenue standard! I recollect
that debate very well; and 1 cannot imagine how-
it can be toituied into sustaining the present po-
sition of the Senator from Virginia. Upon his
rule of construction as to the constitutional power
of the Senate, he would deprive us of the power
to originate any measure to prevent frauds 011 the
revenue—to prevent smuggling even.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator from Rhode Island that perhaps it
would relieve the Chair from embarrassment in
the matter, if the question on the constitutional
power were submitted to the Senate at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
submits the question to the Senate, as he is author-
ized to do under an express rule of the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will argue that question to
the Senate, and undertake to show that the amend-
ment I propose to this bill is perfectly within our
power. I had hoped that I should have the as-
sent of the Senator from Virginia, in ui endea-
vor to relieve the present embarrassments of the
country, by preventing what is known to be an
extensive system of fraud upon the revenue by
the undervaluation of foreign imports. Every-
body knows it. I have not departed, in this
amendment, from the theory of our present laws
for the collection of the revenue and the enforce-
ment of the revenue laws. There is, in the pres-
ent laws, a provision which authorizes the col-
lector, if he has any suspicion of fraud, to take
the duties on the article itself, according to the
rate imposed upon that article, and sell it within
twenty days, in the market, and put the money
into the Treasury, as an equivalent for the duties.
I so far vary that provision, and so far only, as to
authorize the collector, or other proper officer, to
I do it, (for, I believe, we have a great many sur-
I vcyors m small ports where there is not a lull
