392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
be-the inherent laws of their nature. You cannot
change this law of nature.
Several years ago, Mr. Chairman, a half cen-
tury, perhaps, the French and English Govern-
ments, pursuing what has turned out to be a mis-
guided philanthropy, attempted to colonize the
negro, and giv,e him political power and sover-
eignty. -Whathas been the result? The expori-
mentresujted in afailare, and has been productive
of e vil instead of benefit to the black race. In 1794
the National Assembly of France enacted a law
emancipating Hayti. In order to show the effects
and consequences of that ill-advised legislation on
that garden spot of the world, the rich Island of
Hayti, I desire to direct the attention of the com-
mittee to a few statistics. I find, sir, t will repeat,
that Hayti was emancipated by the act of the
National Assembly of France in 1794. In 1789
the products of that island were as follows: of
clarified sugar, 47,516,531 pounds; in 1841, after
this system had been fully tested, of clarified sugar
not a pound. In 1789, of muscovado sugar,
93,573,300 pounds; in 1841, 1,363 pounds. Of
coffee, in 1789,'76,335,219 pounds; in 1841,
34,114,417 pounds. Of cotton, in 1789,7,400,274
pounds; in 1841, the inconsiderable quantity of
1,591,454 pounds. These statistics, sir, show the
effect of that emancipation act upon the Island of
Hayti. Following this example of France, Great
Britain, in 1833, emancipated the islands of the
West Indies, and amongst them the Island of
Jamaica and of Guiana. I have statistics to show
the effect of that act upon the resources, the
wealth, and the products of these places.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to state to the House, at
this point of the gentleman's speech,in reference
to the Island of Hayti, that the export commeice
of this country to that portion of the Island of
Hayti occupied by the free negroes, is $350,000
greater than the entire trade with Mexico, which
has eight millions population. The export to
Hayti, not including the Dominican Republic, for
1851, as shown by the book on Commercial Re-
lations printed by this House, was, of flour, eight
times more than to Cuba; of pork, six times more;
and of dry-goods, about twelve times as much.
This is the value of that island which has been
destroyed, as it is said, by the emancipation of
slaves.
Mr. GARTRELL. Conceding the gentleman's
statistics to be true, they Lint affirm the position I
have assumed on (his question. It is not how
much it takes to feed those negroes there, but
what they have made. That is the question—
not your exports to that country, but their ex-
ports.
Mr. BLAIR. They have been able to pay for
what they havegot, or else they never would have
received it from this country.
Mr. GARTRELL. They are supported by
their fostering Governments; and 1 will show the
gentleman that those Governments are tired of the
burden. But,sir, I pass on; I desire toshowby
statistics the effect of this emancipation statute on
the Island of Jamatcaand of Guiana. That statute
was passed in 1833. In 1833, in the Island of
Jamaica, they raised 1,140,700 ewt. of sugar; m
1849, fifteen years thereafter, 633,478 cwt. In
1833, 11,154,307 pounds of coffee; and in 1849,
3,399,093 pounds. In 1833,982 cwt. of molasses;
and ill 1849,102 cwt. In 1833, 2,450,272 gallons
of rum; and in 1849, 1,778,661 gallons.
The effect oil Guiana is more palpable. 1 wiU
not consume my time in reading the statistics in
regard to it. 1 will simply ask the reporters to
incorporate them in my printed remarks. I trust
gentlemen of the House will not object.
Guiana—Expoi
ve,,* Su^ar. Cojfee. Molasses. Cotton. Rum.
cwt. lbs. cut. b filet,. gallon*.
1836 71'3.800 4.801..T>0 3,196 2,9.vU20
1849 577,500 ' i>3,-2o3 1 - 1.8*2,1*2
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Missouri
read from Earl Grey's letters to show that this
colonizing scheme of the fiee blacks had succecdcd
in the Island of Trinidad. That, sir, was an ex-
ceedingly unfortunate example for the ease stated
by my friend from Missouri. J have an article,
which appeared 111 the Loudon Times of a late
date,-which disposes very summarily by facts and
arguments of the position assumed by that gen-
tleman in reference to Trinidad, it overthrows
altogether the predictions, the imaginings, and
fancy sketches alluded to by the- gentleman as
taken from Earl Grey's correspondence. The Lon-
don Times, the leading English journal, combats
the policy of the English Government in breaking
down 44 the slave system of the West Indies with-
out attempting to replace it witli a better," and
chronicles the fact that those " colonies are per-
ishing for the wantof labor." It says:
ii Our attention has been directed to a report ofthe coun-
cil on immigration lor the Island ot Trinidad, which shows
liow a Biiti&h colony may decay while all around it. is flour-
ishing. If Trinidad had remained under Spanish sway, it
might, in spite of t>ianny and misrule, he the wealfhy island
which its position and fertility would natuially make it.
But we Iwarn that, although the inland contains one million
two hundred and fifty thousand acres, yet the extent of all
the land now under cultivation is about fifty-two thousand
eight hundred and seven acres, and of this area the sugar
plantations cover only thirty-four thousand and fifty-nine
acres. The nntue number of agricultural laborers working
for wages in the cultivation of sugar and cocoa is only four-
teen thousand, of whom nearly eight thousand are immi-
grants fiom India and Cluua, introduced at the public ex-
pense."
And then speaking of the immigrants from China
and India, and eagerly craving their enslavement,
continues thus:
" ft is found that these are by far better laborers for wages
than the negro, who, it is stated,' will not be stimulated to
gteater industry by any increu-e of wages.' And at the
present time the planters would gladly obtain labor by an
advance of wages. The high price of sugar and other trop-
ical productions, has stimulated enteipnae.agieatei extent
of land is being brought under cultivation, and all that is
wanted for the development of the colony, is a supply of
hands. Such are the fertility and the abundance of land,
that ' the expense of establishing on vugin land, an estate
capable of pioducing two hundied and fifty hogsheads of
sugar, including thecost of machinery and buildings, would
not exceed £0.000 sterling ' But, with the present supply
of labor, even the present production of the colony cannot
be kept up."
These significant extracts but foreshadow the
disposition of the English Government to return
in this, the nineteenth century, to a system of
slavery more oppressive than the world has ever
seen.
That Government, satisfied that the experiment
has failed, is beginning to throw aside these mis-
guided notions of philanthropy. They are coming
up to the spirit of the age. They have had tune
to see the working, the effect, the conservative in-
fluence of domestic slavery in this country, not
only upon the South, but upon the North; and,
sir, I hazard nothing in the assertion here to-day,
and I appeal to my northern friends for the truth
of it, that slave labor and the pioducts of slave
labor have done more to build up your Lowells,
to aid in the construction of your lailroads, to
rear your cities, and make you as you justly are,
a proud, intelligent, Chiusticui people, than any-
thing else. I say that the cotton-bag has effected
more than all other powers together. That prop-
osition cannot be controverted; it will not he con-
troverted I have statistics, and can demonstrate
it clearly to any one, that the products of slave
labor have done morn, not only to elevate this
country in point of weakh-and enterprise, not
only to develop its resources, North as well as
fclouth, but,sir, they have done more to evangelize
and christianize the nation than all other causcs
combined. I see that some of our friends over
the way smile at the remark, [t is suggested by
a friend behind me that they are displeased with
the truth of it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to request him to read, in connection with what
he has already read from the Bible, the fifteenth
and sixteenth verses of the twenty-third chapter
of Deuteronomy, or to allow me to read them?
Mr. GARTRELL. I will let the gentleman
read them
Mr. LOVEJOY. They are as follows:
<v Jo. Thou shalt not deliver unto his mastei the servant
whien is escaped troin his master unto thee.
k* 16. He shall dwell with thee, even among you. in that
place which he shall choose, in one ot' thy gates where it
liketh linn best; thou shalt notuppresa him."
I would also like the gentleman to quote the
eighth commandment in connection with the
tenth.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will ask the gentleman
a question, and I hope he will answer it categor-
ically. Does the gentleman consider the African
equal to the white man >
.Mr. LOVEJOY. That depends altogether upon
his character, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman has read
from Deuteronomy to showthatthou shouldst not
deliver up a slave who escapes from his master.
I ask the gentleman whether he abides by that
text, or whether he abides by the Constitution of
his forefathers and mine, which says that the
runaway slave shall be delivered up?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I understood the gentleman
to say, in his speech, that the Bible wasa" higher
law," bindingevery one; and, in the second place,
I abide by the Bible and the Constitution, for the
Constitution says no such thing.
Mr. GARTRELL. The gentleman says that
he abides by the Bible and the Constitution. Then,
sir, he must go South, and settle upon our plant-
ations. We claim you as a slaveholder. We
claim you as an advocate of the principle and the
practice; for the Bible says—God, in the Bible,
Himself says: " Thou shalt not covet thy neigh-
bor's man-servant, nor his maid-servant;" and
further on it is expressly inculcated that slaves
owe obedience to their masters, and ought to ren-
der it; and, furthermore, that they shall be our in-
heritance, our possession, our bondmen forever.
But, Mr. Chairman, I desire to proceed very
briefly in my line of argument. I vpas apprehen-
sive that these quotations from Holy Writ might
occasion a little fluttering over the way. Itis well
enough, however, to revert occasionally to sound
principles—to go to the fountain-head.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. GARTRELL. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to forming out the
floor in this way.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman [Mr.
Gartrell] understand his quotations from Holy
Writ as applying to African slaves ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand them to apply
to all kinds of slavery; while the Africans were,
as 1 understand, the heathen spoken of and al-
luded to by the Scriptures.
Mr. STANTON. Then, as I understand the
gentleman, it is not a. question of color or race,
but a question of social condition.
"Mr. GARTRELL. Having disposed of this
branch of the question, and finding my time run-
ning short, I deem it unnecessary 
Mr. BURROUGHS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the gentleman be allowed
to finish his speech, and say all he has to say.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman; and I should be very much
obliged to the committee if it chose to extend to
me this unusual courtesy. I will not, however,
claim it. I cannot ask it at its hands.
But I desire to consider another question al-
luded toby the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Ri.air,] and it is but a repetition of the argument
that seems to have been current m the northern
States for many yeaj$. It is said, Mr. Chair-
man, very exultingly, too, that this institution of
slavery at the South has a demoralizing effect on
the social position of the people of that section.
1 deny it. I hold, sir, that the statistics of this
country show the reverse to be true. If crime,
if pauperism, if indigence, if want, if misery,
be evidences of demoralization, then to-day the
southern people occupy a proud position as con-
trasted with that of its accusers. I call the at-
tention of gentlemen to some statistics taken from
the census repoit of 1830. Under the head of
"crime," I find that in the northern States the
number of native-born persons convicted of crime
was ten thousand eight hundred and twenty-three;
while in the southern States they were but nine-
teen hundred and seventeen. The number of
foreign-born persons convicted of crime in the
northern States, was twelve thousand seven hun-
dred and eighty-nine; in the southern States but
eight hundred and ninety-four. The total num-
ber m the North being twenty-three thousand
six hundred and twelve, and in the slaveholding
States but two thousand eight hundred and eleven.
Then, sir, under the head of " pauperism," I find
that the number of native born paupers in the
northern States, m the same year, was fifty thou-
sand and twenty-three; while in the southern
States it was but sixteen thousand four hundred
and eleven. Of foreign-born paupers there were,
in the northern States, sixty-three thousand six
hundred and eighty-nine; and in the southern
States, four thousand eight hundred and forty-
nine. Total number of paupers in the northern
States, one hundred and thirteen thousand seven
hundred and twelve; in the southern States,
twenty-one thousand two hundred and sixty.
It is no pleasure to me to read these statistics;
