2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Government would require , the Secretary hos !
refused, in some instances, though not m ail, it :
seems, to commence the work Well, what is j
the condition of those localities? The work is
not begun, and therefore this Congress will make
no appropriations to commence it; but if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury could have been induced,
■where $100,000 liad been appropriated, to con-
struct a building which he ascertained it would
cost $150,000 to make of appropriate dimensions,
to commence the work and expend the $100,000,
then Congress, according to the principle adopted
by the Finance Committee, would come in and
appropriate the other $50,000 to complete the
work, because contracts had been made, and it
was in process of erection; but if he had done his
duty, and not used the money at all where the law
directed him not to make a contract, unless he
could make it for completing the work for the
amount appropriated, then he is not to be directed
to proceed and construct such a building as the
money would erect. I hope, sir, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York will be
adopted. 1 think it a most important one. 1
Mr. IVERSON. Is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York in a condition to be amend-
ed by a proviso ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Not at this time. It isan amendment to an amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on finance.
Mr. IVERSON. If the amendment prevails,
I understand I shall then have a right to amend it,
and I give notice that if it prevails, I shall move i
to attach a proviso to it in the following words: ]
Provided, The condition of the public finance* f-liull, ei
Iris (theScctetaiy of llie TreasuryM opinion, autllon/.e the
immediatecxpciiilituie, if necessary On tiie immediate pim-
ecution of said works.
It is true, Mr. President, that the Adniinistia-
tioil have determined not to commence works
which have not already been commenced, because
1 have it personally from the Secretary o( the
Treasury, and tlie Secretary of the Navy. They
have determined not to go on with works which
Congress have authorized to be constructed that
. havfTnot already been commenced. At what time
that determination was made, I am not informed,
but I suppose immediately after the great revul-
sion in our commercial aflatrs, when it was seen
that the Treasury would be in a deplorable con-
dition. I had occasion to apply to the Secretary
of the Navy on this subject, sometime since, by
the passage of a resolution of tins body, calling i
for information. It will be remembered tlnit at j
the last session of the last Congress «j\>00,000 was
appropriated for the construction of a naval depot
near Brunswick', Ueoig'ia. As no work had been j
commenced there, I called on the Secretary ol the
Navy to state the leasoiiswhy the woik had not
been commenced. In lesponse to that resolution,
the Secretary of the Navy, on ihe l.'Jtli of May, i
1K58, sent a communication to the Senate setting (
forth what had been done in that ease precisely j
as it is understood and stated here, has been done I
in the cose of the Ogdensbuig custom-house.
They have gone on and purchased a site; they :
liave bought the land on which the depot is to be j
erectcd, after a negotiation in relation to the price,
on ascertainment of the legal title, and a cession
of jurisdiction by the State of Georgia; but tliey
have not commenced the works which Congress
authorized to be constructed. The icnson why
that has not been done is disclosed in the com-
munication of the Secretary of tiie Navy, lie
says:
■■ In reply to the inquiry why the pomracneement of Ihe
neees^aiy works lias not been made, i would i-tnie that
there is no money in the Treasury winch can he applied lor
that purpose without rliveitini; it 1rem other mili-.peii<.able
objects. They fall within the clas- ol public u oi ks author-
ized by Congress, which not Imvina been commenced, it
is not "deemed expedient or pioper to commence during the
picsent condition of the Troa^uiy."
There is the whole of it. Congress has gone on
to appropriate money for the construction of this,
that, and other works: the Administration finds j
itself without the necessary means to complete j
them or to go on with them; and it determines to
suspend their construction until the Treasury gets
in a better condition. I think that is right. I i
make no issue whatever with ttie Secretary ot the i
Navy in relation to the construction of a naval '
depot at Brunswick, because I believe he has acted i
fairly and properly on the subject. The Admin-
istration find they have no money; the revenues
have fallen off nearly fifty per cent., and the Gov-
ernment has not the money to construct these
works. What is it to do? The Senator from
New York and the Senator from Illinois complain
that it exercises a discretion. That is not only
proper, but the executive officers are bound, from
necessity, to exorcise a discretion. Congress ap-
propriates so much money for this object, and so
much for another, and so much for another, and
appropriates altogether, fifty, or sixty, or seventy,
or eighty million dollars; and the Secretary of the
Tieasury finds that he has not got money enough
to carry out all these objects of appropriation.
What is he to do ? He must necessarily exercise
his judgmentas to how the money is to be applied;
he must of necessity, as well as of propriety, de-
termine which of these appropriations shall be
carried out; he must exercise his judgment, ac-
cording to the best dictates of his conscience, as
to what the public service demands; and this I
understand he has done, and it is just and proper
that he should exercise this judgment. The Gov-
ernment could notbe carried on in any other way.
If Congress demands of the Executive to perform
certain functions, and does not place the money
111 his possession to perform them, I wantto know
how he is to do it? Gentlemen on the other side
come forward here and appropriate large sums of
money for the construction of certain works; the
money is not in the Treasury to accomplish the
object; and then they complain of the Secretary
that he does not do the works without the mom y
to accomplish ihem; and when the Secretary calls
on them to raise money by loans or Treasury
notes, they refn.'.e to do it. They say, '• we will
not give you a dollar; we will not vote you a loan;
we will not. vote you Tieasury notes; we will not
vote anythimr by which you may put additional
sums in the Treasury; but we demand of you to
carry out, these appropriations and expend the
money: we insist lliat you shall build the Ogdens-
burg custom-house, although you have not the
money, nor will we give you the means of doing l|
)t. " 'I'll is is a vei y cxn aoi d mat y docti me to me. I j
do not understand m what school of ethics, or ef ,,
morals, or of honor, or of honesty, the gen 11 e in en ;
have studied. They vote against eiery lull which ij
uuthon7.es the raising of money; they vote against u
the loan hill; they vote against the Treasury-note ,>
bill; they vote against everything by which the ,
Government call on you to put money in theTreas-
ury, in order to enable them to carry out these
objects; and yet they are all the tulle piling on j
appropriation after appropriation that the Gov-
ernment tire called upon to execute. I do not
undeistand that mode of fairness. If that is fan-
legislation, or a lair mode of dealing with the Ad-
ministration, I certainly have misundeistood the
true meaning of terms. 1 think that the Secir-
tary of the Treasury is entitled to exeicise his
discretion; the Government are bound to exercise
discretion when they are called upon to expend
money for vaiions objects of appiopriatioii. If
they have not money enough to carry them ail
out, they must select those winch, in their juug-
ment, the public exigency and the public service
di uiaml. If they did not do that, tliey would lie
subjei t to a public odium under which no Admin-
istiaiio.1 could ecor stand. (
I give notice, that if the amendment of the Sen-
ator"lioiu New York prevails, if he wants this
amendment of his for the purpose of calling the
attention of the Secretary of the Treasury to this
wolk, it" he wants it lor the purpose of stimu-
lating him to the construction of this work when
means are provided, of if lie wants it for the pur-
pose of preventing the lap-^e o! the appropriation,
kpe, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Ilarlan, King, Trumbull,Wade,
and Wilson—13.
NAYS—t«. A'len, Rijlpr, Rrown, Clay, Cimsman,
Pavr-, Fiicli, Fiizp'Unck. G'een,G\vm, Hammond, Ilayne,
Houston. Hunter, Jvoison, Johnson oi'Tenne.-see,Mallory,
Peai ce, Push, Ucid, Rico, Sei>.uii;ui, Shdell, Stuait.Thomp-
?<>n of Kentucky, Tiiomsou of New Jersey, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—2U.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee, as follows:
For continuing the extension of the Treasury building,
$500,000.
For continuing the work on the cufctom-house at New
Oi leans, Louisiana, $350,000.
Foi continuing the work on the custom-house at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, $300,000.
For the completion of cu?tom-houscs at the following
places, namely: at Ellsworth, Manic,;$-2,000; at Portsmouth,
New Hiunpslr.ro, $">3,^C0 ; at Oiiatol, "Rhode Island, includ-
ing feneni" and grading. >."3,000; at New Haven, Connect-
icut.!*60.o30; at Cmvc2o,Ncw y<>ik,ftJO.OOO ;at PlattM>in<?,
New Yoik, %10.000 ; at Newaik, Now Je^ey, $10,000 : at
Norfolk, Virginia, $-20,000 ; at Pensacola. Florida. $5,000 ;
at St. Louis, MisMnm, $-20,000; at Mobile, Alabama, in-
cluding fencing and paving, $30,000; at Galena, Illinois,
$10,000 ; at Milwaukee,Wisconsin, $10,000; and for annual
lepairs at custom-houses, .^15,000.
For the completion of marine hospitals at the following
places,namely: at Poitlaud,Maine,$tf,000; at St. Maik's,
Flonda, ^,500; at New Oilran«,Louisiana, including till-
ing up Site, grading, nitioducin? gas and water pipes, and
fixtures, and feucinff, ^85,000; at Cincinnati, Ohio, $.-)0.000;
at Galena, Ilhnoif., ^5,000 ; and for annual ropaiis at maune
hospitals,HOG.
l-'or l'enceig, grading, paving, and furnishing the eu-:totn-
hou-es attlie tollowiiti; places, namely: at ElKwoi th.Maine,
: 3,000; at I'.ath, iManic, (fnr furniture aione.) $1,100; ut
bile, Alabama, (lor I'lirintiiie alone.) $7,600; at t'en-acola,
Flonda, Sr.!,.">00 ; at St. Louis, Ml^oun, $14.000; at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, <J3.900; at Cleveland, Ohio, $'7,100 ; at
Galena. Illinois,.$3,700; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, §7,700.
For fencing, gtnding, paving, and furnishing, the maune
hospitals at the following pl.lccs, namely : at Binlinutun,
Vcimoiit, $3,400; at Chelt-ea, Ma-.'-aehllsotts. (out build-
ings, grading, and fencing,) $19.700; at St. Maik's, Flonda,
,$1,200; at Dctioit, Michigan, ^7.500; ai Galena, liln.oi- ,
,4:1,801); at ISuihllKtoll, loiva, $4,100.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment. It contains this clause:
" For continuing the woik on the custom house at New
Oilcans. Louisiana, $350,000.''
I want to add these words;
And the superintendent of the said custom house shall
act as coillinisjsiouei and dlsbiusuig agent ut the same.
This amendment proposes to giant $350,000 to
continue the woik on the custom-house at New
Oi leans, oil which $2,675,000 have already been
expended. If it should pass, $3,025,00(1 will have
been granted for building the custom-house at
New Orleans. This is a most extraordinary ex-
' peniliture. The custom-house at New York cost
$100,000; the custom-house at Boston $1,100,00(1;
and here is an expenditure for New Oileans that
will amount, it this amendment be adopted, to
$3,023,000, and the report says it will lost
| $3,5228,000 to complete it. I find that there is a
commissions and disbursing agent appointed at
: a salary of $5,000 a year; and that £6,000 a year
i of the money appropriated to build this custom-
house is used for what seems to be no service at
all. Theie is a superintendent with a salary of
ten dollars per day, amounting to $3,630 a year.
The superintendent can act as commissioner and
as disbursing agent for that building, and I think
there is more fitness that he should, than that
anybody else should be appointed. Your officer,
Captain Meigs, employed on this Capitol, and m
the construction of the aqueduct to this city, at a
salary of about two thousand eight hundred dol-
larsa year, acts as superintendent and disbursing
agent. Two years ago this last month, Mr. Guth-
rfVUiiWIli: lilJ^ VM UK. u HUIV "r> . r
it the money «oini? into the surplus fund ,j no. discontinued the paymcn of eight dollais a
• .... | for a cominissio'i(ji.' of this building. Mr.
1 Pcnn, of Louisiana, was commissioner and dis-
; bursins; agent at sixteen dollars a day—$6,000 a
year. "Mr. Outline discontinued, 111 April, 1856,
! the pay as commissioner, and this gentleman was
| allowed ei^ht dollars a day as disbursing
which amounts to $3,000 a year. In April, 185/,
■ ! Mr. Cobb restored the pay to the commissioner,
and reappointed this gentleman with a salary of
! $6,000 a year as commissioner and disbursing;
i agent.
]\row, sir, tfic expenditures upon this custom™
i house have exceeded all bounds. ^ I here is no
justification for it, and if it existed in any other
'portion of the country we should have a storm ot
j denunciation about the extravagant appropna-
i tions expended there. Is it necessary to employ
to pu-vc w
at the expiration of tlx* unio at which the In w pro
vides such appropriations shall lapse, I propose
to add this pioviso of mine, still reserving a dis-
cretion in the Secretary of tiie Treasury to go on
with the works if the public finances will justify
it, and not otherwise.
Mr. PUG1I called for the yeas and nays, on
the amendment to the amendment; and they weie
ordered.
Mr. MASON. I have paired off on this ques-
tion with the Senator from NcwYoik, [Mr. Sew-
ard.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I have paired off witn the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. IJot.K.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 29; as follows:
Mesas. Bell, Biodenck, Cliandler, Dixon, Dar-
