440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 95,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
board of collection officers.) I provide that the
collector, or other proper officer, if he deems it
necessary to secure the just payment of the du-
ties required by law to be paia into the Treasury
of the united States, may take the duties on the
article itself, following the precise language of
the law now in existence. I hold that when a
collector believes that a man is fraudulently un-
dertaking to enter goods, the proper remedy is to
confiscate the goods themselves, and condemn
them. I understand that that practice is now
prevailing to some extent. I called the attention
of the Senator from Virginia to that provision
for taking the duties m kind, and he thought it
was a penalty. In that, I think, he is mistaken.
The penalties for undervaluation are in the two
preceding sections of the law.
According to the eighth section of the act of
1846, whenever the undervaluation amounts to
ten per cent, or upwards, the penalty provided is
a forfeiture of twenty per cent, of the amount of
the goods. Under the provision I propose, if a
man undervalues his goods nine per cent., though
he would not be subjected to a penalty, the col-
lector would have power to take the duties m
kind. The present laws provide that the officers
shall receive no compensation for this service, and
for that reason they do not do it. I propose to
give the collector and appraisers one per cent, of
the proceeds of those sales as a compensation for
doing this service, with a view that they may have
some interest in guarding the revenue. Is that
unconstitutional ? Can we not give the collectors
and appraisers one per cent, whenever they re-
sort to a more certain mode of collecting the rev-
enue, though a more difficult and laborious one ?
I think we can. Under the existing law, we can
take the duties in kind according to the rates im-
posed, and put the proceeds into the Treasury.
Take the case of one hundred tons of pig iron
imported into New York. If the collector thinks
there has been an evasion, and it is necessary for
him to take the duties on the article itself, he takes
twenty-four tons of that iron, and sells it in the
market, under the present law; and he gets the
■wholesale market price in the city of New York
for those twenty-four tons of iron, which is the
legal duty payable on the importation under the
present law. I only carry out the same principle.
There is another provision in my amendment
•which 1 do not think disturbs the principle of the
tariff bill at all, by which importers may value
their entire invoices, and retain that portion that
we have a right to take for duties, provided they
satisfy the officers of the customs that the United
States will not be injured thereby. If they make
out a sworn invoice, stating the value of the mer-
chandise they import, and the collector is satisfied
that it is a fair one, I propose that the collector may
abstain from resorting to what he is now author-
ized to resort to—the taking of the duties in the
article itself, and, instead of that, let the importer
retain the whole of them, and pay to the collector
the value of that portion which he is now al-
lowed to take. That is the whole change pro-
posed to be made in the existing law; and i should
like to know if there is any constitutional objec-
tion to our permitting an importer to retain the
whole of his invoice, rather than for us to take
twenty-four per cent, of it, if he satisfies the col-
lector that he pays him as much money as twenty-
four per cent of the article would bring in the
market? If it is constitutional to take twenty-
four tons of iron out of a hundred for the duty, '
it is constitutional for us to provide a mode by i
which the importer can retain the twenty-four j
tons of iron, and pay us their equivalent in money I
•—■one is just as constitutional as the other. That'
law has been in existence the last sixteen years, j|
and I have yet to hear the first strict construe- :|
tionist or abstractionist dispute its constitution- j]
ality. No man ever thought of disputing it. I '
dare say the Senator from Virginia, if he was in
Congress at that time, voted for it. He certainly
voted for the tariff of 1846, which included it.
Here is the penalty in the tariff of 1846, that I
have provided, in the same language, for an un-
dervaluation exceeding ten per cent. Pretty nearly
all these provisions are in the existing laws, with
the single exception that instead of taking the.
duties in kind, I provide a mode by which the
importer may retain the whole invoice, satisfying
the collector that he pays the fair market value
for that portion which, by existing laws, we have
a right to take as duties.
I acknowledge that I have not a very nice mind
to discriminate about constitutional scruples. I
generally try to keep about right and honest, and
I think that is constitutional; but it may not an-
swer in these days. 1 have heard a great many
speeches here about the unconstitutionality of
improving a river or a harbor in our own coun-
try; and yet, at this very session, a law has passed
through Congress for paying light-house dues in
Denmark. It passed through this body so quickly
that I could not get a chance to say a word. W e can
pay light-house dues in Denmark, but we cannot
light our own coast because of constitutional scru-
ples ! I prefer to take care of our own country,
rather tkan support the light-houses of any other,
and I believe it is more constitutional to do it.
When a man does not want anything to pass, it
is a very easy matter to raise a constitutional
question. All I have to say is, that if it be uncon-
stitutional to prevent fraud for the reason that
if you succeed in preventing it you increase the
money in your Treasury, then you might as well
give up that frauds are not to be prevented by any
action of this body. It is the first time I ever
heard that there was any constitutional barrier to
preventing frauds.
The Senator from Virginia yesterday went into
an exposition of the revenue system of the coun-
try. I think he can have no doubt, that with our
present rates of duty, we shall need all the reve-
nue we can collect by a home valuation or foreign
valuation. He can have no doubt that the
revenue we can get is wanted for the actual ex-
penses of the Government, without any danger
of piling up a surplus. I had hoped that if a
measure could be framed to secure to honest im-
porters the trade of this country by preventing
frauds oil the revenue, at the same time inereas-
ingthe means in the Treasury, I might obtain the
aid and support of the friends of the Administra-
tion in accomplishing these desirable objects.
I have said all that I propose to say on the con-
stitutional question; and it is suggested to me
that perhaps it would be proper to take the sense
of the Senate on that point befoie I proceed to
elaborate and explain what will be the operation
of my proposition if adopted. Some gentlemen
around me think I had better go on and explain
its operation at once; but my health is not very
good, and I should not object to being spared un-
necessary labor.
Mr. HUNTER. It was not my purpose to
prevent the Senator from speaking. I shall listen
to him with great pleasure now; and when he
concludes, I shall raise the question of order. I
shall waive it for the present, if he prefers going
on now.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was with a view of pre-
venting waste of breath that it was suggested to
me we had bettertake thoquestion first. I should
hope that, if there were no constitutional obsta-
cle, I could induce every man who has examined
the subject to support this proposition. I did
not exactly understand the Senator from Virginia
this morning, when he interposed with a view of
explaining some mistakes he had made yester-
day. I undei^tond him to say yesterday that he
contemplated for next year's revenue $20,000,000
for the first six months, and $33,000,000 for the
last six months; making $52,000,000 for the entire
year.
Mr. HUNTER. I estimated yesterday that,
for the next fiscal year, if there should be a revi-
val of trade, we had a right to expect $52,000,000
from customs.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the Senator's an-
ticipation under all the circumstances, and that
we should get ten or twelve millions from public
lands. a He said this morning that he was mis-
taken as to the amount from lands.
Mr. HUNTER. I estimated $.7,000,000 for
lands for the present fiscal year, and in that I was
mistaken. They do not estimate so much at the
Department for this year; but they do estimate
§10,000,000 for the next fiscal year. •
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood the Senator to
say that, although he made a mistake of some
two millions in the lands, he underestimated the
receipts from customs.
Mr. HUNTER. For the present year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, the bill is not for the
purpose of providing for the present year. I lis-
tened to the Senator's estimate, and to his general
views as to the increase of the trade of the coun-
try. He thinks that within eight months from this
time the revenues from customs will be at the rate
of |64,000,000 per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I can reckon the months,
we shall commence the last two quarters of the
next fiscal year in eight months from this time;
and the Senator said that in the first two quarters
of the next fiscal year he estimated §20,000,000
from customs.
Mr. HUNTER. I made no estimate for the
first two quarters. I said the Secretary of the
Treasury estimated the first two quarters at that;
but I made the estimate for the year, not dividing
it into quarters.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator said he set
down the receipts for the last two quarters of the
year at $32,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I set down the whole year
at $52,000,000; but I did not divide it into quar-
ters.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator adopted the
estimates made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
$20,000,000 from customs, $5,000,000 from lands,
and $15,000,000 of a loan by this bill; making
$40,000,000 of receipts for the first two quarters
of the next year; and he estimated an expendi-
ture of $37,000,000 for the same time.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave that as the estimate
of the Secretary—not my own.
Mr. SIM MONS. The Senator gave $52,000,000
for the whole year; and if I can put the figures
together, it amounts to $20,000,000 for the first
two quarters, and $32,000,000 for the last two.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will look into
my remarks as reported, he will find that I said
nothing about the last two quarters. I made the
estimate for the whole year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, adopting the Secre-
tary's estimate for the first half, it must be that
the calculation is that we are to have $32,000,000
from customs for the last two quarters of next
year.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say I adopted it. I
gave my estimate for the whole year, and his
estimate for six months. It might be that I
expected more than $20,000,000 in the first six
months.
Mr. SIMMONS. Putting the two statements
together, they make out one year; and the Sena-
tor may divide it as he pleases. I divide it as the
Senator did himself, and I was surprised to hear
it said that the last two quarters of the next fiscal
year might be expected to yield $32,000,000 from
customs, so that if there should be a gradual im-
provement m the condition of our country, it
would be reasonable for us to expect more than
$64,0005000 for the four quarters commencing in
January next. Putting these facts together, I was
astonished at the Senator's proposition to make
this loan for fifteen years; and therefore I asked
him yesterday if, with his notions about the in-
come of the Government, he would think it judi-
cious to make a loan for fifteen years, pledging
the country for an amount of interest nearly equiv-
alent to the principal. I do not want to elaborate
the point, but that was the reason I asked the
question.
I know that when the Treasury-note bill was
passed, it was urged upon the ground that it was
a temporary matter, for the use of a year or two
years, to authorize the issue of those notes for a
year from next January; and I thought that if
there was any soundness in such a calculation, it
was the worst argument in the world in favor of a
fifteen years' h>an. That is the way I reasoned.
When I heard the Senator from South Carolina say
that he knew of a friend who had been cut off in his
income the present six months, and would realize
his full income after the 1st of July—and he put
it to the Senator from Vermont if he would not
hire money to maintain his family in the interim—
I wanted merely to suggest to the Senator if he
would think such a man, if he was prudent, would
give his note for fifteen years if he expected a
full income m the next six months? No, sir; he
would give a short note, and pay it at the end of
