1478
THE CONGRESSIONAR GLOBE.
April 5,
ry!an<], Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Durfee,
En hili, Eustw, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Gilman,
JGoffch, Goodwin, Granger, Robert 13. Hall, Harlan. J. Mor-
rison Harris, Ilasfcm, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kel-
logs, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Loiter, Lovejoy,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
3WOITH, Isaac N. Morris, Oliver A.M(ttse,Mur'ay, Nichols,
Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Quitman,
Jticaud, Kitchie, Itobhins, Roherts, Iloyce, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Jurtson VV. Sherman, Stanton,
William Stevvait, Tliayer, Thompson, Tompfems, Trippe,
Wade,Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C.Washburn, Elliiiu
B. Washburn'e, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—89.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rule was not suspended.
Mr. GOODE. I shall submit a motion which
X hope will meet with the approbation of this
House—on that side as well as upon this. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made the
special order of the day for Wednesday next,
and from day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. COLFAX. • I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia a question.
Mr. GOODE. I wish to say to gentlemen that
X hope, notwithstanding the vote which has just
been taken, that in consideration of the absolute
necessity of a police for this city, the House—
gentlemen upon the other side as well as on this—
will, by a two-thirds vote,make this billaspecial
order.
Mr. POTTLE. I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia that we arc ready to act upon it to-
day—at least I believe that to be the sentiment
upon this side of the House. We desire that, the
bill shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that
we may offer some amendments, but we are ready
to act to-day.
Mr. GOODE. We cannot set on this bill in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to-day, because the deficiency bill is in the way.
I will move, however, if that meels the views of
gentlemen, that the biil be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for to-day.
Mr. FOSTER. I would inquire whether the
bill has been pi 111toil >
. The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
the motion of the gentleman fiom Virginia. I
want to see ihe bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to ask a question
of the gentleman from Virginia. It must bo evi-
dent to the gentleman that there are gieat objec-
tions to this bill, on this side of the House, and
perhaps he can remove them by an answer. I
would like to know whether he has any guarantee
that this police force, if authorized by Congress,
will be a non-partisan police—that is to say, that
it will be selected from the best men, regardless
of party considerations? We have a partisan
police in this city now, and we want no more such;
for human life is as unsafe here as it is in the
Alps or the Apennines. Gentlemen upon this side
of the House will cooperate with him in the es-
tablishment of a good and efficient police force.
Mr.'GOODE. I can not give the gentleman any
guarantee on the subject. The police are to be
appointed by the chief; and I can only say that
it is not desired, by any party within my knowl-
edge, that the force should be of a partisan char-
acter. The whole object is to piovide an effect-
ual police for the city. 1 disdain to bung paity
or religious considerations into the question.
Mr. BURNETT. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I desire to state to the
gentleman from Indiana, that this bill was agreed
on unanimously, as 1 understand, by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and that the
object of that committee in reporting fhe bill was to
give to the city of Washington an efficient police,
without reference to anything like party.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why should
the Government be called upon to pay the ex-
penses ?
Mr. BURNETT. The reason why we put a
provision in the bill that Government should pay
for it was  
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. What is the mo-
tion pending ?
The SPEAKER. To refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Can that motion
be entertained without a suspension of the rales?
The SPEAKER. The only other dispositions
that can be made of it are, to recojnmit, to lay on
the table, and to postpone.
Mr. LEITER. I would suggest to the friends
of the bill that perhaps we had better agree on
some time. I voted against the suspension of the
rules, because we have not had time to consider
the bill. It is such an important measure that I
think we ought to act promptly. But I am un-
willing to act on such an important measure in-
considerately—a measure which might bring on
the country evils greater than those we are trying
to provide against. I have not consulted any gen-
tleman on this side of the House, but I would
suggest that the bill be committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and its consideration fixed for Wednesday next,
and until disposed of.
Mr. GOODE. I agree to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can-
not be done without a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. It requires a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to say to my colleague
that general debate on the deficicncy bill will term-
inate on Tuesday evening. The five minutes'
debate then comes on, which will occupy all of
Wednesday.
Mr. GOODE. Well, say Thursday. I wish
to say, in all candor, to the gentleman from Ohio,
that 1 have no wish to force this bill on the House
without due consideration. 1 am very willing to
have its consideration fixed for Wednesday or
Thursday, with the understanding that it shall
proceed from day to day until disposed of. But
it is suggested that the deficiency bill will be under
consideration on Wednesday. I hope, therefore,
that the gentleman from Ohio will be willing to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union now, when wo will have an opportu-
nity of considering,seriatim, the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. LEITER. The bill is not printed; and,
for one, I am unwilling to consider it until it is
printed and before us.
Mr. GOODE. Very well; let it go till Wed-
nesday.
Mr. LEITEPi. I would suggest further—al-
though I know that the emergency is a great one
—that wo postpone this matter till an eaily day
next week, when the deficiency bill will have been
disposed of; and then let us consider it and per-
fect in such a manner as will make it effectual.
Mr. GOODE. How many murders will be
perpetrated between this time and next week ?
Mr. LEITER. Not more, on an average, than
one and a half a day, and we can probably stand
that till that time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Since I have been a mem-
ber of this House, we have been making appro-
priations for the police of this city; and the great-
est performance that I ever knew them to do, was
to catch negroes, or surprise them attending church
at a late hour of the night. If they were told that
there was a fugitive slave in the city, every one
of them would be on the alert. I am opposed to
making a special order for the protection of sla-
very within the Distiiet. If the bill restoies to
freedom the slaves held here, I will vote for it.
Mr. 13ARKSDALE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am sorry for that.
Mr. RARKSDALE. I object to any debate
that is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in some doubt
as to whether, pending n question to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the general merits of the question can be
discussed. The Chair refers the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gipdings] to the 133d rule, which di-
rects that all proceedings touching appropriations
of money shall be first discussed in Committee of
the Whole House. The Chair is of opinion that
it would be, perhaps, straining the rule to allow
the meriis of the question to be discussed at this
stage of the bill except the House had suspended
the operation of the rule requiring it to be consid-
ered first in Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not intend to discuss
the question. I merely objected to its being made
a special order.
Mr. KILGORE. I would suggest to tbe gen-
tleman over the way that we might harmoniously
agree to remove the capital of the nation to some
place where the people will protect themselves
without calling on the Government to take care
of them. I will pledge myself that, if they locate
the capital in my State, we will not call upon the
Government to supply a police force to protect
the citizens from the violence of ruffians. I sug-
gest that, by way of compromise 
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the pending motion to be to make
this bill a special order for next Wednesday, I
object to debate on that motion, as questions re-
lating to priority of business q^ust be put without
debate.
Mr. DEAN. I move the previous question.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I desire to
submit a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the gentleman
from New York voted with the side that failed,
and therefore cannot submit the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had voted
with the prevailing side, in the opinion of the Chair,
he could have submitted the motion. The Chair
doubts whether a motion to reconsider a vote re-
fusing to suspend the rules could be made.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. And particularly
after the bill has been received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that the motion, in the form in which it was made
by the gentleman from Virginia, to make the bill
a special .order for Wednesday next, cannot be
entertained,except by unanimous consent, or by
a suspension of the rules, and that it will require
a suspension of the rules to make this bill a special
order after it has been referred, if the House
chooses to refer it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question will then first
be stated on the motion to refer, and the previous
question will only apply to that motion. The gen-
tleman from Virginia may then submit the motion
to suspend the rules to make it a special order.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my colleague indulge
mea moment to make some proposition by which
this bill shall not interfere with the consideration
of the deficiency bill?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question came from the other side of the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose to submit a motion
to postpone the further consideration of the defi-
ciency bill until we can get the information which
we want.
Mr. LETCHER. We can get that by to-mor-
row morning.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. LEITER. I am not willing to stand by
and see this bill sacrificed. I think we can comev
to some compromise.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is, that the House having re-
fused to suspend the rules to consider the bill
immediately; under the rule which provides that
alt bills making appropriations shall be first con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole House, the
bill goes there of necessity, without a question.
The SPEAKER. The bill would go to the
Speaker's table if no motion be made with refer-
ence to it. It might be recommitted, orpostponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. If no motion be made, in
the regular routine of business, I think it goes to
a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. It would go,in the opinion
of the Chair, to the Speaker's table.
Mr. FOSTER. Would it be in order to move
to print it'
The SPEAKER. It would not at this stage of
the proceedin<rs.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay the bill on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 171; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brayton, Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Cuitis, DamrelI,Davisof IVIaiyland,English, Gianger, Uar-
lan, Haakins, Kellogg, Kileore, ICnapp, Lovejoy, Morgan,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac "N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Pettit, Potter, tluitman, Aaron Shaw, Judson \\. faneiman,
Robert Smith, Stanton, William Stowait, Thayer, i oils-
kins, Wade, Waldron, and Elli.hu B. Washbume—o3.
