1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Andrews, At-
kins, Averv, Barksdale, Bennett, Billinglmrst, Bingham,
Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Boeock, Bonham, Bowie, Branch,
Bryan, Buffmton, BurHnpamc, Burnett, Burns, Caso, Cas-
kie, Chapman, John B. Claik,Cla\vson, Clay, Cobb, Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockoull, CoUax, Comins,
Coming, Covorlp, Cox, James Craig. Burton Craige, Craw-
ford, Cuiry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dtimrnek,
Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, bu&tis,
Farnsworth, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Foley, roster,
Gamctt, Gartrell. Giddings, Gillis, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodc, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg, Groebbeck, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Moirison Ilarris,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Hoi ton,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly,
Kelscv, Jacob M. Kunkcl, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Lawrence, Leach, Lcidv, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, Mc~
Queen, Humphrey Maisball, Matteson, Maynard, Mdlor,
Millson, Mooie, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack,
Olm, Palmer, Paiker, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
X'ike, Pottle, Powell,Reagan, rieiIIy,Ricaud,Rolibiiis, Rob-
erts,Royce, RutHn, Rusocll, Sundidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Sealing, ileniv M. Shaw, John Sliennari, Siek les,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tappan,
Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn,' Watluns, White, Wlliteley, Wil-
son, Wood, Woodson. VVortendyke, Augustus It. Wuglit,
John V. Wiight, and Zollicoffer—171.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GOODE. I now desire to offer this reso-
lution, connected with the vote which has just
been taken. Every member of this House is de-
sirous of having an efficient police for the city of
Washington, at as early a day as possible. 1 ask
the consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the bill of tlie House, providing for the
establishment of an auxiliary guard in tin; city of Wash-
ington, be made a special ouler, to take effect as soon as the
deficiency lull, now pending, is disposed of, and shall so
continue fioin day to day, until finally disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. GOODE, I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to fix a .special
order for a time when another question is dis-
posed of, without fixing a particular day ?
The SPEAKER. The time to make objections
as to the particular form of the resolution will be
when the resolution comes up for consideration.
The Chair will, however, indicate to the gentle-
man from Ohio that, in his opinion, the phrase-
ology of the resolution is m confoimity to the
rules of the House. It fixes a specific and defi-
nite time when the special order shall commence;
at a time, namely, when a .particular bill now
pending in committee shall be disposed of.
Mr. STANTON. W ill the special order com-
mence as soon as the deficiency bill is disposed
of m the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; or must the deficiency bill go to the
House first?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order in the
committee as soon as the deficiency bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—ayes 24,
noes 154.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were then suspended—ayes 123, noes
40.
Mr. GOODE demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operauon thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. Everybody seems desirous that
this bill shall be scrutinized; and that every mem-
ber may have a copy, I move that it bo printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CENSUS OF 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
IInolred, That a <=p cial eommittoe of five be appointed
by the ('ban, to continue duini1; this Congicss, wlio^e duty
it shall be to mquue into tin' best mode of taking the eensu-
of I860, with leave to report by bill or otherwise, during the
session of Congress commencing on the first Monday of
December next.
Mr. KEITT. I object to the resolution, simply
because it is provided for by law.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The present law
is defective, and admitted to be so on all hands.
I move to suspend the rules.
The rules-were not suspended; there being, on
a division—ayes 103, noes 80.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW YORK LEGISLATURE.
Mr. SICKLES presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, in relation to offi-
cers of the revolutionary army; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
STENOGRAPHER FOR SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee on the Wilkins's Point investigation, have di-
rected me to report the following resolution to the
House:
Resolved, That the committee appointed to investigate
the facts and circumstances connected with the sale and
puieliase at Wilkins's Point, New York, by the Govern-
ment, for fortification purposes, in Ihe year 1857, be author-
ized to employ a stenographer at tlie usual compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood, when
this committee was appointed, that the intention
was not to examine more than three witnesses.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman is altogether
mistaken. That was the committee to investigate
certain charges in reference to the purchase of the
Pennsylvania bank building for a court-house,
&c. On this Wilkins's Point committee it is found
impossible to get along without a stenographer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has this commit-
tee a right to report at any time?
Mr. FLORENCE. The resolution is in.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that you have
a stenographer.
Mr. FLORENCE. We have; and now we
want to pay him. We go on the rule that the-
laborer is worthy of his hire.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection the res-
olution cannot come in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to 'suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
have employed a stenographer without authority.
Mr. FLORENCE. The thing is all fair; and
to give gentlemen time to see its justice, I move
thetlouse adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at half past three
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 6,1858.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Susdi.ri.and, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate,"information as to the condition of
the United States ship Franklin; which was read,
and, on motion of Mr. Seward, was refened to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Canajoharie, New York, praying for the enact-
ment of a general bankrupt law, for the relief of
insolvent debtors; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on .the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Liv-
ingston county, New York, for the enactment of
a iaw granting pensions to the soldiers of the wa^
of 1812, and the widows of those deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Seneca county, New York, praying that pensions
may be granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812
who served from three to eighteen months; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Henry R.
Schoolcraft, late acting superintendent of Indian
affairs in Michigan, praying to be allowed a com-
mission on disbursements; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented four petitions of inhab-
itants ef "Vermont for the establishment of a mail
route from Castleten to Sudbury, in that State-,
which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial ef
William M. Varnum, agent of the State of Geor-
gia, praying that the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be authorized to ascertain and pa^
the amountuue to that State for money advanced
in the suppression of Indian hostilities; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of Amos
Kendall,supplemental to the memorial of the
Magnetic and New England Union Telegraph
Companies; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and a motion by Mr. Bigler to
print it was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Hczcluah Miller, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Noah
Smith, reported a bill (S. No. 240) for the relief
of Noah Smith, late a private in the Army of the
United States; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a privileged question, which I think
is important in its character, not only in the
present instance, but as a precedent for the ac-
tion of the officers of the Senate. On inquiry, I
learn that the bill for the admission of Kansas
into the Union as a State, although acted upon
definitely by this body on Friday of last w.eek, is
still in possession of the Senate; that it is retained
here upon the motion of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] stating that he
reserves his right to move to reconsider the vote.
Now, sir, the right—I speak of a strict right—in
such a question, in my judgment, is simply this:
it is the right of a Senator to move a reconsidera-
tion within two succeeding days of actual session
after the vote is taken. The rule, however, puts
another limitation. The motion must be made
within two days; but the rule fixes also another
limitation, which is, that no motion to reconsider
shall be made after the bill or paper has gone out
of the possession of the Senate. But this gives
no 1 ight to retain a bill here at the request or sug-
gestion of a single Senator.
There has been a courtesy of the Senate, and I
! think a very proper one, which, upon a suggestion
! to the Presiding Officer, has authorized the reten-
i tion of a bill until a Senator could have an oppor-
! tunity in actual session to make his motion to
j reconsider. But if the Senate now adopts the
! idea that, upon the suggestion of a Senator, any
: bill can be retained here for two days after it is
acted upon, then it is in the power of any Senator
to defeat any measure which passes the Senate
within two days of the end of a session. If he
voted in the affirmative, and says to the officer, " I
reserve my right to move to reconsider, and I
insist that that light lasts for two days," he can
defeat a measure and you have no way to prevent
it. The rules must, as a matter of course, be
constructed connectedly—connectedly with the
business of the Senate. The order of the Senate
in every case, on the passage of a bill, is that the
Secictary communicate the bill to the House of
Representatives, when it is finally acted upon.
That is the order of the Senate. Now there is no
rule 
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I risetoaques-
tion of order. This subject is evidently occupy-
ing the time that should be devoted to the business
of'thc morning hour; besides, I have never seen
! the Senate more empty than it is now, and I ask
| whether it is in order to proceed with this matter,
j and cut off the presentation of petitions, the sub-
mission of reports, and morning business gen-
! erally? I do not think it ism order, and I raise
1 the question.
' Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest to the Senator from
I Arkansas that this question can probably be dis-
! posed of at once. If it should be likely to lead
j to any argument or controversy, or i f there is any
i difTiculty'm it, it can be postponed.
