1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
but I read them not only in defense, but in justi-
fication of the system of domestic slavery as it
exists in my section, and which I am hereto-day
ready and prepared to defend against all comers
and goers. I say thatl regret this state of things.
I do not refer to them to the disparagement of the
intelligence, morality, enterprise, or industry of
our northern brethren. They are exempt from it
as much as most people are. I honor them for
their intelligence; I honor them as Christian peo-
ple; I honor them for their enterprise; I honor
them when they stand by the Constitution of our
fathers. But when they seek,as some have sought
on this floor, andas others seek elsewhere,to wage
war on the constitutional rights of my people, I
may be permitted to tell them of their own faults,
and to cite the records of their own misfor-
tunes.
But I will not stop here, sir. I will read to you
an extract from a report made by a committee ap-
pointed a few years ago by the legislature of
New York, and which report throws a great deal
of light on this question. This report shows:
"It seems that a committee was sent by the Legislature of
New York to look into the condition of the lower and work-
ing classes of the city, They report, April 4,185b, that in
twenty-two distjicts twelve hundred tenement houses arc
occupied by ten families each, in some by seventy families,
others one hundred, and in one, in particular, one hundred
and forty-six families, or more than an average of one fam-
ily and a half to each room! But let the committee speak :
" ' In the houses visited by your committee, sights, were
presented to them alike startling and painful to behold. In
many, whites and blacks were living indiscriminately togeth-
er; negro men with white, women, and while men with negro
women. Young faces, haggard with want and sickness, and
bearing that peculiar look of premature old age unpaited
by early sin, gazed at tlicm from every corner ; misery and
vice in their most repulsive features met them at every stop.
Scarcely an apartment was tree from sickness and disease,
and the blighting curse of drunkenness had fallen upon
almost evciy family. Ueie and there misrhi be found, it h
true, some attempt at cleanliness, some display of a love of
home, some evidences ot mdustiy and sobriety, with their
natural accompaniments, chcerlulness and good health. But
these, your committee found, were m most instances fam-
ilies that had not long been inhabitants of the neighborhoods
in which they lived. The demoralization and rum apparent
all aiound had not had time to do their woik on them. It
is to be feared that too soon the miasmal air will creep into
their systems, undermining the sturdy constitution, and
prostrating its victims on a bed of sickness. Health failing
them, want will follow; and then must come crowding rap-
idly upon them, neglect of home, neglect of children, un-
cleanliness, drunkenness, and crime. This is no fancy
sketch, no picture of the imagination. It is a stern ieahr>,
enacted every day in the midst of luxury and wealth, the
natural and fearful result ot the rapacity of landlords in an
overcrowded city, unrestrained by conscience, and wholly
unchecked by legislation.
I will not pursue this report further, but I sim-
ply recommend it to the attention of the gentle-
man arid of the committee. I did not cite it for the
purpose of displaying the misery, the wo, the des-
titution, and the want, of the poorer classes of the
North. God knows they have my sympathy and
my commiseration. I would that it were in my
power to relieve the poor of the North as well as
the poor of the South. I have read this extract,
not to bring a blush to the faces of my northern
friends; I read it in sorrow. I read it, however,
with a hope that I might thereby encourage them
to begin the good work at home; that I might
thereby assist in relieving the poor and miserable
and destitute there, by reminding our friends of
that charity which begins at home. Where, in
the South, Mr. Chairman, could we find misery
and want and wretchedness and destitution like
that reported by this able and intelligent commit-
tee of the Legislature of New York? Go to the
negro plantation, if you please, and what will you
find? Health, plenty to eat, good clothes, com-
fortable beds, and but one family in a house. You
will ransack even the pages of Uncle Tom's Cabin,
and you will find no picture of misery and des-
titution which will compare with that portrayed
in the extract which I have just read. No, sir;
that book, which may be justly characterized as
a picture, a libel, painted by the hand of slander,
will furnish nothing to compare with it.
But, sir, 1 will not pursue this branch of the
argument further. What I have said has been
with a view to modify, and soften down, by brmg-
ingaboutreflection and consideration ofthis ques-
tion, rather than to excite. I deprecate excite-
ment. 1 had hoped that in this Congress at least
we should have been exempt from the continual
excitement upon the slavery question. I had
hoped that it would have been taken from the
Halls of Congress and left where the legislation
of Congress properly leaves it—to the people of
the Territory, when they come to frame their con-
stitution and apply for admission into the Union.
Sir, these were my expectations, ond they were
reasonable and just, because the legislation of the
country, which received the sanction of Congress
and the approbation of the people in the last pres-
idential election, had met this question and taken
it from the Halls of Congress and put it into the
hands of the people of the Territories when they
were prepared to lay aside their Territorial con-
dition and assume that of State sovereignty. But
hardly had we met within the walls of this Capi-
tol and Congress organized, before the battle-cry
was raised, and
" Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more !"
was heard through the ranks of the Black Repub-
lican party. Why these continual aggressions ?
Why deny to us, to-day, our rights under the Con-
stitution of our country? I beg to ask, what have the
southern people done to warrant it? When have
they ever waged wai upon your rights ? When
have they ever proved recreant to the Constitu-
tion of your fathers and ours? When have they
ever refused to expend their blood and treasure
for the maintenance of the common honor and
integrity of the nation? When have they ever
failed to stand by their northern brethren in their
hour of trial? Sir, the South has always been true
and loyal to the Constitution. She is loyal to it
now; she is ready to preserve it for your childien,
and their children—that they, arm in arm, and
hand in hand, may perpetuate it to our latest pos-
terity. But, in order to do this, I tell gentlemen
plainly, I tell them dispassionately, I tell them
coolly and deliberately, that your assaults must
cease. Sir, I think 1 know something of south-
ern loyalty, as well as southern impatience under
your encroachments, and 1 tell gentlemen that the
time has come when this question has to be met
fairly by your action m this House. Upun the
action of this Congress, must depend the union
or disunion of this great Confederacy.
Gentlemen need not tell me that I am an ex-
tremist, or an alarmist; that the South has threat-
ened disunion before, and,when the hour came, she
backed out. Sir, I tell you, this is no idle threat.
I ndeed, it is not made as a threat, but as a warning.
It is my duty to speak thus plainly here, and to
announce the deep-seated, unwavering, unalter-
able determination of the masses of our people at
the South, of all parties, to have equality in this
Union or independence out of it. It is best that
individuals, as well as States, should be plain and
candid with each other. I do not speak thus to-
day to alarm gentlemen. I am not here to sup-
pose that anything I may say would alarm our
friends on the other side of the House. If I speak
feelingly it is because 1 feel deeply on this ques-
tion of preserving intact the Constitution of the
country; of preserving our glorious flag; the sov-
ereignty of the States, and the rights and honor
of the South. The Union cannot be preserved
unless our rights are protected. I should be rec-
reant to my duty if i did not proclaim this de-
termination no longer to submit to insult and
outrage, i have the honor of representing fifteen
thousand freemen upon this floor; and I hazard
nothing m saying that every man of them will re-
spond "amen" to the sentiments I express here
to-day. I hazard nothing when I assert that there
will not be found in that constituency one man
who is not ready and determined to proclaim as
I proclaim to-day, that if you will preserve the
Union of these States, you must give us the full
measure of our constitutional rights. We ask
nothing more; we will take nothing less. Is there
anything unreasonable in this?
But, sir, this brings me to the Kansas question,
and I understand that 1 have but five minutes
left m which to discuss it.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I renew the request that,
by unanimous consent, the gentleman be allowed
to go on until he has finished his speech.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object. The gentleman
will understand the reason for my objection.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to say, for my
time is very brief, that what I have said has been
directed mainly to the attainment of two objects.
These objects are paramount with me to-day.
Proud as an American citizen, proud of the coun-
try, and the whole country, of the North as well
as the South, iny object is to demand forbearance
at your hands, and preserve, if wc can, the Union :
of our fathers. My second object is to have se-!
cured to the people of the South their constitu-
tional rights, fully, entirely, and effectually. You
may drive me from my first position; you may
force me to abandon the Union; you may tear the
stars and stripes under w,hich our fathers fought
and won our liberties, and trample it under foot;
you may drive me from my advocacy of the Union;
but, sir, never, while I have an arm to raise or a
tongue to speak, a heart to feel or a hand to strike,
can you drive me from the maintenance of south-
ern rights and southern equality.
I tell gentlemen, further, that in order to pre-
serve that Union, you must admit Kansas as a
State into this Union with the Lecompton 'con-
stitution. You must admit her as a slave State,
with that constitution. And why? Sir, this whole
Kansas question is " in a nut-shell." It depends,
upon a single principle—it is the doctrine, the
principle of nonintervention, sustained by the
great Democratic party of the country in the last
presidential election. Democrats from New York,
Pennsylvania, and other northern States, have
gallantly and manfully stood by this principle. I
honor them for it. The South honors them for
it. They are national Democrats, and, as sucfit are
dear to the people in my section. "We honor them
for their devotion to principle. But, sir, I said
this Kansas question depends upon the great prin-
ciple of non-intervention. Has that principle been
observed? I say it has not. We have had inter-
vention there It has been the intervention of
Walker and Stanton against the South, and ih-
favor of the North, and it does not lie in the
mouths of gentlemen to make objection to her
admission now. It is true the South has achieved
a triumph in Kansas; but it was a victory won
over intervention on the part of the officers of the
General Government against slavery and against
the South.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, obtained
the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that this bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House. We
can take up another bill for discussion.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Mr. Chairman, I move
that the gentleman from Georgia be allowed to
proceed with his remarks to their conclusion.
Mr. ADRAIN. -I hope the gentleman will be
allowed that privilege, as I understand that the
printer will not publish the conclusion of the gen-
tleman's remarks unless they are delivered in the
Hall. I hope the gentleman will have the unani-
mous consent of the House to finish his remarks.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object. I do not under-
stand that there is any objection to the gentle-
man from Georgia filing the remaining portion of
his speech. He asks only that the portion of his
speech which he could not deliver here for want
of time, shall be published with what he has
delivered. There will be no objection to that.
Let him hand it to the reporters, and the privi-
lege will certainly be accorded to him.
Mr. JONES,* of Tennessee. The reporters
have not the right to publish in the official debates
what has not been delivered in the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. With the permission of the
committee I will say a word. We have, it seems,
the edict of the official printer of the debates of the
House, communicated at the beginning of the
session, that what has not been delivered in the
House will not be published in the debates. Such
has not been the practice, for heretofore members
have been allowed to publish the remarks which
they were cut off from making by the hour rule.
We might as well decide on this question now as
at any other time.
Mr. MORGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. When the Chair deeides
that I am not in order, I will take my seat.
Mr. MORGAN. What is the question before
the House?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question. The
gentleman from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
There is no question before the House but the bill
under consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who has the floor?
I took the floor, and was interrupted by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. J. GrLANCx JONES. The time for gen-
eral debate on the bill under consideration has been
limited, and I trust that it will be laid aside to be
reported to the House, and that the committee
will proceed to the consideration of the next bill.
