1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2503
a man at $6,00x0 a year to pay out the money that
is appropriated for this building? Surely, sir,
there is no necessity for it. Put the duty on the
superintendent, and it will not cost you a dollar.
Besides, we have employed in New Orleans, in
the marine hospital, a gentleman at a salary of
$3,000 a year as disbursing agent. I intend, if
this motion carries, to move a similar amendment
to the appropriation for the marine hospital. It
seems to me that the superintendents on these
buildings can disburse the sums appropriated for
them, and thus save the Treasury $9,000ayear;
and in the presentcondition of the Treasury, and
considering the enormous epxenditures thathavc
been made there, I think it our duty to do it;and
therefore I hope this amendment will be adopted.
1 shall ask for the yens and nays upon it.
Mr. SEIDELL. I think it will be found that
the discharge of the duties of superintendents of
the various buildings being erectcd throughout
the country, and those of the disbursing officers,
has always been conferred upon different indi-
viduals. 1 think I cannotbe mistakenin making
that assertion in the most unqualified manner. It
it not peculiar to New Oilcans. I do not think
any expenditure has been made for the purpose
of erecting custom-houses or post offices in any
part of the country in which this distinction has
not been made. I am not aware that both of these
duties have been imposed on the same individual
in any part of the United States. Therefore, that
portion of the charge of the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts falls to the ground.
In relation to the double pay received by Mr.
Penn, I can only say that it continued throughout
the whole pet iod of the preceding Admniistiation,
with the exception of a very few months towards
its close. What the particular reason was at that
moment for cutting off the emoluments of Mr.
Perm, I shall not pretend to say. The fact was
so, however. He had been m receipt of those
two allowances for years; and he is one of the
most faithful disbursing officers of the country.
J would state one peculiarity in relation to the
employment of officers of this sort in Louisiana,
which probably does not exist in any other part
of the United States. Our climate is such as to
require imperatively the occasional absence of the
employes of the Government from their post for
the good of their health. This is one of the most
important works in the country. The superin-
tendent of the custom-house is Major Beauregard,
one of the most distinguished officers in the en-
gineer corps. He for many yeats has been in
rather infirm health, and it has been occasionally
found absolutely necessary, on the advice of his
physicians, that he should be absent for several
months. During that period there was no person
to whom he could confide the duties which de-
volved upon him by his office. Taking into view
all these facta, the Secretary of the Treasury
thought it proper that the gentleman who is
charged with the disbuising of the public moneys
there, the payments made on account of the cus-
tom-house, and who was obliged during many
months of the year to devote a large portion of
his time to the superintendence of the building,
should be allowed something for his additional
services.
In relation to Mr. La Sere, I will state.that, so
far from being overpaid, in comparison with other
officers throughout the country, he does not re-
ceive what is considered a fair and just compen-
sation. Mr. La Sere is the disbursing officer,
not only for the marine hospital m J\rew Orleans,
involving an expenditure of some $400,000_ or
§300,000 altogether, but for repairs of the mint,
for which, at various times, appropriations have
been made to the extent of ^130,000 or $140,000.
Mr. La Sere received this appointment last spring,
on the occurrence of a vacancy by the death of
the previous incumbent. lie accepted the posi-
tion as the disbursing officer for the marine hos-
pital, and gave bond for a very large amount for
the faithful discharge of that duty. Previous to
that time, I think there had been a separate dis-
bursing a^ent for the mint, who was receiving his
regular allowance of eight dollars a day. I am
not so very confident in asserting this fact; how-
ever, I believe it to be true. After he received
his commission and appointment, and was in dis-
charge of his duties, a vacancy having occurred
in the place of the disbursing officer of the mint,
the Secretary of the Treasury appointed Mr. La
Sere to discharge also the duties of disbursing
officer of the mint. He was obliged to give a
separate bond for the proper discharge of the
duties of that office. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with a degree of rigor which I believe has
been applied to no other part of the country, re-
fused to allow Mr. La Sere any additional com-
pensation for this additional labor. I think I
have disposed of that case.
Now, as the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts does not touch at all the question
of the propriety of this appropriation of $300,000,
it will not be necessary for mc to enter into a long
explanation of the condition ofthe custom-house,
and the immense cost of that building. I will
state, however, that this probably is the largest
public building in the United States, with the
single exception of the. Capitol. Its foundations
have been very massive. They were necessarily
so from the character of the soil. It covers an
area of some four hundred feet by three hundred.
The former Secretary of War, probably, can give
the exact dimensions of the ground, the block
which it covers. That«round was made a dona-
tion by the city of New Orleans, for the purpose
of having that custom-house erected. If a similar
extent of ground, in an equally advantageous po-
sition, had been necessary to bo acquired by the
Government m any other city of the Union, I
venture to say it could not have been purchased,
or itwould uothave been purchased, for less than
000,000. That was a most munificent donation
on the part of the city of New Oi leans. I suppose
that had some influence with the Secretary of the
Treasury m the plans which lie adopted for the
election of this building, lie considered that so
munificent a donation requited, m sum;' debtee, a
corresponding disbursement on the part of the
General Government. Had the sanu1 building been
required m New York, m a corresponding posi-
tion, 1 venture to say the ground could not have
been acquired for less than $4,000,000, and that
the whole expense would have been six or seven
millions.
Now, as to another error of fact on the part of
the Senator fmni Massachusetts. lie says that the
custom-house at New York co.4 but ^1,000,000.
I have het e a statement of the estimated eor-t, pre-
pared by the construction department of the Treas-
ury, of the custom-house building, and I presume
if j<3 the custom-house bmldinq; proper in the city
of New York, and it is 000,000; so that on this
point the Senator made a slight mistake of one
half. Everybody admits that the custom-house
at New York is totally insufficient for the wants
of that great commercial metropolis. It ought to
1 be three times as large as it is. Put in addition to
that, at this moment the General Government is
paying for occupation of various buildings, among
others, a large portion of the assay office there, in
interest upon the capital or, in the actual form of
rent, some sixty or seventy thousand dollars, rep-
resenting, atsix per cent.,an additional capital of
one million or one million two hundred thousand
dollars. At the same time the accommodations for
the discharge of business are totally inadequate m
New Yoik^as everybody knows.
As regards abuses of the Government, I will
not ptelend to say exacily under whose Admin-
istration these things occurred; but I know very
well that during the whole p< riod employed in
the construction of she custom -hous" in New \ ork
three commissioners were < mploved by the Gov-
ernment at eight dollar a day in the discharge of
these duties: and I think it will be found th.it
under this Administiauon, and under all past Ad-
ministrations, there has been no more economical
disbursement of the public money than in New
Orleans, m the employment of officers to whom
this branch of the service has been confided. As
regards the custom-house in New Orleans, it has
been a very expensive building. There are vari-
ous masons, one or two of which 1 have enumer-
ated before. The character of the soil required
a foundation such as had not been known many
other part of the country. Besides, instead of
, employing the material which might have been
found on the spot, pursuing a policy which lias
never met with my concurrence, the G eneral Gov-
ernment has derived every material for that cus-
tom-house frutn the North. The granite comes
from New Hampshire; the iron from Pennsylva-
nia, New York, and New Jersey; and so far as
our mechanics are concerned in New Orleans,
I they have derived no advantage at all from this
, vast expenditure; but as it se&ms to be admitted
that the main object of this particular section is
| not objectionable, I shall say nothing more upon
, that subject. It may, however, be proper to state
■ that this sum of $300,000 is the lowest possible
i sum which could have been required by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to provide for the fulfill-
ment of existing contracts. If this appropriation
be not made, the men who have delivered and are
now delivering the granite of New Hampshire,
the iron of New Jersey, New York, and Penn-
sylvania, cannot be paid; and I would suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts that if he were
to strike out this appropriation he would prob-
ably affect his own constituents much more than
mine.
Mr. GREEN. I have not a word to say against
Mr. La Sere, or any other disbursing agent in the
city of New Orleans, or elsewhere. I know Mr.
La Sere personally, and what I know of him is
all to his honor. He is a high-minded, honorable
gentleman, worthy of the position; but I really
think the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts just and proper. There is
no uniform rule in the United States with regard
to disbursing agents in making payments for pub-
lic works. At a majority of the ports where cus-
tom-houses, post offices, and court-houses, are
being built, the customs' officer is made the dis-
bursing agent, without any compensation for it;
and I think that very wise and very proper. There
is no uniform law as to the number of supervisors
of the building. There is always a local architect,
and must of m cessity be, to conduct the building,
and see that iis parts are all properly adjusted.
Tie-re is generally a superintendent to sec that all
is carried on according to contract. That may be
proper; but when conti acts are made and amounts
; aie to be paid out in large sums, there can be no
: necessity for a separate disbursing agent to make
the payments in fulfillment of the contract. If it
i be a percentage, it is paid in large amounts, from
i $25,000, or $>30,000, or $50,000 at a time. The
j contractor pays the day laborers; he pays forma-
i triials, &c., and theielbre it is not necessary to
1 keep a multiplicity of accounts. The supernitcnd-
i out can do it without any very serious hardship.
' I would suggest to the Senator from Massachu-
i setts an amendment of his pioposition. Whoever
. is the disbursing agent, ought to be under bond
| and security, and he ought to put that provision
! to it. Let the Secretary require the requisite se-
i curity to protect the interests ofthe Government
| of the United States; then dispense with allsuper-
l numerary officers, in doing which we injure no
' public service. We do not strike at the custom-
| house in the city of New Orleans; we are willing
: to let the appropriation go as it ought; but let the
! money be applied to the purpose. Do not abstract
1 $6,000 of it m payment of the salary of an officer
I who can be dispensed with, and his duties im-
i posed upon another, without any injury to the
I public service. I shall vote for the amendment,
I but 1 suggest the modification 1 have indicated,
j Mr. tfLlDELL. The Senator from Missouri
; is altogether mistaken about the fact of the build-
1 mgs in New Orleans—I do not know how it may
bu in other parts of the country—heing conducted
■ exclusively on the contiact system. The con-
tracts, as 1 said before, are made for the iron and
( for the granite; the laborers are employed by the
: Government, and paid by it. The pay roll in-
cludes some five or six hundred men, who are paid
olf by the week, and the disbursing officer is
obliged to attend to the payment of each of them.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendment now pend-
: ing, ofl'eied by the Senator ftom Massachusetts,
' is an amendment to an amendment; and I cannot,
therefore, oiler any additional amendment to it;
but I will read one winch I thinkappiopnate. and
I suggest it to the Senator from Massachusetts to
' adopMt as a portion of his amendment:
; And in all ea-\"-; where there is a superintendent for tne
1 erection of public buildma-.-, he shall actus disbursing Client,
and shall give borid-s lor the faithful discharge oi his duties-.
That makes it general. I do not know, sir, that
there is any c\ il m the administration of our Gov-
ernment which can be corrected by the Senate,
but if there is any* it would seem to me that this
is one which should be examined into and be cor-
1 rccted by the Senate. The Senator from Mis-
' souri is mistaken when he says that all the <"j--
torn-houses now in process oi' crcction aic dene
