2504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
under contract. A few—the New Orleans and
Charleston custom-houses—were begun before the
system of contracts was adopted by the Depart-
ment. Perhaps there are none other than these
two which are not erected under a system of con-
tracts.
Mr. PUGfl. There are three or four.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the great number are be-
ing constructed under a system of contracts. On
referring to the Finance Report for last year, I find
at page 129 a list of all the custom-houses, court-
houses, and marine hospitals, that are in process
of erection, and I find there that uniformly in
every case they have a superintendent whose pay
varies all the way from four to six, eight, and ten
dollars per day; and they have also at cach and
every place a separate disbursing agent. I think
that if we examine this simple table that is before
us, we shall learn where a very considerable por-
tion of the moneys that have been appropriated
for the erection of public buildings has gone to. I
find, too, that in very many cases the disbursing
agents are the collectors of the port. I do not
understand by what authority of law they are al-
lowed to act as disbursing agents, receiving addi-
tional compensation for that service. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance knows bettor
than I do what is the law; but, as I understand
ifc, no person in the employ of the Government,
who receives a fixed salary, can receive compen-
sation for discharging the duties of another offi-
cer. I do not know but that that provision of
the law is confined to Army and Navy officers;
but I think it is general. If, however, it does not
apply to civil officers it ou2;ht to apply to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my colleague allow
me to make a statement?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As to Army officers, I
know that while the custom-house ;md marine
hospital wore in procoss of construction at Port-
land, eight dollais a day was paid to Lieutenant
Franklin as superintendent, and he was at the
same time, as he is now, an officer of the Army.
He was then employed as superintendent of light-
houses out there, for vvluch also he received pay.
He received eight dollars a day continuously,
being an officer of the Army—four dollars for
each building as superintendent.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is some such provision
of law certainly applicable to some classes of of-
ficers, Now, let me call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the table to which I have alluded. I have it
before me; and I commence with my own State,
with which I am familiar, and know something
about. In Path they are crectmg a custom-house,
and T. G.Stockbridge is superintendent,and Jo-
seph Perry, who is the collector of the poit, is dis-
bursing agent. Stockbridge receives four dollars
a day, and Berry four hundred dollars a year for
this service, in addition to his pay as collector. I
think a superintendent of such a building ought
to be a practical mechanic. In running my eye
over the list in regard to Maine—and there are
five works in process of construction there—I do
not see a single one who is a mechanic. Still,
waiving that objection, these superintendents do
not occupy beyond a single hour in the day, and
probably not more than one hour in the week, in
this service. The custom-house officer, who is
also disbuisin^ agent, receives pay as the dis-
bursing agent in addition to his compensation as
collector. I believe every disbursing ageiU in my
State is a custom-house officer—Herry, Smart,
Jones, Leavitt, Macdonald, and Kennedy—every
one of them. At the end of the week, or only
perhaps at the end of the month, they pay out
money, or give checks for the money which is
due to the operatives or contractors. Itmay take
two or three hours in a month; and they receive
their four hundred dollars per annum for this ser-
vice.
I submit to the Senate that this is a state of
things which ought to be arrested. It is only
for the purpose of sustaining, in many cases,
mere political partisans. I have nothing to say
in relation to the case in New Orleans. I know
both the gentlemen in office there, whose names
have been mentioned; and I know them to be
highly respectable gentlemen. 1 have nothing to
say against them individually; but I affirm that
this system abstracts from the Tieasury a large
amount of money, for no adequate service ren-
dered. Take the case in New Orleans. IIow
much time does it take the disbursing agent who
disburses the money there? Does it take him
one day in a week? I do not believe it takes
more than one day in a month.
Mr. SLIDELL' I will answer that question.
I happen to be in the custom-house very often,
and I know that the duties of the superintendent
and disbursing officer are of such a character as
to require their constant presence. They are
always in the building; and you may find them
there every day in the year, from nine o'clock
until four, unless they are absent on account of
indisposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I presume that is so, as the
Senator says so. I only say that there is not a
particle of necessity for the disbursing agent ever
treading the threshold of the building. All he
does is to pay out the money when he gets the
proper vouchers on which to pay it. He may
go there and spend all of his time, if he pleases;
I only say there is nothing about the discharge
of his duties that requires him to go thereat all.
Now, one word in relation to making the super-
intendents disbursing agents. They are the best
officers for it. They ought to know better, they
do know better, to whom the money is to be paid.
They are the persons who superintend the erec-
tion of the building, and they only know how far
it has progressed, what sums are due, and how
far the contract is completed. It must be on the
certificate of the superintendent that the disburs-
ing officer pays. He is just the man who is, by
his position, qualified, and knows just when and
how much to pay. The small duty of paying out
money would not be a great addition to his labor.
If, however, it should require a trivial addition
to the compensation already received by the su-
perintendent, make that addition; but I do not
believe there is a superintendent who does not
receive an ample compensation for both superin-
tending and disbursing.
I have no feeling m this matter. I do not im-
agine it is going to commend itself to the Senate!;
but in these days when you ate talking about re-
trenchment, in these days when we are all look-
ing at the enormous expendituies that are made,
if there is a place where the prumng-kmfe can be
applied, this is one; and 1 think it is one where
it ought to be applied. I do not know where or
when this system originated; I never knew of its
existence until I saw it here. 1 can only say,
however, it exists, wherever it came from; it has
probably grown up gradually; and 1 would act
and vote at any time, and at all times, precisely
as I mean to do now, because I believe, in my
heart, the thing is light, and ought to be done. I
should not vote to make New Orleans an excep-
tional ease; I do not understand why it should be
so; but i will vote to put them all on the same
fooling. 1 will vole to make every superintend-
ent of any of these buildings the disbursing officer,
and I think we ought to do that.
Mr. CLAY. 1 shall vote for this amendment;
but I would rather vote for one dispensing with
all these disbursing agents.
Mr. KING and others. Make it that.
Mr. CLAY. I will prepare an amendment, if
I have time, for that purpose. I think that these
officers are entirely supernumerary, and that we
m;iy dispense with them, i remember that during
the last Congress there came before the Commit-
tee on Commerce a memorial from the collector
of Charleston—I think it was Mr. Colcock—ask-
ing a very small percentage, one or two percent.,
upon money which he had disbursed as agent of
the Government there. It was submitted to Mr.
Guthrie, then Secretary of the Treasury, and, in
reply, he very promptly said that the claim was
without any just foundation, either in law or in
equity. He said that it was the collector's duly
to disburse as well as to collect the moneys of the
Government, and the committee reported against
the claim.
Amongst other objections that I have to this
system, any man who will run his eye over the
report and see the rates of compensation allowed
at different places, will perceive that it appears to
j be governed rather by favoritism than by the ex-
! pense of living at these places. Forinstance,let
me call attention to the compensation in Maine.
Atthe various custom-houses there the disbursing
officer gets his £4-00 per annum; but in New
Hampshire, at Portsmouth, Mr. Hatch is allowed
live dollars a day. I do not know whether they
include Sundays, or whether they include every
day in the week except Sunday; but from what
the Senator from Louisiana says, I suppose you
may count at least six days in the week. Then
he gets over fifteen hundred dollars per annum
salary for doing what is required to be done m
the State of Maine for $400. Looking further
down, I find that the disbursing agent at Provi-
dence gets six dollars a day, which is more than
eighteen hundred dollarsperannum,forthc seme
service obtained in Maine for $400 per am.am.
Then, when I come to the southern custom-
houses, I find that the disbursing agent in Mobile
is the collector of the port, (Mr. Sanford,) and
there appears to be allowed him, in addition to
his compensation as collector, the sum of $400
as disbursing agent; but in New Orleans, where
the cost of living is not higher, Mr. Penn gels
sixteen dollars per day, or upwards of six thou-
sand dollars a year, for performing the same ser-
vice.
The inequality of this system, it seems to me,
will strike every man in the Senate. And if the
collector at Charleston was forced to disburse a
very large amount, for which he was refused all
compensation whatever, the then Secretary of the
Treasury maintaining that it was his duty to dis-
burse as well as to collect moneys, upon the order
of the Government, why, I ask, should we pay
$(j,000 to an agent in New Orleans for performing
this service? 1 think it is an unnecessary and
supeilluous expense—one that we might well dis-
pense with; and I shall vote for an amendment to
strike out all appropriations for every one of these
disbursing agents, and require the duty to be per-
formed by the collectors. I do this at the same
time with a consciousness that I am disobliging,
perhaps, a friend and constituent of my own—M r.
Sanford—whom I esteem very highly, as a gen-
tleman and a good citizen; but I think we ought
to reduce the expenditures of the Government as
much as possible, and I do not doubt that there
sue a largo number of supernumeraries in all the
collcction districts, and that these disbursing
agents may be very well dispensed with.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louisiana
tells us that superintendents are not appointed as
disbursing agents. I know that it is not usual to
do so, but that is no reason why it should not be
done. The power of appointing disbursing agents
is exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury. I
offered a resolution the other day, which was
adopted by the Senate, calling on the Secretary
for the authority by which these appointments
were made, and his answer has been received.
The Senator from Louisiana, however, is mis-
taken in the fact. There are a few such cases. I
find thatatPensacola, in Florida, the superintend-
ent is disbursing agent; and at Natchez, in Mis-
sissippi, and Napoleon, m Arkansas, the super-
intendent is disbursing agent. Here, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, on the Treasury building, Mr.
Howman is superintendent and disbursing agent.
There is also a case m Louisianarcturned, where
1 Mr. Duncan acts in both capacities. Now, I see
no icason why the superintendents of these build-
ings should not act as disbursing agents in ail
cases, i believe the duty of disbursing the moneys
appropriated for the erection of these buildings
can be performed without any additional cost to
the Government by the superintendents, and bet-
ter performed than they can be by any other pet-
sons who may be appointed.
I find in the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, an item of ^300,000 for con-
tinuing the custom-house at Charleston, Sooth
Carolina. That, with the appropriations hereto-
fore made, makes $9,300,OUO for that custom-
j house at a port where they collect about half a
i million of revenue perannum. I think it is a very
unwise and unnecessary expenditure for a city of
that size. 1 find that the collector of the port of
Charleston, at a compensation of only $400 a year
in addition to his salary as collector", acts as dis-
bursing agent, and we propose to appropiitve
$300,000 for that custom-house,and $305,000 for
New Orleans. Why cannot the superintendent
at ten dollars a day in Charleston—fori find that
the superintendent there has ten dollars a day—
act as disbursing agent?
Mr. HAYNE. I will tell you why. He is an
engineer, and I am very much mistaken if he does
not enter into ail the contracts; and if he were dis-
bursing agent besides, there would be no check
