442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2.%
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
this country, with an addition of ten percent, for
the earnings of ft eight, would leave a balancc in
our favor, for the iast ten years, of about two
hundred million dollars; but it is as well known
as almostany fact of common report, that, instead
of having a balance in our favor, we have actu-
ally got in debt to England, for that is the place
where the debt concentrates, to the amount of
about five hundred milhon dollars, in theform of
United States and State stocks, and railroad stocks
and bonds, during the ten years. The exporta-
tion et-nd importations of last year, according to
the Treasury books, without reference to freight,
would show a balance in ourfavorof $2,000,000,
and yet we all know that there was a balance
against us the whole time, and a continual pay-
ment in bonds and stocks.
The Senator from Virginia said yesterday that
it was unfair to impute to him and his friends, who
thought it was safe to reduce the duties, a design
to approach free trade and direct taxation. I do
not impute that to him; but he said, in the same
connection, that he did not believe anybody
thought the reduction of duties last year had any-
thing to do with the monetary revulsion which is
not yet over. I am not one of those who think
it had agreat deal to do with it. I believed, before
that fatal blow was struck, your system was a
gradual consumption of the prosperity and wealth
of the country. There were causes at work then
that would have ultimately prostrated the indus-
tiy of the country; but the very great reduction
that took place on the 1st of July last was the
occasion of the revulsion. Anybody who will
look at the imports and exports for that quarter,
can come to no other conclusion. The year be-
fore that, with an importation of ^336,000,000, we
exported $69,000,000 of coin. We exported more
coin than the whole product of the nunes of
California; and, of course, that drew on the re-
served funds of the banks. In the first quarter
of the present fiscal year, the importations were
$10tf,000,000. No man who pays attention to the
course of trade in tins country, and to the effect
of over impoi tationsupon its prosperity, can fail,
in my judgment, to perceive that it was the over
importation which took place from the 1st of July
to the 1st of October last, that occasioned the
revulsion. The imports for these three months
were $108,000,000; the exports of domestic prod-
ucts and specie were §53,000,000, of which specie
formed about #14,000,001), leaving a commer-
cial balance of $55,1)00,000 for a single -quarter,
to be paid off m coin or stocks; and every man
who knows anything about the subject, knows
that about the 1st of September railroad stocks
and bonds ceased to answer the purpose of re-
mittance to Europe to liquidate debts; and thus
this commercial balance was thrown upon the bank
vaults, and we had not at that time $60,000,000
in all the bank vaults in the country. If anybody
supposes that a commercial debt of $55,000,000,
in a single quarter, can be paid by the banks m
three months, he must, in my opinion, never have
had anything to do with business. It was just
as impossible to avoid revulsion and suspension
under such circumstances as it would bo tobnild
a new world. The only complaint I have ever
made in regard to it was that the banks did not
suspend at once as soon as the case arose, that
nothing but specie could pay this balance; they
might then, to a great extent, have saved the fail-
ure of the merchants. They would not have had
any more denunciation then than they have now.
Everybody who does not understand the ques-
tion lays the whole financial troubles of the coun-
try to the banks, and to what they call an inflated
paper currency. To talk about an inflated paper
currency, with interest on money at thirty per
cent, per annum, is perfectly ridiculous. There
must be a great plethora of money when it bears
thirty per cent, per annum, as it had borne for a
year before this crash came !
There were other causes. The importations of
1857 were $110,000,000 more than the average for
the ten years preceding, and $83,000,000 above
the average of the five preceding years. Such an
excess is about as much as our people can well
take care of; but when you come to $55,000,000
in a single quarter immediately following, it is
such a balance as no country could ever meet in
coin. A great deal has been said about an inflated
paper system; and it is complained that the banks
had not coin enough on hand; that they had
trash instead. Now, sir, if you look into the cities
that were most affected—the importing cities—
where the crash bore with the most resistless fury,
you will find that there has been no time within
the last year when they had not more coin on
hand than bills in circulation, except, perhaps,
for a fortnight just before they suspended. I look
occasionally at the bank returns of the city of
New Yoik; and nine times out of ten they have
twice or thrice as much gold and silver on hand
as they have bills in circulation; and besides that,
their bills are secured by State stocks deposited
in Albany; and yet such bills are called trash.
If anybody will look, he will see that our troubles
resulted from over importations. When prices
rule -high throughout the country, it would be
just as impossible to do the business of the coun-
try without an increase of the currency as it
would be to transport a large crop of cotton with-
out a large number of ships. The volume of the
currency depends on the prices of commodities.
It is a very convenient way to denounce the banks
whenever there is a revulsion; and I am willing to
admitthatl have no great love for them. I would
like them a great deal better if they never charged
more than six per cent. That is all the objection
I have to any money-lenders, corporate or indi-
vidual.
I have before me a statementas to the failures,
taken from a papev called the Commercial A gency;
and these people have the failures with wonriprful
accuracy. I have made a comparison of the fail-
ures m the different citics, and 1 find that the more
wealthy the city, the larger the failures; the more
coin in a city m proportion to the circulation,
the more failures there were. The aggregate of
the failures during the present revulsion in the
United States, up to the 1st of January, amount
to about §200,000,000; of which $135,000,000 was
in the city of New York, $42,000,000 in Boston,
$32,000,000 in Philadelphia, and $.6,000,000 in
New Orleans. 1 have looked over the bank re-
turns of those four cities to see the relative pro-
portion of their coin and circulation, and I found
that they recently had §51,000,000 of coin in the
bank vaults to about $15,000,000 of bills in circu-
lation—between three and four dollars in gold and
silver to one m paper. Then I took the city of
Charleston, which did not run into over impor-
tations. They have, I believe, about one hundred
thousand people, as I was told by the late worthy
Senator from that State; and 1 heard his suc-
cessor say, the other day in the Senate, that the
imports this year had been two thirds what they
ordinarily were.
Mr. H AYNE. We do not wish to appear under
borrowed colors. The population of Charleston
is about sixty thousand.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, it is a pretty old city,
and a good one, and, I think, a very respectable
one. The failures there did not amount to over
one million dollars.
Mr. HAYNE. Bless my soul, sir! we had not
a single failure'that I know of.
Mr. SIMMONS. These things are pretty apt
to be correctly stated by such papers as I quote
from.
Mr. HAYNE. The Senator says that Charles-
ton is not an importing city. Although we do
not import directly from England, we do in some
measure import, and import largely, from New
York, and trom Boston, and from Philadelphia
and pay just as much, and more, than if we im-
ported from abroad directly.
Mr. SIMMONS. If 1 can get this system
going, I hope to give you a fair share of the im-
portations. I find that in the city of Providence,
with a population of about fifty thousand, a pop-
ulation less than that of Charleston, the failures
amounted to $4,500,000. We are connected in
trade with the large cities; we sell our products
in New York, where it is mingled with the im-
portations, and an over importation is just as
fatal to the producer who sells his produce in
these great markets, as if he was engaged in
importation himself, for the produce is sold to
the'same class of purchasers, and their failure in-
volves everybody that deals with them. The
Senatorfrom South Carolina is mistaken. I find,
on reference to the figures, that the failures in
Charleston were thirty-one in number, and
amounted to $992,000.
Mr. HAYNE. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think my statement is cor-
rect. The failures in Charleston were the least
of any seaport town of any magnitude in the
United States. The city of Providence has a bank
capital of $14,000,000, just about the same as the
bank capital of the whole State of South Carolina;
and we had a circulation at the time of the sus-
pension of about one million eight hundred thou-
sand dollars, with coin to the amount of, perhaps,
five hundred thousand dollars, deposits in other
banks-, and other means that we could draw on
to meet it.
Mr. SEWARD. Where was your Circulation ?
Mr. SIMMONS. All over the country—West,
and everywhere. That city had failures to the
amount of $4,500,000, five times as much as the
city of Charleston; and the banking institutions
of South Carolina, with $14,000,000 of capital,
had $16,000,000 of immediate liabilities in the
form of circulation and deposits, with less than a
million in specie to meet them; and yet that was
the most sound city in the United States, show-
ing that the proportion of coin had no more to do
with the revulsion than the cotton which will be
raised next year had to do with it. Over impor-
tations upset* the country. It seems, however,
there is the same feeling in South Carolina that
there is in the Senate; and I received a speech
from a gentleman in the South Carolina Legisla-
ture, which he made m December last on the sub-
ject; and the Senator from South Carolina gave
me a copy of their bank returns—the report of
their comptroller on finance. The comptroller of
finance recommended to the Legislature of South
Carolina, in order more severely to chastiqp the
delinquent banks, to increase the penalty on them
for issuing bills when they were under suspension,
from five per cent., as it then was, to ten per cent.,
and denouncing them m the strongest terms. The
gentleman who sent me his speech did not fall
into that notion, but proposed to repeal the pen-
alty altogether, and carried it through the South
Carolina Legislature.
Mr. HAYNE. Not altogether, sir. The pen-
alty on the first two installments exacted by the
State, the banks were required by the comptrol-
ler general of South Carolina to pay, and did pay,
and never refunded. I am of the opinion that the
cause of aportion of our banks having suspended,
is to be traced to this fact: we have a bank, the
capital of which is owned exclusively by the
State, and must partake of the character, more or
less, of apolitical bank, subject to no responsibil-
ity, and, at the period of the crisis, its ciiculation
was so large it was compelled to suspend; but if
the bank of the State had not been the very first
to suspend—no bank suspension—none of our
banks in South Carolina would have refused to
continue to pay specie.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it is very likely.
Mr. HAYNE. In Alabama, they tried the
experiment, and my friends can say they lost the
whole of their capital there.
Mr. SIMMONS. I never knew banks that
would be likely to suspend if they never accom-
modated a customer. Everybody can manage a
bank so that theie will be no suspension, by not
lending money. I think the bank of the State
of South Carolina is the only bank that deserves
a banner in the State, if the rest did not loan their
money, and they did. I honor them for it. It
is what they were incorporated to do.
Mr. HAYNE. They all did it but the Charles-
ton Bank and the Union Bank.
Mr. SIMMONS. Tell me about the banks
sustaining themselves against a pressure, when
the whole mercantile community are falling about
them, and not loaning money. They will find no
sympathy from me in such a course. I am not
condemning the suspension; X am only saying
that, after this denunciation of the banks by the
officers of South Carolina, they had intelligent
men in the Legislature who got this law repealed;
and they continued suspended after the banks in
the northern cities had resumed, and wisely so
1 continued. Instead of laying this revulsion on
j the banks, I think that those who continued to
i accommodate the community, and sustain the
1 crops, acted wisely. At the time resumption was
