1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WM
and prices of neighboring countries. The result
of our redundant circulation and high prices, we
have seen, has been to enable the foreign manu-
facturer to drive our own industry from the field
of production, to draw from us our com, and leave
us little better than a nation of bankrupts.
The speculations of different minds as to the
true causes of our present difficulties, are numer-
ous and discordant.
The President tells you that it is one thing, and
that alone; another tells you that it is the fault
of our tariff system, inviting to extravagant im-
portations and overtrading; and a third, that it all
arises from a spirit of extravagance in the people,
the lust of wealth, a desire for show, regardless
of the obligations of honor, justice, and truth.
Thepersonswho advance these different theories
are all more or less right. That the reason as-
signed by the President is true to some extent, it
would be vain to deny; but I have shown, that
while that may be one cause, it is far from being
the leading cause. That is found in the extrava-
gance, folly, and bad example of the Government;
an extravagance that has run up the annual
expenses of carrying it on, from $46,000,000, in
1852, to $75,01)0,000 at the present time. If the
banks have in the last few years expanded to an
alarming extent, it is but the legitimate fruit of
your own extravagant expansion. But on look-
ing at the tables that the Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury has furnished in regard to the banks, 1 find
that their circulation during the last four years
has been very uniform, and that their loans and
discounts have not increased in proportion to
what the Secretary estimates to be the annual
natural increase of the commerce of the country.
The second class of persons who trace all our
woes to the tariff of 1840, quite overlook, in my
opinion, the inflation which has contributed so
much to render that tariff so destructive to the
best imeiLSls of the country. That enactment
was bad enough at the best; but had the volume
of our currency only increased in proportion to
the natural wants of"the country, I do not presume
that our overtrading would have ever reached to
our late pitch of extravagance, and I agree with
the President, that if you allow your circulat-
ing medium to be inflated to an unlimited extent,
your tariff laws arc impotent for purposes of pro-
tection." What our manufacturers want is not
high protecting laws, but laws that shall be stable
in their character; laws that will not be rendered
inoperative and void by shifting legislation or
periodical inflations and depressions in the cur-
rency. The third class, who discover the cause
of all our misfortunes in the extravagance and
folly of society, forget to look back to the causes
of that extravagance and folly. That the nature
of the men and women of to-day differs from that
of those of fifteen yeais ago, no one believes; but
different causes acting at a different time upon the
same humanity, produce different results. A pleth-
ora of money is one of the greatest evils that can
befall the manners and morals of any country,
and to that cheapness of money and credit, result-
ing from the extravagance of Government, and
the discovery of California gold, may be safely
attributed that wild spirit of extravagance and
speculation, which is uy some mistaken for the
causc of our late disasters.
As the greatest of the evils attendant upon our
late system of business, I do not reckon the loss
of fortune that has overtaken so many, sweeping
them away from the busy haunts of business in
a single night. Such as have maintained their in-
tegrity will rise again, wiser and better men for
having been subjected to the "uses of adversity;"
but the greatest of our evils grows out of that
debauched state of public and private morals
which has grown up side by side with the extrav-
agance of Government.
Were I so inclined, I should be powerless to
describe the condition to which society had been
brought previous to the late revulsion. It was
time for a revolution and revulsion; and I am glad
it was delayed no longer. It would have been far
better could it have come years ago. Had it not
come now, it is fearful to contemplate the lower
deep of extravagance, wickedness, and folly to
which we were hurrying on. Anudst the artifi-
cial rise of every species of property, consequent
upon the expenditure of the money borrowed
abroad by the Government, and the influx of gold
from California, imaginary fortunes were rapidly
accumulated, and an appearance of prosperity
created, such as was never before known. Among
the worst effects of this state of things, was the
complete change wrought by it in the manners and
habits of the people. Frugality and economy we
have seen followed by a reckless profusion, a dis-
dain of the homely and honest ways of former
times, and a disgusting and self-degrading aping
of aristocratic manners and ways of life. For-
getting that the great business of life must be car-
ried on by men and women, a rage for display and
showy and superficial accomplishments appears
to have seized upon all classes. From this con-
dition of things, it is to be hoped that we are about
to be delivered; and that some policy may be
adopted that will prevent a similar recurrence for
a long time to come.
But I have little faith in the adoption of any
such policy. It is quite evident that the President
and his Cabinet arc not a unit in their govern-
mental policy. The President is evidently a pro-
tectionist. He has told the country before, and he
repeats it now, though in different language, that
u if you will reduce the currency from its nominal
to its real value, you will cover the country with
blessingsand benefits." Why? Because the effect
of such reduction would be to afford protection to
our domestic industry greater than any tariff law
can afford,and thus "give us possessionnotonly
of the home market, for our manufactures com-
posed of raw materials the production of our own
country, such as cotton, iron, and woolen fabrics,
but would have created for themselves a foreign
market throughout the world."
The Secretary, on the other hand, devotes a
number of passages of his report to an attempted
explosion of the protective policy, and argues to
considerable length, that whatever benefits the
manufacturer must neecssatily impose a corre-
sponding buiden upon the consumer, and that the
injury sustained must be in proportion as the con-
sumers exceed the number of manufacturers.
The Secretary congratulates (he country upon
the growing popularity of free-trade doctrines, as
evidenced by the "strong feeling m the public
mind for the extension of our territorial limits,"
which he can account for in no other way than
as evincing a desire to increase the " area of free
trade." If the free trade here spoken of means
free trade in negroes, then I shall decline to dis-
pute the point with him. While the President
and Secretary do not appear to bo entirely in coin-
cidence upon the subject of protection, they also
appear to disagree somewhat as to the cause of
our present difficulties. While the President at-
tributes them to one cause only, which cause is
declared to be our " extravagant and vicious sys-
tem of paper money," the Secretary says that
" we must look beyond the banks, to the opera- i
dons of other corporations as well as individuals,
to fathom the entire cau.se of difficulties." But
it is not my business to reconcile the differences of
this Democratic household. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the House to some of the figures and esti-
mates of the honorable Secretary. The other day,
when the House was rushing through in such hot ;
haste the shin-plaster or Treasury note bill, my
friend from Pennsylvania L^r  Ritchie J pointed i
out a strange want of consistency between the j
President and Secretary.
In the message the President boasts in ostenta-
tious language of the sub-Treasury, declared that
whatever might become of other folks, the " Gov-
ernment will continue to discharge its liabilities to
the people in gold and silver;" speaks of a loan as
a thing barely possible; and declares that it shall
be avoided if possible. Who could possibly be-
lieve from reading this high-sounding language,
that at that very moment the Secretary had slipped
in at the back door of the Capitol, and was beseech-
ing Congress for authority to issue $20,000,000 of
" wild-cat and red-dog" with which to pay off the
public creditors, whose liabilities, the President
had just declared, would be discharged in gold and
silver only? If all we hear be true, the Secretary
did not apply to Congress a whit too soon; for it
is currently reported that for some little time past,
the public creditors have not been able to obtain
either gold, silver, or wild-eat.
The Secretary, in asking for the privilege to issue
twenty millions, holds out the idea that they may •
not all be wanted. I have been looking over his '
estimates. It will porhups b^ deemed presump-
tuous in me to arraign the figures and estimates
of so experienced a statesman as he;nevertheless*-
I shall take the liberty of doing so.
The Secretary estimates the receipts for the.
fiscal year ending June 30, 1858, at the sum of*
|75,389,934 08, made up as follows:
iialance in Treasury, July 1,1857. $17,710,114 27*
Received for.quartcr ending September 30,
3837 '   20,929,819 81
Estimated receipts during the three remain-
ing quarters to June 30, 1658, are—
From customs 33,000,009 0ft
From public lands    3,000,000 Ow
From miscellaneous sources  750,000 U0->
Estimated aggregate for the service of tlie-
current year   .$75,389,934.OS
Expenditures for year ondmg June 30,1S58.. 74,983,05$ 41.
Leaving a balance the Treasury July 1,
1858, of  $426,875 6?
which appears to be sailing pretty close-hauled'
on the wind.
The estimates^by which the above result is ar-
rived at, will not, in my opinion,bear the inspec-
tion of impartial scrutiny; but if they are correct*
it is pretty evident that we shall be called upon for
more aid before the fiscal year closes, because the
sum then left in the Treasury will be wholly in-
adequate to an easy administration of the financial
department of the Government; as it was shown
during the progress of the ^Treasury note b[U
through Congress, that to meet the wants of "the*
Mint and other exigencies, the Government couftf';
not set along with less than six millions at a4l
times in the Treasury.
How then are you to get along when that bal-
ance is reduced to $426,875 67, as the Secretaiy
says it will be July 1, 1858?
But that you will not have even that meager
balance, I will now proceed to show.
To arrive at that result, and bring the Govern-
ment to the end of the year with that beggarly
sum, he makes the following estimates for the lasfe
three quarters, ending June 30, 1858:
Fiom customs   $33,000,000
From public lands  3,000,000!
From miscellaneous sources     750,0tO"
Total receipts for three quarters    $36,750.000
Let us now examine and see how the Secretary-
arrives at the above figures. He first assumes thai
our ratio of annual increase in importations for
the last few years has been ten per cent., and that
they will go on to increase in that ratio for year^.
to come. How a gentleman of the reputed sagacity,
and judgment of the Secretary, or how any gen-
tleman possessed of ordinary intelligence, could
have ventured on that assumption, is quite incom-
prehensible, and imposes upon me the necessity
of an examination into the position thus taken by
him.
I think that it may be laid down as a safe prin-
ciple, that no nation can go along uninterruptedly
for a great length of time, increasing her importa-
tions much more rapidly than it increases in pop-
ulation and ability to pay. The increased ability
to purchase of foreign imports depends princi-
pally upon the increase of population and labor
to produce the necessary articles for export in ex-
change for foreign commodities. The invention of
labor-saving machinery may have increased the
eificiency of labor so as to render our people more
able to purchase largely than formerly; though
that, when applied to all the people of the United.
States, is questionable. If, then, this principle is
correct, let us see where its application will lead
us.
The increase of population for the decade from
1800 to 1810 was thirty-six and forty-five one hun-.
dredthsper cent., or about three and six tenths per-
cent. per annum. From 1810 to 1820 it was thirty-
three and thirteen one hundreths per cent. From
1820 to 1830"it was thirty-three and forty-nine one
hundredths per cent. From 1830 to 1840 it was-
thirty-two and sixty-seven one hundredths per
cent. From 1840 to 1850 it was thirty-five and
eighty-seven one hundredths per cent.; showing a-
remarkable uniformity in the mcrcase of our pop-
ulation, which has averaged about three and one
half per cent per annum. An examination of the
table of imports from 1820 to 1850 will disclose
the fact that, on an average, our imports just about
kept pace with our population. Smco 1850, our
importations have rapidly increased, by reason of
the disturbing causes which I ha^e before alluded
to, and not because of the increasing wants or
