1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A pril 6,
the Secretary; does not modify the Secretary s
duty. If it was the duty of the Secretary to send
the bill without that note, it is his duty to send it
after receiving the note. If under that note the
Secretary had no right to send the bill to the
House, he had no right to send it without the
note being sent. A direction from an individual
Senator cannot control the action of the body.
I therefore respectfully insist that no one mem-
ber of this body can discharge the Cferk from the
obligation to perform his duty under the rule.
The order is on the Journal that he shall notify
the House of Representatives of our action in this
case. I know that the Senator from Louisiana
denies that the Senate has directed such an order
to be made. If it be true, as he insists, that the
Senate has not made any such order as the Sec-
retary has entered on the Journal, then it is his
imperative duty to move that the Journal be
amended, that an erroneous entry shall not re-
main; that an untrue order shall not be recorded
upon it; and it is the imperative duty of the Sen-
ate to amend the Journal and strike out that or-
der if the Senate have not made the order. But
if you go through the history of the Government,
I apprehend you will find such an order in every
instance where the Senate has, by a vote, dis-
agreed to an amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to a Senate bill, or has passed a bill.
The order is a parliamentary legal consequence
of the vote.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the order, I ask ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That the Secretary be di-
rected to request the concurrence of the House in
our action.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Senator
if that does not allow a reasonable discretion to
the officer to retain it at the request of a Senator,
unless the Senate order to the contrary?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Clearly'not; because the Sen-
ate having made its order already, and that being
entered on tho Journal, that is the laiv to the Sec-
retary, which he has no right to violate.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the special order of the
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the special order having arrived, the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the bill to admit
Minnesota into the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall waive my right, so as
to go on with the Minnesota bill. I suppose the
gentlemen have accomplished their object; but
still it becomes an important question as a matter
of law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow me to introduce a resolu-
tion, which I hope will lead to no discussion. It
is in relation to the report of the Committee on
Printing. The resolution is not one that casts
any reflection 011 them, but it is offered with a view
to have it adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If this resolution leads to
debate, I shall object to its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it leads to any debate, of
course it will be postponed. The resolution is:
Resolved, That there be printed,in pamphlet fbrm,forthe
use of the Senate, ten thousandcopies of the addresses made
by the members of the Senate, and members of the House
of Representatives, upon tfie occasions of the death of the
Hon. A. P. Butler, of South Carolina, Hon. James Bell,of
New Hampshire, and Hon. Thomas.1. Rusk, of Texas, late.
Senators ot the United States; and that the Pmitur to the
Senate be directed to prepare them in a similar manner to
die eulogies on the life of Hon. John M. Clayton.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I must make
a statement in regard to the resolution—a very
short one 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not feel authorized to
waive the special order—the Minnesota bill—
under the circumstances.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I give notice that I
shall call up the resolution to-morrow during the
morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rules re-
quire a resolution to lie over gne day, if objected
to. This resolution, therefore, must lie over.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As connected
with the matter which has been under discussion
this morning in the Senate, the Chair deems it
proper to throw himself on the indulgence of the
Senate, in order to make a brief statement in re-
lation to his own conduct, as well as'that of the
Clerk. I am very frank to say that when the sub-
ject was brought to the notice of the Chair, it
seemed to him to present a question somewhat
novel in its character, and not free from embar-
rassment. The Clerk notified me of the notice he
had received, and in fact showed me the note of
the Senator from Louisiana, and seemed to invoke
my direction as the Presiding Officer more than
in any other form. I stated to him that the ques-
tion was new to rr.e, and that I was not convers-
ant with the practice in matters of this kind, and
asked him to state to me what was the practice
in such cases, as he had been long in the Senate,
and intimately conversant with subjects of this
Mr. SEWARD. Will the President be good
enough to raise his voice a little ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I was stating-
that when the matter was brought to my notice,
I was disposed to seek the aid and advice of those
more conversant with the rules and practice of
the Senate than myself; and I knew of none more
familiar'with them than the clerk. He stated to
me that in cases where an intimation had been
given by a Senator that a bill should not be sent
to the House of Representatives in order to allow
him to move a reconsideration, the practice had
been uniform to regard the wishes of the Senator.
I told him, then, that the safe rule was to refer to
the rules of the Senate; and 011 looking into the
rules, I found, what has been read by the Senator
from Louisiana,a provision granting to any Sen-
ator the right, within two days of actual session
subsequent to the passage of a bill, to move a re-
consideration. Ail will concede that the Senator
has a right until the close of this day to move to
reconsider the vote disagreeing to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to this bill. If,
however, the bill had been sent to the House of
Representatives in conformity with the general
usage of the Senate, without the interposition of
the Senator from Louisiana, his right would have
been forfeited. While the bill remained here,
however, he had the right, and has now, to move
to rcconsidcr before the lapse of the two days.
Believing, from the general courtesy of the Sen-
ate, that they would not willingly order a bill to
be sent from this body when any Senator wanted
to avail himself of that right; believing that they
would extend it to him as a courtesy, if not, per-
haps, as a right, I told the Clerk to withhold the
bill. All the responsibility, then, of withholding
the bill, I say to tho Senate, attaches to me more
than to the Clerk, because he acted under my ad-
vice and direction. Believing that the established
uniform courtesy of the Senate would tolerate a
proceeding of that kind, and without attempting
to determine the strict rule, I was disposed to
withhold the bill until the Senate determined
otherwise. I have deemed it proper to make this
statement that it may go out as a part of the his-
tory of this transaction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Had I supposed it was asked
as a matter of courtesy, for the purpose of making
a motion to reeonsider, I should not have made
the slightest objection; but the Senator from
Louisiana asserts his right to keep the bill here
three days, without giving the assurance that he
intends, at any time, to move a reconsideration.
It is not that he desires to reconsider it. He does
not say that he wishes to reconsider it; he re-
fuses now to intimate that he desires to recon-
sider; but he desires, for reasons satisfactory to
himself, to keep the bill three days in this body,
without putting himself under the obligation to
move a reconsideration. I could not agree, as a
matter of courtesy, to let him keep it here three
days for his own purposes, when he did,not wish
to reconsider; but if he said to me that he did
desire to reconsider, I would grant the request on
the instant. It is the question of right, and not
the question of courtesy, that I was discussing.
But I now ask for the special order.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Chair will allow me to say
that I think the order he made in this case is in
accordance with all the past usages of this body.
The only error the Senator from Louisiana com-
mitted, if it be an error, was filing a notice with
the Clerk. It has been the uniform practice here,
when a Senator voting with the majority desired
to reconsider, orthoughtit possible that he might
at a subsequent day, within the period named in
the 20th rule, move a reconsideration, to suggest
that fact to the Chair, and the Chair uniformly
has given thcerder to the Secretary to suspend
action until the limitation expired. I think the
order of th« Chair was in accordance with past
practice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Knowing the
Senator from Indiana to have been an old Presid-
ing Officer, I designed to have a conversation with
him on the subject, but I had not time on that
day—in fact he was not in the Senate; and he did
not come in in time to enable me to confer with
him this morning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As to the usage of the
Senate, I have some little knowledge. Heretofore,
when a question had been decided, and an adjourn-
ment immediately took place, without any oppor-
tunity of moving for a reconsideration, I have
myself gone and asked the Clerk, " hold this, sir,
if you please, until to-morrow morning, the earli-
est time at which I can make a motion to recon-
sider," and it has been acceded to. But I applied
for it as an act of courtesy, and it was granted to
me as an act of courtesy; and there has never
been any other practice here that I ever heard a
word about. It has never been supposed that a
gentleman, by a note to the Clerk, can peremp-
torily require that a bill shall remain here two
days to give time to consider whether a motion
for reconsideration shall be made, and it is for
the Senate to consider whether they will put their
proceedings so under the control of any Senator.
I think it would be very injurious to do so. I
never heard before, long as I have been here, of
any member assuming the right to retain a bill
for two days, upon his mere rescript to the Clerk
that he required it forconsideration. If such pro-
ceedings have taken place they have been un-
known to me, and, so far as I know, totally un-
known to the Senate  "
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. If
the special order is to be proceeded with, I desire
this discussion to stop.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I submit whether de-
bate on this question is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The remarks
of the Chair, as well as the remarks of Senators,
since one o'clock, were not strictly in order, but-
were made by the courtesy of the Senate. There
is no question before the body.
Mr. HALE, and others. There is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
threwhimself on the indulgence of the Senate,and
I presume the same indulgence will be extended
to other Senators if the debate is not extended to
any length of time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought you were
suggesting that you had made inquiries, and left
the subject open to inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
done by the indulgence of the Senate when there
was 110 question before it.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. HALE. There is a
question.
Mr. STUART. . I think the Chair 
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the special order.
Mr. STUART. I was going to state that I
think this question is before the Senate. This is
a privileged question, which overrides the special
order, unless the Senate vote it away. A privi-
leged question may be taken up at any time when
there is no other business before the Senate at
that time; and being a privileged question, it over-
rides the special order, unless the Senate now lay
it aside for the special order.
Mr. SEWARD. State what your motion was.
Mr. STUART. My motion was that the Sec-
retary be directed to carry out now the order of
Friday, and communicate this message to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sorry to differ in my
recollection with the Senator from Michigan. The
Senator from Michigan, I feel very confident, made
no motion of any sort.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. SLIDELL. He simply called the atten-
tion of the Chair to what he considered a gross
irregularity.
Mr. STUART. I beg pardon of the Senator.
I ceitainly did make a motion, and presented it
distinctly. I made it repeatedly and distinctly.
Mr. SLIDELL. Was it a motion to send the
bill to the other House?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; that the Clerk be di-
rected now to execute the order.
Mr. SLIDELL. I was mistaken, then, as to
the fact. Then the question recurs whether this
is a question of privilege; and I would say to the
