2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 29,
body but the Government. He has tested ithim-
eelf, so as to be satisfied of his theory, and the
commissioners seem to be satisfied with it. If it
turns out to be a great advantage to the currency
of the country, as he supposes, Congress will al-
low just as much compensation as they may con-
sider him entitled to for the benefit of the country.
It is not a thing the man can use as private prop-
erty, in any shape or form; for it is an invention
in regard to coining, to prevent counterfeiting-by
the various modes in which modern science has
aided it. He cannot sell it to anybody but the
Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Still it is settled to be a
matter of so much consequence to this Govern-
ment, if it turns out successfully, that, as a matter
of necessity, the Government will avail them-
selves of it; and unquestionably, if they do, they
will pay him liberally.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Government will pay
what they think it is worth. All we ask now is
to allow him his expenses while he was assisting
the Government officers m testing the matter. The
old gentleman came to me more than two years
ago, and showed rue his process; and I thought
it was very worthy of public attention, and would
be of immense advantage to the public in prevent-
ing counterfeiting. The matter has been tested
by a scientific commission appointed by the Gov-
ernment, who recommend the payment of $} .200
■—his expenses in attending at the Mint in Phila-
delphia. It is a small matter; and I hope the
money will be voted.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to this amendment. Though the improve-
ment may be very valuable, and the man may get
a fair price for it when it is done, you should give
him enough to live on while the experiment is
going on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not believe in that.
I want the Senate to understand the matter fairly.
If the principle applies to Dr. IJarclay, it applies
to anybody else who conn's forward and Nays he
lias something very valuable to the Govei nment,
1 have heard gentlemen on this floor object, over
and over again against the Government bein<j at
the expense of trying experiments to test the value
ot inventions and discoveries, which mvontois
might say would be of advantage to the Govern-
ment. Here is a case where the Government has
not only gone to the expense, saving htm the ne-
cessity and consequent expense of testing it;that
is to say, of proving to a certainty that it would
be valuable; making the experiment at its own
cost, but where lie calls on us m addition to that
to pay him for his own time in attending to what
is to be very important to him as well as to the
Government if it succeeds. My own constitu-
tional difficulties on such subjects nre not great,
but I would suggest to gentlemen who aie rather
apt to present such objections on occasions hko
this, that I think this is a very good ease for them.
Mr. SIMMONS, i know that if this experi-
ment succeeds, it must be for the benefit of the
Government, and the inventor will not have more
than we choose to give him anyhow. He has got
so far with it as to satisfy the scientific men that
it is likely to be successful. So far he has gone
without bicatl; and when he gets to that point,
to obtain a recommendation in his favor fiom
them, I think we can afford to pay him enough
to live.
Mr. DAVIS. From the statement of the case
—and I know nothing except fiom the statement
here—I think it was wrong in its inception, and
the further we go the more wrong it, will be. If
the Government is to undertake, from the public
Treasury, to make expciinvnts upon everything
which an inventor may bring, we shall have nut
only a necessity for a home valuation, but for an
increa.se of duties in addition, to provide the
means; and if every inventor who has smoothing
which he says will be useful to the Government,
and nobody else, is to have experiments made be-
cause he suggests it, and is to bo supported while
the experiments go on, we have not Treasury
enough,and the country never will have Treasury
enough to conduct the'experiments. It has been
the practice of this Government, save where Con-
gress intervened and directed otherwise in special
cases, to require every one who suggested that ho
had discovered or invented something, to bring it
to its practical test, to present it m a form fit for
use, and then to subject it to experiment and see
whether it was valuable or not; in order that the
Government might take it if good, and reject it if
bad. During the late war in Europe, the inven-
tive genius of the country seemed to be particu-
larly excited on the subject of improvements in
arms; and if the United States had undertaken to
make all the experiments upon various arms, and
particularly upon cannon, which would be of no
use in any private enterprise, and the various mod-
ifications of fortification suggested by men who
had no knowledge, who had not learned even the
elements of the subject on which they claimed to
teach, the amount appropriated for foitification
would have been but a mite compared to the sum
required for the expenditures. I think the Gov-
ernment has acted generously, even more gener-
ously than wisely, m undertaking to conduct ex-
periments in relation to these inventions; and
clearly the inventors should be held to support
themselves while the experiment is going on, if
that be the only check you intend to interpose be-
tween the Treasury and those men whose minds
are busy in suggesting things they cannot them-
selves carry out.
Mr. TOOMBS. The remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi have no sort of application
to the case; and the Senator states that he did not
know of it before it was brought up. This gen-
tleman, who is a scientific man, had demonstrated
upon scientific principles that there was a mode
of preventing the counterfeiting of the coin of the
country, the abrasion and deterioration of it, and
detecting a great many scientific means which
were used for the purpose of deteriorating, or
abrading, or otherwise lessening the value of the
currency. He demonstiated to those competent
to judge of it, that his system would do this; and
he proposed that the Government should make
coin on these principles for itself. It is of no
value to anybody else. The Government ap-
pointed two of the most scientific men who could
bo selected to test it They approve the process,
and say the discovery is what he declared it was.
The matter has been tesied at the Mint at the
small cost of $2,500 About three per cent, of the
entire gold and silver com m the United States
now in cuculation is counteifoted. It is a mat-
ter of vast importance to the country. Scien-
tific men were appointed toinqune into the mat-
ter, and lest whether it was of value. If not, the
Government lost nothing; if it turned out to be
of value, the Government would make a great
deal. The discovery was complete, and the action
of the Government was only putting it in practi-
cal operation for its use. Nobody else wanted it.
it was of no use to him. J I,* could not " cum
money," or " legnlate the value tln-i.-of." It is
not like the case of an oulinary invention of fire-
arms, which the party has a duoct interestm, and
ho merely requires mechanical moaiH to pur it
into op,M.it ion. The Government .Join, was inter-
ested in this matter; and it is a question whether
. the old man shall have the $1,200 while he was
| attending upon experiments of the Government?
, It is not worth five minutes, nor these speeches,
I and, therefore, 1 will not detain the Senate,
j Mr. DAVIS. The principles worth more than
, five minutes; and I will show that my icmarks
j had more application than the Senator's answer,
j He says it is of no value. If it*is of no value, why
give ton cents for it?
I Mr. TOOMBS. I said it was of no value, ex-
• cept to the Government. The discoverer cannot
| coin money.
Mr. DAVIS. If it succeeds, and answers the
! purposes of the Government, it will become the
| property of the Govei nment only on paying for it.
j Mr. TOOMBS. On their own terms,
j Mr. DAVIS. Then they are to pay if it suc-
; coeds.
: Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; I have stated the case
| fully.
I _ Mr. DAVIS. If the Government have not the
1 right to use it, in the event it succeeds, then I say
| tiieyare incurring expenditures for his benefit. If
j they cannot use it without paying him for it, it
I is ins property. Though it is ciear~he cannot coin
j money in the United States, or regulate the value
| thereof, yet, if he discovers something which will
j effect all that is described by the Senator from
i Georgia, what is to prevent him from selling it to
| other Governments, as well as to this Govern-
i ment? Inventors, when they come forward and
ask the Government to make their experiments,
not very unfrequently say," if you will make the
experiment, you shall have the use of the inven-
tion to an}*-extent tho Government requires; all
I desire is, the. right to sell this elsewhere; if the
Government will make the experiment, I will
agree that the Government shall have a right to
use it free of all charge." Here is a case where it
seems the Government is to pay for the right to
use that which they themselves perfect. Itls but
one of the multitude of cases where men have
opinions or crude notions; they may be sound or
unsound; the judgment of the savans who have
examined it may prove correct or incorrcct; but,
in any event, the Government is to bear the ex-
pense; and in any event, if the Government uses
he discovery it has to pay for it.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I will ask the Senator from
Georgia, for information simply, whether there is
any report from the experts of the value of this,
ana whether it has really succeeded ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated that there was; and
these very experts recommend the payment of
the $1,200. They say that, as far as they have
gone, they believe it will be of great value to the
country; and it is on their recommendation that
the amendment is offered for the very sum they
propose to pay this man for his expenses.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, thete were, on a division—yeas
12, nays 13—no quorum voting.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays weie oideied.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us go thiough with these
o o
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Florida that, m the
present condition of things, his motion cannot be
put. There was no quorum voting on the last
motion. The Secretary will call the roll on the
amendment to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 23; as follows:
Yt: \S—Mrs-is. Alh-ti. Hell. Bislcr, Bioclciick, Clinirinan,
OoU.uner, Di\on, Pntkce, Font. Gwin, H.uLm, IL'jue,
Hun-ton, llire, ^rlm-tiae. Sewaul, Simmon-;, Stuart,
Toombs, Wane, Wii-on, and Yulec—02.
NAYS—Biiyht, Kiowa, Chandler. Clay, Dihk,
FV^-owlen, Fitch, Fnzp.unek, Foster, Gieeu," Hamlin,
Ihmunoiui, Hunter, lv°rson. Johnson of Tennessee, Ma-
t-on, I'tiiioe, l'uuli, llenl, Slide!!, Thomson of New Jeisry,
Trumbull, and \Yn«ht—;J3.
So the. amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The committee's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose another amend-
ment from the Finance Committee:
Foi printing ordeiod hv the Senate and lIou«e of Roptp-
seniative^ dm in<r the Thutv -Tiind and Thirty Foiuth Cou-
a.id pap"r lur the -ain.\ *M).0;0.
For hied ins? documents onieicd to be punted by tho Ilnie-e
of K^pf-vnt uivo-s dining the Tiitity-Tliud and Tiuit}-
Foiuth Conpie^se?, and lor engravings, iithogiapits, and
cL'cnotyp.'* I'oi the .,,11,10, A'Ull.OOO.
Foi linen n? documents o,dei ed to be pj in ted by the Fen-
ate duiuiLj the Tinity Tlnul and Thirty Fom ih (JmurtesHs,
and lor engt.iving^ hthoguphs, and eluetiotypes"for the
same, $113,000.
This is the result of an examination direeted
by the House of Representatives into the docu-
ments which have been ordered to be printed.
At the commencement of the session there was a
deficiency bill introduced for printing which failed
in the llouse of Representatives, because they
were unwilling to vote as much money as it would
take to carry out the previous orders of tne House
and Senate for printing books. The subject was
refened to their committee, who made u repoit,
in which they recommended a curtailment of the
documents which had been ordered, a diminution
of the number of volumes, and the number of
copies of particular volumes. That report was con-
curred in b^ a very larffe majority of the House,
I tlnnk four fifths. When they concurred in it,
they referred it, by oider, to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that it might become a sub-
ject of legislation in this bill; but the bill had
passed from that committee, and they sent it to
us. The result is a great saving over the liabili-
ties winch would exist if wc should print the
documents heretofore ordered to be printed. 1
have beforo me the report explaining the whole
matter; and it can be read, if desired. ["Oh,
no !"] Some Senators, I hear, say that they will
