444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Simmons.
Senate.
elections, the whole public will be imbued with
it. When the compromise bill—to which there
were such peans sung in every State of the South,
praising it and its illustrious authors—approxi-
mated towards its final close, one of thoseabstract
constitutional propositions got across the mind of
our President, that he could not ievy duties on a
home valuation. The duty was twenty per cent,
on a home valuation, but he finally instructed
collecters to collect sixteen and two thirds; and
that would be perfectly constitutional! Only re-
duce the duty, and any of those propositions are
constitutional in the minds of the most thorough
abstractionist that ever lived. Only put the du-
ties low enough, and there are no constitutional
scruples in the way. I think our duties now are
practically low enough lor any constitutional ob-
jector. All I ask, is, to try to stop cheating, for
the benefit of the prostrate labor of the country;
and do not throw constitutional abstractions in
their way, blocking their path to an honest live-
lihood. If I thought 1 should lose a vote for this
proportion by any constitutional scruple, I would
almost be willing to withdraw it; but 1 do not see
how that can be. Sir, I believe there are men in
this country who would take up fraud and cheat-
ing, and make a party hobby of it, if they thought
they could win an election by it; but, if there is
anything unconstitutional in trying to have a duty
fairly and honestly levied on everything that is
dutiable, I am at a loss to know why it should be
bo. It is a mere variation of the existing law;
and if any part of the present system is constitu-
tional, I do not see why this is not.
I had intended to say something more on this
subject; but I fear 1 have exhausted the patience
of the Senate, and I know 1 have exhausted my
own strength. 1 wiU say to Senators who have
troubles about incidental protection and inciden-
tal encouragement to laboi, that, although 1 do not
propose to iaise a dollar mote, or to vary, to the
amount of one eighth of one per cent., any late
of duty now imposed by the law, 1 should con-
sider it a great blessing to the laboring men of
this country, if Congress would call this law a
provision for the encouragement of American
labor. Nothing has tended more to discourage
the laboring men of our land, than the deliberate
turning of the backs of the public men of the
country upon the products of their labor. Sh,
you aie decorating, in the new Senate building,
a room to represent the agriculturist, for the Com-
mittee on Agriculture; butyou lyivo discontinued
the committee. You have no organ by which the
tillers of the earth can reach the ears of the Sen-
ate. You have turned your backs on them, as if
they were of no account. So it is with the man-
ufacturers and mechanics. I regiot that such
should be the case with tiie Government of the
United States. It is not the case with the Gov-
ernmentof England. Their Loid High Chancel-
lor—principal man—sits upon the wool-sack, and
every emblem points to some bianch of labor as
the source of the greatness of that great counlry.
I wish we could come back to the ways of our
forefathers, who, when they made the first law
for revenue, put in it a preamble, saying that it
was done with a view to the encouragement of man-
ufactures." The simple fact that the dignitaries
of this Government regarded the pursuits of laboi*,
would give a stimulant to every man engaged in
it. 1 would keep up a Committee ou Agiiculture
here, even if I knew the farmers would be so in-
dependent that, they would not petition you for
anything in a century. The effect of Congress
recognizing that great pillar of national strength
would, of itself, give it encouragement and cheer-
ing hope, and would be seen in the countenance
of every plowboy as he whistles to his team.
These things go further than we think. There is
not a mechanics' shop in the United States where
the men, if they thought the President or any
member of Congress was coming to visit them,
would not make another effort to give a little
higher polish to their work, to make it more
sightly for their gratification.
Sir, in my deliberate judgment we have got far
off from the old-fashioned path of true republican
government. I speak somewhat warmly, but not
unkindly to anybody. I know, in my own heart,
that I feel just the same interest for the working
men of the'land who reside in Louisiana, as I do
for those who reside in Rhode Island. T will ad-
vocate their rights and refuse to withdraw the
encouragement they receive just as readily in the
one case as the other. I think it a great advant-
agetotheproductionsof the South that the sugar
duty should be retained. I think it will give a
great deal more protection if the sugar is valued
in this country than if it is valued in Cuba. We
had a case before us the other day from New Or-
leans, showing a series of under valuations in four
years, of certain importations, to the amount of
over eighty thousand dollars, depriving the Gov-
ernment of $24,000 duty. It was suggested that
the Government was cheated by carrying out the
prices in the invoice. I intimated that the export-
ers of sugar at Cuba, making out their invoices
in arrobas and reals, made the computation very
easy. It is a pretty uniform practice, as I am
told, for the exporters of Cuba to make out two
invoices for every shipment they make—one true
and one false invoice.
The arrangement in the New Orleans case of
which I speak, was made with the young man
who was finally detected; he became a partner
with two respectable men, because he was well
acquainted with the custom-house portion of the
business. I do not say that the respectable men
in New Orleans shared in the profits; but I have
no doubt that the men who made the consign-
ments had an understanding with him. It is so
all over the country. Cheating the Government
in this way is as much a system as it used to be
in this country to get an honest livelihood.
I said the other day, in the sugar discussion,
that there was not a man in the employment of
this Government who had upon his back a broad-
cloth coat made in this country. I believe I stated,
in December, that when I began to think of this
question, it was on account of seeing in an Eng-
lish Review, which made a sort of left-handed ac-
knowledgment of the prowess of our naval forces
in the war of 1819, a statement thnt Americans
were pretty haul fellows to fight; but concluded
by exultmgly asking, who wears an American
coat, or who reads an American book r Sir, it is
disreputable to the people of the United States
that no man here to-day wears an American coat.
We have been listening to this siren song of free
trade for twelve years, and we have forgotten our
duties to our country. This Government spend-
ing its $70,000,000 which it levies on the people,
is, in its effect, Ilk'4 $70,000,000 levied on the peo-
ple of Ireland, and spent abroad—an aristocratic
levying upon a degraded and dependent tenantry;
for no man in the service of this Government
spends his earnings or his salary in the products
of the labors of the people who pay lnm. I do
not mean to complain of any party for this, but
I say it is a great mistake to have it so; and it is
the duty of Congress to alter such a condition of
things as soon as possible, and it will cost no man
a dollar to do it.
I do not expect to enlighten the Senate by what
I have to say on such subjects. I have, before
now, served a term of six years in the Senate. I
was in it at a time when it had some men of more
extended renown, and more universal reputation
for talent, than any I now see about me; but, in
my deliberate judgment, there has been no Senate
since the foundation of the Government, that had
a larger aggregate of talent than the one I now
sit in. I say this, after having been an attentive
observer while I have sat here—having served in
the present Senate one year, and listened with
great admiration and delight to the debates. I will
say one thing further: that having formerly served
here with some Senators more distinguished, or
rather with more wide-spread renown, than any
now living, that for what I call eloquence—that
which is effective to convince and to move men,
which spi irigs from the heart, and beams from the
eye, and finds utterence in words fitly spoken—
I have never known one here who surpassed the
Senator from Kentucky, who now sits near me,
[Mr. Crittenden.] Sir, when the Senator in-
troduced a resolution, in December last, declaring
itas thesense oftheSenate that, to preventfrauds,
Congress should provide for a home valuation of
foreign imports, he related what had recently
been told him in Philadelphia, by a man who had
recently been obliged to discharge some seventeen
hundied men from work in some of the iron works
of Pennsylvania. His plain, but graphic picture
of that occurrence showed that he loved his coun-
try and his countrymen, and that with him the
laboring men of his country are his fellow-coun-
trymen. All men can love their country, but few
men can urge upon others the practice of that vir-
tue as effectually as that Senator can.
I invoke Senators, if it be possible, to overcome
their constitutional scruples, and try to prevent
these frauds, that are like mill-stones around the
necks of the laboring men of this land. I know
what it is to labor. I know what it is to have la-
bor receive the encouragement of the Government
it loves. I know what it is to have a public sen-
timent everywhere speaking the language of pa-
triotism. There is no patriotism that does not
center in the laboring men of the country; for it
is the industry of the country to which you must
look not only for pecuniary aid to Government,
but for general sustenance, civilization, and re-
nown. I would say a word aboutfashions, and the
current notions that prevail among moralists, as
to the way to get out of these difficulties. I always
take notice and listen with great delight to the
clergymen of our land. Both moralists and po-
litical economists, as a general rule, attribute the
disasteis of the times to extravagance, and rec-
ommend economy as the remedy; that people
should economize; and that there have been ex-
travagant expenditures. That, to some extent, is
tine; but when there is pecuniary revulsion and
distress among the laboring classes, it would not
be my mode of getting out, to recommend to those
who are blessed with affluence that they should
economize their expenditures. On the contrary,
they should enlarge them for the benefit of those
in distress. I know it is a ready way of account-
ing for trouble to lay everything to extravagance;
but I do not believe the resources of any nation
in the world were ever crippled by the extrava-
gance bf its people, if they laid their money out
upon the products of their own country, and the
labor of their own countrymen. There would
be no distress in Ireland if the landholders spent
their rents upon that island.
Sir, this Government is pursuing the same
course in reference to our people. Professing to
be detnooiauc, they buy clothes made abroad:
they import their breadstuff's from Canada; and
I saw a notice in the Union yesterday morning
that there was a little revival in trade, some in-
crease of the importation of market vegetables
from Bermuda. That is your system; buy your
marketing in Bermuda, your wheat m Canada,
and your clothes m England and France; and that
is the way these $74,000,000 go—not to the peo-
ple who pay it, but abroad. The people of this
country are like the tenantry of Ireland. I do not
profess to have any great knowledge on these sub-
jects; but 1 know the influence of fashion; I know
the influence of public men upon public opinion;
and I invoke them, and invoke the females of this
land, instead of decorating themselves with fabrics
from abroad, in times of distress at least, to ex-
pend their means m adorning their persons with
articles which are the handiwork of their own
countrywomen. They can make as fine articles
as those made by any women in the woild. They
may cost a little more; but what of that? If the
cost is to be a matter of consideration, buy less
of them; but let what is laid out exert a beneficent
influence upon our own people.
I say this, Mr. President, in no spirit of a cynic;
I am no disciple of Diogenes. I like articles of
taste, and like to see people wear them; I recog-
nize the influence of the beautiful in elevating
society everywhere, and especially the influence
of ladies in our society; but I ask you, sir, if,
by this exclusive use of foreign fabrics, they are
not forgetting the jewel in their care for the cas-
ket? Arc there not, m times of general distress
such as we are passing through, considerations
of a higher character than those of mere outward
ornament? These are times when, by judiciously
employing the skill of their own people, they may
send comfort to the homes of many who are des-
titute, and thus add to the beauty of exterior or-
nament the internal graces of an Annie Andrews
and a Florence Nightingale, which have attracted
the admiration of the world.
Sir, if wc could individually, as Senators, make
up our minds, and if this Government and its em-
