185S.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury for the fiscal year ending June 30,1859,
" at |75,926,875 67, made up as follows:
Estimated balance in Treasury, July 1,1858, $4*26,875 67
Receipts from customs for the year ending
June 30, 1859  69.500,000 00
Receipts from sales of public lands for the
year ending June 30, J859  5,000,000 00
From miscellaneous sources  1.000,000 00
67
l J UUi iiuo^curtil^cuo isi;uiw-o.
Aggregate for the year ending June 30,1859,675,926,875
To obtain the above revenue, the importations
of dutiable goods for that period are estimated at
#370,000,000, a sum larger by $75,000,000 than
■was ever imported into this country m a single
year. It is a safe calculation to say that the av-
erage of prices for the next eighteen months will
range at twenty per cent, less than for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1857; and looking at the
effect of the revulsion of 1837, it would be a lib-
eral allowance for the country to give it the same
quantity of foreign merchandise for the year
ending June SO, 1859, that it had in the year
ending June 30, 1857, the period of our greatest
expansion. That quantity under then existing
prices, cost $294,160,835. Under the probable
prices for the nexteighteen months, it would cost
$235,328,668, which, at the average duty of the
new tariff of nineteenper cent., would give a rev-
enue of about #45,000,000, a falling off from the
Secretary's estimates of $24,500,000, for a single
year in the customs alone.
To suppose it possible for our importations of
dutiable goods to reach $370,000,000 for the year
ending June 30, 1859, we must first suppose a
return to that same " vicious system of bank
credits" and expansion from which we have em-
erged, and which, as the President says, invited
to such vast and ruinous importations and specu-
lations, and also to a return of the same condition
of reckless extravagance and folly in society; for,
in consequence of the latter alone, were we able
to make way with such vast quantities of foreign
gewgaws as we have heretofore imported. I pre-
sume that the Secretary does notexpect or desire
a return to that condition of things, for he tells us
that, " the only efficient remedy for such evils is
to be found in a return to the prudent counsels
and steady habits which, for a long time, were
unhappily laid aside." How then does the Sec-
retary expect importations of $370,000,000, from
which to draw $69,500,000 of revenue?
The experience of every man tells him that
there is a strong feeling pervading the minds of
all classes of community, that retrenchment in
expenditures is necessary. Heretofore, our peo-
ple have bought not only liberally, but extrava-
gantly; hereafter, and until the occurrences of the
past have been forgotten, they will buy prudently
and sparingly. The old coat will bp worn a little
longer, and wives and daughters will not complain
of having " nothing to wear," even though they
should not have a new dress for every day in the
year.
With the present reduction of our currency from
its nominal to its real value, and the habits of
economy which it imposes, I am satisfied that our
revenue will fall off even more than I have before
indicated. It is in vain for the Secretary to draw
a different deduction from the supposed value of
our exports during that period; for, unless J am
quite mistaken, our exports will fall off as much
as our imports. '
The total exports for the year ending June
30, 15)57, exclusive of specie and bullion, were
$278,906,713, made up as follows:
From cotton     $131,575,859
From provisions and breadstuffs  74,667^852
From tobacco  20,662,772
From rice  2,290.400
From other amclea  49.'/U9.«JO
Total .$278,906,713
The Secretary admits that our exports of pro-
visions and breadstuffs may fall off some, " but
that the increased value of the exportations of cot-
ton will probably make up the deficiency," and
that in the worst view our exports will not fall ■
short over ten per cent. I disagree with him. !
That his high hopes m regard to cotton ere doomed |
to disappointment must be evident to every per- I
son who has lately watched the cotton market. ;
From the most reliable sources that I have had j
access to, I learn that the cotton crop of this year j
will fall throe orfour hundred thousand bales short i
of last year. That the tendency of the decline
in prices will be to decrease the exportation must
be apparent. That such has already been the ef-
fect is well known. Last year, ata certain period
in December, there were one hundred and forty-
eight vessels in the United States loading with
cotton for Great Britain and France, against one
hundred and five vessels at a corresponding period
this year, clearly showing that a diminished quan-
tity is goingabroad this year. But admitting that
the quantity shall be the same, the great falling off
in prices must very seriously affect the last year's
aggregate. It appears by the finance report that
the price of cotton last year was very high, higher
by twenty-five per cent, at least than it has been
for the past five years, the average price being
twelve and fifty-five one hundredths cents per
pound. At the present moment it is only worth
about nine cents.
The following table will show the relative prices
of cotton, January 1,1857, and January 1,1858:
NEW YORK CLASSIFICATION", ,TANT(URY 1 , 1857.
Urlamb. Florida. Mobile.
Ordinary 11% 11% 11 X
Middling 13 13 13# 13#
Middling Fair....13% 13% 13% 14
Fair 14* 13% 14 14#
NEW YORK CLASSIFICATION, JANUARY 1, 1858.
Uplands. Florida. Mobile.
Ordinary -
Middling  9 9,^ 9# 9#
Middling Fair  9# 9& 9%
Fair  9* 9#
The falling off in price is twenty-five per cent,
from last year. Admitting that it goes no lower
than the average of the last five preceding years,
and that the same quantity is exported as last
year, and your receipts will be, from cotton,
$98,681,895.
The falling off in provisions and breadstuffs
will largely exceed, in proportion, tho loss on cot-
ton. For the past three or four years our exports
of breadstuffs and provisions have been largely
in excess of previous years, the result m the main
of the Russian war, whereby the ports of the
Baltic and Black sea were closed, and that great
and principal source of supply cut off, leaving this
country to supply the deficiency. That cause is
removed; ana all the grain ports of Jiurope are
now open, and their productions in free compe-
tition with ours. In addition to this, all those
European countries that have been purchasers of
breadstuffs from us were last year blessed with a
most abundant harvest. The result we see, not
only in the greatly diminished quantity wanted,
but also a decline in price of nearly fifty per cent.
If, then, we allow that the quantity exported will
reach seventy-five per cent, of last year, and that
the price has declined forty per cent., the result
will be that we shall export breadstuffs and pro-
visions this year to the amount of $33,600,333.
The next largest article of export is tobacco.
The quantity exported lastyear wasaboutsix mil-
lion dollars greater than that of any previous year,
which had before never exceeded $14,712,468.
How far the quantity exported this year will vary
from last, 1 have had no very good means of judg-
ing; but a comparison of last year's prices with
the present, at Baltimore, the great tobacco mart,
shows a falling off of thirty or forty per cent.; and
the greatly red uced price abroad leads to the belief
that a diminished quantity will be exported this
year; but,allowing that there is not, the falling off
in price will reduce the value of our exports ut this
year twenty-five per cent, from last.
The value of rice exported I shall put down
the same as last year; and also all other articles,
though it must be apparent that several millions
ought to be deducted, and our exports will foot
up as follows:
Exports of cotton  $98,681,895
Exports of breadstuffs and provisions  33,600,333
Exports of tobacco  15,197,079
Exports of nee  2,290,400
E\portb ot all other articles  49,709,830
Total exports $199,778,537
The above will represent our ability to pay for
importations for the year ending 30th June next,
and all that we buy beyond that we must either
run in debt for or still furthei leduce our limited
amount of coin.
I have not time to take up and criticise the esti-
mates from the sales of the public lands for the
year ending June 30,1859, and will only say here,
that, in my opinion, he has over-estimated at Jeaat
one and a half millions.
There is one other view of the Secretary'a figur-
ing that I desire to present, and then X leave the
subject. It appears that, under our extravagant
importations of last year, the amount consumed
per capita was $8 45. The Secretary estimates that
our importations will incrense at the rate of ten
percent, per annum, and that our importations
will reach $370,000,000 worth of dutiable goods
for the year ending June 30, 1859; and asjUndrr
the new tariff, the goods not paying duty will
reach at least one fourth the amount of those pay-
ing duty, the total amount of imported goods for
that year, if the Secretary is right, would reach
$462,500,000. If you will add to that the Secre-
tary's estimate of increase for the ten years there-
after, you will find that, in 1869, we shall import
about twelve hundred million dollars* worth of
merchandise, which, making all due allowance for
the increase of our population, would give about
thirty dollars for each man, woman, and child in
the United States, black or white, or more than
three times the present amount consumed. I con-
tent myself by stating this without comment.
If, then, my estimates are at all correct, they
disclose the fact of a deficiency of over nine mil-
lions forthis year and twenty-six miliionsfornext
year, provided you keep your expenses within the
estimates, which, in view of the affairs of Utah*
Kansas, and Central America, which you have
on your hands, nobody believes you will do. If
gentlemen on the other side of the House expect
to make up that deficiency by borrowing, let them
say so at once. The country is impatient to know
what the policy of the Government is to be—-
whether you intend to pay as you go, or saddle
your extravagance upon posterity.
Speaking for myself alone, I have to say that,
while I hold a seat here, it must bo an extraordi-
nary emergency that can induce me to vote for
any schemc to raise money, unless a method for
its speedy payment shall be at the same time
adopted. If free trade and direct taxation is to
be the policy, bring it forward. If you intend to
depend upon imposts for revenue, then fix your
duties at once at such a rate as will give the re-
quired revenue; but do not leave the country grop-
ing in its present state of uncertainty.
Upon you, gentlemen of the other side of the
House, belongs the responsibility of this question
of currency and revenue. The Republican party
of this House,though representinga large portion
of the business and capital of the country, is nearly
lost sight of upon the most important committee
of the House—the Ways and Means—and New
England is ignored entirely.
if I had time, I should be glad to say a word
in regard to the existing tariff law—an act which
I believed at the time of its passage, and now be-
lieve, was ruinous, unwise, and unjust, and which
I voted against; but I cannot dwell upon it at any
length. That it will prove inadequate to purposes
of revenue must be apparent by this time, and
must satisfy all reasonable men that its passage
was an error. We cannot correct that error any
too soon. In looking at the subject now, it passes
my comprehension how grave and experienced
statesmen could expect that that tariff, with a
largely increased free list, and a reduction of duty
on dutiable goods to an average of nineteen per
cent., and with a foreign valuation, could produce
a revenue adequate to the extravagant wants of
the Treasury. It did not require great foresight
to predict, a year ago, that a financial revulsion
was not far off, that would greatly reduce, even
under the old tariff act, the receipts from customs;
and I confess that I did not share in the fears en-
tertained by some on this, as well as the other
side of the House, that if some legislation was
not had speedily, all the coin in the country would
soon find its way into the sub-Treasury; and it
was for this and other reasons, that when the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
brought forward his project to distribute the sur-
plus revenue with the States, that I, almostalone
on this side of the House, voted against it.
And now one woid in regard to banks and the
currency. I have already stated what I thought
about the system genei-ally. The doctrine is often
advanced that a currency composed in part of
bank paper is indispensable, and that a specie
currency would be attended with such inconvem-
