2508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
priations already contained in this bill, and the
state of the Treasury, I think we ought to save a
little, and let the courts wait.
Mr. BROWN. No one wants to economize
more than I do, and I show it by the very meager
appropriations I ask for the District. This is the
Jast one we have. Five thousand dollars was
voted down a little while ago, and you havegiven
but $800. There is no economy in refusing this
appropriation, for the reason, as I said before,
that you keep your jail constantly full of prison-
ers, fed at the public expense, simply because the
courts cannot sit for their trial. They cannot sit
unless you provide some place for holding the
courts. As to asking this city to provide court-
houses for the Federal courts, that would be
unreasonable. It never has been done, and 1
suppose never will be.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say one word in
regard to this appropriation, as I did not agree
to it in committee; and the reason I did not agree
to it was that a few years since we made an ap-
propriation of $30,000 to finish the exterior of the
City Hall, and there was contained in that statute
an express provision that the city authorities
should thereafter furnish the United States courts
with all the rooms they required for courts of all
kinds in that building. It was fairly made in the
shape of a contract, and I am for holding the city
*to it.
Mr. BROWN. In reply to the Senator from
Maine, I will state very bi-ieily certain facts, to
which I hope the Senate will listen. The City I lull
was built originally by the city of Washington,
at acostof seventy-eight thousand dollars and up-
wards. Afterwards, in 1823, Congress appropri-
ated $10,000 for accommodations m that house.
They made no other appropriation up to 1849,
when they appropriated the #,'>0,000, of which the
Senator from Maims now speaks. That made their
appropriation #40,000, and the city appropi union
$78,750, for the erection of that building. When
you mudi' the #30,000 appropriation, the city gave
up to the Federal Government one half of the
building, and therefore gave you all the accom-
modation they could give. If Congress invited
them into an agreement with whuh they could
not comply, by asking you to give them more ac-
commodation than the subsequent growth of the
business of the Government enabled you to give
them, it would be very hard to try to enforce the
contract, especially seeing, as you must, that for
the cost of the building, you having one half of
it, you are in arrears *>'$8,000. Vou paid #40,000
and the ctty #78,000; you own half the building;
and nil you are asked to do is, to conic up pretty
well to the standard of paying for your half. Your
courts sit there. It is not lor the accommodation
of any officer <>f the city government, but the ac-
commodation of yourown criminal court, that this
appropriation is asked. Theie is no loom in the
building for that court, and none can be provided
wilhoul a further outlay of money from some-
body. Will you demand it of the city? I hope
not. It has paid already #78,000 to your #40,000.
1 know such a provision exists as the Senator from
Maine speaks of. 1 think I moved the original
amendment myself, and that proviso was put on
in the Senate. It passed in that form. The money
was expended under the authority of the United
States. The Secretary of the Treasury had it all
arranged to his satisfaction at that day. The in-
creased demands for the accommodation for courts
in the District of Columbia show that there is not
room enough in the building to accommodate the
courts. I hope the amendment will pass.
Mr. GREEN. I have no woid to say on this
amendment; but the Senator fiom Illinois [Mr.
Trumbttl] is not now in his seat. He told me
he had an amendment to propose to strike out
the appropriation for the coast survey. I intend to
vote with him, and I intend to support his amend-
ment when it comes up. I mention this to show
that it is utteily impossible to get through the bill
to-night. ['< Let us go on."] I have one or two
amendments to propose on my own hook. As
we cannot get through to-day, and we have done
pretty good work this week, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn. ["Oh,no!"]
Mr. BROWN. I hope not. Let us get through
these little District amendments.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. i, like the Senator fioni Mis-
sissippi, have nothing to say on the amendment,
but I should be glad to have some understanding
as to the chance of finishing this bill.
Mr. BROWN. Take the vote; that is the best
way.
Mr. BIGLER. If we are to be kept much
longer with this bill, we ought to go into execu-
tive session. There are a large number of nom-
inations that ought to be confirmed, and some to
which I presume there will be no objection. A
number are important, and ought to be disposed of
to-day. If the Senator from Virginia thinks we
cannot get through with the bill to-day, I will
make a motion for an executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I cannot say
whether we can get through the bill or not. Ican-
not say what amendments are to be offered. Let
us go on.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have several amendmentsfrom
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
that I wish to offer, and among them is the amend-
ment now pending. I am very glad the Senator
from Mississippi has offered it.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. 1VERSON. Is that motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I intended to say something
on the amendment; but if it is likely to pass, I
shall not occupy the time of the Senate. 1 have
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, and
also from the judges of the courts on the subject,
containing an unanswerable argument as to the
propriety of this appropriation, but if it is likely
to pass ) will not say a word.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. In line two hundred and one
of the original bill, I move to stuke out the word
" Potomac'* m the following clause:
<• For n n.urs of the Potomac, Navy- Vuril, and Upper
binJire*, 1)1)0."
This is the old controversy about the Long
Budge. I have been opposed to the br'dge all the
time, as Senators know. The Senate expressed
its determination at the last session of Congress
i to make no further appropriations to that bridge
j for reasons which I will not undertake to weaiy
j the Senate at this late hour of the evening, by re-
j capitulating, taking it for granted they are tVcsh
1 in the recoileetion of every one. Why it is that
i this estimate was m'achjtin the face of the refusal
of Congress to keep^ffp the bridge, I do not un-
I derstatul. I suppose there is some law, under
i which the Se'uvtaiy feels ii his duly to make the
I estimate, but i feel it my duty to move to strike
i it out. I move tostrikeoutthe word "Potomac."
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to argue
! the mailer, but I wish to say that if it had not
I escaped my notice,] would have moved tostiike
; it out in committee. It must have got there by
j indirection I think, for I am sa' islied it would not
| pas^ either House without inspection,
j Mr. HUNTER. Itis in the bill from the House,
j ?<4r. EESSENDGN. 1 know it is; and I should
j have moved to strike it out if 1 had noticed it.
] Mr. HUNTER. This is a matter m which a
j large portion of the people of my State feel a deep
j interest; and I believe a majority of the people
| of Washington feel equally as much interest. 1
j believe that if it were put to the people of the city
i of Washington to say, a large majority of them
! would be found to declare that they believe this
j one of the most useful connections that exists. I
i am sure that so far as the people of Virginia are
! connected with it—from wheic we get our mar-
j ketmg—there is no other connection which they
| would value as much. Nov/, 1 do not see why
i this should be stricken out; I do not see why it
! is that we keep up budges to connect us with
i Maryland, over the Eastern Branch, and strike
this out. So far as the old objection is concerned
of the mud flats, I believe that when it comes to be
examined, it will be found that those fiats would
exist in any event; and 1 am unwilling to stand by
without remonstrance and see that bridge stricken
down. The effect will be to break up the con-
nection, and leave us to a ferriage over the river;
and that at a time, too, when a through ticket has
been established m order to accommodate the
whole line of travel from New York to New Or-
leans.
Mr. MASON". If the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi is persevered in, I shall feel it
my duty as a citizen of Virginia, representing her
and interested in the welfare of the city of Wash-
ington, to state somewhat at laige the reasons
which will operate on me in voting against strik-
ing out the appropriation, without any discour-
tesy, certainly, to the honorable Senator. It seems
to me that to do so vvould involve to some extent
the faith of the United States.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not.
Mr. JONES. It is raining very hard, and we
cannot get home. It is no use to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not a de-
batable question.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 22.
Mr. MASON. The Long Bridge was built a
good many years ago by a private company, an
incorporation. They found it an unprofitable in-
vestment, and after expending a great deal of
money in keeping it up, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States took it off their hands, paid them, I do
not know what, and relieved that company from
the duty of furnishing this communication; and
ever since that day, now nearly twenty years ago,
if not more, Congress has acted as though under
an obligation to Virginia to keep that bridge up,
and has from time to time appropriated for it.
The bridge which is across the Eastern Branch,
near the navy-yard, and the bridge which is
across the Potomac above Georgetown, both hc-
| mg toll bridges, have been also taken possession
I of by Congress purchasing out the proprietors,
: and from time to time they have expended public
i money in keeping those budges up. Now it is
I proposed by the honorable Senator from Missis-
j sippt to withhold an appropuation from the Long
i Bridge. This is a very scanty one and can have
! the effect only of making the most temporary re-
i pairs. It is proposed by the honorable Senator
| to withhold that appropriation for the purpose of
t allowing that bridge to become impassable and to
be no longer of use. That can be the only object
, the Senator has in withholding this appropriation,
j 1 would say, with all respect to the Senate, that
| Congiess having taken this bridge out of the hands
< of the original owners, who were citizens of Wash-
! ington,and having come under at least an implied
i faith to keep up this communication, to destroy it
j at once without substituting something in its place,
; would be a want of faith on the part of the Gov-
! ernment. I hope, therefore, that the appropria-
i lion will not be stricken out.
| Mr. BROWN. The clause is this:
| L'or it-pairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard, and Upper
liri.!«rs, ,<*6,000."
How the money is to be apportioned, I do not
understand; but I suppose about #2,000 to each
luidge. I stated in the beginning, that I moved
to strike out the word " Potomac," and if that
1 prevailed I should move to reduce the appropria-
] tion by #2,000, the sum which I suppose is in-
| tended for the repair of that particular bridge.
I Mr. GREEN. It is the most important bridge
of all, and i shall vote for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest one con-
; sideratton. They have lately established a tin ough
i ticket for the shortest line of travel from New
, York to New Orleans, and that line of travel has
: either to pass over the Long Bridge in the winter,
i or else be interrupted; because let that go down,
i and there is no otherin its place. Justat the time
• we have entered into this arrangement, the Sen-
: ator from Mississippi proposes to strike out this
1 connecting link.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that it is
any business of the Government to be providing
bridges for private companies to sell through
tickets. You might as well say let us provide
I one over every other river, and if one happens
j to be broken down, let us provide a new one.
1 If is none of our business to do any such thing.
' This whole business of keeping up this bridge
, involves the question of running railroads through
I your principal streets and across your principal
■ avenues. There are half a dozen companies now
importuning Congress, log-rolling, seeking in
every shape and form, to be allowed to cross
through the heart of your city and through your
1 principal streets with a railroad. There is a com-
! pany urging the right to cross this very bridge
j with railroad cars: I am opposed to it. I have
i no objection to see them cross abridge above the
