THE CONGRESSIONAL €;LOSE,
January 2§,
;«nccas to render-its general use very undesirable.
'I-flo not agree to this "proposition. It has been
sny fortune to reside in a community which, for
■a period; of abo-ut ten years, from 1843 to 1853,
hull an exclusive metallic currency, and even up
Ubsthi© time-has & very large infusion of the pre-
:-CT©€rs metals. I suppose that the " lead mines"
-<ofWisconsin and Illinois furnish the only instance
'ihthe United States, this side of California, where
a paper circulation has been dispensed with; and
how that came about was in this wise: prior to
•1843 we had, if not the most worthless currency
•imaginable, it was because Nebraska, Georgia,
and Tennessee wild-cat banks had not then come
into notice. Then our circulation was composed
of the irredeemable issues of the State Bank ot'
"Illinois, which, as between that and real money,
were at a discount of about twenty per cent. For
long time the miners submitted to this tax upon
their labor; but finally rebelled, held meetings,
and resolved that, as their staple brought real
'money in the Eastern markets where it was sold,
they would not be put off by the middle men with
irredeemable rags. The consequence was, that
when theproducer refused to receive depreciated
paper, the purchaser had to find coin. Gold,
which before was so scarce as to be a curiosity,
ti-ow took the place of paper, and completely drove
!at out of circulation. Exchange, which before was
at a premium of fifteen to twenty per cent., went
<lown to about par. That the people were sub-
jected to no inconvenience in having to use coin
instead of paper, I can bear testimony. If a man
•was desirous of traveling from one extreme of the
'Union to the other, he could readily and easily
carry coin upon his person to meet ail necessary
outlays.
Now, what our miners accomplished in the way
of reforming the currency, may, with concert of
^action, be accomplished by other producers. At
the present moment Iowa and portions of Illinois
arc overrun with paper money purporting to be
issued by banks in Nebraska, and other far-off
places, which has driven all good money out of
■circulation. It passes in limited circles, because
the people are deluded with the idea that if they
<lo not receive that for their surplus there is noth-
ing for them. They do not seem to understand
the fact, that the man who deals out irredeemable
paper to them for their flour, wheat, corn, and
pork, receives good money for those commodities
•when he sends them forward to market. The rem-
edy of the producer is plain; and that is, to refuse
to receive anything for hts surplus but what the
United States Government recognizes as money.
But as it may be difficult to secure the concert
of action which would be Accessary to accom-
plish this object to its fullest extent, it is well
worthy of inquhy if the Government has not the
power to impose such burdens upon the banks as
will result in giving us a currency of coin or its
icquivitle.nt. Should Congress impose a Tax on all
bills under twenty dollars, of such an amount as
would exclude them from circulation, and thus
substitute in their place coin, which would be used
in all small daily transactions, the eflect would, no
doubt, be most salutary. We should then have,
tu all times, a large infusion of coin in our cur-
rency, and should be less liable to fluctuations
than we now are.
It is a very common thing for western bankers
to issue money that is payable at some remote and
difficult point of access. This plan, as appears
from a letter of Colonel Benton, recently pub-
lished, had Jts origin with a Scotchman of Aber-
deen, about the year 1806. Another Scotchman,
from the same Aberdeen, is the father of the same
system in the West.
Of ail the States, democratic Georgia has been
most prolific in giving birth to illegitimate banks
for foreign circulation; though the Territory of
Nebraska appears to have followed along not far
behind. From a recent Chicago paper, it would
seem as though Nebraska had brought forth wild
cat banks by the lmei; and Pontoielle, Florence,
Platte Valley, Nemaha, Wanbeek, De Soto, and
Tekama, are some of the euphonious names ap-
pended to the rag-mills of that far-off Territory,
all of which would no doubt have received then-
quietus from Congress long ago, had it not been
for the modern heresy of non-intervention.
The State which I in part represent has perhaps
as good a banking law as any other-, but even
thfcre, in some instances, they come the dodge
of practical inconvertibility, by locating their
banks in the wilderness, at points existing only
in the bankers' imagination; or, if having a real
existence, to reach them would be attended with
as much difficulty and danger as an exploration of
Central Africa.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg] has
given notice of a bill to allow the sub-Treasury
and United States Mint to receive deposits, and to
issue for purposes of circulation certificates there-
for. At this moment it does not strike me with
much favor; and I fear, if once adopted, it would
lead to complications on the part of the Govern-
ment that would be fatal to its well-being; but
without prejudging the proposition, I shall wait
patiently to hear what may be said in its favor.
Mr. ANDERSON obtained the floor; but he
yielded to
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, who moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will withdraw
the motion to rise, I will suggest that, by unan-
imous consent, other gentlemen who wish to speak
this evening can do so without depriving my col-
league of the right to the floor m the morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will withdraw the
motion, if that be considered the geneial under-
standing.
There was no objection to the suggestion of Mr.
Phelps, and the motion to rise waswithdrawn.
Mr. GRANGER, obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a personal explanation ?
Mr. GRANGER. I cannot.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am sorry for it.
Mr. GRANGER. The Administration is
alarmed at its financial condition. It has reason
to be alarmed. By extravagance and folly our ex-
penses have run up to eighty or ninety millions a
year, while our revenue has run down to twenty-
five or thirty. The President hab one part of the
Army in the Rocky Mountains, blockaded by
snow and the Mormons; another playing second
fiddle to slavery in Kansas; and the remainder
fighting for glory with Billy Bowlegs. And now,
sir, four regiments more are called for. When 1
vote any more men to such a commander, I reckon
my constituents wiil find it out.
Sir, the Government is in trouble, and so are the
people. The President, m his message, says:
" Wo find our ninuufactine-* --uspewle'l, our puhlte vvoi les
retarded, our piiv.ite eiih:t pines of dillcrent kinds aban-
doned, thousiimN of useuil laborer tluowu out ot employ-
ment and reduced to want, and our iinancial condition de-
plorable.
Sir, the countiy is suffering with great pecu-
niary distress. Bankruptcy every wheie prevails,
and the people are struggling with hard times.
At the commencement of the session many an anx-
ious eye sought the President's message for some
tokens of relief. The message came and imi/, and
not a ray of hope from that quarter. Pointing to
the State banks as though they were the source of
all the trouble, the President advises "that no
State banks should be chartered unless restricted
in their issues of paper to the amount of specie
m their vaults," saying:
" -All otha !e-"ti irtions arc ooinp.uativclv vani; and noth-
ing eKe could elleeiiially tc^ul.Ut: the eiuieney.''
And before he leaves the subject, cautions the
sovereign States to compel their banks to keep on
hand at least one third of the amount of their
issues and deposits in coin—just having told them
that " that amount would be vain and entirely in-
adequate to regulate the currency."
Now, the country looks to its for aid; and shall
it look m vain?
There is a cause for all this trouble, and there
i is a remedy, and that remedy is with the majority
j of this House.
I ask, then, is there any measure of relief to be
proposed ? If there is, I trust the minority will
fling no obstacles m the way, no factious opposi-
tion, but will cheerfully cooperate in any meas-
ure of relief. The Democratic part)'', by its mis-
taken policy, has made the mischief—has caused
this financial revulsion and wide-spread misery.
It was the repeal of the protective tariff of 1842
: and the substitution of the revenue or free-trade
i tariff of 1846 that did it. It was done without
icason, a'j,a'nsl the light of experience, and in
disregard of the voiv,e of the nation as clearly j
expressed in the election of 1840. j
If there was any other cause for the repeal of 1
the tariff of 1842 than that it was a JF/fig measure,
I have it yet to learn. The principle of protection
was discarded. Yes, sir, the principle and policy
of fostering the industry and labor of the country-
were denounced and rejected.
With this change of tariff we began to purchase
more abroad and manufacture less at home.
The balance scale settled down against us, and
the debt to England began to pile up, till it has
reached the enormous amount of $500,000,000, and
we are all but vassals to the Bank of England.
It holds the rod over us, and can apply it when
it pleases, and will do it as interest or pleasure
shall dictate.
Whoever thinks that we can have prosperous
times, without a. good, safe, mixed paper and specie
currency, or can have strong, useful banks, with
such a foreign debt hanging over us, is mistaken.
A foreign debt that calls for half the gold we
dig to pay the interest, mightily dilutes our inde-
pendence.
The debt must be canceled, and nothing: but a
return to a steady, unwavering system of home
protection can do it.
Void of that policy we import $20,000,000 worth
of woolens a year, every yard of which should
be made here,and the money kept at home—while
it is said we have not a single broadcloth factory
in motion.
One hundred and twenty million pounds of im-
ported wool is brought here for us to wear, which
our own hill-sides and prairies could as well pro-
duce, and our farmers have the pay for it.
Nineteen million dollars in steel, railroad, and
other iron, is made for us in foreign lands, by
foreign hands, while our own iron-works are still,
and our workmen idle and begging for employ-
ment.
Sir, our own home-grown cotton must be toted
off to England for her to spin and send back for
its to pay for at ten times the price she gave us for
it; and this is what is falsely called free trade.
For this deceptive, starving, wretched policy the
laboring man is decoyed to vote the Democratic
ticket.
Sir, the single article of iron for a single year,
had it been made here, as it might have been, and
should have been, and would have been under the
tariff of ifc>4^, would notonly have kept the money
here, but it would have furnished employment for
fifty thousand men, and have made comfortable
three hundred thousand women and children, and
they, m turn, would have made a home maiket for
the farmer equal to the whole amount sold Great
Britain.
Sir, it is for the party who, for good or evil,
rule the country, to retrace their steps and allow
tins road to ruin to be trod no longer. What has
been aheady lost cannot be restoied. The wounds
may be healed, but the scars will remun.
Sir, there is a way to relieve the country, and
there is hut one way; and that way is plain before
you, and truth and experience point you to it.
It is a tariff for protection and m-emte inci-
dental.
A protective tariff never lacks revenue.
It was the protective tariffs of 1821 and 1828
that enabled President Jackson to pay off the war
debt of the Revolution, principal, and interest,
§100,000,000.
Sir, protection was then a measure of the Dem-
ocratic party. Then, sir, there was a Democratic
party.
The highest of all protective tariffs, that of 1828
was matured and reported by the distinguished
Democratic leader, Silas Wright, and sustained
by Calhoun and that party, South and North.
Then it was right to look out for number one.
Then it was right to find for ourselves first.
Then it was Democratic to sustain, by legisla-
tion, the great industrial interests of the whole
; country, and to give our own manufactures, mc~
j chanics, farmers, and laboring men, a shade of
j advantage in our own markets over the workmen
; of foreign countries.
1 Then it was that Andrew Jackson said: " Place
| your manufacturers by the side of your farmer*,
; and you cover your country with blessings."
; Sir, there was never a more statesmanlike senti-
| ment uttered.
' It was as true as the Bible then, and it is as
j true as the Bible now.
: But if you will not do it, give us out and out
; free trade.
