1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2509
point of navigation. That is only about a quar-
ter or half a mile above Georgetown where piers
have already been erected, over which a bridge
can be constructed at comparatively little cost.°
By making that connection, the engineer who
made the survey says the railroad connection be-
tween Washington city and Alexandria will be
some twenty minutes shorter in time than it ever
can be by crossing at the £ong Bridge, though the
distance is greater. That is so, for the reason that
railroad cars can only cross bridges at the rate
of five miles an hour; the Long Bridge is a little
more than a mile long; the other route would be
about two hundred and fifty or three hundred
yards long; and the time saved from crossing the
bridge, would more than compensate the loss in
distance between the two cities. Then you would
do no injustice to Georgetown; you would not be
constantly obstructing navigation to her port; you
would have no Government work below your
presidential mansion, creating miasma, sickness,
disease, and death, as this Long Bridge has been
doing for the last twenty and more years. I did
not think uf alluding to these things in the begin-
ning; because the Senate has so often expressed
a determination not to keep the bridge up, that I
supposed it was one of the foregone conclusions;
and no one now would struggle to keep the Gov-
ernment's hands on this bridge, if it was not his
settled determination sooner or later to force a rail-
road passage across there at the expense of the
Government, for there is no railioad company
on God's earth that ever will construct a railroad
bridge there. The estimates are, that a bridge
can be built at the point above Georgetown, for
less than one million dollars; and the estimate for
a bridge at the site of the Long Bridge, is largely
over three million dollars.
I know what this will result in, in the end. I
know why it is so pertinaciously insisted upon.
It is, ultimately, to force a railroad badge across
at the site of the present Long Bridge. Apart from
that, there is nothing in the question. It is not
the little $*2,000 that is connected with this ap-
propriation. I do not care a sixpence about that;
I would just as soon it was made as not. But
there aie very important considerations of health,
commerce, and great public convenience, con-
nected with this question. Make your railroad
connection at Georgetown. You need not annoy
the city of "Washington by having railroad cars
running through your principal streets and ave-
nues, a dozen or twenty times a day. The con-
nection can be made, us is shown by a survey,
from very near the site of the present depot,
through one of the back streets, even so far out
as Boundary street, down Rock creek, to its junc-
tion with the Potomac, then up to the present site
of the aqueduct, and so across the Potomac to
the South, in less time than it can be made the
other way, and with no annoyance to anybody,
if the Government will notbuild a railroad bridge
at the site of the present Long Bridge, private
companies will construct their roads in the other
direction, as they ought to do. ;
Mr. GREEN. I look upon this bridge as one j
of the great conveniences of Washington. I have i
seen nothing on this side of the Potomac to sus- j
tarn the city cither in meat cattle, in the ordinary j
provisions, or anything else. If you destroy it, I
I do not know what will become of Washington.
Maryland has nothing to supply its place. But, !
apart from that, the Senator from Mississippi says !
that it is no business of this Government to keep !
up bridges to accommodate the public for mails j
or otherwise. I answer, that his own amendment '
loaves an appropriation to make a bridge across '
the east branch of the Potomac, and other bridges j
m the District of Columbia; and so far as the i
piiuciple is concerned, he is violating it just as j
much, if you adopt lus amendment, as if you do |
not adopt it. But the great question comes back: ,
ought this bridge to be kept up ? Ought Congress |
to help to keep it up? These are the two points '
to winch our attention ought to be directed. So !
far as I am concerned, I think it ought to he kept j
up. I have no prejudices to Georgetown. If they <
want a bridge there, it can be made; and if pro- ,
portionate aid ought be given to Georgetown to .
make a bridge, let it be done. But here is an ap- '
propnation already made. Three fourths—yes, '
four fifths of this bridge is permanent. It is founded !
upon the base, and built up from the foundation 1
of the river. It is not temporary work. Across ,
the channel, on the east and on the west side,
perhaps I ought to say on the north and on the
south side, if is tressel work, which does decay
and require repair. It leaves open the channel of
communication. Vessels can still pass through,
and do pass through, as I see nearly every day.
It is a convenience to the city of Washington; it
it is a convenience to the traveling public: it is a
convenience to the citizens of Virginia; and it
affords a good supply to the market of the city
of Washington. I should very much dislike to
see the bridge destroyed.
On the score of health, I think it a very late
period to rise here and make objection that it, by
its obstruction of the channel, has generated a
miasma detrimental to the Executive mansion. I
do not suppose that the insalubrity of the Exec-
utive mansion will cause anybody to decline being
President. [Laughter.] The incumbent can go
to the Soldiers' Home, or some other point, to re-
cuperate. If you fail to keep up the repairs, the
very point of this bridge at which it is pretended
the accumulation of the sediment has caused the
miasmatic influence, is where there is a permanent
embankment in the center of the stream. If you
intend to remove that it will cost you £10,000,000.
I announce to the Senate to-day, if you intend to
counteract the very thing to which exception is
taken, it will cost you $10,000,000. Will you do
it? I know you will not. If you will not, why
will you consider the pretex(that is urged ? Take
away the tressel woik on both sides, and the
cause of the increase of the sediment still remains,
and it ever will remain until you take away that
which first produced it. If you remove all that
embankment and remove all that sediment collected
west of it, it will cost you moie tluin ten million
dollars, and it will cont you more than one mil-
lion to keep it removed. I reason fiom the nature
of the thing itself. You have thrown in your em-
bankment, and I challenge any engineer to call in
contest a single assertion I make on this subject.
I challenge any one. I say it will cost $10,000,000
to remove that which you say is a cause of ob-
jection. What Senator here proposes to remove
it? Docs the Senator from Mississippi? I ask
him, do you propose to remove that>
Mr. BROWN. I will say to the Senator from
Missouri that it seems to me he is talking entirely
out of the record. Avery intelligent civil engi-
neer, employed by the Government on account of
his superior intelligence to make the survey and es-
timate what it would cost, came to the conclusion
that it not only would not cost $10,000,000, but,
under a proper system of management, it would
absolutely be a matter of pecuniary profit to tjie
Government; and I will explain how that is. By
making the improvement according to the calcu-
lation of Captain Rives, a very highly intelligent
scientific man, the filling m from the grading of
the grounds above would make ground inside,
where the marsh now lies, and above the tide,
which being sold at the existing price of land,
would return all the money you pay.
Mr. GREEN". Is it possible that the United
States is to engage in the business of making
land in order to sell it? I recollect reading an
anecdote that occurred in Europe. A Yankee
there was approached by some of the Europeans,
and asked, " Well, you have approached the
Pacific coast; you have gone up to the Pacific
border; where now will you go?"' Well, now,"
he replied, " don't take on any airs; we are going
to cart the Rocky Mountains out into the Pa-
cific, and make a hundred miles of land there."
[Laughter.] That is just like the Senator from
Mississippi. He is going to cart m the mud out
of the bottom of the Potomac to make land; and
whose property will it be ? You say you are
going to pay the expense of editing it out and
making land by selling the kind; but whose land
will it be ? Where are the riparian rights of pro-
prietors ? What right hnve you to put the mud
of an embankment opposite my land, and sell that
as public land, and cut me off from the river?
You have no right, and the moment the question
ever comes before the courts, they will so de-
cide.
Then, where will you put it ? You will put it
opposite the Washington Monument, and when
you put it opposite the Washington Monument,
how will you sell it ? " Oh," you will say, " tins
must be appropriated to the public benefit; orna-
mented with trees; and §50,000 will be required
to ornament it;" and so you will lay the founda-
tion for a new tax upon the Treasury.
In every aspect in which you view this ques-
tion it is fraught with danger; beware of it! There
is a cause now existing to which the Senator turns
attention that cannot be removed without an ex-
penditure of $10,000,000. Ifyoudonotintend to
expend that $10,000,000, pay no attention to that
cause.. If you do intend to expend the $10,000,000,
do it at once; say so boldly at once. That being
thrown out of the question, we have a communi-
cation which can be kept up with $2,000 a year.
It will accommodatc the city of Washington; it
will accommodate the State of Virginia; it will
accommodate the traveling public. It is but car-
rying out a promise which the public had a right
to expect would be fulfilled. Will you forfeit all
that on arguments and hypotheses that have no
foundation in truth ? for all these questions about
miasma and the filling up of the Potomac have no
word of truth in them m point of fact; and if there
is any truth in them, it will take $10,000,000 to re-
move them. It cost $10,000,000 to build a canal
where you did not remove more square yards of
mud than you will find m this bridge and in the
sediment west of the bridge. I know the expense
of erecting the mud machines. I know the diffi-
culty of excavating from the "bottom of a river.
If you undertake to remove it you will incur an'
expense which this Government will never be able
to bear; and that is not all: yi five years after you
have removed it, bridge and all, you will find one
half of the difficulty that now exists, and in ten
years you will liml the whole difficulty. It is
irom the current of the Potomac, and the channel,
and the wash.
Why,sn,ni Scotland and in England there are
rivers which, a century ago, were navigable one
hundred miles, that could not now be naviga-
ted by even a canoe. Take Aquia Creek in Vir-
ginia. 1 have seen warehouses there, and large
vessels freighted with hogsheads of tobacco from
the door of the warehouse; and the last tune I
was there, I saw an old man standing out in the
middle of the meadow, and he told me the water
had diawn off until land had been made; and that
is the way it was the last time I was there. You
cannot now approach within two and a half miles
of Aquia.
It is the natural course of things. In the wash
and settlement of a country, the Potomac must
fill. It does fill. Bridge or no bridge, the Potomac
is destined to fill, and why need we talk about
keeping up, by excavating machines, the channel
of the Potomac up to Georgetown. I tell you, Mr.
President, that I believe that bridge to be import-
ant. I believe the pretext uiged against it to be
frivolous, unfounded m fact, unphilosophical, un-
statesmaniike, and that this amendment ought to
be rejected It leaves still an appropriation of the
same amount for a bridge across this little creek
out here, called the Eastern Branch. Why, I un-
derstand that within the memory of men now liv-
ing, vessels went up the Eastern Branch as far as
Bladensburg, and took in freignts.
Mr. MASON. Far above that.
Mr. GREEN. I am told by the Senator from
Virginia, far above that.
Mr. MASON. Up to the Relay House.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator tells me up to the
Relay House. Will you excavate the Eastern
Branch? Will you keep up your navigation?
Will you make people sickly along there by per-
mitting sediment to collect? How are these
things to be obviated ? It just shows that it is
utterly impossible to obviate these things. Nat-
ural causes work by natural laws and produce
natural results. Let the bridge alone; keep it in
repair; keep up this communication; accommo-
datc the great traveling public; accommodate the
city of Washington; accommodate the people of
Virginia, who supply the markets of Washing-
ton, by wl;ich we get something to eat.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. This matter has been
voted down several times since I have been in the
Senate, and I am a little surprised to see it come
up in this shape. I am very confident that if it
had been understood in the House, it would not
have got into the bill without debate. I believe
heretofore that these propositions making appro-
priations for bridges have stood separately, and
we ought to consider them separately; but being
all together for one object, it certainly was over-
looked; for, as I stated before, I would not have
