I486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. YULEE. I think the Senate have given
no such order as that wo proceed to the consid-
eration of any particular matter. They have
simply directed that the particular subject then
under discussion should be laid upon the table.
Now, a motion for reconsideration, being a priv-
ileged question, can be made at all times. The
Senator from Indiana has very properly exercised
a right which he has within the rules. That mo-
tion to reconsider is a privileged question. It has
been decided frequently, in both Houses, that it
is the right of any member, the member making
the motion, or any other member desiring to dis-
cuss it, on one side or the other, to call that up as
a privileged question, at any time, in preference
to any other business, the Senate or House not
being at the time engaged in other matters. The
Senator from Indiana, then, having made the mo-
tion, and having immediately followed ?:iat mo-
tion by another, that it be taken up for consider-
ation with a view of postponing it until to-morrow,
the motion, as a privileged motion, is in order;
and until a question is taken upon that no other
subject is in order, as I apprehend.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Chair will allow me, I
will abridge my motion. I will let it stand simply
as a motion to reconsider. It is then in the power
of the Senate to say whether they will consider
it now or to-morrow, or any other day.
Mr. SEWARD. Before that motion was made
I had raised a question of order. I think that
question of order has not been disposed of, and
it is my right to have it decided.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senator from New York, that
the Senator from Indiana modified his motion
before there was any action upon it, and it was
strictly in order for him to do so. He now makes
a motion simply to reconsider.
Mr. SEWARD. Does the Chair decide that
that cuts off* the question of order which I raised
on the previous decision of the Chair?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir, that
supersedes the proposition made by the Senator
from Michigan and all incidental questions con-
nected with it.
Mr. SEWARD. I only want to know how
the matter stands.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the state of the
question now to be that the Senator from Indiana,
exercising a right under the rules, has moved a
reconsideration of the vote of the Senate on the
Kansas bill. That question is before the Senate,
and I now move that it be postponed until one
o'clock to-morrow, carrying out the view of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not understand that the Sen-
ator from Florida can make this motion. Accord-
ing to the order of the Senate heretofore made,
the special order for this day at one o'clock, was
the Minnesota bill. This question was enter-
aincd in regard to the matter suggested by the
Senator from Michigan, as a privileged question
overriding the special order. Several points have
arisen in connection with it, and in the midst, of
them the Senator from Indiana, it being in older
at any time, it being a privileged question, has
moveci to reconsider the vote that i« the subject
of controversy. It is proper to entertain that mo-
tion; but it is not proper, during the pendency of
the order of the Senate to proceed to the special
order, to move anything more than the recon-
sideration, and have it entered. The business
properly before the Senate now, is the special
order, which is the bill for the admission of
Minnesota, which came up regularly, but was
superseded by the privileged question, at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the question just disposed of was taken
up in preference to the special order. That hav-
ing been settled by the action of the Senate, the
special order comes up now a^ the regular busi-
ness. The bill for the admission of Minnesota is
now before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I thought the Chair decided that
the motion made by the Senator from Florida was
in order a moment or two ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is compe-
tent for the Senator from Florida to move to post-
pone the farther consideration of the special order
if he desires to make that motion.
Mr. YULEE. What does the Chair under-
stand to be the .special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill for
the admission of Minnesota,
Mr. YULEE. The point I made was this:
that the Senate had passed the hour of one o'clock
with what was considered to be a privileged ques-
tion, and the Minnesota bill, therefore, had lost
its precedence and its right of consideration, the
Senate having virtually overrode it by a privi-
leged question. That question was then laid upon
the table. Before the Minnesota bill was taken
up, before it was ordered to be taken up by the
Senate, or before the President had announced it
as being in order, the Senator from Indiana moved
a reconsideration, as he had a right to do, of a
vote which had been previously taken by the
Senate upon the Kansas bill. That also was then
before the Senate; and it was for the Senate to
consider whether they would proceed with it then,
or postpone it to a future time, as a privileged
question. I hold that a motion to reconsider is a
Erivileged question. It is the right of any mem-
er to insist upon its i mmediate consideration, or,
at the pleasure of the Senate, that it be postponed
for future consideration. Considering that to be
the question, then, legitimately before the Senate,
I made a motion that it be postponed until to-
morrow; and I made that motion only because
that seemed to be the desire of the Senator who
moved the reconsideration, it having been part of
his original proposition. It seems to me that that
is the motion beforetheSenatc. It has been ruled
over and over again, in both Houses, that a mo-
tion to reconsider is a privileged question; and
that, whenever no other matter is immediately
before the body, it is in the power of any mem-
ber—cither the member moving it or any other—
to insist upon the consideration of the motion, it
having once been made.
Mr. PUGII. The Senator is evidently mis-
taken, 1 think. The Vice President decided this
very question within the last two weeks, when
the Senator from "Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
made a motion to reconsider and endeavored to
keep it before the Senate. The Vice President
said he had the privilege to make the motion, and
it was entered; but no further attention was ever
paid to it. He said the Senator from Wisconsin
could not keep it before the Senate. I have no
doubt the Senator from Indiana had a right to
makehis motion to reconsider. Thatis the entire
extent of his privilege; and until he can get the
floor regularly, he cannot move to proceed to the
consideration of his motion. The special order
is properly before the Senate, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state 
Mr. HALE. What is the decision of the
Chair? There is so much noise I cannot hear.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the special order was postponed m
consequence of the precedence given to the priv-
ileged question; and when the privileged question
was postponed, the special order came up in its
proper place, being entitled to precedence. It is
m order for any Senator, in the absence of a pend-
ing question, to make a motion to reconsider. If
the Senatorfrom Florida desires to attain his ob-
ject, he must move to postpone the special order
for the purpose of entertaining the motion he now
makes.
Mr. HALE. As I have the floor, and the Sen-
ator from Florida has not, I will do a kindness
for him, and make that motion myself, to post-
pone the special order for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the question moved by
the Senator from Indiana; and upon that 1 have
not much to say; but what I have to say will be
rather in the form of an interrogatory than any-
thing else. My interrogatory is this: I desire to
know what has become of that tremendous pres-
sure that we all felt here in the Senate laotThurs-
day, so that having voted to adjourn over from
Thursday to Monday., but having found out during
the day that the House had put an amendment to
our bill that we had sent over to them, we felt
obligated, from high motives of public duty as
disinterested patriots, to forego that relaxation
which a little while before we thought necessary
for ourselves, and that religious ardor which
prompted us to observe Good Friday, to foicgo
patriotism and religion both, and rescind the order
by which we had agreed to adjourn from Thurs-
day to Monday, and come hrjre on Friday to
hurry through this Kansas bill3 Weil, sir, we
did it. I should have opposed it, but I saw that
the feeling on Thursday was so strong thatit was
idle for me, backed up as I was by the consider-
ations due to Good Friday, to oppose that recon-
sideration. The reconsideration passed. Kansas
came up, and we discharged ourselves of the duty
which we owed to Kansas and to the country
forthwith, and it was sent over to the House.
["Oh,no!"J It has not been sent over to the
HouseJ'but it was ordered to be sent; and when
it had previously gone over to the House before
our second action, it came back here within, I
think, ten minutes after it passed the House,
showing that there was such hot haste that some-
body had put the engrossing clerks to work, and
actually engrossed the amendment before it was
made; so that it got here almost as soon as the
Speaker announced that it had passed. Then
we reconsidered our motion to adjourn over; took
it up on Friday and disposed of it, a great pres-
sure seeming to rest both on the House and the
Senate; and now it is all gone; there is no pres-
sure anywhere. [Laughter.] Now, instead of a
zeal to carry the thing forward, everybody seems
desirous of rather setting it back, standing still,
delaying, putting it off. Ilere is a majority, who
were in such a hurry last Thursday and Ftiday,
now moving to postpone the subject until to-mor-
row, which means indefinitely. We all know
what to-morrow means legislatively. I remem-
ber when I first came into the House of Repre-
sentatives, a good while ago, a motion was intro-
duced, and some gentleman moved to postpone it
until to-morrow. It was a new member who made
the motion, and he objected. An old member sat
by him, and said it was only until to-morrow.
The young man gave up, and that to-morrow he
did not reach for three months. The proposi-
tion here is to postpone this matter until to-mor-
row.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him if it is in that view that he moves to post-
pone the Minnesota bill until to-morrow? [Laugh-
tcr.]
Mr. HALE. I do not move to postpone it to
any particular time, but to put it aside for the pur-
pose of deciding this question. I want to follow
the organ of the Committee on Territories as far
as I can with safety; and I do not know that that
would be a great way. [Laughter.] His zeal
seemed to be to hurry up Kansas, so that Min-
nesota should not overtake her; but now it seems
they have got Kansas along to such a place that
they have concluded to put her up, tie her to the
stall, and let her stand until Minnesota comes
up and goes ahead. I object to it. I feel just as
patriotic now as I did last Thursday. There has
been no change in me; none at all. I feel just as
desirous to do justice to Kansas now as I did
then. If there are any reasons—if there are any
particular reasons of a public character—let them
be stated; and if there are any of a private char-
acter, I should like to hear them. I would not
call any man to order if he should state private
reasons. J would not object to any man saying
something like this if he should choose: "There
are some arguments that I want to address to
some members of the House, that it will not do
to address in open debate; and I want the thing
kept open until I can have an opportunity of
talking privately with some gentlemen, and press-
ing upon their private ear some considerations
which are not proper or not expedient to be ad-
dressed in open debate." We all know, or per-
haps we do not all know it, but it is a fact, that
it is a part of the discipline of some churches,
'i when there is a recusant member, to go with him
privately, before they take public steps; to give
private admonition before public censure comes;
and I would not object if anything of that sort
were in the way; but I think we owe it to the
country, we owe it to ourselves, we owe it to our
own reputation, to assign some possible, some
plausible reason why we have got over the haste
that impelled us forward last week. What new
feature is there ? The news of the Connecticut
election, of course, has nothing to do with it—not
the slightest. [Laughter.] What possible object
can there be in postponing, from day to day, a
subject about which we were m such hot haste a
.! little while ago? Why, sir, a few weeks ago we
were in such a hurry to dispose of Kansas that
| we had to sit up here until morning light; until
, six o'clock in the morning.
