448
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 35,
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
be better calculated to prevent fraud than the iden-
tical system we now have, and which has been in
force since the institution of this Government?
We take the foreign value, and we submit that to
experts who are appraisers. If the invoice show
that it is under the foreign valuation—and with
that they are acquainted by information from the
consul, and by prices-current—they have a right
to put it up; and if, in their opinion, the invoice
is to be put up more than ten per cent., the im-
porter forfeits twenty per cent. If the invoice
shows such an undervaluation as to amount to
fraud, the cargo is subject to seizure, and the vigi-
lant custom-house officers who thus subject it to
seizure are entitled to a portion of the fines and
penalties as their reward.
We have, under the present system,'as a check
upon fraud, first the foreign invoice; then the
opinion of the appraisers, from whom an appeal
can be taken, if necessary, to the merchant ap-
praisers and the appraisers-general with regard
to the value; and they have the power, if they
believe an article is undervalued, to put this up;
and if the decision of the appraisers be, as I satd
before, that it was undervalued more than ten
per cent., the importer forfeits twenty per cent.
With all these means of detecting fraud and all
these safeguards against it, is it reasonable to sup-
pose that we should be cheated by the under-
valuations of goods which thus pass through the
hands of skillful and expert men, than that we
should be cheated by smuggling goods into the
country? The temptation is greater to the one
than to the other, because the profit is greater; and
it is perfectly true that the smuggling would only
be upon goods which paid duty, as the underval-
uation would be; but I do not see what that proves
in the argument. I believe, that whenever we
come to compare the prcsontsystem, which is the
system founded at the very origin of the Govern-
ment, with any other that is proposed to be sub-
stituted in its place, it will be found to be fairer
than any other which can be substituted for it.
If you take specific, duties, there is as much
chance for being deceived in regard to the quality
as there is in regard to the value under the present
system. If you take a home valuation, you either
have it impracticable, as in this scheme ofthc Sen-
ator fioni Rhode Island, or else you have it un-
constitutional, for the Constitution does provide
that you shall give no preference to the ports of
one Statp over those of another. Will the Sen-
ator say that it is no preference given to the ports
of one State when you impose on an article im-
ported from Liverpool into New York only the
lesser costs and charges of freight, &c., and im-
pose upon the article imported from the same
place into New Orleans the greater COsts and
charges? This deference of freight constitutes
an immense element m the value. Take, for in-
stance, goods carried to San Francisco from Eng-
land; the freight enters as an immense element
into the value of the coarser and the cheaper
varieties of goods.
I believe, then, that whenever the comparison
shall come to be fairly instituted, it will be found
that the present system, which has been approved
by experience, and which has been improved by
pi actice, will be found to be safer than that winch
may be proposed to be substituted for it. Why,
sir, how can it be said that it is easier to ascer-
tain the market price in New Orleans, or New
York, or Boston, or Baltimore, than it would be
forskillful and expert men to ascertain the market
prices in Liverpool or in Havre, when they come
to be tested as the laws and regulations of our
country require them to be tested?
But, as I said before, Mr. President, I am anx-
ious to get this question. I will not enter into
the general argument, but merely say so much by
way of caveat; for when the question does come
up, I, for one, shall be ready to enter into it; and
I believe it will be easy to show that the present
system is a fairer system than that which is pro-
posed to be substituted for it. But it seems to
me to be so obvious that this amendment is one
which cannot now be entertained, by reason of
the constitutional objections which I have raised—
not because we cannot entertain a thing which is
unconstitutional, but because it is contrary to a
constitutional rule of order—that it can hardly be
necessary for me to go beyond that question itself.
It does, as my friend, the Senator from Georgia,
has said, give us a new revenue system. It does
originate a revenue bill, and for that reason I
think ought not to be entertained. At least, I
hope we shall take the sense of the Senate-upon
that question before wo go further into the debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I am totally at a loss to un-
derstand how the question of the constitutional
power of the Senate to pass this amendment be-
comes a question of order. There mast always
be, as the jurisdiction of the Senate is limited, a
question in every case, if any one shall see fit to
raise it, whether any action proposed is constitu-
tional or not. There is no rule of order of the
Senate that they shall first determine what is con-
sistent with the Constitution and what is incon-
sistent with it. That is a question which goes to
the final passage of every bill, and every amend-
ment to every bill that is proposed. This is
not a court of law in which a pleg. to the juris-
diction or a plea in abatement may be interposed
before a trial upon the merits; but every bill goes
through its three consecutive readings, and at
every stage a question may be raised whether the
Senate of the United States have power to perform
the act which is pioposed. I therefore see noth-
ing to be gained by interposing this question.
Mr. President, ! am equallyataloss to under*
stand how it is that it is fancied that this amend-
ment conflicts with the constitutional power of
the Senate. The British constitution, which was
before the framers of our own when ours was
made, provided thatall money bills should origin-
ate in the House of Commons. The money bills
included bills for the expenditure of moneys as
well as bills for the levying of taxes or the rais-
ing of money. The framers of our Constitution
left to the Senate, between which and the House
of Lords they imagined a kind of resemblance,
the power to originate bills for the appropriation
of moneys, and to amend all bills which were pro-
posed to them for the raising of moneys, leaving
to the House of Representatives nothing peculiar
and exclusive in regaid to money bills except the
right to originate, which is of quite little value,
because their bills can be changed by the Senate;
and a bill which levies a tax of one per cent, as
originated in the House of Representatives, may
be raised by amendments in the Senate so as to
levy a tax of one hundred per cent, on any article,
or a bill proposing to levy #1,000,000 when it
originates in the House of Representatives and
passes there, may be made in the Senate a bill to
raise $100,000,000, and sent back to the House of
Representatives m that form. Nothing is left to
the House of Representatives, then, that is exclu-
sive in regard to this question, except the power
to originate the bill.
Now, here is a proposition which does not pro-
pose in any way to levy any tax whatever. Our
imposts upon foreign commerce are regulated by,
a tariff which imposes a duty of thirty per cent,
on one class of at tides, twenty-four per cent, upon
another, and nineteen per cent, upon another, and
four per cent, upon another, and which bill spe-
cifies in what class every article that is or can be
imported into the United States shall fall. If we
add this amendment to this bill and pass it, we
do not tax one article more than it is already taxed,
nor do we impose upon any article that is taxa-
ble by the existing law a duty of one per cent,
more, or one fraction of one per cent, more, than
the duty which is already imposed upon it. What
is it, then, that we do? We propose to amend the
details of the imposition and collection of these
duties, and nothing more. Suppose, on this ques-
tion of undervaluation, that, having ascertained
that goods are undervalued at the custom-house,
we, in passing this bill, should think that we
might guard against that fraudulent undervalua-
tion by directing that the shipmaster should take
an oath different from the one which he now takes,
or that the collector at the custom-house or the
tidewaiter should be sworn? Have we not a right
to amend the oath? Suppose it should appear
that, although the oaths are prescribed by the ex-
isting laws to secure an honest and just collection
of the revenue, yet that, owing to some default
in our law, the punishment denounced against
them cannot be enforced: could wc not amend the
system by an amendment to this bill which would
enforce the penalties or punishments for the tak-
ing of oaths falsely and fraudulently? Suppose
we should ascertain there was a place near to the
vessel to which goods were taken from on board
ship, and were concealed, hidden; could we not
in this bill amend the law, so as to prevent that
concealment?
I state these illustrations for the purpose of
showing that what is proposed here is a mere de-
tail ; and the fact that the price, or cost, or valua-
tion of the article is to be affected by the amend-
ment which is proposed, does not at all take it
out of the class of details for the collection of the
revenue which I have described. Let us suppose
that instead of fraudulent undervaluation, there
was a fraudulent misstatement of weights or meas-
ures; that frauds were committed by passing off
a hundred pounds of any given article, or a hun-
dred gallons, under a fraudulent representation
that there were fifty of either, could we not in this
bill guard against frauds thus misrepresenting
weights and measures? It is precisely in the same
class with them.
I am, therefore, unable to see how it is that this
constitutional question is supposed to arise here.
Something has been said by the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia about a parallel case which oc-
curred in the year 1844. I can only say that if
the Senate was constituted then as it is now—and
I suppose it was very much the same thing then
as now, and always will be—probably the inter-
ests or passions ofthe hourinfluenced the determ-
ination which was then arrived at, and that at
least, with the lapse of time and the increase of
human knowledge, we are quite as well piepaied
to decide a constitutional question to-day as the
Senate of the United States was in 1844.
I have but one word to say to enforce the pecu-
liar propriety of this provision as an amendment
of the present bill. We are brought to the neces-
sity of raising $15,000,000 by a loan. I think it
has been demonstrated with great success, with
triumphant success, by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, that the passage of the pro-
vision he oilers will save to the Treasury, in one
year, one half of the whole amount which it is
proposed to borrow. I have no doubt that will be
the effect of it; and that, year after year, we shall
save the same sum.
The honorable Senator from Virginia thinks
that, on this side of the House, we misestimate
the loss which the Treasury sustains by these
frauds; that we ought to take into account the loss
which occurs by smuggling. Wc must lose by
smuggling so long as we maintain the system of
indirect taxation; for smuggling has been inci-
dent, from the beginning of the world to this day,
to every system of taxation on imports from for-
eign countries. But because we lose so much by
smuggling, which we cannot prevent, is it neces-
sary to enhance the loss perpetually by adding
the loss sustained by fraudulent valuations?
The time, the place, the circumstance, every-
thing, seems to commend this proposition to the
acceptance of the Senate and of Congress; and, if
there was any confirmation of the aigumentof the
Senator from Rhode Island necessary, there is
one circumstance to which he alluded, but did not
fully enforce, and that is the fact that the impor-
tation of foreign merchandise m our great cities
has fallen altogether, or nearly so, exclusively
into the hands of foreigners; that they have con-
trol of the importations of foreign merchandise,
by reason of the fact that they have skill m ma-
nipulating the invoices, so as to exclude our own
citizens from this most important branch of com-
merce.
Mr. STUART. This, sir, is certainly a very
important question in either aspect—one upon
which I should have been very glad to submit
some views myself; but I think it has been very
fully elucidated by the Senators who have parti-
cipated in the debate. I shall therefore refrain
from going into any discussion here at all, in the
hope that, in view of the shortness of the session,
and the many important subjects which we have
before us, which we are all anxious to dispose of,
we may ^e able to get a vote on this question to-
day. I make this suggestion with great respect
to others, but in the earnest hope that we may
dispose of this matter to-day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, if I un-
derstand the object and effect of this measure, it
