1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2511-
Mr. ENGLISH. There are sixty-five pages
of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The first section,
I suppose, is about the routes.
Mr. ENGLISH. There is nothing whatever
in the biil but what its title indicates—the estab-
lishment of post routes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
DELEGATE FROM MINNESOTA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am instructed by
the Committee of Elections to make a report upon
the petition of William W. Kingsbury, Delegate
from the Territory of Minnesota. I do not know
that there will be any difference of opinion in the
House on the conclusion at which the committee
have arrived. If it is the desire of any gentleman
that the report shall be printed, I shall not object;
but, if not, I desire that it shall be acted on now.
It is known that, by the resolution of the House,
Mr. Kingsbury i£ excluded from his seat. The
committee have come to the conclusion that he
ought to be admitted to his seat, and I present
the report, accompanied by a resolution to that
Mr*. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
report will be printed.
Mr. GROW. Let us devote to-day to private
business, and act on the report on Monday.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then, sir, I move
that the report be laid upon the table, and printed;
and I will call it up on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. I ask that the
minority have leave to present their views, and
have them printed.
Mi. GILMElt. I do not know that it is pioper
to call it a minoiity report, but Mr. Fuller, who
claims a right to represent the Territory, wishes
to have the whole case presented for the consid-
eration of the House.
Leave was then given to the minority of the
committee to present their views, and have them
printed.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing eommitrees be called for re-
port^ of private bill4?; and tiiat to-day, in Committee of the
Whole Hou<e on the Pnvate Calendai, bills to which no
objection shall be made:4iall first be considered and disposed
of.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to offer the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I believe that we are within
ten days of the end of the session.
The SPEAKER. That is true: but the pre-
vious question was ordered yesteulay on lour or
five bills.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill of
which previous notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for.
RUFUS DWINEL.
The bill of the Senate (No. 189) for the relief
of Rufus Dwinel, reported yesterday from a Com-
mittee of the Whole Hou.se, upon which a sepa-
rate vote had been asked, was then taken up; the
question being on ordering the bill to be read a
third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In accord-
ance with the understanding which was had in
committee yesterday, I demand the yeas and nays
upon that bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is right
that the report shall he read to the House.
The repoit was read.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. It was the un-
derstanding yesterday, when this^bill was laid
aside, that I should have an opportunity of say-
ing three words in reference to it. I dissented
from the conclusion of {he majority of the com-
mittee in favor of this bill, but did not make an
objection yesterday, as I was unwilling to pre-
vent the action of the House upon it, when I had
no hope that the principle on which I based my
opposition to the bill would be rccognized by a
majority of the House, i now merely wish to
state the grounds upon which I dissented. It is
well known, as a matter of course, that there is
no right of action against the United States, and
that whatever may have been the decision of a
jury or court, it would not be binding upon Con-
gress. That, however, is not the ground upon
which I based my objection to the bill. I opposed
it upon the ground that this claim had been at a
previous period submitted to Congress; that it
had been considered by Congress, and that Con-
gress had decided to allow the principal, but not
to allow any interest. Accoidmg to my opinion,
when a claim has been once presented to Con-
gress, and has been fully considered and decided,
that should terminate the matter. Congress, in
such cases, acts in a judicial character;-and I am
clear that a party should be concluded by a final
decision, in the same manner with respect to a
claim as he is svlicn a claim has been presented to
a court of justice and finally adjudicated upon.
I merely wished to state the principle upon which
I dissented from the majority of the committee in
relation to this bill, and will not attempt to en-
force my views by argument.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
stand that a juiy has decided upon this case?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Yes, sir; they
decided to allow the principal, but no interest.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, if the
jury decided to give the principal, I think Con-
gress ought to give the interest.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like an opportu-
nity to make a few remarks in explanation of the
pnncjples upon which the majority of the com-
mittee acted.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^r.-i. Abbott, Adiam, Andrews, Arnold, 111!-
iingliurst. Bingham, Bishop, Uiair, Bowie, Binyton, Builin-
ton. Binlin^aiiKi, Burn!?, LJuiroughs, Ca^e, Caskie, Cava-
naugh. Chalice, E/aa Clark, Ilotace F. Claik, dawson,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conmw, Coining, Cragin, .lam.s
Ciaig, Curtis-, David .on, Davis ot Mar} land, Davis of Mas-
sacl'U.-etts Davis of Iowa, Da\ve- , l)odd, Durleo, Kdie,
Fi'nton, Floiencc, Foley, Fomci, Gdhs, Giiman, Gilrnn,
Gooeh. Goodwin, Grai'iret, Giow, Hatch,Hawkins, llo;nd.
llorton, Howard. K>">nog<_'. Kelly, Kelsev, Kiigore, Knapp,
Lamar, Letter, Lovejoy, Maeiay, Samuel S Mai>hall. Mat-
ter on, Maynard, Moigan. Moniii. Ed w aid Joy Moi ris, Lnac
N. Monis.,Fiecman H. Mor^e, Olivei A. Moisc, Molt, Mui-
ray, Niblack, Pahnei, I'atker, Peltit. William W. Plielp-.,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Heady, Reiil}, Ilicaud, Ritchie, Jtob-
eits, Royce, l?n«^Pil, Sandidgc, Seaiin". Sewaid, Aaton
Shaw, John Sherman, Jud^on W. Sherman, Smaleton,
Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephen^, Wilhatn Stevv-
ait, Tappun, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Un-
derwood, Wade. Walhrid-re, Walton, Ward, Oadwaladei
0. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^hbume, Krael Washburn,
White, Wilson, Wintdow, Wood, Wuodaon, Augustus R.
Wright, and Zoiheofbn*—119
?v AYvS—Atkins. A vet v, Boyee, Branch, John B.
Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Coekeull, Ciawtord, Cunv, Davis
of Indiana, Dowdcll, LdtmiudiOti, Gamett, Gattrell. Gonde,
Gieenwood, Giecj, Lawience W. Hall, Harlan, Hopkins,
Houston, Hu he^ Uujler, Jackson, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Glancv Jones Lawrence, LetHier, McQueen,
Mason, Miller, MiJKon, Moorn, JVvton, Tobn S. Phelps
Quitman, Reagan, Rntnn, Scale-;, Horny M Shaw. William
Smith, Stallworih, Miles'i'aylot, v'aliandighatn, Waldron,
Waikms, and John V. Wnqot—10.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
JA1MES FUGATE.
House bill (No. 462) sjinntins: an invalid pen-
sion to James Fug ate, of jMissous i, teported yes-
tetday from a Committee of the Whole House,
upon which a separate vote was asked, was next
taken up for consideration.
Mr. JEWETT. I simply desire to say that I
think that bill ought to pass.
Tne bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third Ume.
Mr. LETCHER. I think the gentleman who
reported that bill ought to explain it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the bill and
report be read.
The bill and report were read.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed tu.
ELIZABETH M'jBRIER.
A bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliza-
beth McBrier, surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughery, deceased.
The SPEAKER. That bill has been reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 162) upon the pe-
tition of Arthur Edwards and others.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 170) in the case
I! of John L. Wordcn.
jj An adverse report (C. C. No. 171) in the case
: of John H. Wagjyaman.
II The SPEAKER. These adverse reports were
reported from a Committee of the Whole House,
with the recommendation that they be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The reports were referred accordingly.
LOGAN HUNTON.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 174) in the case
of Logan Ilunton.
Tho SPEAKER. This Feport has been re-
potted from the Committee of the Whole House,
with the lecommemlation that the report of the
Court of Claims be concurred in.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I move that the
lull be lefoiled to the Committee on the Judi-
j ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
': JONAS P. LEVY.
ji An adverse repoit (C. C. No. 173) in the case
' of Jonas P. Levy.
The SPEAKER. This report was reported
I1 from the Committee of the Whole House, with
the recommendation that the report of the Court
I; of Claims be concuired in.
I Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that it be referred
i to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
COURT OP CLAIMS ADVERSE REPORTS.
;j An adverse report (C. C. No. 159) upon the
H petition of Joseph RatclifF.
An adverse import (C. C. No. 160) upon the
'! petition of Oliver Dubois.
jl An adverse report (C. C. No. 164) upon the
ji petition of A. O. P. Nicholson.
|| An adverse report (C. C. No. 166) upon the
i; petition of Joshua J. Guppy, judge of the county
'' court of Columbia county, Wisconsin, as trustee
j; for the claimants and occupants of Portage City,
jj An adverse report (C. C. No. 167) in the case
i of Charles Wilkes.
'I An adverse report (C. C. No. 168) in the case
j! of William Davenport.
i' An adverse report (C. C. No. 169) in the case
I! of William B. Fitzgerald.
!; An adverse report (C. C. No. 172) in the case
j of John L. Wirt.
'■ The SPEAKER. These adverse reports from
h the Court of Claims have been reported from the
;; Committee of the Whole House, with the recom-
i' mendation that they be concurred in.
i! The reports were concurred m.
'J REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
:| Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask unanimous consent to
II introduce the following resolution:
!' Reioh-cd, Th.it the standing committees be called over
; foi reports of private bill*, l'oi lefeienee only; and that to-
| day, m the Committee of the Whole House on the Private
j Calendai, bills to which no objection shall be made shall be
! first corisideted and di&po^d of.
ji Mr. KELSEY. I propose to offer the follow-
11 ing as a substitute for the gentleman's resolution:
I1 Resolved. That the Committee of the Whole House to-
[' day be it^nucfcd to take up the Private Calendar, and «uch
I1 bills as ar<  not objected to shall belaid a-ideto be repoited
' to the House ; and m ca«ea where objection is made, the
opponents of the bdi shall have live nunutev time to htate
objection.* to each bill, and the ftiund-* of each bill shall be
allowed five minutes to answer such objections and the
vote shall then betaken on such bill and such amendments
as may be proposed thoieto.
Mr. STANTON. I have a resolution which *13
similar to that of the gentleman from New York.
