THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-f (
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congrf.ss, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1858.
New Series. .. .No. 26.
But, sir, it is asserted by the President that" the
question has been fairly and explicitly referred,
(by the schedule of this instrument,) to the peo-
ple, whether they will have a constitution with
or without slaveiy." With all due deference I
submit that the very contrary of this is the truth,
and is so clearly expressed on the face of the con-
stitution as to silence all controversy. The sev-
enth section of the schedule-contains the provision
for the submission of the question of slavery, and
the only provision; it is as follows:
" [7.3 Sec. 7. That this constitution shall be submitted
to the Congress of the United States at its next ensuing ses-
sion, and as soon as official information has been received
that it is approved by the same, by the admission of the
State of Kansas as one of the sovereign States of the United
States, the president of tins convention shall issue his proc-
lamation to convene the State Legislature at the seat ot gov-
ernment within thirty one days after publication. Should
any vacancy occur by death, resignation, or otherwise, m
the Legislature or other office, he shall order an election to
till such vacancy: Provided, however, In case of refusal,
absence, or disability of the president of this convention to
discharge the duties herein imposed on him, the president
pro tempore of tins convention shall perform said duties;
and m case of absence, refusal, or durability of the presi-
dent pro tempore, a committee consisting of seven, or a
majority of them, shall discharge the duties required of
the president of tins convention. [11.] Before this consti-
tution shall be sent to Congress lor ad mission into the Union
as a State, it shall he submitted to all the white male inhab-
itants of this Terrnmy for approval or disapproval, as lol-
iOWs: The piesident of this convention shall, by pioclama-
tion, declare that on the 121st -rl-iy of December, iy.VJ", at tiie
different election precincts now established by law, or
which may be established as heiein provided, in the Teni-
tory of Kansas, an election s-halt be held, over winch shall
pieside three judges, or a majority of them, to be appointed
as follows : The president of this convention shall appoint
three commissioner? m each county in the Tcintoiy, whose
duty it shall be to appoint three judges of election m the
scveial precincts of their respective counties, and to estab-
lish precincts for voting, and to cause -polls to be opened at
such places as they may deem proper in their respective coun-
ties; at winch election the constitution trained by this con-
vention shall be submitted to all the white male inhabitants
of the Territory of Kansas m the said Teintory upon that
day, and over the age of twenty-one years, for ratification
or rejection, in the following manner and lorm : The voting
shall be by ballot. The judges of said election shall cause
to be kept two poll- books by two clerks by them appointed.
The ballots cast at said election shall be indorsed, ' Con-
stitution with slavery,' or 'Constitution with no slavery.'
One of said poll-books shall be returned within eight days
to the president of tins convention, and the other shall be
retained by the judges ot election, and kept open foi in-
spection. The president, with two or more members of this
convention, shall examine said poll books, and if it shall
appear upon said examination that a majority of the leiral
votes cast at said election be in favor of the 'constitution
with slavery,' he shall immediately have the same trans-
mitted to the Congress of the United States a* hereinbefore
provided. Butif, upon such examination of said poll hooks
it shall appear that a majority of the legal votes east at said
elecuon be m favor of the £ constitution with no slavei},'
then the article providing for slaveiy shall be stricken from
this constitution by the president of this convention, and
slavery shall no longer exist in the State of Kansas, (except
that the right of property iri slaves now in this Territory
shall m no manner be mterfeied with,) and shall have trans-
mitted the constitution so ratified to the Congress of the
United States a<> hereinbefore provided. In case of the tkil-
uie of the president of this convention to perform the duties
imposed upon him in the foregoing action by reason of death,
lesignation, or otherwise, the same duties shall devolve
upon the president pro tempore
Can it be said that this is a fair submission to
the people whether they will Ifave a constitution
with or without slavery ? I do no more than call
attention to the extraordinary and unfair provision
that the president of the Lecompton convention,
Mr. Calhoun, is to appoint three commissioners
in each county; which three commissioners shall
appoint three judges of election in the several pre-
cincts of their respective counties; and shall also
establish piecincts for voting, and cause polls to
be opened at such places as they may deem proper
in their respective counties; the result to be de-
termined by Mr. Calhoun and two other mem-
bers of the convention. A marvelously fair pro-
vision for an election, to provide that one of fifty
usurpers shall, by his agents, open the polls and
conduct the election in such manner and at such
places as he shall deem proper! and, finally, \vith
two of his co-conspirators, determine the result.
A complete device this for the successful reenact-
ment of election frauds, without a parallel save
in the recent elections in Kansas, held under the
same bogus laws which sanctioned this conven-
tion. Still more clearly does it appear that the
26
question is not fairly referred to the people,
whether they will have a constitution with or
without slavery, by the last clause of the seventh
section, which is, that although the majority shall
vote " constitution with no slavery," " the right
of property in slaves now in the Territory shall
in no manner be interfered with." And to make
sure of this, the ninth section of the schedule pro-
vides:
" She. 9. Jlny person offering to vote at the aforesaid
election upon said constitution shall, if challenged, take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United States, and to
support this constitution, if adopted, under the penalties of
peyuiy under the territorial laws."
And to the same effect is the fourteenth section,
which provides:
" Sec. 14. That after the year one thousand eight hundred
and sixty-four, whenever the Legislature shall think it ne-
cessary to amend, alter, and change this constitution, they
shall recommend to the electors at the next general elec-
tion, two-thirds of the members of each House concurring,
to vote for or against calling a convention ; and if it appears
that a majority of all the cjtizens of the State have voted
foi a convention, the Legislature shall, at its next regular
session, call a convention to consist of as many members
as there maybe in the House of Representatives at the time,
to be chosen m the same manner, at the same places, and
by the same electors, that chose the representatives. Said
delegates so elected shall meet within three months after
said election, for the purpose of revising, amending, or
changing the constitution ; but no alteration shall be made
to ojject the rights of property in the ownership of da res."
A fair submission of the question whether they
will have a constitution with or without slavery!
It is no submission of the constitution at all. In
no event are the people, or any one of them,per-
mitted to vote against the constitution; they can
only vote for the constitution with slavery. This
is plain; for it is provided if the people should all
vote for the constitution with no slavery, yet the
right of property in slaves now in the Territory
shall in no manner be interfered with; and the only
effect, therefore, of such a vote, would be to cutoff
that provision of the instrument which provides
for the further importation of slaves into the State.
The only question, then, that is submitted to the
people is, whether they will prohibit the increase
of their slave population by future importations;
and before they are permitted to exercise even this
privilege, they must, if challenged, submit to the
humiliating requirement of taking an oath—a test
oath of fealty to their masters and to their mas-
ters' work, to wit: that they will support this con-
stitution, if adopted. As i have said, its adoption
is made sure, for no one can vote against it; all must
vote for it, or not vote at all. And as if to add to
the humiliation and sharpen the sting of the in-
dignities thus heaped upon this invaded province
of Kansas, the President, with " smooth dissim-
ulation," speaking of the election provided form
the seventh section of the schedule, to be held 21st
of last December, says:
" At this election every citizen wilt have an opportunity
of expiessmghisopmion by his vote ' whether Kansas .shall
be received into the Union, with oi without slav<-iy.' The
election will be held under legitimate authority; and if any
poition of the inhabitants «hall refuse to vote, a fair oppot-
tunity to do so" having been presented, this will be their own
voluntary act, and they alone wdl be responsible for the con-
sequence5;."
Is it mere partisan heat and partisan zeal, or is
it the reckless arrogance of power that prompts the
President thus to speak; thus to falsify'the record;
thus to insult an outraged people? A legitimate
election and a fair opportunity to vote ! A dicta-
tor determines and chooses the places and the of-
ficers of the election, and, with two of his co-con-
spirators, the result of the election; the people can
vote only for the constitution, framed and pre-
sented to them by these conspirators. They mu9t,
if required, swear, upon the pains and penalties of
perjury, to support that constitution when adopted,
and by its terms are restricted, and shall in no
event be permitted, by alteration or amendment
of their fundamental law, " to affect the rights
of property in the ownership of slaves." With
the shadow of this great calamity upon them,
shedding its dubious twilight overall their habit-
ations, threatening the inauguration in their midst
of that anarchy which is fearful in energy and
atheistical in creed, frightening their pale-faced
villages with war, and profaning their temples and
shrines with the blood of murder; they are mocked
with the infamous and gratuitous counsel of sub-
mission, Submit, submit, says the President,and
vote, now that you have a fair opportunity^, for
this constitution, framed by usurpers and tyrants,
or be yourselves " alone responsible for the con-
sequences."
Responsible, sir, for what consequences? For
the conscquences of refusing to submit to Federal
dictation and Federal usurpation —the conse-
quences of provoking, by this act of disobedience,
the power of that vengeance which slumbers m
the arm of the Federal Executive. The threat is
as weak as it is wicked. The millions of the popu-
lous North would revolt against the attempt of
the Federal Government to arrogate to itself the
power expressly reserved to the people—the power
to form their own local and State institutions.
The President himself confesses, that the people
of Kansas are allowed only to vote for this con-
stitution; and that, although they should all vote
for it with no slavery, they must, nevertheless*
have it with slavery, and must support it with
slavery; and to excuse this atrocious invasion or
the people's rights, the President says:
" Should the constitution without slavery be adopted by
the votes of the majority, the rights of property in slaves
now in the Terraoiy are reserved. Th number of these
is very small; but it'it were greater, the provision would be
equally just and reasonable. These slaves were brought
into the Territory under the Constitution of tlie United
Slates, and aie now the pioperty of their masters. This
pomt has at length been finally decided by the highest judi-
cial tubunal of the country ; and tin-* upon the plain prin-
ciple th.rt when a confederacy of sovereign States acquire
a new Territory at their joint expense, both equality and
notice demand that the citizens of one and all of them shall
have the light to take into it whatsoever is recognized as
property by the common Constitution."
A most humiliating confession, should the peo-
ple adopt the constitution without slavery, the
rights of property in slaves now in the Territory
are reserved, and therefore they have a constitu-
tion with slavery; and this we are told by the
President "is just and reasonable," because
"these slaves were brought into the Territory
under the Constitution of the United States, "ana
"are now the property of their masters." It only
remains for the President to say that the people
of Kansas are now the property of their masters'.
In another communication the President has told
the country " that slavery existed in Kansas under
the Constitution of the United States;" and nov£
he says "this point has been decided by the
highest judicial tribunal;" and yet he says, as if
he wore demented," the question has been fairly
and expressly referred to the people whether they
will have a constitution with or without slavery,*'
and every citizen may express, by his vote,
whether Kansas shall be received into the Union
with or without slavery. Surely this cannot be
if slavery is in Kansas under and b^ virtue of the
Constitution of the United States. Why talk of
submitting it to the people when slavery is there,
not by force of their will, but by force of the Con-
stitution of the United States? Why talk of the
people of a Territory excluding that which the
Constitution of the United States sanctions and
upholds? Can the people of Kansas repeal, by
a vote, or otherwise, the Constitution of the
United States?
Is it not written on the face of that instrument^
" this Constitution shall be the supreme law of
the land, the constitution and laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding?" ^ If, therefore,
men are property under the Constitution of the
United States, and by virtue thereof held as prop-
erty in the Territory of Kansas, it is in vain, and
a mockery, to talk of the right of the people of
that Territory to exclude slavery therefrom, or to
establish a State constitution withoutslavery; and
hence the conclusion of the President upon this
hypothesis is logically and severely true—that
although the majority qf the people of Kansas
adopt a constitution without slavery, slavery
nevertheless continues in their Territory, and
under their constitution so adopted. And to this
complexion has it come at last—that in Kansas it
is just and reasonable that the people thereof shall
