1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
35th Cong....1st Sess. Fifteen Million Loan—Home Valuation—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
may be summed up in a very few words. It is to
substitute a home valuation on dutiable articles
for the foreign valuation on which we now assess
the duties. Thatisthe greatobject. The objec-
tion to it is, that in the first place, it is unconsti-
tutional, that it conflicts with that provision of the
Constitution which declares that bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the other House. It
seems to me that no just construction of these
terms can exclude the Senate from the power of
making any changes or alferations in the mode
of collection, although the effect of those changes
may be either to diminish or to enhance the rev-
enue. Still theyaredifferentsubjectsoflegislation.
Nothing can be more distinct than the revenue
which is collected, and the means or system which
you employ for its collection. On one subject only
are you inhibited, and that is, from originating a
bill of revenue. We may originate a bill here
altogether altering and changing the laws which
constitute our system for the collection of the rev-
enue. The revenue and the system of laws for
its collection are distinctand separate things. We
are only precluded from originating bills for rais-
ing revenue.
But can this provision offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island be brought within the prohi-
bition contained in that section—the prohibition
upon the Senate? If a gentleman shall trace out the
change in the mode of collection, and show that it
would, by preventing frauds or otherwise, increase
the amount of levenue, can he therefore on this
construction turn around and say, " You cannot
change the mode of collection; that is beyond your
constitutional power?" By this sort of construc-
tion, how much power might be brought within the
influence of this clause of the Constitution,and how
might the force of the Senate upon many ques-
tions of legislation be withered and made ctUucly
nugatory? Can you do nothing to increase the
commerce of the country, to encourage industry,
to increase its importations and its expoitations,
because thereby the revenue would be increased ?
Can you not change the mode of collection, or
adopt any other means within your competency
and the wisdom of the Senate to increase the rev-
enue by increasing the subjects of commerce, the
amount of importations and exportations? Why
might not gentlemen, by the same sort of con-
struction of the Constitution, bring all these sub-
jects within the influence of this provision of the
Constitution? Sir, where is the policy, where is
the propriety of the Senate of the United States
making this sort of construction, and then con-
struing these constructions, and extending and
widening out this prohibition as far as possible?
Why should we be guilty of this species of in-
dustry merely for the purpose of circumscribing
our powers ?
It is the privilege of the House of Represent-
atives, if we infract our duties and undertake to
originate bills of revenue or bills that can be fairly
considered as conflicting with their power of ori-
ginating bills of revenue, to take the exception; but
if we add all the exceptions which may be taken
here to serve a particular purpose on a particular
occasion, and the House of Representatives sets
up pretensions there, between the parliamentary
doctrines which may be urged here on a particu-
lar occasion and the pretensions which may be
got up in the popular branch of the Legislature,
what is to become of the power of the Senate?
Sir, I will give to this provision of the Constitu-
tion as stnctly fait and as fanly strict construc-
tion as 1 can; but, by mere construction, I will
not divest the Senate oven ofadoubtful and ques-
tionable power. If it is a doubtful one, there is
no necessity for ns to surrender it at discretion—
make a voluntary surrender. If the House of
Representatives can find in it any encroachment
on their privileges, let them make the objection,
let them take the exception. I do not think there
is any fair ground of exception here or there; but
if there was any constitutional question presented
now to the Senate and involved in this amend-
ment, I confess my surprise that it is attempted to
reduce that question to a mere question of order.
Questions oi order are generally summarily de-
cided. They relate merely to the proceedings of
the Senate. When was it thought of before that
upon every bill which might be introduced here,
a question of order may Le made and tliePresid-
Nlw Strtius.—No. 29.
! ing Officer called upon to decide that point of
I order, involving, in that very decision, whether it
j is constitutional or not? Suppose you were to
put the question of order, which is still persisted
in: sir, how would you put it? " The question is:
is this amendmentconstitutional or not?" When
was such a question ever heard of as being put
otherwise than when you come to vote upon
the passage of a bill, from one stage to another,
or upon its final passage? That is the solemn
decision whic&h every constitutional question must
have. Suppose, upon putting it in that way, a
majority could be found in the Senate to decide
that it was a question of order, whether a bill, or
any particular provision of a bill, was constitu-
tional. The Senate, then, halving settled the ques-
tion, when the next bill comes forward and the
same point is raised, who is to settle it? It has
been already determined that it is a question of
order; then it devolves on the President of this
body to decide; and although, in the first instance,
it being a new question, it is referred to the body
to decide it, yet, if it be a question of order, it is
the business of whoever occupies your chair to
settle it, and if that question should again occur
to-day on another bill, is it to be continually re-
ferred to the Senate? Questions of order are a
proper subject of decision by the Presiding Offi-
cer. If this is decided to be a legitimate course
of proceeding, the gentleman who occupies the
chair must decide it in the next case, and the next.
Tii be sure, theie is a right of appeal; but this
summary decision is on the most important ques-
tion wo can have m ourlegislation. Itis no ques-
tion of order; it is a solemn decision to be made
upon the final disposition the Senate makes of any
; question submitted to it, and cannot be brought
i with in the range of that summary authority which
; is to be exercised by the Presiding Officer. Qucs-
' tions of order are hastily sptung; and should be
decided summarily and promptly, in order that
business may proceed; and if this suminai y juris-
diction of the Chair is to be extended to embrace
all constitutional questions, we shall be eternally
debating abstract questions, whether a bill is con-
stitutional or not; and then, when we come finally
to act upon it, every Senator will vote according
to his own final judgment and opinion. What do
we gain by deciding that it is unconstitutional?
Nothing at all. It is a question of a much more
important and serious character. j
But, sir, I have said more than I intended on \
this subject, and I shall detain the Senate but a j
short time longer. I agree with my honorable j
friend from Georgia in every position he has taken j
in regard to the merits of this amendment, and I |
feel gratified at having his concurrence m these i
provisions. A home valuation is the only fair and j
safe one. To say that we cannot have one that !
will be fair under our Constitution, is to suppose '
our Constitution a failure. The^e is nothing in
the Constitution to intimate that"we are to look
to a foreign country to furnish us with the means
of making up that uniform value to which taxa-
tion is to beapplied throughout the United States,
upon all imported goods. It is to be uniform; I
no preference is to be given. Why cannot we I
tax that uniform value here? There is no rea- '
son why we cannot. It may be more difficult,
but that does not show that it cannot be done. It
may be more easy, and I think it is. If fairness
is one of the objects to be attained by valuation,
if prevention of fiaud is to be an objcct, undoubt- :
cdly it is the best means of counteracting fraud.
Every Secrctai y of the Treasury who has spoken ■
on this subject tells you that the foreign valuation
is the source of frauds, to a vast extent, upon the ;
revenue of the country. We know it. The gen-!
tleman from Georgia has demonstrated that from j
fifty to one hundred million dollars of the goods j
imported into«this country are left out in the val- >
uation to which we apply our taxes. Shall we j
not, then, in the face of this state of things, en- I
deavor to countcract this great evil—a fraud upon I
our Treasury, a fraud upon every fair competitor ;
in carrying on the commerce of the United States, ;
a fraud upon the people to whom thes^ goods ore ;
sold for the same prices as if they had paid the j
duty ? It is nothing but a fraud in all its chavac- !
teristics and in all its operations. It is a fraud
upon the industry of your country; it is a fraud
upon every man engaged 1$ the production of the
same articles here, thus cheapening the products
of his labor.
The effect of this measure, I presume, will be,
of course, to enhance the aggregate of duties
which we are to collect; hut still the rate of taxa-
tion is the same. It is only an enforcement, and
a fair and thorough enforcement,of the laws which
now exist. Suppose we were to look for analo-
gies to what occurs in our States; I will take the
State of Kentucky, for instance. A great deal
of live stock is imported from Europe into the
United States. Suppose a gentleman who is ap-
plied to by the tax-gatherer, in Kentucky, where
taxes are paid according to the value of the prop-
erty, was to say: " Now, sir, make up the value
by taking the price of this animal in England; I
got him on board the vessel for so much,and that
is all I will pay taxes on.'! He would be an-
swered: " That is not the rule we apply." We
find out the home valuation,and, if he uoes not
value his animal at a proper price, the tax-col-
lector does, and he pays it. That, in its simplest
form, is the justice of the case, and that is the
proper rule for taxation. A home valuation only
applies the principle, in that simple case, to this
more complex one—that is all.
These frauds affect our revenue. They affect
the industry of our country. I want to give that
industry every advancement I can, and set our
people to work. Labor is the source of all value
—of all property. Why has not your commerce
increased ? Why has it not revived according to
the calculations of the Secretary of the Treasury?
Because that labor which is productive, that labor
which consumes, has been paralyzed, and is not
able to sustain itself as it used to do; is not able
to purchase as much. That must be one of the
causes. Money is abundant in the country; we
have a great many wealthy men able to buy; but
yet the demand for foreign goods is diminished,
and continues at a lower rate than has been esti-
mated by all calculators on the subject. Why?
Because that great fund,-amounting to millions
and hundreds of millions, the product of the labor
of the laboring men of the country, has been par-
alyzed, and they arc yet unrewarded for their labor
to such an extent as to enable them to be the con-
sumers of goods. That far the demand is dimin-
ished; and that far, of course, the supply is dimin-
ished. I venture to say that the commerce of the
country will increase just exactly in proportion
as you see the wages of the laboring class of our
countrymen everywhere increase; I do not mean
mere mechanical labor, but agricultural labor and
every sort of labor. When that comes to its re-
ward, when that is fairly remunerated, the parties
remu iterated w ill be able to purchase foreign goods,
and then commerce will supply them, and then
commerce will revive.
Now, sir, we must set the hand of industry
into activity. We have the means of doing it
abundantly, as I am induced to believe by my
fiicnd from Rhode Island, who is my pilot on
this subject. Any fair and just revenue, collected
with proper discrimination upon foreign goods
for the supply of the Treasury, will furnish, bv
fair, incidental operation, all the protection whick
the labor of this country now wants. It will set
the men of Pennsylvania to work; her hills and
her valleys will pour forth their treasures of coal
and of iron, and the labor of the country every-
, where will rise up and emich and strengthen our
! land. Tnat is our great resource. That is the
! great source from which our strength and our
! greatness are to come. Yet we find the Govern-
: mnnt admitting and tolerating these frauds in our
■ foreign commerce, thus checking the hand of in-
; dustry; checking the progress which, as a nation,
: we ought to be making in all that relates to the
| development of the natural resources of our own
! country and our own labor. Sir, I want to see
1 something done in this direction. I think we can
I do itwithoutoflensctoany, withoutoffondingany
! principle that has ever been announced, North or
; South, to our own general and universal benefit.
! 1 agree with my friend from Georgia, that the
! expenditures of this Government ought to be, and
must be. diminished. Instead of that, they have
. increased,and are increasing. Another thing must,
i be done. Public prodigality, public extravagance,
, is public profligacy—they are one and the same
thing. If we want to preserve qui Government,
