2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Instead of five minutes, it allows ten minutes for
explanation on bills objected to.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. HUGHES. I want first to have read a
resolution which I have drawn up.
Mr CHAFFEE. I prefer my own resolution,
and would like it to be put to the vote of the
House
Mr. MILLSON". Has the proposition of the
gentleman from New York been accepted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts ?
The SPEAKER. It was not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
such change of the rules as that proposed by the
gentleman from New Yoik. It would cut olf de- ;
bate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the res-
olution ofthe gentleman fiom Massachusetts.
Mr. CHAFFEE. 1 move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering my lesolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it is not
in order to enter into debate; but I desiie to say
that I would like to see the resolution ofthe gen-
tleman from New York passed.
Mr. STANTON. That will come in as a sub-
stitute.
Mr. -LETCHER. Will the gentleman from :
Massachusetts allow me to make a surest ion ? I
see, by the terms of the resolution, that all bills
reported from committees are to be referred, al-
though there may be no objection to them in the i
mind of any member. Why should that course j
be adopted ? Those bills aie of as much interest I
as others; many ofthem arc Senate bills, to which !
there will be no objection. I do not see why they j
should be placed upon the Calander while it is ;
agreeable to the House to pass them. !
Mr. CHAFFEE. My object was not to give j
bills coming in to-day precedence of business al- .
remiy on the Calendar. ;
Mr. GROW. I suggest that bilks from the
Court of Claims ought to have precedence.
. The question was taken; and, on division, there
were—ayes 11:2, noes 3o.
So (more than two thirds voting in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended, and Mr. Chaffee's
resolution received.
Mr. CHAFFEE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON. Now, as we cannot have an
opportunity to vote upon a substitute, I call the
yeas and nays upon ordering the mam question.
Mr. KELSE\ . I ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof, the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call of
committees for reports of a private nature, com-
mencing with the Committee of Elections.
JOHN WOOD AND OTHERS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to which was re-
ferred the petition of John Wood and Benjamin
T. Rilley, reported it back, and asked that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
APPRAISERS IN CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. J. GLANC Y JONES, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the petition of the
appraisers in the Charleston custom-house, asked
that the committee be discharged from the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
It was so ordered.
CALEB SHERMAN.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back I
Senate bill (No. 338) for the relief of Caleb Slier- j
man, and ask that the biil be put upon its pas-
sage. It appropriates no money whatever.
The biil was read. It directs the proper ac- '
counting officers of the Treasury, in settling the 1
accounts of Caleb Sherman, collector at Paso del
Norte, to allow to his credit $975 60, the amount
ofG-overnment money of which he was robbed on
the 6th of November, 1855.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
SMITH, PERKINS, AND SMITH.
Mr. LETCHER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back Senate
bill for the relief of Elijah F. Smith, Gilmaii H.
Perkins, and Charles F. Smith, of Rochester,
New York; and I ask that it be put upon its pas-
sage. It seems that the firm in Rochester, for
whose relief the bill is, purchased of Sturges, Ben-
nett & Co., one hundred bags of coffee, which
were in bond in Boston, and executed the usual
bond for the payment of the duty. But by mis-
take the colfee was sent on to New York, and
delivered to llcdiield & Co., who forwarded it to
Albany. The parlies,when they heard of it,trans-
ported it back to New York, and asked to have
it rewarehonsed; but in the mean time the bond
executed at Boston had come to matuiity, and the
collector refused to receive the coffee, and exacted
one hundred per cent, penalty on the amount of
duty. The simple object of this bill is to author-
ize the refunding of this one hundred per cent.
The bill was ordered to a third leading; and
was accordingly read the third tim x,«ind passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. W. COCHRAN.
Mr. HOWARD, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of J. W. Coch-
ran; which was laid upon the table.
MARY PETI5RY.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, repotted bark, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 173)
for the relief of Mary Petery; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
BERNARD M. BYRNE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 282) for the re-
lief of Bernard M. Byrne; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
RICHARD FITZPATRICK.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, ftom the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (C. C. No. 393) for the
relief of Richard Fitzpatrick; which was reforn d
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHARNER T. SCAIFE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (C. C. No. 183) for the
relief of Charncr T. Scaife, administrator of Gil-
bert Stalker; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
FRANKLIN PEALE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, i eported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 293) for the relief
of Franklin Peale; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
ELTZA E. OGDEN.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, fiom the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 363) for the re-
lief of Eliza E. Ogden; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois,
Oidered, That the Committee of Claims be dischai^ed
fiom the furthei consideration of the memorial of George K.
McGutmcgle, and the Memorial of Georjre M. Weston ; and
that the same be lefeired to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
CORNELIUS BOYLE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, bill (C. C. No. 24) for
the relief of Cornelius Boyle, administrator of
John Boyle, deceased; which was referred to a
Committee of the "Whole House, and, with the
accompanying repoit, ordered to be printed.
JAMES HUGO.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, front the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the me-
morial of James Hugo; which was laid on the ta-
ble, and the report ordered to be printed.
FREDERICK ZARRACHER.
Mr. MAPwSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the me-
morial of Frederick Zarracher; which was laid
on the table, and the report ordered to be printed.
H. A. CLOPPER.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, made an adverse report upon the me-
morial of H. A. Clopper; which was laid on tho
table, and the report ordered to*be printed.
WILLIAM P. BOWBAY.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back the memorial of Wil-
liam P. Bowbay, and moved that the committee
be discharged from the same, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
P. S. DUVALL AND CO.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 331) for the relief
of P. S. Duval! & Co., with an adverse report
thereon. The bill was leferred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
JOHN GRAYSON.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported back Senate joint resolution (No. 38) for
the relief of John Grayson, and asked that it be
put on its passage.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read.
It appropriates $5% 13 to refund money ad-
vanced upon the certificate of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved that the vote by which
the joint resolution was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laul on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEPHEN R. ROWAN.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, from the same
committee, repoited back Senate bill (No. 330)
for the relief of Stephen R. Rowan.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the con-
sent ofthe House to put that bill upon its passage.
It makes no appropriation of money; and it is
important that it should pass at this time, in order
that the person for whose benefit it is intended
may receive the advantage of it. It is to relieve
a judgment against him.
No objection being made, the bill was read.
It provides that Stephen II. Rowan shall be re-
leased from the judgment entered against him in
the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Illinois, upon the payment of costs.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana , moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bili was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL V. NILES.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 131) for the relief of
Samuel V. Niles, with an adverse report thereon.
The bill was laid on the table; and the report
ordered to be printed.
C.'EDWARD HABICHT.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 284) for the relief
of C. Edward Habicht, administrator of J. W. P.
Lev/is; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
