1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the resolution to which this is a
response was adopted on the 15th, at the instance
of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The communication was thereupon referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication oflike character, in response to a. res-
olution of the House of the 19th instant; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communications; which were disposed
of as indicated below:
A communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, transmitting copies of
all contracts entered into by him for the year 1857,
as required by the House resolution of April, 1838.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, asking an appropriation for deficiencies for
surveying the public lands, in connection with the
private land claims in California. Referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, asking an appropriation for the deficiencies
in the appropriations made at the last session of
Congress for the erection of stables and a con-
servatory for the President's House. Referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, asking an appropriation for deficiencies in
the appropriations for the Post Office Department.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to the resolution of the House of
the 18th instant, transmitting the information
called for, relative to the estimates necessary to
complete the harbors of Delaware river. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
in answer to the resolution of the House of 15th
January, 1858, calling for the report of the com-
missioners appointed to ascertain and report upon
the war claims in Washington and Oregon Ter-
ritories. Referred to the Committee on Military
AfFiiirs, and ordered to be printed,
A communication from the War Department,
containing statements of the appropriations ap-
plicable to the War Department, during the years
1856 and 1857, the amount drawn by requisition,
the balance due on the 1st of July, 1857, and such
of the appropriations as have been carried to the
surplus fund. Laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the First Assistant Post-
master General, transmitting copies of contracts
for the transportation of the United States mail to
foreign countries; also, tabular statements of the
accounts of postages derived from the mail trans-
ported as aforesaid. Referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
STENOGRAPHER TO SELECT COMMITTEE.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the motion to adjourn, to
permit me to* offer a resolution authorizing the
select committee of investigation into charges con-
nected with disbursement of money of Lawrence,
Stone & Co., to appoint a stenographer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot withdraw
the motion; if I do the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia fMr. Faulkner | first comes up.
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 hope the House will
vote down the motion. I cannot present the reso-
lution, except by unanimous consent, on any
other day.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
OMISSION IN ENROLLMENT.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Faulkner to suspend the rules. .
Mr. STANTON. I now ask unanimous con-
gent to offer my resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to know
what is the first business in order ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Virginia to suspend the rules.
Mr. IICJGHES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio authorizing the select committee of investi-
gation into the conduct of the late Doorkeeper, to
employ a stenographer.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I demand the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia does not desire a vote upon his bill
to-day, if it can come up next Monday.
Mr. FAULKNER. If I can be assured that
it will come up next Monday, that will be per-
fectly satisfactory to me.
Mr. STANTON. Then I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will if I can have any
assurance that the motion will comeup nextMon-
day.
Mr. HOUSTON. No bargains.
Mr. STANTON. That bill cannot pass with-
out discussion. The gentleman from Virginia
certainly does not con template pressing it to a vote
to-day.
Mr. FAULKNER. When I submitted the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, I supposed the House
would adjourn, and the motion go over until Mon
day next. I am perfectly willing that the reso
lution of the gentleman from Ohio shall come up
for consideration now, if my motion can go over
until next Monday.
Mr. STANTON. It is perfectly obvious that
our committee can do nothing during the coming
week unless this resolution is passed to-day.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained, because nothing has intervened since
the vote was taken on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. 130C0CK." I will make the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RUFFIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bliss and
Russell were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw the call for tellers. I would
be glad if he would do so. I think that the gen-
tleman ought to have an opportunity to have the
House pass on his resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I would withdraw it, but for
the fact that if I do so, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would lose his motion.
The House refused to adjourn; the tellers having
reported—ayes 43, noes 70.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred oil the motion that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Mr. HUGHES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will per-
mit me for a single moment, by withdrawing his
motion that there be a call of the House, I would
say I think there is an arrangement between the
gentleman from Virginia and myself, by which
we both can accomplish our purposes without
further trouble.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was no
quorum on the last vote. I do not want to do
anything without a quorum.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Wumos were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 72.
The Chair voted in the negative, making a quo-
rum.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will indulge mo for a moment, I will indicate the
course I propose to adopt with regard to the bill
from the consideration of which I propose to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole, and which
will accomplish my purpose, and at the same
time give an opportunity to the gentleman from
Ohio to accomplish what I think ought to be
done.
The bill to which I have called the attention of
the House is a bill to correct an error of the en-
rolling clerk, by which he omitted from the Army
appropriation bill of last session one of the regu-
lar annual appropriations recommended by the
Executive, and which, for a series of years, has
been annually appropriated, according to the
military policy of the country, for the national
armories.
It was simply an omission, and it is impera-
tively necessary that it shall now be supplied or
your national armories will be closed. I propose
now merely to ask to have the rules suspended,
and the bill taken from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and when that
has been done, I will move to postpone its consid-
eration until Monday next.
Mr. GROW. I desire to understand exactly
what the bill is. Does it embrace only that item
for the armories ?
Mr. FAULKNER. That is all, sir. It is one
of the regular annual appropriations.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can a motion to
suspend the rules be postponed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Virginia merely proposes to
postpone the consideration of the bill itself in case
the rules shall be suspended, and the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union discharged
from its consideration.
The bill to supply an omission in a certain act, *
therein named, was then read. It proposes to
appropriate $360,000 for the manufacture of arms
at the national armories; that item having been
accidentally omitted in the enrollment of the Army
appropriation bill of the last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if this is a motion to suspend the rules merely to
get the bill before the House, or does it include
that the bill shall be first considered in the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules so that the bill shall be considered in the
House.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now move that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a divis-
ion on the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The call for a division comes
too late, the Chair had announced the result of
the vote.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I asked for a di-
vision as soon as I could. And I submit tp you,
sir, this question. You had to vote a moment
ago to make a quorum here, and is it right for us
to legislate without a quorum ? [Cries 'of " Or-
der! " " Order!"}
The SPEAKER. The last vote of the House
showed that there was a quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By the vote of
the Speaker, a bare quorum was obtained.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I ask
for a division upon that.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thompson
and Barksdale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 110, noes 8.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OF A STENOGRAPHEB.
Mr. STANTON. I now ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate thy charges against members and officers of the last
Congress, growing out of the disbursement of any sum of
money by Lawrence, Stone &. Co., be authorized to employ
a stenographer, at the usual late of compensation.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object to thatres-
olution.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules
so as to enable me to offer it.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 113, noes 10.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. HUGHES. I offered an amendment to
the resolution. I sent it to the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. It was not in order, pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. I sent it up before the pre-
vious question was demanded.
