4 52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Shaw.
-Ho. of Reps.
of the committee, to foresee when that necessity
would cease. Since that time, however, the Con-
gress has been pleased to add three regiments, one
of mounted men and two of infantry, it seems,
though all might be mounted. The addition pro-
posed would have just been equal to three regi-
ments of rank and file. One of them would have
been mounted and two of them necessarily on
foot; whereas now, it is a matter of discretion
with the executive department. But then all the
field officers and staff were added to the bill which
Congress chose to prefer to that reported by the
committee, arid the expense was increased for an
organization of the same character of troops. It
was a bad stroke of economy. It increased the
higher officers, it increased the staff, and it gave
the same number of effective men.
As to the number of troops that are necessary,
it is an endless question. It is a thing, at last,
which is a matter of speculation. Men will differ,
from the different points in which they view it. I
should be very glad, indeed, were I to sec arise
a spirit in Congress that sought to draw in the
small posts they have thrown out beyond the
reach of civilization, concentrate them in large
garrisons, and thus have a service by which great
economy can be obtained. More efficiency, and
avast saving of money, would be the result of
that policy. Thus far, exactly the reverse has
been the case. It is Congiess that has driven the
Executive to that dispersion of military foice; so
much so that I doubt very much indeed the pru-
dencc or propriety of any executive officer un-
dertaking to change the whole system of the dis-
position of military force, without first having an
expression from Congress in relation to it.
I am ,lYIr. President, opposed to the amendment.
1 think the question of order was fairly raised. I
understand thatis withdiawn. Being withdrawn,
I have nothing to say upon it. I am opposed to
the amendment for a few reasons, which i wiil at-
tempt, very briefly, to give. The home valuation
is to make the goods worth different prices m
different ports of the United States. It is to give
the advantage of one port over another. It is to
aid the centralizing power of commerce—as cen-
tralizing as the exterior pressure—to bring the
whole trade into one great metropolis, and, from
that, to allow it to radiate to the smaller towns.
Paying less duty in New York, and charged with
no additional duty when sending from New York
to other ports, tin5,re would be a diiect interest to
the importer to bring his goods info New Yoik,
and then send thein to other ports of the United
States.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment proposes a
valuation at the city of New York, in all coses.
Mr. DAVIS. I Low can you establish a valu-
ation in New York, when you add to the foreign
value of the goods the freight and charges at San
Francisco? ^Uow arc you to know the value of
those goods in New \ork? How can you pos-
sibly do that ? It would be unequal in its opeia-
tion. Still more, sir, would it ihiow wide and
open the gate to fraud. Constantly it has been
assumed that this was a measure to check fraud;
and how? You have appraisers now; and the
appraisers and the invoicersare cheeks upon each
other. Then you abandon the invoice, and rely
on the appraiser alone. If a man be ignorant or
corrupt, you turn him loose to every species of
corruption, and to eveiy possible degree of.ava-
nce. Now, it is a part of (he appiaiser's duty to
examine the invoice, and examine the goods, and
if they be below vahie m his judgment, then the
importer is subject, in one case, to an increased
charge, and in another, to a forfeiture of thegoods
for a fraud. Are you to get better men by chang-
ing the law? Are you to change the mode of ap-
pointment? Are you to secure experts under one
system and not have them underanother? I take
it for granted that the appraisers will not be im-
proved. It is upon your appraisers now you are
compelled to icly. You have appiaisers who
pass from point to point. You have such officers
now. They might seek thus to render uniform
the duties and valuations. That it is their duty
to perform now. Now you have the invoice of
the foreign value. Then you could have the in-
spection of the goods and the invoice also. You
can resort to the inspection now, whenever you
choose The appraisers have all the power now
they would have then. They have less tempta-
tion to fraud now than they would have under a
change of the system. I rely upon the maxim of
Mr. Jefferson: trust nothing to man; fetter him in
the chains of the law. The present law is more
restrictive; your appraisers are now more con-
fined to the performance of their duty with integ-
rity, than they would be if you abandoned the
present system, and left the appraisers to fix the
home valuation. Home valuation is another
mode of diseiiminating between the less favored
ports of the Union. Home valuation is but an-
other mode by %vhich we ark proposing now to
increase the commerce of cities; and home valua-
tion, instead of being the means by which we
would get rid of fraud, according to my judgment,
would render us more liable to fraud, and it
would increase the number of our custom-house
officers, now swollen beyond the limits I am wil-
ling to bear. These are my opinions.
Mr. BELL. I have been looking through
this question, Mr. President, and the proposition
which I supposed would come from the Execu-
tive for an increased means of carrying on the
Government in the present fiscal year as a test of
what we might expect as to the future policy and
destiny of this country. Ileie is a proposition
to increase the debt of the country for the present
fiscal year in a time of profound peace; and this
is acknowledged by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who represents the views of
the Government of the country, as an inevitable
necessity, that the Government cannot be carried
on without this additional supply. I remember
that when the proposition was made to issue
#20,000,000 ofTreasuiy notes, it was stated that
that was contemplated as a temporary relief 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much disturbance in the Chamber.
Mr. BELL. I am very well aware, sir, that I
am speaking against the sense and wishes of a
large majority of the Senate, and even of many
of those whom I should expect to listen to me.
But I was proceeding to state that! consider this
as a great test question 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee yield ?
Mr. HELL. I do not; and vet 1 think it will
be in vain to attempt to proceed, from the temper
manifested all around, with which I am utterly
astonished.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think it is the desire of the
Senate to adjourn.
Mr. CELL. I wish to say that I do not mean
that this question shall pass away until I have an
opportunity at, least of invoking the Senate to a
more serious consideration of the importance of
the question which is pending, and what the con-
sequences of it will be when it is announced to
the country under all the circumstances of the
Cfc.SC.
Mr. MALLOIIY. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee allow me to say a word?
Mr. BELL. With great pleasure.
Air. MALLORY. It is very evident that we
cannot get through to-night. It is now close upon
six o'clock; and I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I am very happy to yield for that
purpose. ■
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourncd.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY M. SHAW,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Itf the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SHAW said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 am very reluctant in obtrud-
ing myself on the attention of the committee at
th 13 hue period of the session, particularly on a
question that is not immediately before the com-
mittee. But I feel that the provocation under
which I now speak must be a sufficient apology,
m the estimation of every gentleman m t^iis
House.
It will be recollected, perhaps, by some gen-
tlemen present, that some time since I addressed
the committee on the question of the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution. I
think I can appeal to you, Mr. Chairman, and to
every gentleman who heard me on that occasion,
in pi oof of the declaration I, now make, that, from
the beginning to the end of that speech, I treated
my colleague from the fifth congressional district
of North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] to whom I then
replied, with the utmost courtesy. What, sir, has
been the course of my colleague ?
Mr. GILMER. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question right there? I want to know
why my colleague represents me in his speech as
being opposed to the admission of Kansas as a
slave State—using the words, " otherwise as a
slave State ?"
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I will answer
the gentleman on that point, before I resume my
seat, as I should have done if he had not called
my attention to the subject.
I ask again, what has been the course of the
gentleman towards myself? Why, sir, on the
evening of Saturday week, my colleague came
into this Hall after I had left it, (having been here
many hours,) and announced that it was his in-
tention to address the committee in reply to me;
but, with an affectation of generosity, of liberal-
ity, and of magnanimity, which I believe never
found a lodgment in his heart, he pretended that
he could not do so because I was not present. Sir,
if the gentleman had desired me to be present
when he made his speech, it would have been a
small tax upon him to have indicated the-fact to
me. On the following Monday evening, after the
House had resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole for general debate, it being understood
that no business was to be done, having seen my
colleague take his hat and leave the Hall, and
being wearied and exhausted by a continuous
session of seven or eight hours, I followed his
example, and retired to my hotel. He returned
and made the assault upon me, to which it is now
my purpose to reply.
It was not till the next morning that I saw it
reported in the Globe that he had given notice on
the previous Saturday night of his intention to
reply to me, and this? was the first intimation I
had of his design. I jepeat, if he had had a desne,
or the least disposition, to have mc present when
he made that reply, why did ho not state it-to me,
so that I could ha\c been present? But, sir, while
professing regtej. on account of my absence on
that occasion, he went so far as to say that in
making the speech which I did the 20th day of
April, 1 had studfously and intentionally waited'
till he had gone to North Carolina—and for what ?
In order that 1 might lake advantage of his absence
to do him injustice. Now, sir, 1 tell the gentle-
man, what I believe he feels and knows, that there
is nothing about him, physically or intellectually,
that I fear, and nothing that should have caused
me to desire his absence'when I spoke.
Forn considerable time after the publication of
his speech, whenever the House went into Com-
mittee of the Whole, it was for the consideration
of a special order, which, as y^u are aware, and
as my colleague, I presume, knows, excludes gen-
eral debate, so that, as many of my friends know,
1 was unable to obtaip the ilooi for the purpose
I had in view, until the time I made my leply.
But my colleague says that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] obtained the floor soon
after he made his speech, and replied to a portion
of it. That is very tiue; but my colleague knows
it occurred before his speech was printed, and I
was unwilling to reply to him until I had seen his
speech in print, for I was determined to do him
no injustice.
My colleague saw fit to apply to me injurious
terms and offensive epithets. I shall not enter
into any such contest with him; he is a proficient
in an accomplishment which my tastes never led
me to cultivate. If I have a personal grievance to
redress f will seek a proper opportunity to do it,
and a more appropriate arena than this Hall.
Moreover, when my colleague was called to ac-
count for the offensive language which he applied
to me, he declared that he did not intend to be
personally offensive; and yet, sir, he suffered his
speech to go into the Congressional Globe, the
