2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Department upon the same footing with the
messengers in the other Departments. It can be
amended, I presume, so as to make it satisfactory
to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I will withdraw my
motion to lay it upon the table.
Mi*. ENGLISH. If it is more satisfactory to
the House, I will move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on the PosCOffice and Post Roads,
which is the committee to which it properly be-
longs.
Mr, HOUSTON. There is more in that reso-
lution than the distinct proposition to increase the
compensation of the messengers. It proposes to
give a construction to a law by which you make
three regular bureaus out of the offices of Assist-
ant Postmasters in the Department, That will be
the effect of its passage.
Mr. KELSEY. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
t Mr. KELSEY. Then I object to it.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the PostOtfice and Post Roads.
COSTS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. BILLINGHURST, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report 011 a resolution of
the X-Iouse directing them to inquire into the ex-
pediency of so amending the law regulating crim-
inal prosecutions in courts of the United Suites
that defendants shall be entitled to recover their
costs in cases where the Government fads in the ^
• prosecution, and the defendants are acquitted*,]
and also on two memorials on the same subject;
which were laid on the table, and the reports or-
dered to be printed.
RICHARD D. ROWLAND.
Mr. READY, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 262) for the relief
of the heirs or legal representatives of Richard
D. Rowland and others, and asked that the same
be put upon its passage.
Mr. COX objected.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to ho
printed.
GIDEON WALKER.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Gid-
eon Walker; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole I louse,
and, with the accompanying report, oidered to
be primed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF C. PORTE II Fi ELD.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, ivpmted
back, with 0 recommendation that it do pass,
Senate bill (No. 203) for the relief of the repre-
sentativesof Charles Portrriield, deceased; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
JANET M'CALL.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass. Sen-
ate bill (No. 130) for the relief of Janet McCall,
only child of Captain James McCall, of the rev-
olutionary army; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole 1 louse, and, with the accom-
panying report, oulered to bo printed.
HEIRS OF ABRAHAM LIVINGSTON.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, icpoi ted a bill for the relief of the heirs
of Abraham Livingston*, which was rend a first
and second time, joforred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
EU7.AB E TH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 30) for the relief
of Elizabeth Montgomery, heirs of Hugh Mont-
gomery; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN LEWIS MARNAY.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Captain LewisMarnay; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF PIERRE AYOTT.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Captain Pierre Ayott, a revolutionary
officer; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed. ' 1
JAMES BELL. j
Mr. CRAGTN, from the same committee, re- j
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs or legal }
representatives of James Bell, late of Chambly, j
in the Province of Lower Canada, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, referred i
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with 1
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. ;
CHILDREN OF MRS. BAKER, j
Mr. CRAGIN, fro m the same committee, re- ;
ported a bill for the relief of the children of the I
late Mrs. Harriet de la Palm Baker, deceased, j
daughter and legal heir of the late Colonel Fred- j
erick II. Weissenfels, of the army of the Revo- ;
lution; which was read a first and second time, !
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and, ,
with the accompanying icport, ordered to be 1
printed.
HEIRS OF GIRARD WOOD. j
Mr. CRAGIN, from the same committee, re-
poitcd a bill l'or the relief of the heirs and legal j
representatives of Girard Wood,deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a i
Committee of the Whole Tlouse, and, with the j
accompanying report, ordered to be printed. i
JOHN DENMAN AND GEORGE TOWNLEY. j
Mr. CRAGIN, from the same committee, re- i
ported a bill for the relief of the legal represent- !
iiuves of John Denman and George Townley; 1
winch was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with 1
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
BRIGADIER GENERAL THOMPSON.
Mr. CL'VWSON, from the same committee, 1
reported a bill (01 the relief of the legal represent- j
atives of Brigadier General John Thompson, de- 1
ceased; which was read a first and second time, !
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 1
and, with the accompanying leport, ordered to be !
printed. I
8 A U A 11 iM A N D E VILI. E. j
Mi. CLAWXON, from the same committee,
repot ted a bill lor the r< lief of Sarah Maude viile; ■
whieh was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with ,
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. .
HEIRS OF ROBERT PAUL.
Mr. CLAY/SON, from the same committee, I
repoi ted a bill for the rel'ef of the heirs of Robei t ;
Paul, a soldier of the Revolution; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com- 1
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN OP COLONEL JOHNSTON.
Mr. CLAWSON, from the same committeo,
reported a bill for the lclief of the. orphan children 1
ftf Colonel Pluhp Johnston; which was read a
first and second time, referied to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be punted.
HEIRS OF BARNARD DE KLYN.
Mr. CLAY/SON, from the same committer,
reported a bill f-n the relief of the heirs of Barnard
Dt: Klyn; whieh was read a first and second timi ,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
JOHN a. SEWELl.
Mr. ATKINS, fiom the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of John G. Sewell; which was read a fiist and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
J. H. SIIEPPERD AND WALTER K.CALDWELL.
Mr. ATKINS, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, House bill (No. 390) for the relief of 1
J. H. Shepperd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Pike
county, Missouri; which was laid upon the table,
and the report ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. ATKINS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the resolutions of the State
of Tennessee in regard to postal laws; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made adverse reports on the
following petitions; which were severally laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed:
The petition of George McClachan;
The petition of Samuel Delevan; and
The petition of R. K. Smith.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported a bill to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report and accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.
MRS. AMBROISE EROU.
Mr. SANDIDGE, fiom the same committee,
reported back Senate bdl (No. 276) for the relief
of Mrs. Ambroise Brou, of the parish of St,
Charles, in the State of Louisiana; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the ieport, ordered to be printed.
BENJAMIN E. EDWARD.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. ]8(>) confirming the
title of Benjamin E. Edward to a ceitain tract of
land in the Territory of New Mexico; which was
referred to aCommittee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
JEHU UNDERWOOD.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate hill (No. 120) to provide for
the final settlement of the claims of J«hu Under-
wood, in Florida; which was leferred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole Iloue, and, with the report,
ordcied to be pnnted.
OLIVIA LANDRY.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill (No. 80) for the relief
of the heirs and legal lepre&entatives of Olivia
Landry; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
MISSOURI LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, from the same committee, re-
poi ted a bill to provide for the location of certain
confirmed private land chums m the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes; which was leferred
to a Committee of the Whole House, ami, with
the report, ordered to be piinted.
ABRAHAM STAPLES.
Mi. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting bounty land to Abraham
Staples, heir-at-law of Isaac Staples, a revolution-
ary soldiei; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. FENTON asked the consent of the House
to nut the bill 011 its passage.
Mr. DEAN objected.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
SYLVESTER TIFFANY.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting bounty land to Sylvester
Tilfanv, 0 private 111 the war of 1812; which was
read a first and second time, refened to a Com-
miteeof the Y/hole House, and, with the report,
oidered to be pnnted.
HYMEN HODGES.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back the memorial of Hymen Hodges, and
moved that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, pre-
sented a number of adverse reports; which were
laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
