1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
■with the laws of the State m which he reside.?;
and, if vou allow aliens to vote for members of
Congress, they may control your legislation here,
and introduce a system of policy entirely at va-
riance with that upon which the Government was
originally formed.
.Now, sir, in presenting the views that I have
submitted to the Senate, 1 am not standing aione. j
In vindication of this principle which I assert, I |
bring to my support the doctrine proclaimed here j
by one of the most distinguished Senatois whose j
voice has ever been heard in this Hall. I will, by '
permission of the Senate, read upon this point the j
views of no less a man than John C. Calhoun, j
who, standing here in vindication of the rights j
of the South, and for the principles of this Gov- j
eminent, foreseeing the dangerous consequences I
which might result, in 1836 gave the warning not i
oniy to tile Senate, but to the country, of the dan- |
gers that would result from this cheap suffrage |
which was being bestowed, or attempted to be \
bestowed, upon the States then coming into the j
Union. Mi. Calhoun said: !
When Oo«igiess has exercised its authority by passing |
unitbiui law ot naturalization, (as it has,) it excludes the :
light of exerci.-ang a similar authouty on the part of the !
State. To suppose that tne states could p.^snauualizatum
acU of their own attei Congress had passed a unifoim law
of natuiahzation, would be to make the piovision of the '
Constitution nugatory." |
He said further—I quote from his speech on ,
the Michigan bill m 1836— i
" To suppose that a State can make an alien a citi/en of
the State, or, to pie-sent the question mote speciIk ally, can
confer on lnm the right oi voting, would involve the ab^uid- !
ity of giving him adueet and immediate connol ovei the
action of the General Government, trom which he ha^ no :
right to claim thepiotection, arid to wliwh he ha3 no ught !
to present a petition. That the lull foice of the ab-uidity '
may be felt, it must be boi ne in mmd that eveiy department i
of the General Government is culiei duertij oi indirectly I
under the control of the votei*, in the seveial States. The j
constitution wisely provider that the voters for the moit ■
numerous branch oUhe Legislatures in the several States j
shall vote for membeis of the House of llepiesentativots ■, j
and, as the membeis of tins body aie chosen by tne Leiris- \
latures of the States, and the presidential electors eithei by J
the Legislature.-, oi voters m the several States,,ii lollows, ,
as I have stated, that the action of the Ceneial Govern- '
meiit either directly oi mdnectly under the control of the
voters m the seveial States. iVow, admit that a state may ,
confer thought ofvotmg n all aliens, and it wdl follow, as ,
a neeevary consequence, that we might have among our j
constituents peii-ons who have not the right to claim the ■
piofecuon of the Govei iiinent, or to piesenta petition to it." (
This, to my mmd, is conclusive; it is an argu- 1
ment binding with such force on my judgment, ■
that I never can yield the principle. .But Mr. Cal-
houn went further m discussing this question, and ■
I beg thaf I may be allowed to quote further from j
him, becausc surely ] think that his arguments :
will have more force and more effect, when fairly ;
put before the country, and fairly understood by ,
the Senate, than anything I can say, or anything
that I can offer. 7 gladly accept his pi maples and '
his doctrines as a text, and 1 am willing to ab'de
by them. They are so entirely m accordance with
the views, prinoiph-s, and doctrines of theperty 1 1
am representing here, that I am rejoiced to find ]
that I have so able an advocate for the humble 1
views that I am submitting to the Senate. In .
speaking of the object, whicJi the framets of the '
Constitution had in conferring tins power, Mr. ■
Calhoun said:
"In eonfen ing thi= power the framcrs of th i constitution
mi^t have had two objects m view: one to pievent com-
petition between the States m holding out inducements lor
the emigration oftoieigijeis; and the othei, to prevent their
improper influence over the Genetal Government, through
such ritatcs as lunrht naiuiahze foreigners, and could eonier
on them the light ot excicismg the ele-tive fiawhise. bei'oi e
they could be sufficiently miormed oi the natnie of our in-
stitutions or weie interested in Hum pieseivanon."
That, sir, is the great principle on which I :
stand. It is in defense of that ugh I that my own 1
pcuty has in its platform laid down the doctiine j
that aliens not naturalized shall riot exercise the I
rights of American freemen. There is a wide i
difference between privileges granted and rights
claimed. I am ouly contending against the light •
of a State to confer that power which has a direct j
control not only over tne legislation m these Halls j
but that has a power to control the presidential '
election itselt. 1 hope I may be permitted, in il- j
lustration of this view, to quote still fuither from j
Mr. Calhoun; j
'• [loth of these objects would be defeated, if the States j
may cont'd on aliens lue ughtof\otmg and the otbei pnv- j
doges belonging to citizens. On that ^opposition, it would :
be almost uiipos: ible to eur.eriv* what good uuild Ihj ob-
tained, or e\il prevented, by contemng tli«i power on Cou-
gies-i. The power would be perl.-eiiy nug.uory. A State
might hold out every improper inducement to emigration, I
a^ freely as if ihe power did not exist; and might conferon I
; the alien all the political ptiviieges belonging to a native- |
: born citizen ; notoniy to thcgreai injury of the yovermnent i
of the State, hut roan imptopei control ovei the Govern- I
ment of the Union. To illustrate what I have said : sup- i
pose the dominant pmty m New York, finding political j
: power about to depart from them, should, to maintain their j
ascendency, extend the right of suffrage to the thousands
of aliens of every language, and from every portion of the
; woild, that annually pour nno our gieat empouum* how
: deeply might the de«tiny of the whole Union be affected by
. such a measure, ft might, in fact, p'aee the contiol over
the General Government in the hand* of tho=e who know
i nothing of our institution"?, and aie indifferent as to the
; uiteiests of the countiy. New Yoik give-; about one sivth
! of the eleetoia! votes in the choice of President and Vice
i President; and it is well known that her political institu-
; tions keep the State Dearly equally divided inmuvo great
political parties. The addition of a few thousand vote-,
: either way, might turn the scale, and the electors might, in
\ fact, owe their election, on Ihe supposition. to the votes of
I unnaturalized foreigner*. The presidential election miqht
i depend on the electoral vote of the State, and a President
| be chosen m reality by them ; that is. thev might give us a
! king."
Mr. President, I think there is a clear illustra-
tion of the dangers that are likely to result to this
Government from this lax administration of this
power. I think, if the political equilibrium of
this Government is to be maintained, it is only
to be maintained by enforcing the guarantees of
the Constitution, which was a compromise made
between the States of the North and the States
of the South, for the protection of those rights
which are now so grossly assailed and so greatly
invaded. I do not desire to prolong this debate
any further. I rose simply for the purpose of
explaining the reasons why I shall give my vote
against the admission of Minnesota.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before the
Senator from Alaryland closes, in order to under-
stand rightly a very important question involved
in Ids argument, I wish to propound an inquiry
to him. The Congress of the United States, having
the power, und'T the Constitution, pass a uniform
rule of naturalization. Do I understand him as
contending that when a man has been madeacit- j
lzen of the United States by the naturalization i
law of Congress, any State into which lie may
emigrate is compelled to allow him to vote?
Mr. KENNEDY. If I understand the gentle-
man, [ have no hesitation in answering Ins ques-
tion. If a man has boon naturalized m conformity
with the law of Congress, he clearly has the right
then to vote m any State.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then any
State into which he goes is compelled to let him
vote.
Mr. KENNEDY. In conformity always with
i the municipal laws of the State; but he must be
a citizen of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. lias not each
State the power to fix the qualifications of its
voters? Has it not a right to impose any prohi-
bition it pleases? Some of the States of this Con-
federacy have required a man to be a property-
holder before he could exercise the elective fran-
chise. If a State cannot permit a man to vote
| until he is a citizen, is not the converse of the
: proposition equally true—that, when he is a citi-
, zon, no State can prevent him from voting? I
■ say this, not for the purpose of confusing the
Senator, or interfering with his argument, but in
order to be instructed and informed on this sub-
ject; for I desire to understand his views. If it
be true that, when an individual is once made a
citizen of the United States, any State into which
h<> goes is compelled to allow him to vote, what
will be the consequence of such a principle? A
; free negro coming here from Africa could be nat-
urahzed, if your laws allowed it. As the natu-
i rahzation laws now stand, none but white per-
' spns can be naturalized; but suppose those laws
should be amended by striking out the word
" white:" could you not make every negro who
should emigrate ft om Africa to the United States
a citizen? and, on being made a citizen, would
not the southern States, according to this doctrine,
be compelled to let him vote? What would be-
come of southern rights and interests under such
a system? Free negro emigrants from Ainca,
being naturalized, might flood the southern States.
Mr. KENNEDY. If the gentleman will olhnv
me to go on, I shall come directly to that point.
It is to protect the rights of the southern States
that 1 take the posiMon which I have ammuneed.
I say a majority of the people of this country,
through their St.ito action, should nor h iv novvr
to dircct and control the legislation of Congress
by violating the naturalization laws of the coun-
try. The distinguished gentleman from whose
speech I have quoted, and whose argument is
complete on this subject, says on the very point
upon which the Senator has put the interrogatory:
^ " Cut, to pass to the question immediately before us.
This, as I have stated, does not involve the question whether
a State can matte an aiien a citizen; but whether Congress
has a right to proscubc the qualifications to be possessed
by those who shall vote for member* of a convention to
form a constitution for Michigan? Reason and precedent
concur thatCougie^s has the light. Ithas,us 1 have stated,
been exercised in every similar case. If the right does not
exi<t in Congress, it exists nowheie. A Teintory. until it
b"cumes a State, is a dependent community,and possesses
no political riqlits but what arc derived f«om the community
on which it depends. Who shall or Miall not exercise po-
litical power ? and whauhall be the qualifications possessed
by them? and how shall they be appointed ? are all ques-
tions to be determined by the paramount community ; and,
in the case under consideration, to lie determined by Con-
giess, which has the nghu unci'ei the Constitution, to pre-
scribe all nece^aiv rules forthe govcrnmeutof thcTeimo-
ries. not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution.
Th is veiy bill, in fact, admits the richt. It prescribes that the
people of Michigan fchail \ oie (or the convention to form her
constitution on becoming a State. If it belongs to the Territo-
ry of Michigan (she is riot} ct a State) to determine who shall
vote tor the membeis ot the convention, this attempt on our
: pait to designate who .shall be the voters would bean uncon-
I stmuional interference with hernght,andoughttoheobjec-
j ted to, as such, by thoseopposed to our views. Butif,onthe
[ other hand, the view I take be coiiect, that the right be-
: longs to Congiess, and not to the Teintory, the loose, vague,
1 and indefinite inannei in which the voters are described in
1 the bill alioids a decisue iea<on for its recommitment. I
a-k, who aie the people of Michigan ? Taken in the ordi-
nal y sense, it means everybody, of every age, of every sex,
of every complexion, winf, black, or red, aliens as well as
citizens. Kegatded m thishght. to pass this hill would sane-"
non ihe pnnciple that Coiigre-^ may authorize an alien to
vote, or comet that high privilege on the runaway slaves
fiorn Kentucky, Vugima, or elsewhere ; and thus elevate
them M t!u- dmmtv of nn/.on^, enioymg under the Consti-
tution all the ti£lu« and pi tv-leges m the States of the Union
which appertain to citizenship.^
Again, he said:
" My coHea'rue moists that to deny the right for which he
contends would be to confer on Congie^s the light of pre-
Keubmg whos-hould or should not be entitled to vote in the
.State, and eveicise the othei privileges belonging to citi-
zens ; and poitrayed in strong language the dangers to the
lights of the States from *uch authority. If his views are
conect m this respect, flic dancer would indeed be immi-
nent; hut I eannotconcur m theireoirecttiess. Under the
view winch I have taken, the authority of Congress is lim-
ited to the simple point of pacing uniform laws of natural-
ization, or, as I have shown, simply to remove alienage.
To this extent il may clearly go, under the Constitution ;
and it is no les* clear that it cannot go an ineh beyond,
without palpably tianseending ns powers and violating the
Constitution."
That is the only principle I have stated. It is
to confine the risrht to vote to persons who have
the rights of citizens, not only in one State, but
over the whole land. It is to prevent an aggrega-
tion uf power in a class of people who cannot claim
the protection of this Government, who have no
right to petition Congress for a redress of griev-
ances. 11 is to prevent the minority of the people
of these States from being overcome by a power
of this character, aggregated for the purpose of
mere sectional advantage. It is so directly in con-
flict with all the principles that! believe to be es-
sential for the permanency of a free Government
like ours; it is so directly inimical to the perma-
nency of the principles of the Constitution itself,
and to the enforcement of the guarantees of the
Constitution, that I have thought proper to op-
pose it, and for these reasons I have entered my
protest. T place my protest upon the record. I
cannot recognize the principle either in a Terri-
tory or in a State, for the reasons I have quoted,
of allowing aliens, not citizens, not entitled to the
protection of the Government, not entitled to the
right of petitioning this Congress for redress of
grievances, to control me, or to control my State,
and to break up that equality by which alone this
Union can be preserved. For these reasons I
shall vote against tho admission of Minnesota
with her present constitution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is not my
object to consume the timo of ;he Senate," or to de-
lay the passage of the b'H; but there is one point
which has been swrgfstcd on which 1 have pretty
well made up my mind, and if I am in error, I
desire to be corieetud. It is due in sincerity to
the {Senator from Maryland, that I should enter
my protest against the doctrine enunciated by
him on this occasion. J have no doubt about his
sincerity and the correctness of his purpose in
the great objects which he wishes to accomplish;
but I think if tSie doclnnc he has announced be
sanctioned and obtain an ascendency in this Gov-
