454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Shaw.
Ho. of Reps.
constitution, then recently made and published,
was said to contain, not only the principle of alien
suffrage, but of suffrage to free negroes; and that
constitution, thus authorized, would entitle Kan-
sas to admission into the Union. That was the
argument I made; and my colleague, unable to
nieet it, has only sought to pervert it.
But the gentleman says 1 accused him of taking
the position that if the Lecompton constitution
should be voted down, the people of Kansas \vould
seize upon eighty millions of the public lands. Is
there anything of that kind to be found in my
speech ? Ifso, I call upon the gentleman to bring
it forward and present it to the House and the
country. Did I say any such tiling? 1 said
nothing of the kind; and I think my colleague must
know that that was not what I said. Hi: knows,
if he has carefully read my speech, which he has
in his possession, I said that in the Lecomption
constitution there was ample and sufficient guar-
antee to secure to the several States their interest
in the public domain lying within the borders
of Kansas; and that, if the people of Kansas came
in under that constitution, the lights of all the
States—North Carolina us wellas there&t—would
be amply secured. I said that if my colleague
should succeed in voting down that constitution,
if he should succeed in passing the bill he was ad-
vocating, he would place it in the power of the people
of Kansas to seize upon and appropriate to then-
own use every single acre of the public domain
within their borders. How did I piove it? 13y
showing that if the people should vote down the
Lecompton constitution, they would be author-
ized by the Crittenden bill to frame another con-
stitution; and without any terms or conditions
precedent in regard to the public domain, or any-
thing else, they were to be inducted into the Union
by the mere ipse dixit of the President of the Uni-
ted States, vnd then; would be no remedy to us
if they should a.ssert then right to the public land:>,
even to every acie within their limit??.
The gentleman, m his speech, quotes an ex-
tract fiom a letter of Senator Davis, of Missis-
sippi, written on 14th May, 1858, to sustain his
position. In doing so, however, he utti ibutes to
him language which is not to be found in the ex-
tract which my colleague quotes. Nor is it to be
found in any other portion of that letter, lie says
that Colonel Davis* lays down the ptinuple that
the "condition piecedcnt" must be contained id
the " act of admission." This is an unauthorized
amendment to Colonel Davis's letter, made by my
colleague for a purpose which must be obvious to
every one—it was absolutely necessary to make
out lus case. 1 Lere, sir, is the extract which my
colleague quotes and adopts:
The consequence ol mini itunjj a State without a recog-
nition pH'CM'drnt ot the nylit-. of the United Suite; to tin:
public domain,,ire, in my opinion, tlie uanslei ol ilie iisem!
with the emuii'iit domain, to the people ot the State liuih
admitted, wnliout n^eivation.
As you will see, Colonel D\ms dors not may
that the <c condition precedent" must he in the
" act of admission." He says no such thing.
But my colleague demands, with an air of tri-
umph, what safeguard there is in the Senate bill
for the admission of Kansas, for the security of
the public domain in that Territory, which the
Crittenden bill does not also contain? and in this
conncction, and with a flourish of trumpets, he
quotes a clause from the Crittenden bill, and with
an air of complacency adds, " 1 bhall append to
my speech the Minnesota bill, which contains no
such guarantee and no security whatever/' Now,
sir, if my colleague was able to meet the argu-
ment I made, why did he resort to the artful
dodge of drawing his parallel between the Senate
bill and the Crittenden bill, or the Minnesota hill,
instead of meeting the point I distinctly made as
to the power he proposed to confer upon the peo-
ple of Kansas, to absorb and appropriate the pub-
lic lands in case they should chose to vote down
the Lecompton constitution, which was to be
submitted to them for ratification or rejection by
the Crittenden bill for which he voted ? and the
whole scope of his argument went to show that
if submitted to them, they would vote down that
constitution; his main objection to the admission
of Kansas, under the Lecompton constitution,
being that it was not the will and the voice of the
people of that Territory.
Now, sir, strange as h may seem, my colleague
in his desire to sustain his unfounded charge
against me, that I had surrendered the rights of the
United States to this public domain, by my vote
for the Minnesota bill, which he voted against—
adopts the very principle which I asserted in my
speech of the 2Uth April, by which I showed,
that by conferring upon the people of Kansas, as
he proposed to do by his vote for the Crittenden
bill, the right to frame a new constitution and
be admitted into the Confederacy by the procla-
mation of the President, without any condition
precedent to secure the right of the Government
to the public lands in Kansas — my colleague
has clinched the argument I made against him on
that point. 1 iepeat,l undertook to prove, and
did prove, to my own satisfaction, at least, that
the people of Kansas would have been enabled,
had my colleague succeeded in his effort to defeat
the Lecompton constitution and carry through
the Crittenden bill, to seize upon every acre of the
public lands in that Territory; and my logical
and sagacious colleague has fully sustained my
point by adopting the very principle upon which
1 based the whole argument.
Now, in reference to the charge that I voted for
the bill to admit Minnesota, which, lie says, does
not contain one word by which the Government
is secured in the public lands. Has my colleague
put this case fairly ? Has he sustained the grave
charge he makes against me,of havirigabandoned
the lights and surrendered the interests of North
Carolina in the public lands in Minnesota? Sir,
has he told the whole truth in the matter? In his
schoolboy days, my colleague learned the Latin
maxim, "suppressio veri"— but, sir, 1 have said 1
will not bandy epithets with my colleague, and I
will not finish the sentence. 1 will recall what I
have said. My colleague may not have read the
" enabling act," by which the last Congress au-
thorized Minnesota to form a Stale constitution
piepaiatoi y to her admission into the Union; he
may have voted against her admission without
'having informed himself of the facls in tlx; case.
Now, sir, I shall quote the proviso contained in the
fifth clause of the fifth section of the enabling act,
by which ample secunty was made for the rights
of the Government m the public domain. Here
is the proviso:
u Provided, The foregoing propositions herein offered aie
on the condition that the said convention which &hul! form
the «. oiu-fitutjon of said State, shall provide by a clause m
him! constitution, or an oulinancc, mevocable without the
consent ol the United States, that said State shall never m-
t<MI'de wiih the pumary disposal ol' the soil within the
•^une by the United States, 01 with anv lobulations Con-
nu\ find neeosNiiy torseeurinirthe title in said soil to
hunn jiOti pmeha^cis theieof, and that no tax shall be im-
posed" on land*, belonging to the United States and that m
no ease shall rion leMdent proprietor-^ be taxed lughei than
residents."
And here I am reminded by the chairman of
the Committee on Tenitories (Mr. Sixpiir.xs]
that the constitution of Minnesota ratified and
confirmed this land provision 1 quote here the
third section of the second article of that constitu-
tion :
" The piopo^itions contained in the act of Congie^s en-
titled ' An act to authorize the people of the Terntory of
Minnesota to form a constitution and State government
pivparatoiv to their ndmi-^ion into the Union on an equal
looting with the onginal States,' are hereby accepted, lati-
iied, and contained, and shall remain nrcvocable without
the consent of the United States ; and it in hereby ouUmcri
that this State  hall never mterteie with the pumary dis-
posal of the soil within the -same, by the United States, or
with any regulations Congiess nuw find necessary fot se-
eming the title to (-aid .-oil to l>ortn fulc pmeha<ei-< th i eof;
and no tax shall be impo->ed on lands belonging to the Uni-
ted States, and in no ca-<* shall non-resident pioprietors be
taxed inghei than leMdeht-s.'"'
Now, I submit to you and the committee, I
submit to the people of North Cmolina, whether
there is the smallest degree of fairness or justice
in the gentleman's charge against me as to this
matter.
Another charge alleged against me by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina is, that I had done
him the injustice to place his opposition to the ad-
mission of Ivansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution, upon the ground that she would thereby
be admitted as a slave State. Is there any such
charge in my speech? My colleague cannotshow
it. I made no such charge. 1 said:
'•'lie bases hi* oppo?:tum to the .admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton eoivouunon. in otner words, to her
admission as a slave State, upon thiee points of objection :
ftrt.t, that the Green amendment affirms the right of a ma-
jority of the people to change the constitution at any time
they please ; and that, by the esiahlishment of that princi-
ple, slavery may be excluded whenever a rnajoiity of the
people choose; second, that the population of Kansas is not
sufficient to entitle her to admission ; and, third, that th'e
constitution framed at Lecompton is not the will of the
people of that Teiritory "
Now, sir, is that charging him with opposition
to the admission of Kansas, because she would
come in "as a slave State?'5 My charge against
him was that while 1 i Kansas was as much a slave
State as Georgia or South Carolina, under the Le-
compton constitution," by voting down that con-
stitution, and enabling the people of Kansas to
frame another, if the opinion he gave as to the
will of the majority in thatTerntory was correct,
slavery would be abolished, and she would be-
come a free State. I shall not sto'p here to make
an argument upon this point. Everybody knows
that the seventh article of her constitution estab-
lished slaveiy by evety guarantee that could be
thrown around that institution. It was opposed
by the Black Republican party upon thatground.
The Piesident announced the fact in his special
message, that Kansas was as much a slave State
as Georgia or South Carolina, and my colleague
labored throughout his whole speech to prove
that the people of Kansas would vote down the
Lecompton constitution if we submitted it to them,
and would, as certainly, frame a free-State con-
stitution in its stead.
But, sir, my colleague says he was unwilling
to bring Kansas into the Union by unfair means;
he would not countenance the " shuffling" by
which an '• unnat id al emigration" was forced into
Kansas; he would not force upon an unwilling
people a constitution which they were opposed to.
Yes, Kir, my colleague had such an abhorrence
for the "shuflhng which had been witnessed in
Kansas;" he was so much opposed to that sort of
shuflhng by which an unnatural emigration had
been forced into that Territory, he waa so honest,
so fair, and so just, ho felt constrained to vote
against a constitution which made Kansas a slave
State, and which had come to us sanctioned by all
the forms and icquirements of law; and, at the
same time, to use every effort in his power to en-
able those "shufflers" and Free-Soilers, who had
been brought into Kansas by an " unnatural em-
igration," to frame a new constitution, by which
all the South hail gained, in the long struggle in
Kansas, would have been lost.
And why did he do that? Because the gentle-
man was too fair, too just, and too honest tofoico
upon a reluctant people a constitution which was
not their will and their choice. Because that con-
stitution had not been submitted to the people of
Kansas for their ratification or rejection. That was
the chief ground of objection which justified my
colleague (in his own estimation) in putting himself
m opposition to the whole body of southern Dem-
oi rats iu th^'Senate and in the House, supported
by a majority of northern Democratic members
and Senators, and by one half the members of his
own party fiom the South; because the people
of Kansas had not had an opportunity of voting
at the polls for the ratification or rejection of that
constitution. When, let me ask my colleague,
did this new light dawn upon him ? When did he
find out that justice and honesty and fair dealing
to the people of Kansas required that the Lecomp-
ton constitution should be submitted to them for
latification or rejection ? Sir, I say that he had
not made that notable discovery when he received
the votes of the people of North Carolina which
secured to him the seat which he occupies upon
this floor.
During his canvass he proclaimed everywhere
to the people of the fifth congressional district of
North Carolina, that President Buchanan was
unworthy the confidence of the southern people,
because (as he said) he had instructed Governor
Walker to see that the constitution of Kansas was
submitted to a vote of the people of that Territory.
He declared that, if the Lecompton constitution
was submitted to the people of Kansas for ratifi-
cation or rejection, the last hope of the southern
people for the admission of a slave State north of
36° 30' would be gone forever. I say, when did
my colleague make this extraordinary discovery ?
As late as the day when Judge Douglas made
his speech, in Decemberlast, my colleague had
not received this new light! So far from it, he
