1858
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Shaw.
Ho. of Reps.
did not hesitate to say that, he was in favor of the
admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, without its being submitted to the peo-
ple. It was not until a still later period that he
made the discovery, and his conversion appears
to me almost as strange, as extraordinary as that
of'St. Paul.
When did that light beam upon him? T have
said it was not in December last; but, sir, when
the struggle came on, when the two parties were
arrayed against each other here—-the South for
Lecompton with slavery, on the one hand, and
my colleague, with his five southern coadjutors,
■with the whole Black Republican party, on the
other—then it was that this new light dawned
upon him. Then it was that my colleague turned
from us, in our hour of need, and went over to
the enemy, and cast his vote against us. But,
sir, after that vote had been cast, and the enemies
of the South weie rejoicing over the victory they
had achieved, an effort was made to raise a con-
ference committee, to see if some plan could be
agreed upon by which Kansas might be brought
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution,
and peace thereby restored to the country. My
colleague had admitted the urgent necessity of
settling the question and relieving the country of
the fearful excitement and the dangerous agitation
which had so long prevailed. How did he vote
then upon the motion to raise that committee?
Did he come forward in a spirit of conciliation
and compromise, and say to those with whom he
had differed, " I have not been able to agree with
you as to the Senate bill; but I see the necessity
of getting rid of this vexed question, and I will
vote for a conference committee, with the hope
that some plan may be agreed upon to which I
maybe able to give my support?" No, sir; no
such thing! When the two parties in this House
were arrayed against each other, nearly the entire
southern delegation on the one side, and the whole
body of Black Republicans upon the other, while
the question was in imminent doubt, my colleague
came forward and said, by his vote, " I will per-
mit no further effort to be made to settle this ques-
tion; here the matter shall stop." And, sir, had
it not been for the casting vote of the Speaker of
this House, my colleague would have been suc-
cessful; the Kansas question would still be open;
still a source of trouble and danger. But, sir, we
prevailed over my colleague and his coadjutors;
the conference committee was raised; and a bill
reported to this House which received the sup-
portof my colleague; and therefore stands a record
evidence against him on account ofhis vote against
the conference committee which framed it!
But my colleague says that I applied the phrase
" unparalleled outrage" to the position which he
occupied upon the Kansas question. What 1 said
was that the gentleman's position was injurious to
the rights of his .own section; and I proved it by
quoting against him authority which he could not
question—the Raleigh Register—which had de-
nounced the opposition to the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution as "ait
unparalleled outrage." Does my colleague deny
that the phrase was so applied by that journal?
I will here quote the article so that others may see
whether I was warranted in the assertion:
" The President establishes by undoubted pioof that the
constitution ot Lecompton was made aeooiding to the Con-
stitution and the laws, and tins benu? the case, what earthly
jiicnextwill Congress have for even he&uatmg about accept-
in? it, and admitting Kansas a? a Statu? What n«ht Uns
that body to look, byhmd alull comphanco with law, and say
t<> thu people of Kansas, jou ought to have done this or
that? The idea is patently and~egie^iou-dy alNuid. and
known to be so by the unscrupulous men who utmost. What
n a majority of the voters ot Kansas did not take part in the
lormatjon of the constitution? Who.-e fault \va«, that but
their own ? They had unlimited opportunities? to vote, and
V lor lactious and rebellious pu po?es they cho.-c not to e\-
'<rei?e their right of suffrage, aie tbev to lie allowed to take
ml vantage of their own laches, of their 0\vn wiorujJ
" Never was there a clearer ease submitted to the judg-
ment of intelligent men than tiii^ of Kansas ; and it her
eoiMitution, as submitted, shall be rejected, it will be an
unparalleled outrage, not on the South alone, but on the
eo.is.titution, the lawt, and common senf-e. It will wtab-
lit-h a principle which maybe earned out to the utter de-
stination of all popular government."
But the gentleman from North Carolina says
that the conference committee bill is substantially
the same as the Crittenden bill, and that I came
upon his platform when I voted for the former. I
tludl not now stop to discuss this question; the
facts have gone to the people of the country, and
they have all the information necessary to enable
them to come to a correct conclusion; and I doubt
not that they will render a just verdict. When
the gentleman tells me that the conference bill is
as great an outrage as the Crittenden bill, I will
say to him that I am supported by almost the en-
tire body of Representatives from the South, both
in the Senate and in the House; I am supported
by a majority of the conservative and patriotic
Democrats of the North in this House and in the
Senate. If I wanted other evidence to prove to
my mind that, in voting for that conference bill, I
was committing no outrage upon my own State
and upon my own section, it would be eno ugh, and
more than enough, for me to know that I voted in
direct opposition to every Black Republican in this
Hall and in the other branch of Congress.
If the conference bill was substantially the same
as that for which my colleague contended, why
did not Governor Crittenden and Governor Bell
have the sagacity to learn the same fact? Is the
mental vision of my colleague so much more acute
than thatof the two gentlemen from Kentucky and
the three gentlemen from Maryland,'in this House,
that they, too, could not see it? Yet, of all these
gentlemen of his own party, who set out against
us upon the ground that the bill which we voted
for did not submit the Lecompton constitution to
the people of Kansas, only one, and that my col-
league, could so far look into the merits of the
question as to see that the conference bill was pre-
cisely the thing he had been contending for.
1 have not time to notice all the points my col-
league made in his speech. I regret that 1 have
not. I must pass over other points to notice the
charge thathe makes, thatl persisted m represent-
ing that he received the congtatulations of the
senior member from Ohio, [Mr. Gidwings,] and
his Black Republican allies mi that side of the
House. At the conclusion of my speech of the
20th day of April, in indicating the fact that the
speech of the gentleman received the approbation*
and applause of the Black Republicans in this
Hall, i said that the senior member from Ohio
approached my colleague, and congratulated him.
I sawhim leaning towards my colleague, and, as I
thought, shaking both of his hands. He was con-
gratulated by a large body of J3la.ck Republicans
of this House. The gentleman is? surprised that
I should persist m making this charge. He need
not be surprised at all, lor 1 intend to prove it.
Why, sir, that strange and extraordinary spec- i
tacle which I witnessed on that occasion, and j
which was witnessed by a large portion of the j
members upon this side of the Hall, so wrought |
upon the patiiotie indignation of the gentleman }
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that he cried out |
to the senior member from Ohio to kiss my col- !
league. j
More than that, my friend from South Caro- I
lina [Mr. Milcs] having obtained the floor at j
the conclusion of my colleague's speech, the gen- 1
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] addressed
the Chair, and requested the gentleman from ;
South Carolina [Mr. Miles] to suspend his re- '
marks until the Black Republicans had finished
congratulating the gentleman from North Caro- .
lina, [Mr. Gilmer.] That will be found by any 1
gentleman who is curious enough to make the '
investigation in the official report of the proceed- |
ings of that day. !
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow j
me to say a word? !
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. No, sir. ;
My colleague declares that he received no con- !
gratulations from the senior member fiom Ohio !
such as I have described, nor any congratulations
of any kind. Ilere at least he is at issue with the i
former member from the third district of Ohio, j
(Mr. Campbell,) who distinctly admitted that he j
congratulated my colleague and took three or four ;
hundred of his speech, and was sorry he did not |
take more. ]
I suppose that every intelligent gentleman un- ;
derstands, notwithstanding the strenuous efforts i
that have been made to restrict arid limit this ,
question to the single fact as to whether the senior I
member from Ohio did shake hands with, and j
offer words of congratulation to, my colleague, (
tha.t the point, and the wsseutial point, made by i
me was, that my colleague's speech received the i
approval of the Black Republicans in this House
—that was the gravamen of the charge. Before I
conclude, I shall take occasion to call upon gen-
tlemen on this side of the Hall, whose atten-
tion was called to the " congratulating scene'* of
which I spoke, to state their recollection of the
affair, and 1 shall be content to leave it to them
to say whether my colleague did, or did not, re-
ceive the " congratulations of the senior member
from Ohio, and his Black Republican allies."
As to whether they manifested their approval
of my colleague speech, I have here a list of sub-
scribers to it; and if the committee will so far in-
dulge me, I beg leave to read the list, in order
that the country may know whether the state-
ment which I made as to the approval of that
speech by the Black Republican party is true.
Here is the list:
John A. Gilmer 5,000
II. Winter Davis 2,000
W. L. Underwood  500
H. Marshall  500
F. P. Blair  500
J. Morrison Hanis  500
Lewi*- 1). Campbell.,.. 400
Benjamin Stanton  300
J.B. Iticnud  200
F. E. Spinner  200
J.B. Ha&kin.......... 500
JohnCovode..   200
W.A.Howard  200
Robert Smith  200
E. B. Pottle  200
W. Montgomery  300
C. J. Gilman  200
F. II. Morse   200
Eh Thayer  200
S. (i. Andrews  200
Ezta Clark, jr 1,000
Charles Case  400
J.S.Morrill 200
S. S. Marshall 200
A. B. Olin 200
S. It.Curtis 100
James Wilson.. 100
Richard Mott 100
J. W. Sherman 100
S. O. Foster 100
David Kilgoro   .200
C. Bilhngburst 100
J. W. Morris 300
A. E. Roberts. 20ti
K. P. Walton 400
E.Joy Morns 300
II. E. Royec 100
G. A. Grow 200
S. M. Buiroughs 200
C. B. Hoard 200
J. M. Parker 100
John P. Hale 200
A. Burhngamo oOO
And to these may be added the name of the im-
maculate member from New York, [Mr. Matte-
i son,] who, out of his hard earnings, subscribed
for five hundred copies.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman also put in his speech the list of subscri-
bers to Senator Hammond's speech ?
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Everyone
understands why the gentleman and his allies cir-
culated Senator Hammond's speech. The gen-
tleman need not bring that up here, for I can tell
him that the people of North Carolina are not
quite so green as my colleague seems to think
many of them are. In his first speech he said he
was told by a friend that many of the people were
like a nest of young birds—" tap on the tree and
they will open their mouths and swallow the
worm." Let me tell the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that the birds of North Carolina are not
simple enough to open their mouths for any such
worm as that which he offers them.
Mr. COMINS. You have not read my name
there. Put it down for one thousand.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. What is the
gentleman's name?
Several Members. Comins, of Massachusetts.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Mr. Comins
takes one thousand copies. 1 hope the reporter
will put that down.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Has the gen-
tleman read all the names of the subscribers?
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Yes. Docs
the gentleman want to put his name down?
Mr. CLARK K COCHRANE. No, sir.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. If the edi-
tion of my colleague's first speech be exhausted,
the gentleman may be able to obtain some of his
last one, and I doubt not it will answer as useful
a purpose as the first.
Mr. MORGAN. I would say to the gentleman
fiom North Carolina that we on this side of the
House subscribed for more copies of Mr. Gar-
thell's speech. '
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I have failed
for want of time to notice all the points which my
collcaguc made in his speech. I do not, however,
deem it at all necessary or important. I would,
if I had time, state here what is the political char-
acter of each of the gentlemen who have sub-
scribed for my colleague's speech, in order that
every citizen of North Carolina, whether he be a
reading man or not, may know whether the state-
ment that I made as to my colleague's speech
rpceiving; the commendation of the Black Repub-
lican party of the country was true or not.
Havinef said thus much, Mr. Chairman, by
