1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
last rose onmotion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ritchie,] who, according to usage,
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. I do not desire to address the
committee. I yield the floor to any other gentle-
man who desires to occupy it.
No member sought the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. If no gentleman desires
to debate the bill, the Chair is ready to receive a
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I do not de-
sire to enter into another discussiQn of the de-
ficiency bill; but on Friday last, when this bill
was under consideration, there were some erro-
neous' statements made with respect to the cost
of the maintenance of the Army. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] made the mistake of
charging to the cost of the Army all of the ex-
penditures made under the direction of the War
Department. Since that time, sir, I have obtained
from the office of the Register of the Treasury a
statement of the actual cost for the support of the
Army for the last two fiscal years; but yesterday,
when I attempted to present that statement to the
committee, the gentleman from Illinois called me
to order. I have now sought the floor for the
purpose of giving the precise sums. The gentle-
man from Illinois spoke also of the expenses
of the Navy Department, and said that the ex-
penses of that Department had been swelled from
$9,000,000 to $19,000,000 within the few years last
past. The gentleman was equally unfortunate
in his statement in regard to that Department, be-
cause, under the head of the expenditures of the
Navy Department, all the amounts were charged
—as appears from the tabular statement to which
he referred—which were expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Navy, whether
expended for the support of the Navy or for the
transportation of the United States mails in mail
steamers, (for some of the contracts for that ser-
vice are made by the Secretary of the Navy,) and
for many other objects.
I have also a statement here of the expendi-
tures for the support of the Navy proper for the
last two fiscal years, furnished me by the Regis-
ter of the Treasury. The letter of the Register
of the Treasury, and those statements, are as fol-
lows:
trka<.nry dvp 4rtment, register's office,
April 3,38o8.
Sir: Tii compliance with your oral request of this date,
F herewith inclose htatcments showing the expenses of the
United States Navy and Army for the fiscal years ending
June 30,1856, and 1857.
S have the honor to be, very respectfully, \onr obedient
servant, P. BIGGER,
Renter.
lion. John S. Phelps, House of Representatives.
Statement showing the expense of mpportiag the United
States Kavy, during the years ending June 30, 1856, and
June 30, 1857.
Kavif. Marine Corps.
$7,024,43 $'4S8.SSi 28
".050,707 G8 503.610 93
Kj.()rni>es.
Yecireiiil mil Juno 30,1856.
Year ending June 30,1857.
$11.075.130 10 £990.yi
Statement showing the expenses of supporting the United
States Army during the year ending June 30, 1556, and
1857, including Army proper, Military Academy * arming
and equipment of the militia, armories, arsenals, 4 c.
Expenses. Amount.
Year ending June 30,18)6 $13.fw 7,5)9 01
Year ending June 30,1857,  13,&02,8S)O "6
§97.380.430 37
F. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, April 3, 1858.
If any gentleman will refur to the annual state-
ment of the receipts and expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, he will find that the expenditures for the
construction of military Loads, expendituies for
the construction of forts, for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, and for the settlement of pri-
vate claims directed to be paid by the Secretary
of War, are included ill the aggregate amount of
$19,000,000 expended by the Secretary of War.
And so with reference to the Navy.
One word more. The gentleman from Illinois
seemed to suppose that the statement which he
had of miscellaneous expenditures embraced the
miscellaneous expenditures made under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War and of the Secre-
tary of the Navy That is not so. It embraced
those miscellaneous appropriations which were
formerly included in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, and in private bills, which are to
be settled under the direction of other Depart-
ments than those of the Secretaries of War and
the Navy, and which were expended under the
direction of the President of the United States or
the Secretary of the Treasury. This, sir, is all I
desire to say.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Chairman, on Fri-
day last when this bill was up for consideration,
I was induced to make a statement in order to
correct an erroneous impression which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] seemed to
labor under in relation to the purchase of horses.
I find that I was myself led into some inaccura-
cies in the statement which I then made. I felt,
however, that it was due to the distinguished
head of the quartermaster's department that the
facts should be placed properly and correctly be-
fore the country. I took it upon myseif, there-
fore, to call upon him for certain information, but
on that occasion he was not present. I then ad-
dressed him a note, and he has returned an answer
in writing, which gives so fully that information
which is necessary to a proper understanding of
this subject, that I shall be obliged to you if you
will have it read. It contains a statement of the
basis of the action of that department, and the law
under which that action is justified. I ask that
the paper may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Q-uarti'umaster Gknkrai.'s Office,
Washington City, Jlpril 3, 185S.
Sir: In reply to your inquu ics of this morning m icla-
tion to the mannei of purchasing of hoises for the public
service, J have the honoi to state that it lias been the prac-
tice geneially heietofbre, to send officers of the quaiter-
mastei's department, or officers of the mounted corps, to
make the purchases ; but this can be done only where we
have money to pay for them. The heavy expendituies m
1857, as well before as aftei the close of the fiscal year on
the 30th of June, on account of the operations against Utah,
for which no appropriations had been made by Congress,
had left this luanch of the public service without funds by
the last of January of the present year.
On the 94th of December last, 1 had obtained the data on
which I was enabled to make an estimate for the deficien-
cies in the appiopriations for the piesenf fiscal yeai. That
estimate was made for the Army as it then wa«, without
allowing a cent for any inciease of the force for Utah; and
it amounted to $3,700,000. Early in January,! was informed
by the Secretary of War that an additional force of thnty-
hve bundled men would be sent to Utah, a* well a^ recunts
to fill the companies there, and he required an estimate of
the increased expense ; and as the estimate for deficiencies
had not been sent to Congress he returned it to mo, and
requested that I should include the whole in a single esti-
mate. I submitted the consolidated estimate on the Gth of
January, amounting to §6,700,000. On the 10th of January,
[ received fiom the headquai teis ot Lieutenant General
Scott a eneular dated the Utn, directing the movements
to be made.and the arrangements to be coined out, for the
reinfoicement and supply of the army operating in Utah.
The appropi iations being exhausted, I called the attention
of the Secretaiyof War verbally to the provisions ot the
mxUi section of an act of Congress. entitled " An act in ad-
dition to the seveial acts lor the establishment and regula-
tion of the Tiea^uiy, War, and Navy Depaitments,*' ap-
proved the 1st of May, 1820, which g.ves autnonty to the
Seeietaiy of War, when appropuations fad, lo make the
contracts necessary to cairy on the service. Perceiving no
movement in Confess in legard to the appropriation for
dc'icieimes, and feelmg m\>elf lespour-iUe tor the, efficient
perfot rn.mec of the duties of the depm tment confided to me,
connected with the service ordeied by the General-in-Chief,
I, on thellth of f'obiuaiy, addtessed the Secretniy ot War
a written communication asking his attention to the provis-
ions of the act above refeired to, an extract from winch is
inclosed.
On the 2d of Match, I was detailed as amembei of agen-
da! eouit-marnal duect^d to convene for the trial of an
ofneer at Cat lisle, on the 10th of that month. Before leav-
ing Washington for the court-mattial, I considered it alike
duo to myself and to the public service to invite the atten-
tion of the Seeietarv of War again to the act of Congress
befoie refenod to; and accotdingly I addressed him a writ-
ten communication on the 5th of Maieh, an extract fiom
which is inclosed.
I left on tiie 8th foi CaihsU-.to attend the court. During
mv absence the Secretary of War, acting, as i undeistand,
undei the authority conferred upon him by the act befoio
mt'imon.-"!. gave ordeis for the making of contracts for ttift
putcha.-e of "horses, mules, and giam. A contract has been
made under these ordeis bv Captain "Van Vhot, for fifteen
bundled horse-*. These ho^es aie to be inspected by eav-
aiiy officers, who have been sent to the proper points for
that pin pose. No other contracts have yet been reported
under the insti uelions given by the Secretary ot War.
That foi "ram has not been made, as the quarteintaster
at St. Louw repots tome, because there is a difference be-
tween Inm and the biddeis about tho.priee.
X believe myself that the Secietaiy of Wat wa« bound
either to authonze contracts for that which was necessary
to the service, or to abandon the operations acamst Utah.
I have the honor to be, jour obedient servant,^
TH. S. JKSUP,
Quai termastcr General.
Hon. W. L. Underwood, House of Representatives. Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish now to have read
the general circular from the Lieutenant General
of the United States to the quartermaster's de-
partment, which constitutes the basis of the esti<-
mates for the Utah expedition.
The circular was read, as foliows:
[ Circular.]
Headquarters of the Army,
January 11* 1858.
The General-in-Chief with the sanction of the War De-
partment, issues the following instructions, to be promptly
executed by the chiefs of the respective staff departments,
in connection with General Orders No. 1. of the 8th instant:
1. According to said order, the troops to be put in march
this spring to reinforce the army of Utah, from Fort Lea-
venworth, &c., filled up to the maximum standard, will be,
as follows:
Officers. Men. Aggregate.
First cavalry . 35 855 890
Two companies second dragoons.. 6 170 176
Two light companies second artil-
lery  8 172 180
Sixth infantry, (seven companies).. So 592 617
Sixth infantry, (one company at Fort
Kearny)  3 84 \ 87
Sixth infantiy, (two companies at
Fort Laramie)  6 168 174
Seventh infantry, (eight companies) 28 676 704
Seventh infantry, (two companies at
Fort Laramie)  6 168 174
Staff officers  16 ... 16
Total .133 2,885 3,018
2. The force nowin Utah under Colonel Johnston, (eight
companies second dragoons,fifth and tenth infantry, Phelps's
light battery fourth artillery, and Reno's heavy battery.) if
up to the maximum standard, would amount to one hun-
dred and eighteen officers, two thousand four hundred and
seventy men ; two thousand five hundied and eighty-eight
ag<r>egate. It is estimated that these troops require eight
hundied and fifty recruits, which numberwill be putat Fort
Leavenworth to accompany the reinforcement, with forty-
four oihceis.
3. The entire force to be provided for on the march is one
hundred and seventy-seven officers, three thousand seven
hundred and thirty-five men ; aggregate three thousand nine
hundred and twelve. The whole army of Utah (reinforce-
ment included) to be supplied with subsistence, is two hun-
died and fifty-one officers, live thousand three hundred and
fifty-five men ; five thousand six hundred and six aggregate.
4 All deposable recruit4! will be put in march for Fort
Leavenworth as early in the spring as practicable. The
number lequired for the seventh infantry can be sent to Jef-
ferson Barncks from the nearer icndezvous.
f>. The troops to march from the points indicated must
be supplied with three months'subsistence for consumption
on the loute, and one yeaisupply for the entire aimv of
Utah will be sent with them. A reserve supply of eight
months to be thrown forward to Foit Laramie before the
setting in of winter. Three days' bacon and four days'
fieah beef in the week will be issued. Beef cattle to be sent
on the hoof In addition to the ordinary ration, there will
be allowed two extia iations per week of tea and sugar, and
; two of desiccated vegetables.
j 6. The eight companies seventh infantry will halt at Jef-
I feison Banacks only a sufficient time to receive recruits
, and equipments, and then proceed to Foit Leavenworth
' for transportation and subsistence.
j 7. A full complement of disbursing and medical officers
j will be immediately designated by the chiefs of the respect-
i ive depaitmeuts concerned; the senior in each case to be
j an officer of i ank and experience, and also an officer of ord-
[ nance and two of topographical engineer.
i 8. Besides the necessary trains and supplies, the quar-
j teimaster's dcpaitment will proeme fifty tents of Sibley's
I pattern, also such number of storage tents as may be neces-
; saiv.
i 9". The surgeon general will provide the necessary med-
I ical supplies.
10. The colonel of ordnance will furnish such oidnance
stores, including tiavehng forges, as may be necessary.
11. The fii&t cavalry and the two companies second dra-
goons in Kan«iis will be supplied with horses and equip-
ments for the full oiganizauon.
1 y. Requisitions for transportation will be made as early
as possible, to enable the quartermaster general to comply
therewith in season.
Bv command of Brevet Lieutenant General Scott.
' L. THOMAS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Quartermaster General.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire also to have read
extracts from communications from the Quarter-
master General's department to the War Depart-
ment.
They were read, as follows:
UUAR.TEUMA.STER (il-'NER *.L5S OFFICE,
Washington, February 17, 1858.
Siit: It is time that all the airai><rement3 of the Cluarter-
mastci >= depaiiment were beimr made for%the operations in
Utah already ordered; but the"appropriations, as you are
aware, are entuely exhausted, and nothing can be done
either in the procurement of supplies, of the means of
transportation, oi of cavalry and aitillcry herses, unless an
appiopnation bo speedily made bv Congress, oi the Seere-
raty of Wai o.verei^ the authority vested in him by the
sixth section oi an act of Congress entitled "An act in ad-
dition to tlie seveidi acts for the establishment and regula-
tion of the Treasury, War, and Navy Departments," ap-
proved the l«t of May. 1820, which authorized contiacts to
he made without appropriations for their fulfillment, for the
subsistence and clothing of the Army, and for the Quarter-
master's department.
