1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
HoniiMj that the necessary appropriations would be made,
I have delayed asking your attention to the act above re-
ferred to tiom day to day, and week to week, until it would
perhaps be jeopardizing the best interests of the service to
delav longer. *******
TH. S. JESQP,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. john B. Floyd, Secretary of War, Washington.
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, March 5,1858.
g1R: * * * + The estimates now on my
table from tbe departments and posts throughout our territo-
ry, extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and fiom the
Kennebeck and Puget's Sound toFlorida Point and Arizo-
na, includingthe drafts bsforc mentioned, exceed a million
" and a half of dollars.
If appropriations cannot he obtained in a very few days,
I most lespectfully. hut urgently, recommend that the power
vested m the Secretary of War, by the act of Congress of
the 1st of Mav, which authorizes eontiacts for the sub-
sistence and clothing ot the Auny, and for the auaitcr-
nmstet's department, without appropriations, be exercised.
Every hour's delay will add to the expendituie.
/ TH. S. JESUP,
Quartermaster General.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will now read a brief
extract of the law for the establishment of the
Departments:
"Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enrHeJ, That no contract
shall hereafter be made bv the Secreui v of Suae or of the
Treasury, or of the Depamnent of War or n{ the N,ivy,ex-
cept undei a law authorizing the same, or under an appio-
pnation adequate 10 iW InHillment; and excepting, aUo,
contracts for the Mib>Hteuotr and clothing of the Auny or
iVavv, and contivieu tiv the UuuUgrm.feter'd department,
which may be made by the Secretaires ol those Depait-
inents."
Mr. LOVE JOY. Is that the whole of the law ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is the whole of the
law bearing on that question; and the committee
will perceive from it that it became absolutely and
indispensably necessary, in order to ciury on the
operations of the Army against Utah, that the
power given to the Sei rotary of SVar, by this
sixth section, should be exercised. Theie was no
money whatever, subject to draft fur tin Re pur-
poses; and, as the Gtuartcrnuisfer (irneral says,
unless this power, delegated by the law to tile
Secretary of War, was exercao'd, the enieiprise
would n-'cessarily fail. Thus, yon perceive that
those officers of the Goveinment have faithfully
conformed to the law and disrhar°id their duty,
or, at all events, that no censure )u to be applied
to thein for their tenum. l(a\in« thus vindicated
them, anil conected my own statement, 1 have
nothing more 10 say.
Mr. RITCII1!'. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman fi om Missouri, [Mr. Piii'.lps,]
the gentleman fi om Virginia, [Mr. l a/raaiKn,] or
some other member of the Committee of Ways
and Means. 1 find in the bill, 111 the item appro-
priating $5,400,OOt), ptavisum made for clearing
roads and removing obstructions fiom roads, riv-
ers, and harboin, as may be required for the op-
erations of the Army. I desire to know whether
it is made clear what rivers and harbors this in-
fers to, and what amo,mt of this appropriation is
intended to be applied for that purpose?
Mr. PI I ELI'S. In reply to the inquiry sub-
mitted by tlu: gentleman from Wnnsylvatlia, I
have tins to say: it is not. designed by this ap-
propnaMon to make any permanent improvement
of any liver or of any harbor. Several yeais
since, in consequcnc: of tin; extensive acquisi-
tions of territory by this Government, and la con-
sequence of its occupation by troops necessary to
keep the Indians m subjection, it was lound ne-
cessary to employ in the Cluaiaei master's depart-
ment, and for the Government to become osvner
of, some small vessels; and it was found neces-
sary to deepen some streams so as to enable the
steamers to pass up and down in cn'ryinir supplies
to the posts. These are not designed as any per-
manent works of improvement, but as mere con-
tingencies incident to the transport of supplies.
fc!o far as military roads aie concerned, it is often-
times found Accessary, when the Army is march-
ing through a mountainous region beyond tne
verge of civilization, to employ a portion of the
Army in cutting down the roads and throwing
temporary bridges acioss the streams. And if
the soldiers of the United Slates aie employed in
labor of that sort for more than ten days at a time
they become entitled, under the laws of the United
States, to extra compensation therefor.
Mr. RITCHIE. I understand that: and my
question way simply to ascertain whether esti-
mates were submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means for this purpose; whether any spe-
cific amounts were named and set apart?
Mr. PHELPS. None, sir. It was to provide
for a mere contingency that may arise or may not
arise. This is not an appropriation merely to
cover expenditures already incurred, but also to
cover expenditures that may be incurred during
ihe rest of the fiscal year.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 find this difficulty here, that
the discretion ofthe Departmentisnotrestrained,
either as to the rivers and harbors to which this
appropriation may be applied, or as to the amount
to be applied to them. The matter is left entirely
to the discretion of the Department.
Mr. PHELPS. I would remark to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the language used
in this appropriation is the same as has been used
for the last six or eight years in the regular ap-
propriation bills for the support and maintenance
ofthe Army, under the head of" transportation
ofthe Army." And yet there has not been sub-
mitted at any time, to my knowledge, any esti-
mate for the improvement of a single river or
harbor, or the construction of a military road, to
be paid out of such appropriation for the trans-
portation of the Army. It is a contingency that
may arise or that may not arise. If the contin-
gency does not arise, no money will be expended;
if it does, only such amount as will be necessary
will be expended. If, for instance, one of the
boats owned by the Government of the United
States should be sent up the Kansas river—which
is sometimes navigable—and if the boat should
run aground, would it not be an act of wisdom
to employ men to deepen that point, so that the
boat should be extricated and got niton deeper
channel, and the expenses thereby taken out of
the appropriation for the transport of the Army ?
That is a case embraced in tins item.
Mr. RlTOnm. I merely desiied to refer to
the subject for the purpose of obtaining' infonna-
tion m reference to it. it seemed to me that to
em brace this particular item, in this ",enet a! for in,
in so large an appropriation, is placing too laige
a discretion in the officers of the Government.
They may carry these improvements to a gi eater
extent than the House or Congress intended.
That was all.
The Cii AIRMAN. If no other gentleman de-
sires to address the committee, the Chair will
receive a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If no other gen-
tleman desires to occupy the floor, I will occupy
the attention of the committee for a few minutes.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Nicnots,] on Friday last, in his remarks upon
tins bill, referred to the proceedings of a former
Congress.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to make an inquiry.
I wish to know if the gentleman fiorn Tennessee
has not abeady addressed the House upon the
subject of tins bill r
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio that, after the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] had completed
his remarks, no gentleman claimed the floor. The
Chair waited for a sufficient time, and announced
that he would receive a motion that the commit-
tee nsf. No other gentleman still claiming the
floor, the Chair awarded the floor to the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio, on that occasion, referred to the Con-
giessional Globe of the last session, and to the
discussion winch took place between myself and
the oreeept .Secretary of the Treasury.
Air. SEWARD. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has already occupied his thirty minutes in
debate. J was opposed to the order of the House
of yesterday; but that order says: "And no mem-
ber shall ocrupy more than thirty minutes in said
debate." Now, unless the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not a member of this House, he has no
ri"ht to speak under that rule.
"The CHAIRMAN. The order of the House
was designed to be prospective in its operation
only. The provision is, that no member shall
occupy more than thirty minutes in debate after
the passage of that resolution. The gentleman
from Tennessee occupied more than tiiirty>mui-
utes before the passage of the resolution, but not
since its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; f think the con-
I withdraw my ,
I move to strike
struction of the Chair is correct
question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.
out the third section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, is not in order in the present
stage of proceedings.
Mr: JONES, of Tennessee. I move, then, to
strike out §30,000 from the first clause for the con-
tingent expenses of the House, in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee indulge me a moment? I appeal to
this House to allow whatever members may wish
to say in anyway, in opposition to this bill, until
the time fixed for the termination of this debate.
It has been said that there are contracts covered
up in this bill, and that there are provisions in it
which are indefensible. Now, I trust that any
gentleman who has anything which he desires to
say, in regard to Lhe provisions of this bill, will
be heard until the time fixed for the termination
of this debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the rule
of the House is, that no member of the House
shall speak more than once upon any question ,
until every member desiring to speak shall have
spoken. Now, sir, befoie I commenced, I was
willing to yield to any gentleman who desired to
speak; but no gentleman claimed the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Tennessee, that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Seward] has withdrawn his
point of oider.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. Then, sir, I wish
j to call the attention of the House to the speech
1 of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] on
1 Friday last, in which he referred to the increased
pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix,
winch is subscribed for and taken by the Senate
and House of Representatives. He said:
"Mi Joke's, of Tennessee Do I umieistand the senile-
man to say that that piovt&ion, allowing one cent foi evciy
! In e pages beyond lit teen handled foi a short and tlnee thou-
sand lot a loiitf ion, went back and pioposed tin = addi-
tion I'm Collates^onal Globe* and Appendixes dehveied and
paid, brfote it wad pa^ed into law?
" All. Nichols. I do not mean to be understood as saying
nay sueli thing."
To that a note is appended at the foot of the
column in these words:
"Eironeoue. In fact, the effect of the amendment in-
doised by the gentleman from Tennes>ee was ictro.<pcctivc;
it carried the mci eased pay back to the commencement of
the Confess. licma; retio?puctivc, no dilioienco m tune
affects the pnneiple." *
Now, sir, that was a corrcction appended after
the speech was made in committee, and according
to my understanding of tins question, the correc-
tion itself is erroneous. In the first place, he
, says: " In iacf, the amendment was indorsed by
i the gentleman from Tennessee himself." i did
I not indorse it, but I merely, after u had become
I a law,and when a pioposition came from the Sen-
' ate to appropriate the money to meet the liability
created by that law, explained to the House what
1 it was.
' Mr SEWARD. 1 should like to know what
j tins past legislation has to do with the bill before
the House i
| Mr. .NICHOLS. I trust the gentleman from
| Tennessee will be allowed to proceed.
i The CM AIRMAN. The rule adopted yester-
j day requires the debate to be confined to the bill.
There is, however, an. item in the bill making an
appropilation for the reporters ...f the Globe; and
the Chair supposes the remuiksof the gentleman
from Tennessee arc peitinent to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. That has nothing to do with
the past, legislation of Congress,
i Mr. NICHOLS. I trust the gentleman from
| Tennessee will be aliowed to proceed.
| The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman from Ten*
| nessee will proceed m order.
] Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the Chair de-
! cide that I was out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not, as he
was not giving his attention particularly to the
gentleman's remarks at the time the point of order
was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the gentle-
man from Ohio addressed the committee on Fri-
day last, he intimated that the appropriation for
the Congressional Globe, to which he re.enea,
was retrospective in its operation. I think it did
not extend back of the session of Congiess t at
made it a law.
