1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Gilmer,
Ho. of Reps.
aside. Had it been written out no mention of the I
Green amendment would appear in it. Ifrwas a
substitute both for the Senate bill and for the
Crittenden-Montgomery bill. In his amendment,
I repeat, nothing would be said about the Green
amendment, suppose it written out. What was
the vote? Those who preferred the adjustment
of the difficulty by means of the Crittenden-
Montgomery amendment, and were opposed to
the Green amendment, to support the Q,uitman
amendment would have had to vote against their
own favorite bill, m order to have got at the Green
amendment. In my reply I asked why the mo-
tion was not made simply to strike out the Green
amendment from the Senate bill? To this no
answer is given. My colleague does not doubt,
no man doubts, if the amendment had been first
made to strike out the Green amendment from the
Senate bill, that motion would have been success-
ful. Then what would have been the next vote?
It would have been a vote deciding between the j
Crittenden-Montgomery bill on the one side, and j
the Senate bill, thus stripped of the Green amend- j
ment, upon the other side. When the gentleman' i
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] brought that :
fact to their attention, and asked that the previous i
question should be withdrawn, that this motion >
might first be made, so as to place all in their true 1
and proper position, why did not my colleague
and those of our southern friends who wanted the
stance, " no convention shall be called by the Le- j
gislaluret except by the concurring vote of two i
thirds of both Houses," &c This amendment, j
thus made—explained more fully by the debates— j
sustains, as I conceive, all the views I have ever j
maintained for the power of the people of North j
Carolina over their constitution. i
But how does any difference of opinion on this 1
sustain my colleague? Did I ever talk of sustain-
ing the doctrine that, in a new State, or in an old
State, a convention, called in one way or the other,
could fairly give the Legislature the power to make
a discrimination between property? I never did
at any time. I never maintained the doctrine that
a convention can justly give the Legislature power
to give security to one species of property in pre-
ference to another—never. All this, however, I
more fully explained before.
A word now about the eighty millions of public
lands. The fault which 1 found with my col-
league's speech was, that he stated that I \oted
against the necessary provisions to protect the
Government m her right in the public lands within
the confines of Kansas, without noticing the fact
that the same safeguards were contained m the
Crittenden-Montgomery bill that were in the Sen-
ate bill.
I understand my colleague now to say that he
was misunderstood ; that what he meant was, that
inasmuch as the people of Kansas might vote
down Lecompton, and proceed to form a new
Green amendment stricken out yield to him, that ....
the question might be submitted in that shape? j! constitution, and in the formation of this new
Nothing could be gained effectually inputting the jj constitution they might claim a right to these
motion in the shape in which it was put, and
everything could be gained by putting it in the !
simple, plain shape of striking out the Green !
amendment; and then the vote would have been
between the two propositions as I have stated. 1
But I desire to say no more upon that subject.
I understood the greater portion of the speech of j
my colleague, of the 20th of April, to be a de- !
fense of the doctrine contained in the executive j
Lecompton message. I directed my remarks to .
the doctrine contained in the message. In order
lands, that would be effectual against the title of
the United States
N ow, let me show how erroneous this position
is. All Congress can do is to put a proper safe- i
guard into the bill on which the State is to be j
admitted. Suppose, for instance, that Minnesota, I
or any other State having public lands within it, '
comes into the Union with proper provisions in !
the act of admission as to the rights of the United j
States in the public domain, and afterwards the j
people of that State should change their constitu- 1
that there should be no difficulty upon that ques- : tion and put in a clause declaring that all the pub
tion, I quoted the very identical doctrine m that i I lie lands within its borders should be the property
message with which I found fault and dissented 'j of the State: how would this affect the Govern-
frorri, and upon which the Green amendment
rested for explanation—the executive message <\
giving meaning, force, and effect, to this Green I
amendment. I have, as to this, not heard my col- , ]
league distinctly and really; I do not understand j
to-day whether he approves of that doctrine or ,|
not; though, if I have heard and understood him !j
correctly, he says he does not approve of that ;;
portion of the message. Then, I submit with j
great deference, that my colleague ought to have 1
let my argument on thc*.t subject pass with his ap- 11
proval, and himself argued somewhat against that ] j
doctrine of the President; and not have devoted j
himself so entirely toother matters in the speech
which I made, and matters foreign,and to which j
no allusion had been made by me.
One word now as to the vote which he said I \
gave m the Senate of North Carolina. 1 desire |
that what he quoted and stated as to the provis- >j
ions of the constitution of North Carolina shall |1
appear in his speech just as he spoke it here to- ij
day; because, when it shall be compared with the , man
constitution of North Carolina, there will be found, 1' Mr. GILMER,
i conceive, a very material difference between his
quotation and the constitution itself. We had a
convention to amend the constitution of North
Carolina, in 1835. It was called by an enabling
act, the people being first consulted. They de-
clared in favor of a convention, and delegates were
elected. Amendments were made by thatconven-
tion, and the people ratified their action.
In that convention the committee reported, in
substance, that no convention should be called,
except in the manner stated by my colleague. I
speak from memory. But according to the regis-
ter of the debates of the convention, complaints
were made of the phraseology of the draft of the
constitutional amendment first proposed, as to
calling a convention in the future. Whereupon
a very important amendment, materially chang-
ing the language as to the call of a convention,
was made—the first draft being, in substance,
" that no convention should be called, except by
the concurung vote oftwothirdsof both Houses.'5
The amendment made, this section renti in sub-
ment title? The position of my colleague is, if F
understand htm, that a subsequent alteration of
the State constitution could take away the title of
the United States to the public lands in that State,
when express provision against it is in the admit-
ting act—if the admission afterwards should be
by proclamation. But, sir, I presented the views
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Senator Da-
vis,] and quoted from his letter. My colleague
must admit that 1 quoted properly. It declaies,
in substance, that unless you provide m the act
of admission proper safeguards as to the title of
the United Stntes to the public lands in a State,
the General Government loses its control oyer
those public lands. But my colleague flies in-
stantly to something else to get out of that diffi-
culty; and says the remedy is contained in the
enabling act. I read the views and position of
the Senator from Mississippi, and showed that
they must be provided for.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Mr. Chair-
My colleague would not ex-
tend this courtesy to me, and I cannot yield.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I only wish
to interrupt my colleague to correct him in his
statement. The Senator from Mississippi did
not say that. He did not say the condition pre-
cedent must be contained in the act of admission.
He is so reported in my colleague's speech, but
he did not say that 
Mr. GILMER.. I cannot yield. My purpose
was to try my colleague by his own assumed rule,
and by the opinion of Senator Davis. I under-
stand my colleague now to say, that what he
meant by the remark in his opening speech, that
I had not been faithful against alien suffrage, con-
sisted in this: that the inhabitants or citizens of
Kansas might, under the Crittenden-Montgom-
ery bill, for which I voted, m case they voted
down the Lecompton constitution, make a new
one, in which they might tolerate alien suffrage.
Now let mc examine that position for a moment.
What more can Congress do to provide safeguards
against the exercise of the right of alien suffrage
than to guard against it in the act of admission ?
If the State afterwards sees proper to call a con-
vention and amend its constitution, the difficulty
which my colleague seems to labor under would
arise in every case.
I mention this to my,colleague to show how-
anxious he is to point out defects, and indulge in
fault-finding. "
* He says that, by quoting the letter'of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. DaVis,] I
clinch the argument on his position, and in nis
favor, on his vote to admit Minnesota without a
provision protecting the United States in her rights
to the public domain within the confines of that
new State. Very different, in truth, if there be
anything in his own position assumed against me.
i am free to admit that my great objection to
the admission of Minnesota was the alien univer-
sal suffrage which her constitution tolerates, and
which is not denied.
j My colleague is down upon me about my for-
mer views as to the admission of Kansas with
the Lecompton constitution; talks enigmatically,
and charges more than I recollect. I do not rec-
ollect about the canvass. I do not deny, how-
: ever, that previous to my coming' to Congress, I
: did entertain and express different views in rela-
tion to Kansas and Lecompton to those I formed
and acted upon after investigating and becoming
1 familiar with the whole facts. The time, I pre-
. sumo, is not material. 1 am free to admit, that
had I not become well satisfied that serious diffi-
culties would likely, inevitably, and ivithout gain
or benefit to my section, aii.^e to the peace and
' quiet of the Union, I would have been as ready
and as anxiousasany otherto admit Kansas with
the Lecompton constitution, unconditionally.
Rut I came here to confer, investigate, and to
legislate for the best interests of my country. I
! came here to give that vote which 1 thought would
! be best for the North, best for the South, best for
| the East, and best for the West; and when I had
made a full investigation of the subject so far as
I could, I found things very different and came
honestly to the conclusion, without any reference
to any section of this country, that a bill contain-
ing the provisions such as the bill I have.advo-
cated and sustained, was best calculated to quiet
the country finally and forever. I gave it my
heart, I gave it my hand, I gave it my cordial
and honest support.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Will my col-
league permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. GILMER. My colleague will recollect
how he answered me when I asked the same privi-
lege. I must ivply to him in the same way.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I would be
glad to know whether my colleague denies that
the submission of the Lecompton constitution to
the people was a question in the last canvass ? I
understood him to say that he took no position in
regard to that question. If the gentleman denies
what I have said, I am prepared to prove it. I
say this now, because it is not my purpose to
reply to him 
Mr. GILMER. My colleague will interrupt
me whether I will or not.
I admit that I was, with others at the South,
who believed that there was no necessity for a
submission of the Lecompton constitution to the
people, for that, I then believed that it was to be
submitted for the sole and improper purpose un-
fairly to get nd of slaveiy. Had such been the,
true state of things, and that Lecompton admitted
slaveiy, the question, no man would have more
readily stood up for the admission of Kansas un-
der the Lecompton constitution.
My colleague says that I had indicated my
anxiety to get rid of this question . Never did he
state a greater truth. I was anxious, and have
been anxious since the difficulty arose, that the
question might be got rid of without harm to the
peace and interests of the country, or the sacrifice
i of any principle. I presume that my colleague
! desired the same thing. I presume that all gen-
tlemen who voted honestly on this question here
;] desired and aimed at the same thing. And I re-
| peat here, that the course I have pursued on this
subject, whether southern men were with me or
|i against me, is an honest one. Inasmuch as our
| southern fnends have come, substantially,^ the
I! bill whitli was passed, upon my itlentical jftat-
