2520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
York, upon the invalid pension list, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the 4th
of December, 1855, to continue during his natural
life.
It appears from the report that the petitioner
was called into the service in the war of 1812, in
September, 1814, from Montgomery county, New
York, and marched to Sackett's Harbor, in New
York, where he was on duty, without shelter,
sleeping (if it all) upon the ground; sickness pre-
vailed in camp, and on the 1st of October, 1814,
he was taken sick of the prevailing camp disease
and was sent to the hospital, where he was at-
tended by two surgeons; his sickness settled into
a fever; his friends sent for him; with difficulty
carried him home on a bed; he was confined to his
bed eighteen months, the fever concentrating in
his left hip, causing great pain and contraction of
the muscles, resulting in almost the entire loss of
the use of the left leg; the disability continuing
from that time to the present, and of a npture in-
curable; that he is a farmer, a sober, temperate,
prudent man, and is clear from any charge of im-
prudence or exposure as the cause of the contin-
uation of his disability.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a lecommenda-
tion that it do pass.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 140) upon the
petition of the claimants of the brig General Arm-
strong.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that that
case be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that the report of the Court of Claims be
concurred in.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to amend that motion
by moving that the case be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs. *
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would inquire whether
it has not already been referred to some commit-
tee5
Air. CLAY. It has not been.
By unanimous consent the report was referred
to the Committee on Foreign AtfUirs.
BENJAMIN F. IIALL.
A bill (H. R. No. 244) for the relief of Uunja-
min F. Hall.
The bill and report were road.
Mr. MORGAN. I will state to the committee
that this claim has been sealed by the Depuit-
ment, and 1 have just received a diaft. for u.
The bill was hud aside to be reported to tlie
House, with a recommendation that i* b<> laid
xipon the table
A BAUDOUIN AND OTIirKS.
A bill (II. 11. No. 245) for the i< lief of A. ihiu-
douin and A. 0. Rubens,
Mr. JON IlS, of Tennessee, ol>je< ted ; hut. sub-
sequently withdi ew h is objt-.MHMi with th<-under-
standing that the yeau and nay* should be taken
in the House on the passage of the hill
The bill directs the Si>c,iotary of tip' Treasury
to pay, out of any moneys in the Troa-mty not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $2,000 to A.
tlaudouin and A. D. Robmts, in full compensation
for the damages sustained by them ausmg from
the sinking of a flat-boat of ice, at New Orleans,
by a steamboat m the vsetwee of the United
States.
The petition states thet the petitioners have, by
proper proof, sati^ii> d the rommitu-e that they
were, on the :21st of March, 1?4G, owners of a flat-
boat of ice, containing two hundred and twenty
Jons, which boat, loaded with ice, had on that
day been towed down to the landing in the first
municipality m the city of New Organs, set apart
to them by the wharfinger: that just before she
was properly fasiencd to the wharf, and whilst
their boat was tied to anoshei boat, tin- name of
which is not given in the proof, lint declared by
*he petitioners to be schooncr Commerce, Captain
Pierce, she was run into by the steamer Colonel
Harney, then m the service of the United .States,
and commanded by the officers of the Govern-
ment. The proof shows that the Colonel Harney
was under a heavy pressure of str.im; and that
the act was apparent! v the r< >ulr of great careless-
ness or wantonly misclue* ous, whereby the pe-
titioners lost the boat, winch w;^: .-'ink, md the
!■ o, valued q,t*>2,000; the woof m thM th< ie y,**
tvVo hundred and twenty ioat itv.a^
worth ten dollars per ton. Suit was brought in
the United States district court; and the evidence
on file, which makes this case, was taken contra-
dictorily with the United district attorney, and
would, between individuals, have given the plain-
tiffs a judgment for $2,000; but the case was dis-
missed upon an exception, which was, that the
Government could not be sued; whereupon the
parties appealed to Congress for redress; and, on
the 15th December, 1846, the case was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and leferred to the
same committee again on the 17th December,
1847; that on the 30th March, 1848, abiil was re-
ported to this House for $2,000, accompanied by
a report from Mr. Rockwell; that the report and
bill was leferri-d to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and recommended by
the committee to the House for passage, but was
not reached. The papers were again referred to
the Committee of Claims on the 23d of January,
1850; and on the 13th of February following, a
report was made from that committee by Mr.
Nelson, with a bill for the relief of the parties,
which leportand bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Wholeon the state of the Union, and
reported back with a recommendation that it do
pass the House; that the report of the committee
was not finally acted on. The bill went to the
Speaker's table, arid was not reached
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that tt do pass.
nancy d. hoi.kar.
A bill (II. R. No. 249") for the relief of Nancy
D. IIolka>\
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. This bill was
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims under a deception. The committee have
discovered facts whieh authorize thtm to ask the
i committee to report it back to the House, with a
recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
.J SON.
A bill (H. R. No. 252) for the relief of Mary
.leinison. deceased.
Tin* bill and report were read.
Mr. LKTCHER. 1 do not want to object to
this bill if it is right, but I do not think it is. I
1 understand that the parties named m this bill had
i some money coming to them upon a mortgage,
: and that they deposited evidence of that sum with
1 the Indian agent of the Government. If that be
1 the ease--if they chose to go and deposit money
■ with the Indian agent — if strikes me that the Gov-
ernment 14 under no more obligation to pay it than
1 am; and if ('on^res^over passed a bill to pay the
Mini, I flunk chey dfH wiong.
Mr. (iR E L.N W ()OD. The commit lee of which
I am a member hss a number ot tinv reported
in favor oi this bill. One ground on whit li they
jeported it was, that the Indians ha\e a right to
leiy upon the Government agent, appointed for
the transaction of their business. In addition to
that, Congress heretofore passed a bill to pay this
money, but the Government, in paying il,paid it
to the wrong party The committee thought that
inasmuch as the Government had oru>.nally ac-
knowledged its liability, and having made an ap-
propriation for it heretofore, which was [mid out
to a wrong party, the Government was, m good
laith, bound to pay the money to the parties en-
titled to it.
! Air. LETCHER. I do not hold to the doc-
; trine that if the Government has an asrent, and a
; party chooses to deposit money with him, we are
, liable to pay it. I must object to the bill.
! JOHN J. BULOW.
' A bill (II. R. No. 253) for the relief of the heirs
: of John J. liulow,ji., deceased.
The bill was lead.
• Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This bill
has been before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. It appears that the claim is for s'vhOOO; that
£20,000 of it was for crops destroyed by the ene-
my, and the remainder for other property which
this man lost, as sworn to by several witnesses.
Tiie bill proposes to reduce that remaining sum of
$63,475 down to $4'J,1 <5. I think if we are going
to pay a debt we ought to pay it according to the
testimony. 1fhe<-efore move to amend t he bill by
?•ikin'j; out*, J 75, "ami inserting " ^63,475."
. G LIELN WuOD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether his amendment would not allow
consequential damages in addition to the loss of
property ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir, it
allows exactly what was sworn to as items of ac-
count, and nothing more.
Mr. RUSSELL. I shall object to the bill if that
amendment is adopted.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Rather than
rob these persons entirely, I will withdraw the
amendment; but I think the bill does great wrong.
Mr. MORGAN. I would hke to know some-
thing more about this bill, and 1 object to it.
THOMAS PHENIX, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief of Thomas
Phenix, jr., late paymaster's clerk in the service
of the United States.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. There is a Senate bill lower
down on the Calendar which is precisely the
same as this. I ask that this bill be laid aside,
and the Senate bill taken up.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over, and Senate bill (No. 102) for the relief of
Thomas Phenix, jr., was taken up.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to pay Thomas Phenix, jr., during the time
he was acting as paymaster's clerk, three dollars
a day, deducting therefrom the salary of $500 per
annum already received by him.
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that that man
was an officer, whose pay was fixed by law. We
have had a good deal of fuss here about going
b \ck and giving pay. I think this is a good place
to stop it; and 1 object to the bill.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would say to the gentle-
man from Virginia that this man was not an offi-
cer in the Army. He was employed as a pay-
master's clerk at a fixed salary, but shortly after
he was thus employed, a law passed fixing the
pay of clerks, to be hereafter employed, at three
dolkus a day. He now asks that he may receive
the Name pay which others have received for sim-
ilar services.
Mr. LETCHER. He was a clerk, and his sal-
ary was fixed by law at the time he took the place.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I make the point of order
that the objection of the gentleman from Virginia
comes too late. The bid" had been laid aside to
be reported to the House when he made it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The bill has been laid aside to be
reported to the House, and the objection of the
gentleman from Vnginia comes too late.
AUGUSTUS J. KUJIN.
A bill (II. R. No. 258) for the relief of Augus-
tus J. iuihn.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the n.une ot Augustus J. fluhn, of Pennsyl-
vania, upon the; invalid pension list, at the rate
of ei^ht dollars per month, commencing on the
25th of July, 1650, and to continue during his
natmal hfc.
It appears, ft om the report of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, that the petitioner in this case
was crJied into the service m the war of 1812,
then a resident of Pennsylvania; that he marched
with his company to Baltimore, Maryland, where
he was stationed. At this time he was a hardy,
healthy person, capable of endurance; but the
camp life of a soldier, exposed as he was to cold,
ram, and sleeping upon wet straw and m wet
clothing, he took a violent cold, so severe as to
lay h:m down sick; which settled in his head,
making him almost distracted; causing severe
pains in his head and ears, and confused noise and
partial deafness; all of which increased upon him,
affecting his whole nervous system, and prostrat-
ing him altogether; that he continues in this low
situation, only failing and becoming more pros-
trated, lus deafness increasing with his weakness,
until he became totally deaf, or so far so thai ho
could only hear through an ear-trumpet, and, at
times, but partially even then—with his constitu-
tion so shattered as to be hardly able to walk.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to (lie
House.
HECTOR ST. JOHN1 BE'.TLCV.
A bill (II. R. No. 262) for the rehef of Hector
St. John Ilcatlcy. [Objected to by .Mr. Joxes ,
of Tennessee.]
