1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
executive officers, we are appealed to in behalf of
the citizen who is to lose his property, that the
Government has taken it; and that, unless Con-
gress appropriates in a deficiency bill, the citizen
wili lose his pay. It may be said Congress need
not appropriate the deficiency. That is true; it
can be withheld; but who is the sufferer? Not
the officer of the Government; not the Government
—for they have taken the property or the labor of
the private citizen, and refused to pay him. An
appeal is then made to us, in the name of hu-
manity and of justice, to compel the payment of
money for the support of the Departments of the
Government for which, in the first instance, we
refuse to appropriate. My only object was to
call the attention of the committee to the abuse,
not to discuss the bill. We have here a deficiency
asked for the support of the Army, half as large
as the regular appropriation for the fiscal year. I
know of no way of correcting such abuses but by
defeating the bill that supplies such deficiency.
Mr. NICHOLS. When this question was
under discussion the other day between the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. jones] and myself,
there was another very distinct branch of the sub-
ject discussed. It was in relation to certain claims
which were specifically brought to the attention
of the House in the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I made what I claimed to be an
argument in favor of the power of the House
and of the Committee of Accounts to make the
allowances particularly instanced by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and by the Secretary of the
Treasury. I do notfind that my friend from Ten-
nessee makes any question with me now. about
these particular claims.
I have only one word to say in regard to this
appropriation for the Globe. I appended a note to
my remarks on Friday, precisely as the gentleman
from Tennessee appended a note to some remarks
after a discussion between himself and the pres-
ent Secretary of the Treasury, in the last Con-
gress, and I thought there was nothing unfair in
it. Was the appropriation retrospective, or was
it prospective ? That is the point. My own im-
pression was, at the time of the remarks of the
. gentleman from Tennessee, that it was prospect-
ive. But, sir, the provision for the increased pay
was put into an appropriation bill at the close of
the session of Congress, and it carried the pay
back to the commencement of that session. It
was, therefore, retrospective in its influence.
Mr. Chairman, in regard to the other hianch of
this question, the law began at the period which
I stated in my former remarks, in the Twenty-
Ninth Congress, I think. It was the absolute
custom of each House to vote this increased com-
pensation to its employes, and put the amount in
the appropriation bill, as a matter of course. In
the appropriation bill of 1845, a proviso was in-
serted that no such extra should thereafter be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House.
Well, sir,I hold that the force of that provisoex-
pired with the appropriation made in that bill. I
liave cited the authority of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and of distinguished gentlemen who have
occupied positions on this floor, in suppoit of my
position. After that, this twenty per cent, extra
was voted and paid by both branches of Congress.
In 1854, we adopted a joint resolution to tins
effect, that the salaries of certain of the employes
should be increased twenty per ecnt., with the
further proviso that the usual extra compensation
should cease to those employes who would denvc
benefit under it. At the subsequent session to the
passageof this resolution, provision was made for
certain parties outside of that joint resolution.
There is no disagreement between the gentleman
and myself on that point. At the first session of
the next Congress, a general resolution for extra
pay was again voted, and appropriations were
made for it in the appropriation bill. At the last
session of Congress, certain extras were voted in
both branches of Congress; and we find this state
of facts prevailing, that where" certain claims on
this side have been suspended, and have been
brought to the attention of Congress, no notice
of a suspension of the like claims in the Senate
has been received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man intend to be understood that the extra com-
pensations voted by the Senate have been paid,
and the accounts settled at the Treasury?
Mr. NICHOLS. No, sir; I have not stated
that, and I do not state it now. I say,however,
that they were paid in the Senate, and that no
notice of their disallowance has been received
there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Perhaps the dis-
bursing officer in the Senate has not sent his
vouchers to the Treasury, and perhaps no gen-
tleman has called for any information on the sub-
ject. I inquired whether payment was made of
this extra compensation to those who were en-
titled to receive it under the joint resolution, and
I learned that, up to the 25th of February, there
have been none of them settled.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman alludes to the
fact that the Secretary of the Treasury had re-
ceived no notice of the payment of any of this
general extra compensation on the Senate side,
and therefore he draws the inference that none of
them have been paid. He says that perhaps none
of them have been presented in this House. Now,
perhaps, they have all been paid. The fact of
non-presentation at the Treasury on one side, it
appears, is no evidence of non-payment; then it
ou^ht to be none on the other; and one argument
is just as good as the other.
'Mr, Chairman, I take it there is but one prac-
tical point here,and that is this: Has this House
the power to pay'these extras to its employes out
of its contingent fund ? What does the Secretary
of the Treasury say ? Does he find his justifica-
tion for suspending these particular claims in the
joint resolution of 1854? If he does, I concede
that I do not understand his argument. No,
sir, he puts it upon the direct provisions and lim-
itations contained in the appropriation act of
1845.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Ohio will allow me. The vouchers which
the Secretary of the Treasury sent here, and
which aie to be found on pages 82 and 83 of his
annual report upon the finances, do not purpoit
to be paid under the usual extra compensation
resolution, but under separate and distinct reso-
lutions, giving an increased compensation for ten
yeais back, and for the future until otherwise or-
dered. The Secretary, therefore, puts his sus-
pension of these claims upon the ground that that
sort of increase is prohibited by the act of 1845,
and not by the joint resolution of 1854.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman now speaks
of allowances which have been madeby the House
and by the Committee of Accounts. Now, sir,
take the allowances in the list made by the Com-
mittee of Accounts. I showed the other day that
claims precisely similar m their character, under
precisely the same circumstances, and for pre-
cisely the same services, have been allowed by
Committees of Accounts since theTwenty-Ninth
Congress. Where are they paid? From what
fund are they drawn ? From the contingent fund
of the House. 1 showed that these claims had
been allowed and passed at the Treasury Depart-
ment for a series of years—allowed from that
fund, and from no other fund. They have not
been suspended under the act of 1845. Now,
where is the difference in principle between allow-
ances to be paid out of the contingent fund for
extra services, and other allowances made under
resolutions of the House ? I cannot distinguish
the difference. If these things be in violation of
law, if there be no power and no authority to pay
them, 1 say the House ought not to vote them,
j Rut I look upon them wither as determined by
I the past action of the Treasury Department. In
| paying the amounts voted by the House by res-
j olutions, when rights have accrued under them,
: we do no more than simple justice.
' Hut the gentleman says that some of these4
! claims have not been paid. I do noi know how
that is, but I know that, as a former member
' of the Committee of Accounts, I have been ap-
| proached by gentlemen who said that they had
| advanced money for needy persons, who had
! made assignments of their claims and gone off
| home.
[ Now, where interests ofthis kind have accrued,
i I am for paying these bills and making provision
| for preventing the abuse hereafter. It is wrong,
sir, I know, to justify one bad precedent by an-
other, if we have no right to make these appro-
priations; but were I so disposed, I could show
that, in a committee in the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, upon which the gentleman fromTcnnessee
[Mr. Jones] himself served, there was a clerk
employed by no other power than a mere resolu-
tion of this House, who at the same time drew
his pay at the Treasury Department, as clerk in
that Department, while there was at the same
time a law m force prohibiting any man from fill-
ing two offices and drawing the pay of two offices.
Now, upon what principle was this double com-
pensation paid? He was paid as clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means, the compensa-
tion which the House adjudged to be reasonable,
by a simple resolution of the House, and with no
other authority. It can be justified in no other
way than upon the principle that the House has
the control of its contingent fund. It was paid
upon the mere resolution of the House, and by
no other authority, and rests upon no other foun-
dation. This is all I propose to say upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. DOWDELL. 1 deem it proper to say, in
the outset, that I consider deficiency bills an evil,
but a necessary evil. It is impossible to provide
against their necessity. It is impossible to make
estimates in advance that shall cover every con-
tingency that may arise. The contingency which
this deficiency bill covers, for the transportation of
troops to Utah, could not have been foreseen; and
hence the large amount included ir. this bill. I am
willing to cooperate in any plan for conecting this
evil; but I do not believe it can be entirely avoided.
I rise, however, more particularly to speak of
the latter section of this bill. It has been the uni-
form practice of the House, for the last twelve
years, to pass resolutions which have received a
construction at the Treasury Department, to pay
extra compensation to theemploycs of the House.
The difficulty now arises from the fact that the
present Secretary of the Treasury has gone back
to the commencement, to the law of 1845, and has
reversed the decisions of his predecessors. But
seeing the injustice which has been done in con-
sequence of these conflicting decisions, he advises
payment to be made.
Now, sir, I have looked into these resolutions
for extra compensation, resolutions from the fit st
session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress to the
present time. The resolutions are similar in their
phraseology, and this usual extra compensation
was votedfup to 3854. In that year a joint reso-
lution was passed confining it to officers who did
not receive annual salaries, and twenty per cent,
was added to the pay of the salaried officers.
Now, I desire to read one clause from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, as the founda-
tion of the remarks which I propose to make.
He says:
" In the settlement of the accounts of the Cleik of the
rimi*c ot ilepre-entauves by the accounting oIiieeH ot the
Trc.i-ni>, <i question aioi-e as to tile powei r>i ilie mo linages
of C<mgie<s ovei their respective contingent luniU. Under
HNohinoiis passed by the House of Representatives, the
Cleik had paid ceitain sums to diffeient employes of the
Hou-if tor extra sei vice^ mulcted by them, and the question
way piesented to me vvhethei he could be allowed credit
foi such pavments, m view of the piovmon^ of the act of
Match 3, 184."), which wa-s evidently intended to prevent
the application * f the contingent linid ot the two Houses to
such pin poses. My opinion was, that the act of March 3,
1815, was still in lorce in tins respect, and I accordingly
held that the cicdits could not be allowed. The reasons
for that opinion are so fully stated in inv letter of June 30,
1857, to the Fn^t Auditor of the Trea^my—a copy oi which
accompanies this repoit, inaiked 11—that if unm'eessaiy
again to discuss the question In eonfoiinity to the sug-
gestions of that letter, and for the reasons theieni given, T
lecoimnend the passage ot a law for the idiot ol the pai ties
who have acted under the different coristiuction placed
upon the law by tins Depaitment."
In the letter referred to, in this extract from the
report, after giving the reasons for his decision,
the Secretary further says:
"The greatest reluctance I have felt in coming to this
conclusion, aii-fx fioni ilie appiehension that injustice may
be done to the p<M -one who^c, claims have thus been ieeog-
nized. and the olheets or the Senate and Mouse, who have
acred in good faith in complying with the directions of the
respective Iiou=i *.
u In paying these accounts they have only done what
tliev weie u-qmied to do. and what long established usage
j.i^tuinrt them in doing. Under such circumstances they
should b" p otected fioni any loss oi injury, and I have no
doubt Congress will do it."
If the decision of the present Secretary of the
Treasury be not law, I hope that it wili he made
the law, and that officers shall have a fixed salary,
not to bo increased or diminished during their
term of service.
I am as much opposed to granting extra com-
pensation as any gentleman on this floor. If this
was an original proposition to give extra, I should
not vote for it. But I do not look upon it in that
