1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of Walker—Central America-
-Mr. Wright.
Ho. of Reps.
ruling power has been behind the throne. A
" cloth of gold" has hidden its deformities. The
Earl of Warwick was called " the king maker."
He overthrew and established dynasties. " The
Transit Company," technically, " the American
Atlantic and Pacific Ship Canal Company"—
sometimes known as "Stebbins & Co," some-
times as Vanderbilt, White & Co," and perhaps
other names, located in New York—has ruled its
destinies for some years. It has overthrown two
Governments and established two, and now has
its leviathan folds around it, supported, protected,
and defended, both by this Government and the
British. President Martinez and Yrissari are Us
mere puppets, to represent government.
This company furnished a Imge portion of the
means by which Walker was introduced into the
country, and, in combinaion with Castillo, or rath-
er, the liberal party, which he had represented, (he
having died before Walker's arrival,) overthrew
the Chamorro, or aristocratic party. When the
company failed to control Walker's government,
it went to work to overthrow that, as it had done
Chamorro's. In conjunction with British emis-
saries, it succeededin arraying five Central Amer-
ican Governments against Walker, and aided
them by its counsel and means in the war which
followed. By some means unknown, it suc-
ceeded m getting the countenance and aid of this
Government, by whose naval officer (Commander
Davis) Walker was first captured and brought
back to this country. Upon Walker's return to
Nicaragua it was busy at Washington; its mem-
bers were dined at the White House. Scandal
says some of the heads of Departments bought
stock, or had previously bought it. The Gov-
ernment agreed, through Yrissari, to protect it in
all its franchises. Its president wrote to the Sec-
retary of State to have " the filibuster Walker"
taken away—said it was necessary for the good
of the people of this country—that he had steam-
ships ready to put upon the route for purposes of
transportation, but was afraid of Walker, &c.
Walker was accidentally captured, and the Marti-
nez and Yrissari Government installed, and the
said company, the British, and the northern half
of this Republic, let in.
i have notime to enter into the details of this
iniquitous transaction. I must, however, refer
to some facts more minutely. By the Yussan
treaty, thiee main points ate treated for: First.
Two'free ports to all nations, kindred and tongues,
and especially our cousins, the British, at either
end of the transit. Second. The protection of the
company in its rights; thjs is the grand point.
Third. Free transit across theisthmus to all Gov-
ernments.
Now observe, first, Walker " and his young
men, mostly from southern States," (as one of
the capturing admirals calls them in his dispatch,)
are taken out of the country. Now who are put
in by the treaty? The Biitish, and all other na-
tions, except the southern half of this. For one
of the stipulations is, protection to the company.
What are its rights 5 Not only exclusive transit,
(what a monopoly!) but exclusive colonization.
Examine its contract with Nicaragua and Yris-
sari. My limit of an hour prevents its publica-
tion. I will give an extract of Yrissari's let-
ter to Mr. Cass, under date of 30th December
last:
i: The undersigned deems it to be his duty to inform his Ex-
cellency the Seeietary of State that the Constituent Assem-
bly ot' Nicaragua has approved and continued the contract
made by the undersigned with the American Atlantic and
Pacific Ship Canal Company, the only one vmltd wdh the
•privilege of carrying across the isthmus, a-* rhoonty one also ,'
which, for the present, and so long as the Government will ';
not have otherwise disposed, has the n*Ut to carry emi- ;j
grants to that country under such conditions a.-5 have been .:
imposed on this company. All other emigrants oi colonizers ■!
whatsoever that may be conveyed to that country will be re- ,.
Jused admission, and compelled to depart from the territory •1
of the Republic." " Considering it highly important that the
tenor of this note, especially that portion touching emigia- |
tion to Nicaragua should be made public, the undesigned :
would entertain the hope that the Secretaiy of State will !
find no objection to have its contents published." j:
And this, a Democratic Administration, sup-
ported by nearly the entire South, publishes!
" Young men, mostly from the southern States,"
" will take due notice and govern themselves ac-
cordingly." Any desiring to emigrate to Nicara-
gua will please go by New York and get " their
papers" of this land monopoly, this stock-jobbing .
and governmental company. Taking Walker
away accidentally, this is the treaiy made " of
purpose."
Can it be possible that the President was amus-
ing the South with the " Kansas abstraction,"
while practically be was using the power of the
Government to take " slave labor" out of Central
America and put free labor in ? Was henotonly
giving territory to "free labor" in Kansas, and
principle to the " slave power," but was he doing
the same thing in the tropics? His antecedents
would not lead us to such a conclusion. Facts
seem to point that way. Surely I do not rightly
apprehend them, or they are susceptible of ex-
planation.
Hear what a leading British paper says. After
rejoicing at the probable overthrow of slavery in
some of the border States, lie proceeds, (I quote
the London News:)
" More significant still is the proposed settlement of Cen-
tral American lands with while laborers. This is one of the
comequences of the failure of Tf'nlher, and of the alarm
which he caused to Nieamgu'a. The Mmisrer fiom Nica-
ragua lends eager countenance to the scheme, in hopes of
obtaining mespectable population, introducing capital, 111-
diMiv, and commerce, and of keeping at aim's length, by
the t-amc method, the tipsy, quarrelsome, marauding pio-
neers of slavery. Several thousand white working men have
taken passage lor the new settlements. Time will show
what then buccess is likely to be, and whether they can
really cariy on that competition with the South in regaid to
southern pioducts, which must be thoii inducement to leave
their couritiy while such vast areas lemain unappropriated
thcic. Another motive may, however, be, that m Central
America, they are more secure from the curse of slave insti- j
tutions than they now feel themselves to be in any pait of j
the Union. The real natuie of the migiatum serins to be
proved by the exeo^ive wrath of the Virginia newspapers
on the piornulgation of the enterprise.55
No wonder that "my Lord Napier and Sir Gore
Ouseley" did agree to the Yrissari treaty. Is this
the Amencan supremacy in the Gulf and Centtal ;
America, of the Democratic platform ? Shall the i
American Navy be made,by a Democratic Admin-
istration, to act the part of scavenge) s for the ithh,
in the Caribbean sea and along its coasts? Will
American statesmen submit to this? Shall we
thank the Administration that Walker, with his
men, "mostly from the southern States," has
been taken away, because, if we had not done it,
the British would? Shall we vote Paulding a
sword because on an Jlmerican coast, under Bi dish
guns, and the approving smiles of British officers, he
captured his countrymen ? And having captured
his countiymen, he converted his ship into a thea-
ter, and made his men play low comedy for the
entertainment and amusemontof British soldiers ! i
Oh, my country, how ha^t thou fallen ! Our sires j
voted thanks and swords to their gallant tars: but |
in those days, the fresher days of the Republic, !
"knights wore spurs who won them." Congress 1
voted" McDonough a sword; but MeDono'ugh !
drove British navies out of American seas. At j
Plattsburg, with fourteen ships, he fought seven- :
teen; with seventy-six guns, he fought eighty-six; j
with eight hundred and fifty American seamen, 1
he fought one thousand British. On Champlam's j
quiet waters, he argued the rights of his country- [
men with the British, from the port-holes of his 1
ships, with eloquent broadsides. In honoring !
him, I have thought my country did honor her- j
self. Paulding captured his countrymen without i
firing a gun, with a British navy at his back. ]
Shafl we vote him a sword ? What say you, rep- \
resentatives of my country's honor' j
A Congress of our fathers voted Paul Jones |
thanks and a sword. The commander of the Bon j
Homme Richard, in sight of a British coast, in
British waters, boarded a British ship, his supe- j
nor in men and guns. When his flag was shot .
away, theopposmgcommander,supposin^e had |
hauled down his colors, asked if the captain of the 1
ship had surrendered; his reply was, " He has j
not yet begun to fight, sir 1" Lashing his cannon- .
riddled, sinkingship to thatof hisenemy,and call- ,
ingupun his men to follow him, he sprang to the
enemy's vessel, and walked her slippery decks
her victor and commander. Verily, I have felt
right loyal to my country when I have read how
she honored the dauntless hero. But Commodore
Paulding—what has he done? Has faction and
fanaticism effaced the last vestige of justice from
the mind of my countrymen ? As a subaltern, he
but executed the order of his superior. He did
that m a most ungallani and ungracious style.
Clothed with a power that was wholly irresistible
| by those with whom he had to contend,he insulted
| and brow-beat his victim. In an official note to
j surrender, Paulding told Walker he lied, and
| threatened to /mflghim. With four hundred men,
• well armed, and with cannon, with a part of the
| British fleet floating in the harbor, and ready to
j help, he landed, and, without firing a gun, cap-
| tured " one hundred and fifty young men, mostly
i from the southern States," badly clothed, badly
! armed, and not disposed to fight-their country-
| men. In that band there were some that, under
| the stars and stripes, had heard the thunders of
| Chepultepec, Cherubusco, and Molino del Roy.
I Paulding faced no danger, run no risk,accom-
| plished nothing likely to add to his country's re-
' nown or give luster to the page of her history.
These captured " young men from the southern
States" he sends in " a vessel without a stove,"
in the dead of winter, back to their country.
Shall we vote the sword? That's the question.
There was an enemy captured on thut occasion,
that has not generally been noticed, but was re-
turned by the commodore under his "list of
killed and wounded." Upon that enemy, we
are told, by "some lookers on in the service,"
there was an assault of a serious character. It
formed a sort of rear guard of " the captured,"
and was found m the shape of two barrels of
" coin whisky." Under the commodore's "list
of killed and wounded," if you will observe
closely, you will notice " a sack of salt, a bag of
beans, and two barrels of corn whisky." Upon
this latter " force" of the enemy there was made
a most determined and desperate charge. For vio-
lence of onset, and desperation of purpose, noth-
ing has equaled it since the charge of Ney,atthe
lfead of the Old Guard, on the field of Waterloo.
It is unnecessary to state, the victory was com-
plete, the enemy was routed, dispersed, and anni-
hilated. It is povssible the distinguished Senator
from Wisconsin, in the other end of the Capitol,
may have been caught with this part of " tho
encounter" in moving his resolution. Upon in-
quiry, I ascertained we both belonged to that re-
spectable order known as " hard-shell Baptists."
One of the peculiarities of that excellent people is
said to be a " disposition to demolish" this dread-
ful enemy, whenever and wherever discovered. As
such rencounters are always accompanied " wilh
imminent risks," I have thought it possible it
was to this part of ■' the fatal affray" the sword
was intended to go. Sir, if this is the idea, " I
give m."
My distinguished colleague [Mr. Stephens]
said, in his speech on Walker's capture, that it
" was illegal and an outrage." Right truly and
I eloquently did he say it. There is no parallel to
, it in the history of this Government. Jackson
i did not thus treat those " iillibusters" who con-
, quered and civilized Texas. No Government
! ever committed a more unlawful and more un-
, justifiable act.
; Yrissari has applied to Walker the epithets of
" robber, murdeicr, pirate," and such like. Sor-
ry am I that the President, in his effort to justify
his action, has applied the same terms. Of the
pompous mongiel, nothing better was to be ex-
pected. It is below the dignity of the President's
, office. He wronged the citizen, that was enough.
Gentlemen, endeavoring to justify the Presi-
dent, have pursued the same course; they have
! gone further, and declared Walker a failure as a
| ruler and a general. Let us inquire a little into
the facts, and see how stand the "issues" the
Government and its friends have made upon this
" youth from a southern State."
; Nicaragua has had no stable Government for
1 many years. Revolution and anarchy have reigned
over that Eden of the western world for a long
i time. Walker'sgovernment, in duration and effi-
ciency, has not been equaled for neaily a quarter
• of a century. In 1S55, there were two contend-
; ing factions for the presidency. The aristocracy
■ leaning to European influences, headed by Cha-
) morro; andthehbcralordemocraticpsity,headed
! by Castillo. They were engaged in war for su-
j premacy when, through the agency of this New
I York company, which sought to rule the country
' through the liberal pnrty, a contract was entered
i into between Cnsiiiio and Walker, then of Cali-
! fornia, to the effect thut Walker should maintain
! Castilloandhisparty in power, (himself becoming
