1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
light at all. The objections set forth to the evils
of the practice do not apply to the case before us.
It is whether we will in good faith perform obli-
gations incurred by a previous Congress; whether
we will permit our officers and other parties who
have acted under resolutions of the House, and
the uniform decisionsofthe Treasury Department
for years, to be, by a sudden change of construc-
tion, damaged.
Taking this view of the subject—and I believe
it to be a correct one—I do not see how we can
justly refuse to discharge these obligations, how-
ever much wc may be opposed to the former prac-
tice of the two Houses. Besides, by passing the
bill in this shape, we shall be vindicatingthe decis-
ion of the Secretary—acknowledging the neces-
sity of joint action of the two Houses in order to
appropriate its own contingent fund to such pur-
poses.
It is a question of the power of the House over
its contingent fund. Up to the decision of the
Secretary recently made, each House has paid its
own officers this usual extra compensation. Con-
structions are now conflicting, and under that con-
flict of construction, I hope this House will not
suffer these parties to be injured. The present
Secretary has differently construed the act from
all of his predecessors.
In the act of 1845 there is the following pro-
vision:
"Provided. That no part of the sums approptiated for the
continent expenses of other Uou^e ot Couplers shall be
applied to anv other than the ordinaly cxpendituie& of the
benate and House of Representative* ; nor ds> extra allow-
ance to any eleik, mes^enyer. or other attendant ol the said
two Houses, or either of them ; nor as payment or compen-
sation to any cleik, nie?bcn<ier. or other attendant of the
5-aid i\a o Houses, or either of them, unlc-s Mich clerk, mes-
iengri. or other attendant be so employed by a resolution
oi oidei of one of the said Houses.55
The second session of the same Congress passed
a similar clause in an appropriation bill.
The Secretary has based his decision upon the
ground that this clause was general in its charac-
ter, and designed to be permanent; that it did not
expire with the fiscal year; that, being in force
since 1845, the practice of his Department was in
violation of it. I do not intend to complain at his
decision. I trust that it may stand as the law;
but, at the same time, I hope that his recommend-
ations may be heeded by the House, and those
who have been induced to rely upon the decision
of his predecessors may be saved harmless. An-
other reason for this may be found in the fact that
the same Congress which passed the clause fur-
nishing the basis of the decision of the Secretary,
at its next session passed a similar clause, thus
giving the highest evidence that it did not consider
the law general and permanent; but, in accord-
ance with the construction subsequently given by
the officers of the Treasury, to expire with the
fiscal year.
There exists now, Mr. Chairman, a conflict
of construction upon this law. Under tlus differ-
ence of construction, the employes, legitimately
expecting that portion of their wages, have in-
curred liabilities, contiacted debts in good faith,
confidently relying upon the Government which
had heretofore uniformly paid these extra allow-
ances.
Some third parties, hnnafide holders, into whose
hands some of these claims have passed, are also
liable to be injured by the change of construc-
tion. It may be argued that the practice has no
law for it, but it has been the usage for years.
The Comptroller of the Treasury, in a letter ad-
dressed to the Secretary, says, that its origin con-
sists in the supposed ab&olute right of each House
to dispose of its contingent fund according to its
pleasure.
The former Secretary of the Treasury, under
a similar resolution of the first session of the last
Congress, when it was represented to him that
the Clerk failed to make a requisition for the
money to pay some of the employes, sent the
amount affixed to each name, entitled under the
resolution, with direction that it be paid, and that
a requisition be made out for the sum.
When the last accounts were submitted to the
Comptroller of the Treasury, the Doorkeeper
gave his certificate that the persons named were
entitled to the money. Most of those who
claimed the money were pages and folders and
laborers. Some of them lived in various parts of
the country, and could not afford to remain here
long after the adjournment. The resolution was
in conformity with the practice of the Govern- |
ment for a dozen years. There was a decision
of the Comptroller and Secretary of the Treasury
in its favor. They deposited these certificates,
and money was advanced upon them. Then they
went to their homes, Now there is a different
construction*, and is it not right that we should
make the appropriation to save bona fide owners
of these claims ? Many good men of this city
advanced the money that these pages and labor-
ers might not be detained; and the payment of it
is now arrested suddenly by a new construction
of the law; but, m order to prevent injury, the
Secretary of the Treasury recommends that these
claims shall be paid.
Here is a letter from the Comptroller of the
Treasury, which I ask may be read:
tklabury D-tfarimh.-u, comptroller's office,
JljrtiL 11, I8:>7.
Sir: The House of Representatives of Congress, on the
2d of March last, adopted the following resolution:
ei Resolred, That there be paidout of the contingent fund
of the House of Repiesentatives alike amount of additional
compensation 10 the same officers, clerks, messengers, and
otheremployesol the House, and others, as was directed to
be paid at the first session of the present Congress by the
resolution of the House of August 15,1856."
There was a class of persons within the tiue intent and
moaning of this lesolution that are not embraced in the pro-
hibitoiy clause of the joint resolution of the 20th of July,
183-1, who ought to be paid, if there is an appropriation that
can be legitimately issued for that puipose. Many of the
poisons composing it arc minois, some of them having wid-
owed motheis, who, to some extent, depend upon the ser-
vice of their >oris for suppoit, and none of them, vo tar as I
have any knowledge upon the subject, arc in ea^y circum-
stances. Many inquiries have been made by, or on the part
of tho^e eoncenied, respecting the payment of the cla^s of
cmpioy6s refeired to ; and it has been stated that some of
the persons, have been obliged to assign their claims at a dis-
count torane money. Seventeen of the contingent appro-
priations I'oi the House of Representatives aie tor tpecific
objects, that cannot, as I conceive, bcused for any other
than the designated purposes, except under the law regu
latmg transl'eis.
The eighteenth contingent appropriation i« a< follow*:
" Foi miscellaneous item*, $50,000.'-' I .submit for your
consideiation two questions.
First, can any part of that appropiiation be used to pay
the employes undei the lesolution of 2d March, copied
above, who aie not within the proiubitoiy clause of the
joint resolution of July 2!), 1856 ?
Second, if so, can the payment be made before the l.stof
July uou?
The Clerk has made no requisition for this class of em-
ployes, nor did ho under the resolution of the IIou«e of
Representatives ol August 15, 1856. Under that re-iolutjon
he drew lor himself and for the orticois withm Ins ela«s_:
and this ycai lie has diawn a lequisition for the same cla&s,
under the second section of the deficiency act, and re-
ceived the money
To i<juiovc the complaint that existed ta^-t yeai by the
foldeis, pages, and othei* of that class, the, Secetaiy ot the
' Tiea^iuy having, thiough thecoue^pondence ot this othee,
obtained a h-t ot the names ol the per-on- entiried to pay,
and the amount due to cach. he flrcw lu^ wan ant upon the
Tieasuty, which being peitectcd aeeoidtn<* to law, the
money \\a-s diawu lioin the Trea-ut\, a d i.ift was sent to
the Cleric, with a list of the name^ of the persons to lie paid,
and the amount due to each noted.
If lelief can be legally g>anted in this mode, or in *omc
other that may appeal to \ou better adapted to the occa-
sion, milch Ratification would be given to tho^e concerned,
and much anxious solicitude lemiinated.
Mo.st sineeiely vom^,
ELISIT-V WIIITTLErfEl".
Hon IIowklt. Cobb. Sccretaui oj the Trc'tiuri;.
The other class of cases, which had been ex-
cluded by the joint resolution of July, 1^54, and
which had, at the previous session of Congress,
been provided for by ajoint resolution, did not
come within the decision of the Department, so
as to receive the extia. Therefore, at the last
session, a joint resolution was passed by both
Houses, and signed by their respective olHcors, j
allowing them likewise the usual extra; but, in
the expiring moments of the session, it was over-
looked, or not signed by the I-Vesident. It did not
become a law; yet, under the resolution of the j
House, the Clerk has advanced to some of this |
class. What amount I do not know, but I under-
stand a considerable sum has been actually paid, j
I am not in favor of making distinctions. If a
part of them have been paid, I see no reason why ,
the balance should not likewise be paid. Ihc j
better course, Mr. Chairman, would be, to pay
off these debts, as the Secretary of the Treasury |
recommends; thus, by a congressional construe- j
tion, admit the necessity of the joint action of •
both Houses to dispose of the contingent fund of |
either, and so get rid of the practice of giving j
extra compensation altogether. |
Let the decision of the Secretary henceforth <
stand as the law—that neither House shall touch
its contingent fund except for oidinary purposes, ,
unless by concurrence of both; and I believe we ■
shall hatfe no further trouble on the subject. As
I remarked in the beginning, I am opposed to
granting extra compensation; but I think -that
good faith requires us to discharge these obliga-
tions incurred by the previous Congress; and I
shall therefore vote for this bill. ■ -
Mr. HOUSTON. I had not^xpected to engage
in this discussion. I have reflected, however,
upon the position 1 will occupy, under my judg-
ment of the case, by the vote I shall be compelled
to give upon this bill, in its present shape, and
have determined to make a few remarks. As this
bill now stands before the committee, 1 shall be
compelled to vote against it, and I desire to give
some of the reasons which will induce me to give
that vote.
I know, Mr. Chairman, it is exceedingly diffi-
cult, under any circumstances^ to prepare an ap-
propriation bill, with the multiplicity of items
which they must ordinarily embrace, that meets
the approbation of all the members of a legislative
body. Why, sir, we know that the leaving out
of one class of items will probably offend the judg-
ments of some of the members of the body, while,
perhaps, if you were to insert them in the bill,
you would drive from its support quite as many
members.
In this particular crisis in our military opera-
tions, I feel very great hesitation, very strong re-
luctance in voting against a bill which proposes
to appropriate money for the support of the Army,
and especially when that appropriation comes rec-
ommended to us by the various proper officers
and Departments of the Government, and espe-
cially for deficiencies which have occurred, or
which it is known will occur, during the current
fiscal year. But, Mr. Chairman, although I feci
every desire to vote for appropriations such as
are intended fairly for the support of the Army,
and to enable it to act efficiently in carrying out
the purposes of the Government, yet if there are
items in the bill which I regard as I do some of
the items in this bill, I shall be compelled to op-
pose the passage of the bill.
In the first place, there are several items here
—and the third section is one of them—that ought
not to be in this bill under any circumstances.
Admit, if you please, the existence of the resolu-
tions, as gentlemen contend, by which these items
are attempted to be sustained; and admit, if you
please, that the claims arising under them have
passed into the hands of bona fide holders, as my
colleague [Mr. Dowdell] has argued, they are,
at best, nothing but private claims, and should be
treated as other private claims. One of the rules
of this House—1 do not remember the number of
it, but it is one that is practiced on very exten-
sively, and should be universally—provides that
no appropriation not authorized by law shall be
put in a general appropriation bill; and such is the
practice in regaid to private claims. The rules
of this House forbid the insertion in an appropria-
tion bill, by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and also by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, of items such as are embraced
in the third section of this bill. This committee
cannot insert an item in this bill thai is not au-
thorized by an existing law. I do not refer to
this as a cause of censure of the Committee of
Ways and Moans, for I know the difficulty ex-
perienced by that committee. I know the great
number of propositions thatare presented to them,
and the pressure there is for all such appropria-
tions of money to be embodied in their bills; and,
therefore, nothing that I say is intended as a mat-
ter of complaint against them for doing that which
I regard, and which I have no doubt you, Mr.
Chairman, regard, as violative of the rule of the
House to which I have referred.
Now, sir, I ask what existing law there is to
justify this appropriation foi the repoiteis? I will
take that first. What existing law is there for it?
I would be glad if some gentleman would turn to
the law authorizing the appropriation to enable
John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
House, for reporting the debates of the present
session of Congress, the compensation of $800
each ? There is no rule of the House which jus-
tifies it. I am not now speaking of the merits of
the proposition. I will do that "directly.
There is another objection to this item. It is
piesented in a deficiency bill. What do you un-
derstand by a deficiency? A deficiency is where
an appropriation has been made, and where that
