2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
A bill (No. 63) for the relief of Ami B. John-
son, of the county of Henrico, Stale of Virginia;
A. bill (No, 64) for the relief of Hannah Men-
zies, of the State of Kentucky;
A bill (No. 66) for the relief of Rebecca P.
Nourse, of the State of Kentucky;
A bill (No. 67) for the relief of Anna Hill, of
the county of Monroe, State of New York*,
A bill (No. 68) for the relief of Polly Booth,of
the county of Madison, State of New York;
A bill (No. 69) for the relief of Sarah Eaton,
of the county of Worcester, State of Massachu-
setts;
A bill (No. 70) for the relief of Temperance
Childress, of the State of Virginia-,
A bill (No. 71) for the relief of Elizabeth King,
of the State of Virginia;
A bill (No. 72) for the relief-of Lydia Clapp,
of Washington county, State of New York;
A bill (No. 73) for the relief of Elizabeth Mor-
gan, of the county of Rensselaer, State ot Nov/
York;
A bill (No. 74) for the relief of Phebe Polly,
of the county of Otsego, State of New Yoik;
A bill (No. 75) for the relief of Nancy Utig, of
the county of Herkimer, State of New York;
A bill (No. 76) for the relief of Mary Ann
Hooper, of the State of Virginia;
A biil (No. 77) for the relief of Almira RenifT,
of the State of Pennsylvania;
A bill (No. 78) for the relief of Sarah Loomis,
of the county of New London, State of Connec-
ticut; and
A bill (No. 70) for the relief of Mary Grant,
of the State of South Carolina.
'BENJAMIN §AYRE.
A bill (H. R. No. 310) for the relief of Uenja-
min Sayre. [Objected to by Mr.
J. AVr. NYE.
A bill (IT. R. No. ,'V20) for the relief of .1. W.
Nye. [Objected to by Mr. fjF.Tiiicn. j
.JOHN B- UOPF.R.
A biil (II. R. No. 3:21) for the relief of John
B. Roper.
The bill authorizes and requires the Postmaster
General to pay to John P>. Roper, m addition to
the sum already paid him, #300 for services per-
formed on mail route No. 13336. *
It appear, from (he report, that Roper, a! the
mail letting m the winter of 1854, put in two bids
on routes No. KM3.3 and 13336. The first-named
route, running from Cutlyle, Clinton county, Il-
linois, to Museoula, is twenty-seven miles; and
the other, t'i <>m Cni Iy le to 1 f ilixboroA! on tann-
ery county, is forty miles' distance. Route No.
J3336, a dial.nice of forty miles, was <;iven to
him under his bid, as stands upon the books of
the Department, for $."200; and rou'e No. 13335
was given to another for <U(k). The petitioner
alleges that he intended to have reversed the order
of Ins bids, making the highest bid cover the
longest route; and they should have been and
were clcuigncd by htm to be on route No. 13336,
(forty miles,) ^275, and on route No. 13335,
(r wenty-seven miles,)$200, just I lansposmg them.
Tins seems so reasonable that the committee do
not for a moment doubt his truth and sincerity,
it seems that it was clearly the intention of the
petitioner, in making up his bids, to have charged
the largest amount for the longest route. Tins is
so reasonable an inference, aside from all testi-
mony m the case, that,unless combated by pos-
it,] vc testimony,any othei course pursued, as was
in this instance, would at once be charged to a
clerical ciror, whether made by the petitioner
himself, v. Inch is the most likely, at the time of
making his bid<#, or by the Department in regis-
tering them, is immaterial to inquire, as the equity
and justice m the case would be all the same, it
is not the policy of the Government to exact ser-
vices from her citizens without avoiding them
adequate compensation.
The petitioner has performed the service oil
route No. 13336 (forty miles) for $200 per annum;
and the committee are cleaily of the opinion that
lie Is justly entitled to the auditioned sum of sev-
enty-live dollars per annum, which, for the four
years, the penod of Ins contract, amounts to the
yum of ^300.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
1o be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion thai it do patiS.
JAMES CRAIG.
A bill (H. R. No. 322) for the relief of the
heirs of Rev. James Craig, deceased. [Objected
to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
WILLTAM WALKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 323) for the benefit of Wil-
liam Walker. [Objected to by Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi.]
SAMUEL JONES.
A bill (K. R. No. 324) to allow the le°al rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones five years' full pay
in lieu of half pay for life.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected, but sub-
sequently withdrew his objection with the un-
derstanding that the yeas and nays should be
taken in the House on the passage of the bill.
The bill requires the pioper accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow the legal representatives
of Samuel Tones, deceased, a captain of infantry
m the Virginia line on continental establishment,
(without interest,) compensation equal to five
years' full pay as -such captain, in lieu of haif pay
for life due to Samuel Jones, deceased.
It appears, from the report, that there were two
officers in the Virginia line of the same grade and
of the sume name, belonging one to the eleventh
and one to the fifteenth regiment. The Captain
Jones who belonged to the fifteenth regiment was
dismissed from the service in 1778. The other
continued in active service till 1773, at which time
several companies, broken by th ' events of war,
were united to make lull companies, by which
arrangement the Samuel Jones under considera-
tion was left without a command, and became a
supernumerary, and, from the testimony of Chief
Justice Marshall, and that of others, the commit-
tee believe he so remained till the end of the war.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CUKTAVUS 11. HORNER.
A bill (} I. R. No 3'J5) for the rehefof (he le^I
iepies'Oilatives of Gustavus !>. Horner, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. PoTryjuJ
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
A bill (II. R. No. 23-1) to provide for the set-
tlement of the claims of the ofHcers and soldiers
of the revolutionary army, and of the widows and
children of those who died in the servicc, [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Gaunt/it.]
K ART LETT HINDS. j
A bill (II. R. No. 3;36) for the relief (if the heirs j
of Lieutenant Ihu'tlett Hinds. [Objected toby'
Mr. Jo.vr.s, of Tennessee j
OVRGNirs GLASS.
A lull (!1. J" . No 30S) for the rrhrf of Cyre-
nius Ulas.-!. [Objected to by Mr. Nmjth, of Vir- [
gnna.] ' |
Mr. ATKINS. 1 move that the committee do ■
now insr.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for telleis. j
Tellers were otdered; and Messis. Buvtixton '
and Joiiv Cochran**: were appointed.
The committee <Jividcd;and the tellersicported
—ayes 34, noes 75. ;
No quorum voting, the roll was called, and |
the following members failed to answtr to their j
names:
Mos-ms. -\bbott, Adiaut, Ahl, Arnold, Jlnrksdale. Hennett, i
P>!:tn, Jloeoek, Bo\ce, Branch, Uiavtou, Hryan, Bur-
mitt, Bmrouphs, ('amtheis Ca>c, <Ja«kic, JCzia ;
CI.irk. dawson, Clav, Ckuk TL Cochsano, JKuitou Oraijre, i
I'lawfoid. Diivi-* ol'Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Da- ,
vi«i ol low.i, Pick, Dunmiek, PmJoe, Edie, Eiiiuundson, |
Ellioit. lhiy;lish, Fanr-worth, Kutlkner, Foster, Gartrell, j
(hddunrs Cdhs (iiliniui, T-awience \V. Hall, Robert B. I
flail, J. ji|nriiM i Hjhi1-.Thomas L. Harris, Ha-km,Hatch, .
iiiekman. ! hll. Iloaid, Uowaid, Jack-on. Jenkins < )\ven 1
Joiiesi, Ivan, Kclloi'ii, Kclij, Kilirore, Jacob M Ktinkcl, !
John C. J\ aided, 1 .aiiiai. L.uidv. l/iw renee,i,each, Leidy, !
Lovejow Maelav, McKtbbni, MeUueen, Sa.nuHl S. Mar- !
;-h;>ll, Ma«on. Miles, M'ller, Mtlbon, Montgomery, Momll, I
I;rh\.ud Joy Moms I^aae N. Mon^, Fxjpiikui II Moi^o,
Oim, Pai ker, Pe\ ton, John S. Phelps Pottle. Powell, Pur-
viancc, bVady, Reagan, Kicaud. Ritchie, Robbtns Ilojce,
Ru-"-rji, Sawi^e, Sealing, John Shciman, Jinhon W. Sher-
nioi!, Simdeton, .Samuel A. Smith, Stallwoith, Stanton, '
Stephens. Stevenson, William Stewait. Talbot, Tappan, ;
Tliaycr, Tripnu. Undeiwood, Wade, Walton. Ward. War- j
Israel Wa>hbuin, Winte. Wlnteloy, Wii-on, Wood, [
Angi^tn.- R. Wri^rhi. John V. Wn^ht, and Zolheoflbr. |
Pending the call, '
Mr. ATKINS stated that Mr. Gautrell was j
detained at home by sickness in his family. ;
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague, Mr* j
I>Lis b, was detained from the House by illness. 1
The committee rose, in compliance with the
rule; and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. Chaffee reported that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar had
had under consideration the business on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, finding itseif without a quo-
rum, had directed the roll to be called, and the
names of the absentees to be reported to the
House.
The Speaker announced that only one hundred
and members had answered to their names.
; Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that there be a
call of.the House.
, Mr^DAVlS, of Mississippi. I move that the
i House adjourn.
; Mr. WiNSLOW. I desire to ask what will
. become of tiie bills m committee, if the House
now adjourns ?
I The SPEAKER. The House can on Monday
! discharge the committee from such bills as have
■ been laid aside to bo reported to the House.
; Mr. DAVIDSON. How can the House dis-
charge the committee?
The SPEAKER. Ry unanimous consent, or
by a suspension of the rules on a two-third vote
1 when a quorum is present.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. I demand tell-
ers upon the motion to adjourn, for the purpose of
' ascertaining whether a quorum is present or not.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintun
1 and Cimfff.k were appointed.
The Houge divided; and the tellers reported—
ayc« 30, noes 63; no quorum voting.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 32, nays 86: as follows:
Y13AS—Me^r?. Atkm', Ih!iin^!itii-t, [ioiaee F. Clark,
JMvi*. ol De\vait,Eu-u«-, uarneti, (ioode. Hop-
kins Houston, Jewsitt, Cuoige W Joans J (Jlanev iori"'>,
Ijeteher, Milton, Nichols Peyton. Phillips Q,uiirmui.
. Reagan, Keiliy, Uitelne, Kuftin, Seale^, Henry M. Shaw,
Sickles, Miles Taylor, TompKins lOihh'i B. Washbuiac,
Watkiu>, Wei-low, and Woiiondjk''—<il.
\ \ YYH — Abtn.Lt, Andeison, Aiidrcvs, Avery,
Ihniii.iiii, Hi-hop, Glair, Uuntiam, Bovve, Iiuinmon, Bin-
1 litnr.tiiiv', (,'u^kic, (.'avatuiuizh, Ohnir"<', Clirioman, John />.
Claik, CJcUV-on, Clemen*?. Colih, John Cochrane, Cockenii,
' Collar. Comitis, Couninr, Covod", Cf.\, Ciairui, J.uuf.i
Ci;U'4, Cuili*<, Davuison, Davi> ol lml'aaa., Ii.iui.*, btnn,
, f)odd. Dow Jell, Fenton, I'Mnronce, Folc, Gil-siei, Ooocii,
1 Goodwin, (iian^ei, Creeuwood. Orcsin. Croc* beck, (jiow,
] Ionian, Hawkins,' Horro'i, Llnyhe?, hnvloi. Ouen Join1-,
| Kebey, Kd^oie, Knapp, Lesier, llmnplui'V >Iiii-hall, Mat
! te?ou, Mir, naid, Mnigan, Ohvt r A iMo'l, Muu.u,
• Nihlack, Ptihncr, Pendleton, Pettit. William W. Phelps,
i Pike, i'ottci, Uobeit^, Sanihdjje, Scott, ScwnuJ, Aaion
1 Sh.wv, Shortcj, Robot t Smith, Jamc- Stewa;r. GtMiiue
'J'a\lou Thompson, Yaliandmham, Walbno^e, Waldron,
Ciuhvaladei \Yashbmn, Wilson, and Woodson— b(5.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER announced (the vote having
been erroneously counted as yeas 3^. nays 96)
1 that a quorum had voted, and the Committee of
the "Whole acrmn resumed its session.
1 Mr. GU.KKMWOUD. I move thU the com-
mittee use and report the bills winch have been
laid aside to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee tose; and the Speaker hnvm;x
resumed the chair, Mr. Ciiafflk icported that the
Committee of the Whole House bad, according
: to order, had the Private Calcndai under consul-
tation, and had instructed him to report sundry
bills to the House, some with amendment, and
some without amendment, and with a recom-
' mendation that they do pass; also an adverse re-
1 poi t of the Court of Claims, with the recommend-
ation that it be committed to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CHAP FEE demanded the previous quog-
| tion on all the bills.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
; mam question ordered to be put.
| The titles of the House bills reported without
amendment weie then rend over for the purpose
1 of affording an opportunity of designating those
upon winch separate votes were required.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is, that a separate vote was agreed to be had on
the bill for the relief of William Heine, and also
that the vote should be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
' objection.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ten-
; nessee will indicate what bills he desires to be
separately voted on, the Chair will be happy to
put them aside apresent them separately.
