412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
sideration? They accompany their demand for
an increase of the Army with no statements of
facts. They say that thei'e are difficulties; that
the laws are resisted. They do not say there is
war; they speak of no force requiring a great mil-
itary power on our part; and yet, on th$ bare sug-
gestion that there are difficulties existing in that
country, without even giving credence to the ru-
mors which exist, and which we have seen in the
newspapers, and which we certainly cannot credit
to the extent that they are given, they make this
demand on us. Does it becomcus, as statesmen,
to actin a matter of this importance, on such loose,
unreliable data as these; upon bare suggestions,
unaccompanied by facts; upon reasoning without
giving us any details from which the conclusions
are drawn? No legislative assembly in the world
would undertake to raise a large military force in
a time of peace, and at a time of bankruptcy add
ten or twelve million dollars a year to its expend-
iture, merely on the requisition and suggestion of
its Government, with no facts to show that the
necessity existed.
It comes back, then, merely to the question of
the Indians; and on that I do not feel disposed to
say much. Indeed, I could not, if I would, add
anything to what has been so well said by my
friend from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] on that
point. 1 remember that I had the misfortune to
be a member of Congress m the year 1842, when
the subject of the condition of the Army was gone
into, and its number was fixed, I think, at about
eight thousand. The grounds upon which it was
determined at that time that that was a proper
number, were predicated, in the first place, upon
the necessity of supplying our fortifications on
the Atlantic, and our military posts on the fron-
tier; and we had then the same story about the
Indians which we have had since, arm are having
now. I was a younger man then than I am now,
and I was notdisposed to look with so careful and
scrutinizing an eye at matters of expenditure as I
am at present. I remember that I made a speech
at that time in the other House against the reduc-
tion of the Army. ft was, however, advocated
very strongly, ami finnlly carried. I remember
very well that Mr. Adams was a leading man in
favor of reduction. We had no difficulties of any
consequence at that period, and the Army was
reduced to that number. The Florida war had
been ended. Since then, we have acquired Texas
and California and New Mexico and Utah. It is
true, th' se additions have enlarged our frontier,
and incn-astid the number of our Indians. 1 am
not disposed to deny, that on this ground our ex-
penditures are necessarily greater; and I admit
that we have occasion for a greater military force
now than we had then; but between 1842 and
1857, a period of fifteen years, the Army has more
than doubled. It has increased from eight thou-
, sand to eighteen thousand men; and as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has remarked, the ex-
penses per man have vastly increased. Our Army
expenditures have gone up from ei^ht millions
per annum to twenty-five or thirty million dollars,
is there anything in the presentslate of things to
show that that increase is notenough in proportion
to our necessities now, as compared with the exist-
ing state of our Army, and our necessities then ?
Why does not the Government give us some
details of the difficulties on the Indian frontier?
Why are we left merely to the statement that
there are a certain number of military posts? Is
it nccessary to garrison all these posts? It may
be necessary to garrison some of them and not
others. Why are we left to the simple statement
that there are so many Indians subject to our do-
minion? Why do they not tell us that, whereas
we had then on our broad frontier a great cloud
of about fifty thousand Indians who had been
removed to the West, and stationed with those
before on the frontier, disposed to quarrel,smart-
ing under the grievances which they supposed had
been imposed on them m the removal, our Indians
are now settled down, a quiet, peaceable popu-
lation, many of them cultivators of the soil, and
at all events not disposed to commit aggressions
upon us? To be sure we have acquired others;
but so far as this particular class of Indians is
concerned, we are vastly better off now than we
were then.
I see, then, nothing in the state of our Indian
affairs that should call for this increase of the
Army. Indeed, I believe that instead of relying
on the Army, it would be better to rely on the
frontier men themselves, for we shall never have
any peace except such as they conquer; and if
they choose to conquerit, I am willing to pay them
for'it, although we pay them more than we should
have to pay the regular Army, because we shall
then have the privilege of looking into the matter
and seeing how far we arc responsible, and what
the difficulties really are.
What I complain of, then, is that we have no spe-
cific information on this subject; that instead of
telling us there are so many posts to be garrisoned
in order to meet such and such dangers, and that
there are so many Indians to be met at such and
such points, we are simply given the number of
Indians in all our Territories, and the number of
military posts. We have no military details what-
ever as to the necessities of the case. I think we
have a right to expect such details from the hon-
orable chairman, and he is unquestionably com-
petent to give them, for he is perfectly familiar
with all these matters. When he asks for this
large increase of the Army, why not give us a state-
ment of precisely what is necessary, and where
and what number of troops is needed for eacli par-
ticular place, and each particular service, without
dealing in these generalities? No legislative bodies
on the face of the earth, pareful as they ought to
be, especially with us, and as our ancestors always
were m the expenditure of money, ever thought
of granting it, except upon the most specific
statements showing how the money was to be
used.
Some two or three years ago, on the recom-
mendation of the then existing Government, and
while the honorable chairman of the committee
was at the head of the military Department of the
Government, we raised four regiments, if I recol-
lect aright. We, in fact, authorized the increase
of the Army to very nearly, if not quite, the ex-
tent that was demanded. He will correct me, if
I am wrong on that point. Has there been any-
thing since to increase the necessity ? Are we in
any trouble now that we were not in then, calling
for a larger number of troops? The honorable
Senator says it is not Utah. What, then, is it?
I believe that recommendation was based on sim-
ilar arguments to those used now. With regard
to the number of Indians on our frontier, and the
exposed character of the frontier, the necessary
protection of the people, and the necessary pro-
tection of emigrants, the argument was the same.
How is the case changed? We raised the four
regiments; we increased the Army; -we added
$4,000,000 a year to the general expenditure, and
now wo are called upon to add from seven to ten
million dollars more. I should like to know from
somebody (because I profess my ignorance on
these subjects) what has arisen, in the mean time,
between the act we did then, in granting the in-
crease of the Army, and the present time ?
All these facts I desire to know; and they were
the motiveand the reason why I stated to thuSen-
ate yesterday, that upon this subject I did not be-
lieve the Senate was sufficiently informed; because
I think it is the duly of every Senator to jud°e for
himself upon the details of facts, and to take the
word of no man, and no particular set of men, m
regard to such matters, when merely stated in
general terms.
I am not disposed at all to nlake an issue with
the Government, simply for asking an increase of
our military force. If that increase is necessary,
I am ready to vote for it. It makes no difference
to m<*what the amount is; if the exigencies of
-the State demand an increase of expenditure, in
any quarter, I am perfectly willing to take my
share of the responsibility of meeting it; but, with
the honorable Senator from Connecticut, I do not
believe there is a necessity for this increase, nor
do I approve of the use that has been made of the
Army, or that I believe will be made of it.
Allusion has been made to the useof the Army
in Kansas for the purpose of executing the laws.
Sir, I have never yet been able to understand that
the President had the slightest right to use any
portion of the Army there in that way. I know
the power is claimed, and it is claimed under an
act giving the President authority to use the
Army of the United States in cases where he
might use the militia for certain purposes; but
that power never extended to the Territories, and
does not extend to the Territories now, by exist-
ing laws.
Mr. PUGH. The statute of 1807extends to the
Territories.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The statute does not extend to them, as I
understand it. That construction can only be
made out by implication, and not by any neces-
sary or strong implication either. I am disposed
to agree with the honorable Senator from Georgia
in the statement which he made the other day,
that our ancestors were jealous of allowing the
President to use the Army for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws. I wish the people of the present
day were quite as jealous on that subject. Sen-
ators who are sensitive in relation to using the
Army for one purpose are not so sensitive in re-
gard to its use for other purposes.' I never yet
have been convinced—and I doubtwhether I can
be—that there is the slightest authority for using
the Army as it has been used in the Territory of
Kansas for the purpose of enforcing the laws of
Kansas.^ I know gentlemen have disputed this
proposition heretofore; but I must say, that to
me it is a new idea that the President may use
the Army to protect the polls in a territorial elec-
tion.
President Pierce held that there was no author-
ity in the Government, whatever, to undertake by
any demonstration of force to see that fair voting
was had in Kansas. President Buchanan seems
to be of a different opinion. I suppose the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi agrees with the
former President in opinion,as he was one of his
Cabinet, that the Government possesses no power
in such a case; but opinions seem to have changed
on thatsubject. I apprehend the change has been
owing to the fact that at that period the polls were
to be protected against a superior power, from
without the Territory; at the present time the polls
are to be protected against the majority of the
people of the Territory. That has made the change
m the views of the Government. Why, sir, it was
certainly so. The Senator will remember well,
and the Senate will remember well, that in one of
his messages President Pierce expressed a doubt
whether he could so use the Army, and he cer-
tainly never attempted to use the military force
of the country for the purpose of protecting the
polls in Kansas, or elsewhere.
We all know what the condition of things then
was. We did not get, I believe, even m the re-
port of the honorable chairman, who was then
Secretary of War, a direction to the military force
in that Territory to see that the polls were pro-
tected against invasion, either from abroad or at
home. Why? I will not say why, because it
would not become me to say why, or to give an
opinion or make an intimation on thatsubject;
but the fact was that at that particular period the
force outside of the Territory on the Missouri
border was very much stronger than the force
inside; and the polls, if they were to be protected
at all, were to be protected against those from
without the Territory who had taken possession
| of them Jay force, and shown their inclination and
, will and determination to take possession of them
j by force, whenever an election was held. Ihe
] times have^ changed within a very short period.
' The free-State force m the Tonitory of Kansas
i is very well able to protect itself now, and see
! that there is fair voting if left alone; and now it
. becomes necessary that the military arm of the
; Government should be used to protect the polls
i in Kansas! Sir, whether the change m the policy
of the Government is owing to the change of cir-
cumstances, is not for me to say, but the country
will judge for itself upon that subject.
I say, then, sir, seeing no reason, having heard
no pressing exigency, illustrated and enforced,
calling upon me to vcfte an increase to our expend-
iture of $10,000,000 in a time of peace and a time
of bankruptcy, by adding to the permanent force
of the Army, except loose suggestions and rec-
ommendations, unaccompanied by statements of
facts, unaccompanied by any detail as to the pro-
posed use, and therefore the proposed necessity,
tor this great increase of the Army, I must neces-
sarily not only vote for this amendment, or for
any other amendment which has a tendency to
limit and lessen the increase which is proposed,
but also against the bill in any shape in which it
may be presented.
JMr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there is never
any question.which embariasses me so much as
the propositions to increase the military power of
