1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
the Government of the United States, which are
continually moved here. The last reflection that
I am willing to endure is the one that any portion
of my countrymen shall suffer loss of pioperty
and life in the Territories of the United States,
owing to my refusal to make the Government
Strongenough toprotoct them. Therefore,look-
ing at the condition of things in the Territory of
Utah', having made up my mind that the difficul-
ties there are far more serious than Senators here
seem to think them to be—much more serious and
alarming than the honorable Senator who has
charge of this bill here, [Mr. Davis,] seems to
think—I am perplexed about the vote I shall give.
Sir, we are entering on anew experiment in the
government of a Territory. The Territory of
Utah stands out entirely distinct from the whole
line of our past experience. Our territories here-
tofore have been settled by our own country-
men; by men trained up under our own Con-
stitution; by men accustomed to the principles
and the habits of American republican society—
men educated to govern themselves, and maintain
their rights and liberties; and men also accus-
tomed by habit to submit with loyalty to the Fed-
eral Government in the exercise of its proper
jurisdiction over them—men whose religion and
whose morals have been derived from the same
source with our own—men in every way who
were-our brethren. These territories have prac-
tically been accessible to us; they have been ad-
jacent territories. Here we find a lodgment of a
band of men which has been expelled from the
heart of our country—cast out and rejected by its
civilization—equally intolerant of us and intoler-
able by ourselves—meu who have been driven to
hate, and not yet instructed by all their calami-
ties and experience to fear us. This body of the
settlers of Utah are men who have set up for
themselves another and peculiar religion. They
have gone back two thousand five hundred years,
and have set up a religion based upon the prin-
ciples of Judaism—a system repudiated not only
by ourselves, but repellent to the religious and
moral sense of all Christendom. s This commu-
nity, thus made to fly before us, has takfcn refuge
in passes of the Rocky Mountains, or in a region
encircled by the mountains, which, secures to
them fortifications such as military science never
yet has devised, or military art been able to con-
struct. I look at that band, and see the perpetual
increase of it by emigration from amongst our-
selves, and by emigration from European and
South American States; and I see in their religious
and political constitution two martial elements—
the elements of resistance to law and to author-
ity such as have never yet been successfully over-
come when combined: the one a lust of independ-
ence, of power,and dominion; and the other a reli-
gious license to the base passions of mankind.
This is the internal enemy which is lodged
within a Territory across the path which leads
from our Atlantic to our Pacific settlements. I
trust m God that the difficulties in which we are
placed with regard to these people will pass away
as easily and lightly as Senators seem to think.
I do not believe it. Whether the system of de-
fense or of war to which they shall resort shall
be that of open resistance, (for which I believe
they have the spirit, urged as they are by super-
stition and ambition, and by a spirit of retaliation,
which I believe they have tne power to exercise,)
or, practically, a guerrilla war on our people pass-
ing from that Territory, and our Army sent to
maintain order and authority there, I believe the
utmost vigilance on the part of the Government,
and the utmost energy, will be demanded; and
that seems to me to require, on the part of the
Legislature of the United States, some confidence
in, and liberality towards, the Administration
which has charge of so serious and important
a matter.
Sir, I have turned over in my own mind every
possible proposition, to see if, with thatlove'of
peace which is paramount to all others—if, with
a fear of a standing army, which is the strongest
constitutional principle 1 cherish, it is possible,
in any way, to accommodate this difficulty with
safety, with honor; and I have not been able to
find it.
Eight years ago, when that people was perfect-
ly contemptible in numbers, counting only eight
or ten thousand, the Government of the United
States, the Government of this Republic, this im-
perial power, instead of sending a loyal citizen
of the United States to exercise the administrative
power there, and instead of appointing judges
trained amongst ourselves, and being unable to
find any such in this wild and strange Judaic
population, humbled itself and placed the govern-
ment, the treasury, and the force of the Territo-
ry, in the hands of the chief of the high priests
of that religion. Ever since that time the United
States have stood in the Territory of Utah a Mor-
mon authority; the administration has been a
Mormon administration, foivit has exercised the
powers of government through the hands of the
chief of the Mormons. I have always been as-
sured of this, although I cannot say that I was
not misled with others, and gave my vote to
confirm the first appointmentof such a Governor.
Hut I have gone far enough in that direction. I
can go no further; and I do not see any reason to
believe that when we shall change that policy we
shall be able to maintain ourselves in Utah with-
out the demonstration of military force—and a
considerable one. I hope it may be demonstration
merely; and 1 believe that a strong demonstration,
if anything, will be more effective than the em-
ployment of an inferior force, which it maybe
hoped by the Mormons they can easily overcome
or weary out of the Territory.
But for this, I see no reason for increasing the
Army of the United States. I agree with all the
Senators on this side of the Chamber who have
expressed the opinion that the use of the Army
has been abused in the Territory of Kansas. I
wish to see no more of the employment of the
Army of the United States in preserving the pu-
rity of elections in the Federal capital. I wish
to see no more intervention by the Government
of the United States in the elections of the me-
tropolis of the State in which I live. I wish to
see no more expeditions of the naval or military
powers of the United States to enforce the execu-
tion of thefuguive slave law in the city of Boston.
But I cannot be content that disaster shall hap-
pen to that small band of men who are now rep-
resenting the United States, and hemmed in in
winter quarters, distant from every part of our
civilized country, in danger, and wasting away
by disease, for aught I know, or by Indian or
Mormon depredations deprived of their cattle and
of their forage. I cannotendure the thought that
I may possibly hear, at some not distant day, that
disaster has overtaken that small band.
Then I come back to the question. It must be
a military demonstration that shall be made. Why
shall it not be a force of volunteers? All the
political theories I ever studied and ever learned
commended to me the use of volunteers; and yet
I have given no vote here which I ever reflected
upon with so little satisfaction as I do the votes,
never withheld, to pay militia-men and volunteers
for maintaining the peace against Indians in Flor-
ida and in Georgia; and I look forward with little
satisfaction to the vote I shall be asked to give for
the payment of volunteers who have protected and
maintained public peace in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories. I believe it the most extravagant
and the most wasteful mode in which a country
can be defended. If I could only be guarantied
that there should be no abuse of armed power, I
would 'hen have no hesitation whatever in in-
creasing this force till it should be strong enough
to command respect even in the Rocky Mountains,
and to exact submission to the Constitution and
laws of the United States even from these apos-
tatizing Mormons.
Under these circumstances, it has seemed to
me that the line of my duty required me to pro-
pose an amendment explaining my views, though
it may not be in order to offer it now. This amend-
ment will contain the proposition that the officers
and men raised in this new levy, shall be occu-
pied only in and about the business of maintain-
ing the Constitution and laws in the Territory of
Utah; and when orderand acquiescence shall have
been established there, then that they shall be
disbanded. I hope that it may be accepted. If
it is, under all the circumstances in which I am j
placed, I shall be able to give my support to this i
measure, but not pledging myself against any I
further alterations to make it more acceptable to
the Senate. I ask that it be read now.
The Secretary read the amendment as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That such officers and men as
shall be enhated, or raised, undct tins act, shall be employed
only in the maintenance of the laws in the Territory of
Utah, or in maintaining ordei and tranquillity m case of dis-
turbances raised by the Indians, or in the movements con-
nected with those operations ; and when public order and
tranquillity shall have been established, all sueh forces so
enhsted or raised shall be discharged.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the fairness with
which the Senator from New York presents his
argument, and the clearness with which he views
this subject—and that is characteristic of him gen-
erally—induce me to hope that he will not press
his amendment after the very brief statement
which I propose to make. It is to limit the use
of the men, added to the Army by this bill, to
operations in Utah; but the bill proposes to in-
crease the size of companies; it proposes to add
to each regiment two companies. Does he not per-
ceive that it would be impossible, without breaking
up the whole organization, the whole system of
the administration of the Army, to send the men
added by this bill particularly to Utah, if the rest
of the companies to which they belong were sent
to service elsewhere ? It would be the separation
of privates from the company to which they be-
long; the separation of companies from the regi-
ments to which they belong. He must see that
it would be impracticable m the administration of
the Army. If there was a proposition to add an
integral part to the Army, as by the proposition
recommended by the President and Secretary of
War,and the commanding General of the Army,
to increase the force by five regiments, those five
regiments might be sent to Utah, and disbanded
at the end of tho troubles in Utah; but the Senator
must see that it is impossible that his proposition
can be executed as the bill stands. I hope there-
fore that he will either modify his proposition so
as to suit the character of the bill, or abandon it
altogether. I am sure no one more readily than
himself will see the justice of the objection which
I present.
1 listened with attention to the remarks of the
Senator from Maine, and I must say they were,
characterized by more ingenuity than fairness
His ingenuity was displayed in the first instance
by denying the right to use the troops in the
Territory, and yet his pride of opinion as a law-
yer required him to say that it might be drawn
by implication. But, sir, it is in the terms of the
law specifically granted. It was the act to which
I referred as being that in which Congress, re-
laxing somewhat from the jealousy with which
they viewed the standing Army and Navy,agreed
that they might be used, as it had been previously
provided the militia of the country might be em-
ployed by the President of the United States.
The act approved March 3, 1801, is:
'• That m all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to tho
1 i\v.-,eithei of the United States, or of any individual State or
Territory, where it is lawful for the President of the United
^tutes to call tortli the milma for the purpose of suppress-
ing such iiisuirection, or ol cau-mgtho laws to be duly ex-
ecuted, it shall l)e lawful for him to employ, for tho sanw
purposes, such p,ut of the land or naval force of the United
Htates as shall be judged necessary, having fir t observed
till the prei equities of the hiw in that lespect."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him, as he is arguing
that question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand that stat-
ute, it simply changes the instrumentality. All the
effect of the statute is this: where the President
had power by law before to use the militia, by
that law ho is authorized to use the Army. I
think it ^oes no further.
Mr. DAVIS. I saw the ingenious construction
which the Senator put upon tho law, and it is, of
course, with great hesitation that 1 differ with
him in its construction; but the language does not
sustain him. Itprovides forthc use of the Army
" in all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to
the laws, eitherof the United States, orof any in-
dividual State or Territory, where it is lawful for
the President of the United States to calf forth tho
militia/'
It is givin? him additional means. He pre-
viously had the power to use the militia. The
statute refers specifically to the laws of a Terri-
tory; and surely that reference to the laws of a
Territory makes it more than an implication
that the powers granted to maintain the peace
within the States are extended also to-the Ter-
ritories of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If thcSenator will excuse
me, I will state, in a very few scntcwces, precisuly
