1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of William Walker—Mr. Hawkins,
Ho. of Reps.
Walker and his men, will yet be redressed by our
Government, and full justice done them.
The distinction between citizens of this coun-
try fitting out military expeditions against other
countries, and emigrants, is to be found in the
animus manendi and the animus revertendi—the
mind of remaining in that other country, or the
mind of returning to this. Where there is the
mind of returning, it is an offense against the so-
called neutrality act. Where the mind is to em-
igrate, to remain and take his chances, it is law-
ful; it is a right, an estimable right, one of which
he cannot beconstitutionallydeprived. If our cit-
izens have not this right, we are worse off than
the Irish under Buush rule. Whenever I am
satisfied that I am wrong in this, and that we be-
long to the Executive; that he can send after us,
and run us down, and catch us, and bring us
back, I shall do my best to revolutionize my
Government; I shall despise its principles, and
defy its power. From the capture of Walker,
such would seem to be the President's view. I
hope by this time he has taken the second sober
thought.
That Paulding acted within his instructions ig
too manifest to admit of doubt. To prevent the
expedition, why order a vessel " to the Island of
Chiriqui, where it was thought they would ren-
dezvous ?" Was it, if her commander found fili-
busters on it, to look at them and sail off? Was it
to lie around and prevent their getting off, and
starve them tr> death ? Why order aship "to skirt
along: the coasts of Honduras?" Suppose hercom-
mander saw the filibusters setting on the coasts,
was he to sail off and leave them {here ? Why order
him " to look in at Blewfield Inlet?" Was it to
grin at them, if found; expecting that j like Captain
Scott's coon, they would give in?
Was there duplicity in the Presidentin this mat-
ter? When the South complained, he said Pauld-
ing " committed a grave error." When the North
and the British rejoiced, why, then, the organs
sftid " the President, in Walker's capture, had in-
augurated a policy." This was wrong. The Pres-
ident has read the old Scriptures to some profit.
The Jews had a ceremony of bringing up a goat
once a year; and the High Priest, putting the
sins of the people and himself upon him by lay-
> ing his hands upon his head, sent him away to
the mountains. lie was called the scape-goat.
The President saw the force of the ceremony. He
always has one at hand. When pressed to the
wall by the illegality of the seizure, he puts his
hand on Paulding; he " committed a grave error."
Now, let us have it one way or the other. If
Paulding did it, let " the policy inaugurated" be
Paulding's; quit flattering the President. One of
the evils of all Governments is the " dogs that eat
the crumbs which fall from tlieirmaster's table."
It requires a strong mind to appreciate their
meanness and despise them. All men love the
" flattering unction." A wise man, however,
while he listens, will not be seduced. Sometimes
he will learn his own folly by the very excess of
the adulation. It is thought by some good judges
that the,President's tabic is well attended.
I have no time to enter into detail upon my
third and last resolution. It will not be denied.
That it has been violated, no right-minded man j
can doubt. The slave of a faction, who despises '
truth if it conflicts with gain, can give some ex-
cuse as a plausible pretext, for any injustice, yea,
for crime; the love of liberty for assassination.
Our foreign policy is marked out in the Cincin-
nati platform. Let us have courage to stand up
to that. If we have not, let us strike it out. ;
The Monroe doctrine, which is to be "adhered ;
to' with unbending rigidity," does not require any
acquisition of territory, it does not require any 1
interference with the commerce of foreign countries
on this continent. It does not prevent individual
emigration to any portion of it. It does not re-
quire any protectorate of this Government over
any of its Governments or territories. It does
say, however, that European Governments shall not
plant their old, decayed systems of kingcraft and
priestcraft upon it. • Upon our northern border,
Great Britain has planted lier "lords temporal
and her lords spiritual."
It is said the policy of giving Canada a prince
of " royal blood" is now being agitated. We do
not, by the Monroe doctrine, propose to interfere
with that; but we do, if she or any other Power
undertakes to do so on our southern border. Our
true policy is to use the power of this Government
to keep these countries free from foreign rule,
and to let them fill up with justsuch immigrants as
may seek homes there. Under this policy, our
element of population will naturally soon predom-
inate. Its contiguity, and the energy and enter-
prise of our people, will, if let alone, settle it in
our favor. The Irish and Dutch, and general for-
eign immigration, when not carried on by the Gov-
ernments for purposes of colonization, sympa-
thize with our people and institutions, rather than
their own. Well regulated Governments in these
southern Republics, with American sympathies,
are as much, or more, to be desired by us than
any extensive annexations. I do not include Cuba
in these remarks. She fills the mouth of the Gulf,
upon which a number of the States of the Union
border. She also commands the mouth of the
Mississippi river, which is the great artery from
the heart of the Republic. Cuba ought to be
subject to our jurisdiction. It is natural and
just that it should be. The guarantee of it by
France and England to Spain was an appeal to
our fears. Central America is wholly discon-
nected. ft occupies no such relation. It may or
may not become necessary to own a part of her
territory. That is not the question. Shall we
permit European countries to colonize it, to gov-
ern it, as England does the East Indies, thereby
bringing her power to bear to control the will of
the people and the destiny of the country? Shall
she send a prince of the blood to rule her colony?
The Democracy of this country say not, in their
platform. If it is too weak in the knees to stand
up to it, let us take it out. Let us not make our-
selves ridiculous by vaporing.
The British, m the face of our declared policy,
proceed to take possession of the best harbor on
the coasts of Honduras, and form her colony at
the Balize. She then proposes to negotiate, that
we should take vnne, if she will take no more.
We never proposed to takfc amj. at anytime. We
said, those countries should be free from foreign
domination. That insolent Power, that never took
up her foot where she had put it down, unless she
was made to do it, unfurled the flag of her domin-
ation in the tropics; and for arguments as to its
rectitude, showed her " war dogs" in their ken-
nels, in her three-deckers. While she knows full
well the spirit of our people, she understands eqxially
well the cow age of our rulers. She knows they
will not fight unless the danger is greater in the
rear than in the front. She catches our vessels m
the Gulf, hauls them to, examines and lets off the
craft when the humor suits her. If we say any
thing, " Mylord" isready " to negotiate." Any
day, no man in the Republic would be astonished
to learn that she had treated for Yucatan, for
Vera Cruz, or half of the Mexican Republic.
For myself, I hope she may. I do not doubt we
shall have her to fight, or to her govern the Car-
ibbean sea and Central America.
I am not fond of fighting, individually or na-
tionally. When I am satisfied it must be done,
however, I think the best way is to have it over.
A fight is sometimes prevented by rendering palpa-
ble you are ready. It may be so with the British.
While they are a brave, they are also a considerate
people. A serious conflict nowwith the United
States would develop the greatest naval and mili-
tary Power in the world. I know Fiiigland's
advantages at the beginning of the strife—her
trained soldiers, her thousand battle-ships, her
immense steam power. I know how, temporarily,
we should suffer; but how would my country rise
with the strife 1 As Young America smarted under
his blows, how would he learn wisdom from ad-
versity! What a Power our country is, if the j
emergency should arise to rouse her energies/ Eng- j
land is old. Her rulers, wise and valorous, are j
wanting in vigor and skill. Her capacity to pay I
is stretched to its utmost tension. The slightest!
shock to her credit, and it would vanish forever. 1
Her supplies are drawn from this country. Her I
commerce lives upon it and by it. She would be |
troubled for fighting men as well as means. ;
How different the condition ef this country! !
Growing in vigorous youth, free from debt, full j
of men for soldiers and seamen, and able to pro- j
cure recruits, exhaustlcss recruits, from almost  
every land, capable of building in a few years a
navy as large as that of .Great Britain, for a sum
equal to two years' interest upon the public debt
of that country, who could doubt the result? In
full view of all the resources of the two countries,
comprehending, as far asj may be able, all the
consequences of a collision, I do not-beheve that
England can survive the struggle. But that is
immaterial. Let us take down our colors or fight.
The consequences of war are terrible*,'I know;
but if England will undertake, in defiance of ou-r
policy, to colonize Central America, and police
American seas, let it come. Let us maintain our
policy orsink the last ship in the American Navy,
and exhaust our forests m building new ones.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
SPEECH OF HON. G. S. HAWKINS,
OF FLORIDA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union— *
Mr. HAWKINS said:
Mr. Chairman: I am aware that anything sa-
voring of animadversion upon the conductof Com-
modore Paulding, in his rccont capture of William
Walker, is not calculated to find much sympathy
or favor with manymember's of this House; but,
animated by a sincere desire for the attainment of
truth and justice, I shall not permit my opinions
or conduct to be swayed either by popular clamor
or public applause; and the violenttirades igainst
! Walker, or fulsome adulation of Paulding, are,
! to me, matters of supreme indifference, exercis-
ing no influence or control over or upon me.
The event that has given occasion for this dis-
cussion is numbered among the things that were;
hut, it has brought with it an involution of prin-
ciples of the highest importance—principles em-
bracing questions of national and international
law—and, as such, is entitled to the most serious
consideration.
At the outset, Mr. Chairman, I will simply re-
mark, I am no filibuster, nor have I much sym-
pathy with any expeditions gotten up in this coun-
try m derogation of its laws, its policy, and its
duty towards other countries. They contravene
our own municipal regulations, and are utterly
subversive of the law of nations—a law based
upon principles of that eternal justice implanted
by the Creator in Ml moral and social creatures,
upon the golden rule and the implied assent of
mankind. The present laws for their suppres-
sion—the neutrality acts of 3818—are certainly
sufficiently stringent and severe; but as long as
they remain upon the statute-book, let obedience
be yielded to them; but a state of things may arise
when either they should be repealed, or power
and discretion given to the Executive to suspend
their operation.
As to William Walker, I confess I have but
small faith in the star of " the gray-eyed man of
destiny,"for itshines dimmed and pale, receiving
or boirowing no luster from his civic or miiitaiy
talents. That he possesses uncommon personal
courage, force of will, and firmness under diffi-
culties, there is no doubt; but these attributes of
character appear unaccompanied by the requisite
knowledge of the art of war, the gift of gaining the
affections of his troops, and the enforcement of a
salutary discipline, save by acts of extreme and
probably unnecessary severity. He peimitted
himself to be overreached by a coup de main of the
Costa Ricans, thereby losing the command of the
San Juan and the lake; and being deprived of these
points, he was unable to receive succors through
these channels, or make a successful retreat. He
allowed himself to be involved in a controversy
with the Transit Company, which became one of
the leading causes of his failure; and instead of
using his power in the name and through the
agency of others, who were not likely to enkindle
the local jealousy of the people of the isthmus, he
committed a serious error m assuming the iema
of government.
Whilst making these strictures, however, I am
free to admit that his greatest errors were his mis-
fortunes; for he went not forth like Napoleon,
