1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
at six per cent, would bo nearly three times as
much as he got in the shape of profit.
Mr. HOUSTON. Who was he?
Mr. DOWDELL. Mr. Smithson.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I do not know what
profit Mr. Smithson or any of the others made
out of these tiansactions; but I do know that there
is no law authorizing the payment of these claims.
But let us examine for a moment into the merits of
some of these cases. Take, for instance, the case
of Mr. Buck. Under this resolution of the House
he gets between four and five thousand dollars;
and for what, Mr. Chairman ? He gets ii for doing
a part of his duties, and nothing more. He is an
officer of this House. He is one of your clerks,
and gets, by this bill, between four and five thou-
sand dollars, under the pretense of making out a
particular document, which it is the duty of tile
Clerk to make out and submit to the House, and
for which he has already been paid very liberally.
He will receive by this hill tins amount, for doing
no more than the law requires him to do, and
which has been required of the Clerk of the House
for many years. 1 do not think my colleague can
stand that.
But again: take the case of Mr. Barclay. He
will receive, under this bill, between five and six
thousand dollars extra compensation; and what
is it for? What services has he rendered to en-
title him to this extra compensation? I do not
pretend to say he is not a good officer. 1 am not |j
assailing these officers at ail. I am only talking jj
about the principle involved. 1 ask why,and for l|
what, do you vote to give him this lar^sum of |
money? Simply because he is a good officer and I;
clever gentleman. Now, so far as the perform- i
ance of his duties is concerned, he has done no !
moie than the law required lnm to do, anil for
which he receives a liberal salary. Then, if you ;
give it to him merely as a mattei of gratuity to a !
elever gentleman, I can tell you that if you will
establish the practice of giving §5,00CMo every j
clever gentleman, you can exhaust the Treasury J
of the country in my district alone, and not get ;
half through giving to the clever gentlemen I have jl
the honor to repiesent. !'
Mr. D0W13ELL. The last House of Repre-
sentatives directed the payment of these accounts. .
The officers had gone on and paid a portion of
the amount. Mr. Barclay received a portion of
his account. This bill is intended to protect the
officer of the House from loss in acting under tile
order of the House. It, is not whether Mr. Bar-
clay, or any other, is entitled to the money, but
whether the House will protect an officer who has
acted ill good faith under an order of the House,
and prevent him from suffering loss. [
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am sorry that my friend ^
has taken up all of my time. I wanted to reply j
to what he has just said, ami show that it has no i
application to the question involved in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, ol'Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I .
am not disposed to cavil at appropriations do- ;
manded by the necessities of the country. I think
it is the duty of Congress, however, carefully to
guard their appropriations from misapplication,
and luni-t them strictly to the necessary expenses
of the Government. In my judgment, our Gov-
ernment has departed from its original policy m
tne appropriation of money more than in any-
thing 'else. And one objection I have to this side
of the House, as a political party, is, thatwe have
been too free in the expenditure of money. We
have yielded too much to the demands of the Ad-
ministration. We were at fault, i think, in the
hist Congress in not watching more carefully, and
restricting the expenditures of this Government.
We have been abused for it over and over again.
Although we did not appropriate one cent more
than lied been asked for by the Executive, yet for
tins libeidhty we have been abused day after day.
This morning's Union, the Administration organ,
contains a homily on the subject. After charg-
ir.o- us with assenting to all the extravagance of
this Administration, it warns us to give a ready
assent to this new demand.
Mr. Chan man, during the last session of Con-
giess we appropriated for the Army, for one year,
the sum of $19,001),000, and now we are askt d
fo>- the additional sum of ,923,000; making m
all over ^27,000,000 for the support of the Army
of the United States for one year. I have been
looking into the mattur to see what arc the items
of this alleged deficiency. Looking at the bill
before us, I can find but few detailed items. I find
one single appropriation of §5,000,000 for twenty
or thirty different objects. I desired to know how
much was needed for each item, and inquired of
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means
where I could get them, and he referred me to
Miscellaneous Document No. 22. From that I am
unable to find some of the items. The large sum
of near eis^ht million dollars is made up of various
items of deficiency, part of which accrued before
the 30th of June last, when this fiscal year com-
menced; $1,228,679 31 now asked for in this bill,
is to supply deficiencies which occurred during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June last. Why
was riot this deficiency, which must in a great
measure have accrued before the last Congress
adjourned, brought to its notice, and an appro-
priation asked?
Mr. PIIELPS. The gentleman inquires why
this information was not furnished to the last
Congress ? The gentleman is mistaken in his cal-
culation, or he would not make the inquiry. The
last Congress adjourned the 3d of March, 1857. At
that time, as I had occasion the other day to re-
mark, the appropriations were made for the oidi-
nar y service of the Army, and it was not decided
that an expedition should be fitted out for Utah.
The gentleman is himself aware of this fact.
There was no estimate submitted for sending*any
portion of the Army to the Territory of Utah.
There was a change of Administration in March,
and it was left for the present Administration to
determine what policy it was necessary to pur-
sue towards the people of Utah. The order was
given by this Administration for the march to
Utah, and the troops were started before the ex-
piration of the last fiscal year. 1 hope Lhis is bat-
i&factory.
I Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The answer is such
: as I expected. Congress adjourned on the 4th of
March, and the fiscal year expired on the 30th of
June last. The gentleman tells us that this was
because the new Administration deteimined upon
the Utah expedition.
Mr. PHELPS. I sav the greater part.
| Mr. SIIEUMAN, of Ohio. A part, then, ac-
; crued before Congre-ss adjourned, and why were
! we not informed of it? and what light or power
i had tin1 Picsident to involve thr country 111 this
' expedition without authority of Congiess, and
! when intelligent men of all parties believe that
; the expedition could have been avoided by ser.d-
1 mg eommissionei s and proper territorial officers.
< Lleve u another question winch gentlemen will
i find it diificult to answer. 1 see, among others,
| the large item of $129,^0 for incidental expenses.
1 What are those expenditures ? 1 have looked into
i the document, and X find in the appropriations for
i the last fiscal year §350.000 for incidental ex-
' penses. The expenditute amounted to^>479,b60,
j making, as it will be seen, a large deficiency. The
| document to which I have been leterred, tails to
t answer what bos been done with tins money.
! How do we know whether this laige sum has
i been pi opei ly expended and for whatr Nearly a
Ij half million for incidental expenses, connected
with auaitermaster's department, and yet neither
.! the committee nor the executive documents can
jj give us the items. We are all called on to vote
i! tins money in the dark.
Here, sn , aie other deficiencies in the last fiscal
year, of ^70,000, on account of regular supplies,
jl consisting of fuel, forage, &c.; another, on ac-
i! count of barracks and quarters, $G7,0()U; and still
'■ another, on account of Army transportation,
$751,000. Here is an item of three fourths of a
million dollars, in reference to which we have no
detailed inf.umaUon. When we ask the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means m i egard to them, we
are referred to a document which gives us no light
on the matter. Now, sn, before we appropriate
a dollar of money, we should know precisely
where the money has gone or is to go. J ho ex-
ecutive branch of the Government has alteauy
nearly swallowed up all otheis; and not only so,
when we attempt to restrain it witlun constitu-
tional limits, it treats us with mdiUereiice. As an
example, to whichl call the attention of the House,
I will refer to a letter from the Secretary ot the
Treasury—and I have a great respect fin mm per-
sonaily—in which he confesses to what he and ail
of us must confess to be, a violation of the law,
and makes no apology for it. By the general ap-
propriation bill, passed March 3,1855, $20,000
was appropriated for the legislative expenses of
the Territory of Kansas, and for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1856; the Administration took,the
money and expended it in the fiscal year-of 1857.
This was a violation of law; and^ if the example
is to be followed, will change the character of.our
Government. I will ask the Clerk to read the
letter of the Secretary.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department, March 5, 1858.
Sir: I transmit herewith a statement fiom the Register
of the Treasury, showing the amount paid out ol the Treas-
ury duiing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, fortho com-
pensation and mileage o{" the members of the Legislative
Assembly of theTemtoiy of Kansas and for other expenses
offc.au! body, per act of Match 3,18,35, as requested in a res-
olution of "the House of ilepresentatives adopted Match 1,
1858.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
HOWELL COBB,
Secretaiy of the Treasury.
I] on. Jamfs L. Orr, Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, U. S.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, March 3, 1858.
! Sir: I have the honor to state, m compliance with the
| resolution of the House of Representatives of the 1st instant,
! referied to thi-5 office, that during the fiscal year ending June
! yo, ltf.}7, the:e was paid out of the appropriation " for the
i compensation and mileage of member's of the Leffisiativfi
: Assembly, officer*, clerks, and contingent expenses o: the
I Assembly of the Territory ot Kansas," per aet of March 3,
| 18«w, lor the lineal year ending June 30, 1856, viz:
i To Daniel Woodson, Secretaiy §5.889 64
j To Fiederick P. Stanton,Secretary  3,885 80
j Li the settlement of the account of Daniel Woodson he
; \va«i allowed the sum of .^10,1^9 foi expenses incuned at
I the ce^ion of the Leai«lative Assembly, commencing Janu-
! aiv 12, .tnd ending Fehrumy 2!>, 1857; all of which was paid
! out ot the said apptopriation ; part of which was advanced
: to the paid Woods-oil duting the fiscal year ending June 30,
j IPofi. No account of Frederick P. Stanton in relation to
| these e.\pendituie ha* been received in this office.
i am, very respectfully, your obedient seivant
; F. BIGGER, Register.
' Hon. IIowell Cobb, Sccrctary of the Ttcawry.
\ Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Now,Mr. Chair-
i man.thatcommumcationshows thisstateof facts:
! that on the 3d of March, 1855, Congress appropri-
ated £20,000 for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
i 1056; and that after this Administration came into
1 power on the 4th of March last, money was paid
j out of that appiopriation into the hands of Sec-
j retary Stanton for disbursement in the Territory
of Kansas. Not only was that money paid in an
J entirely different fiscal year from the one for which
; It was appropriated, but it was done in known
I violation of, and in opposition to, the action of
I Congress, because Congress diieetly,in terms, and
! after1much controversy, refused to make any ap-
i propriation for a Legislative Assembly in Kansas;
and yet the balance of an old appropriation for a
' past fiscal year is so applied.
Now, if the executive officers can do these
S thm s, and can do them without even deeming
them worthy of an apology to Congress, what is
the use of Congress5 Why not take the_ unex-
pended balance of all the various appropriations
under laws of Congress and apply it to carry on
the Utah expedition! Why come here and ask
us for money if we have no power to limit the
appropriations ? If they can take the money ap-
propriated for one year and apply it for the sei-
vice of another year, why bring in a deficiency
bill at all? Why not lump all that may be needed
m one bill, without items and without particular-
| ity ? I allude to this for the purpose of showing
I that we ought to require of the executive officers
I a rigid conformity to law in the exoendituio of
! moneys.
I As 1 said before, I am willing to vote for any
I approonation bill that 1 think is right; but before
! I vote'for this bill, I want some member of the
'Committee of Ways and Means to infoini me
| what bio tin- items which compose this sum of
; £12:1,000? What does it mean ? 1 asked one mem-
i ber of the c >mmiUee, and h? said he had no in-
! formation on the subject, except what is to be
| found in an executive document. Now, in my
j judgment, the Committee of Ways and Means
' ought to be able to tell us what the items consist
of. We ought to have them in detail. But with-
out giving us the items, they tell us it is for a de-
ficiency. I, sir, cannot vote for any bill making
appropriations, unless the committee that repoits
it can give the specific items that make up the ag-
I. gregatc sum. _
j i Mr. Chairman, there is another tiling in regard
i! to this bill. It is idle for any one to look on the
