1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mc. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no fault to
find with the Chair.
1 will state, with the permission of the Chair,
that a new rule has been adopted in the Commit-
tee of the Whole House. The Speaker not being
here all the time, of course cannot be expected to
know it. There are some bills agreed to be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that they do pass, with the understand-
ing that a separate vo.te shall be taken on each,
and that that separate vote shall be taken by yeas
and nays. This bill for the relief of William
Heine is one of them. At first, I thought I had
renewed the objection to it when objection was
withdrawn, and that it was not laid aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man withdrew his objection on the understanding
that there should be a separate vote.
Mr. GOODE. I wish to say that the rule re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Tennessee, is a
new rule, adopted in committee by his suggestion.
The SPEAKER. Separate votes will be taken
on the bills which have been indicated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move a suspension of the rules? j
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is j
now acting under the previous question. j
The following bills, upon which separate votes S
were not required, were then ordered to be en- !|
grossed, and read a third time; and being en- jj
grossed, they were accordingly read the third
time,and passed: :■
A bill (No. 229) for the relief of Samuel Good- '
rich, jr.; j
A bill (No. 238) for the relief of the heirs of
Richard Tarvin;
A hill (No. 239) for the relief of Ziua Williams; ■
A bill (No. 258) for the relief of Augustus J.
Kuhn; \
A bill (No. 267) for the relief of Timothy L.
O'Kcefee, of Missouri;
A bill (.No. 269) for the relief of Du\id Etuce;
and i
A bill (No. 321) for the relief of John B Roper. ■■
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re- I
consider the vote by which the House bills above 1'
reported were passed; and also moved to lav the ■:
motion to rcconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. .
MARY BENNETT.
The SPEAKER. The following bills have;!
been reported from the committee, with amend-
ments: 1
A bill (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Mary ;■
Bennett.
The SPEAKER. The committee report that j.
that bill be amended by striking out the words, ,
"the said 15 th day of June, 1855," and to insert ,■
in lieu thereof, the words " commencing with
the passage of this act;" so that the pension, in- P
stead of running back, would commence when ■;
the act was passed.
The amendment was concurred in. I
The bill, as amended, was ordered to_ he en- ■
grossed and read a third time; and being en - ^
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tune, .
and passed.
SYLVANUS BURN1IA3I. ^
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief ofSylvanus ,j
Jjitrnham. h
The SPEAKER. The Committee oftheWhole
House recommends the passage of that bill with ;j
two amendments: to strike out the word "War"
nnd insert in lieu thereof the word "Inteiior,"
so that the Secretary of the Interior shall be di-1|
iccted to place the name of Syivanus Burnham >
upon the pension roll: and to strike out the words
" 14th day of November, 3850," end to insert in
lieu thereof " the passage of this act," so as to
provide that the pension shall commence at the ,
passage of the act.
The amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to he en- ,,
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed. ;
THOMAS PHENIX, JR. j,
A bill (S? No. 102) for the relief of Thomas !,
Phcnix, -jr.   !i
The SPEAKER. The CommittceoftlieWhole lj
House recommend the passage of that bill. _
The bill was ordeicd to be read a thud time; '!
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to reconsider the
votes by which the last three bills were passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SICKLES. If the House should now ad-
journ, will not the remaining bills come up as the
first business in order on Monday morning ?
The SPEAKER. They will.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion until I ask leave of the House
for the withdrawal of certain papers.
Mr. SICKLES. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
JOHN WORK.
On motion of Mr. REAGAN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdiawal from
tlje tiles ot the House of" the papeis in the ca-se o! John
Work, and other.-, applying I'oi additional compensation to
certain assistant Mir^eons in the United States Aim\, for
the purpose ot pte.sentinu them in the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Separate votes have been
asked on the four following bills; and if there be
no objection, the question on their engrossment
and third reading; will be put on them together:
A bill (Jrl. R. No. 277) for the relief of Mary
Boyle;
A bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of A. Bau-
douin and A. D. Roberts;
A bill (H. It. No. £70) for the relief of Mary-
ett. Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Von Buskirk,
deer,iset!, late of Be igen county, New Jersey; and
A bill (H. R. No. y-24) to allow the le^al rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones five years' lull pay
m lieu of half pay for life.
There was no objection; and the bills were or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third tune; and
being engrossed, they were accordingly severally
?ead the thud time.
Mr. PHILLIPS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
mary boyle.
The question was first on the bill (II. R. No.
27'/) for the relief of Mary Boyle.
Mr. JEWETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll, but
was interrupted by
Mr. SICKLES. How many bills are there
upon which separate votes have been called?
The SPEAKER. Four.
Mr. SICKLES. If the demand for the yeas
and nays could be withdrawn, we could take a
vote by division in a short time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. !f was understood
that we were to have the yeas and nays upon
these hills.
Mr. SICKLES. Then I move (half past five
o'clock) that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKEIL The Chair cannot entertain
the motion, inasmuch as a response has been
made on the call of the yeas and nay?;.
The question was takotr, and it Vv.us decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 3:2; aw follows:
VC Mc.-r?. Abbott, Anderson, P.dhiiL'huiv-l. Hins-
h.un, Bi-lmp, UUri. Howie, Diayion, hufiinton. lUului-
g-iuic. <Ja?e, Cavanausih, Unatiee. dawson, Clfam'n-.. John
('oohiano, Cockeiill, Coila\, Connn?, CovmJe. Co,\, James
VCiuti*-, iKv:d-on. Dav:-= 01 .Ma*,-at'hii-soli^. Davi-, ot
low a, J)awes, Dean, Duilec, Kenton. Florence. J 'oley, fos-
ter, Gilman.'(iilr.ie), (iooeli, Goodwin, Gtan^ei, Green-
wood, Giej* . G.ow. Dawrcnee W Uall, Jl.uIan, II uvkms
IToiton, liiiL'iie,;, ilnvler, Jewctt, Keller, Kilirorf\ Knapp,
Leit.'i, Lovejoy, Mafteson. iUajnard, Morgan, Daae i\.
.Motile. Oliver A. Mor-e, Murray, J'ahncr, I'arkei. i'etnt,
William VvT. Phelps. J'jke, I'ottei, Powell, Fu> \ in nee,
Ueillj, Lloh-it^, Koyeo. tfandidpe, tfeotl, Sewaal. Aaron
Shaw, Shoitei, Robert Smith, VVjlhant Smith. Spinner,
Stanton, Jnui^ A. ^tcwaii, VViiham r?LewnrJ, G> my;,.' Tay-
lor. Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, W\"!ibi<d<jo,
Waldron, Walton, ("adwaiader C. W<t>hbmn, Mihn Is.
U'aishbunie. Israel Wa-hhuin, Wilson, Win-iou, Wood-
son, and Autfu-Uis U. Wn'jrhf
NAYtf —Moi-M--. Anrliew-,, Atknn. Aven, Bon!jam,
Ca.-kie, John )> Clai k, Cobb, (hawioid, Di'Vk- of Didi;ma,
Davis of lYIi-'-i-iMpp]. Dodd, <>a<nctt, Goodc, Dop-
km-, Ibm-ten, GiMi-y1 V1'. 'one*-, J Glancy Joi.r^.O^en
Jones. Letchet. ^Idi.-on, Pendleton, Peyton. Pmfhn , <luit-
iiiau, IhtehiO, Kaam. tieale--. Henry M. bikuv, \liJCo a\iy-
loi, WatKiu^, aud vv'oiteadi ke
So the bill was passed.
Mi. CHAFFEE. I move to rcconsidcr the
vote by which the bill was passed; and'also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississi ppi. I move to be ex-
cused from further attendance here to-day. As
a six o'clock man, I desire to absent myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion, as the House is acting under the op-
eration of the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I shall take
the liberty to go anyhow.
MARYETT VAN BUSKIRIt.
The next bill upon which a separate vote had
been asked was a bill (H R. No. 276) for the re-
lief of Maryett Van Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van
Buskirk, deceased, late of Bergen county, New
Jersey. -
Mr, LETCHER. I would like unanimous con-
sent to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Taylor,] in connection with
that bill. [Cries of "Goon!"] Is it true that
the bill will require $115,684 56 to discharge it?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. 1 have not es-
timated the amount. The amount of the bill is
$20,367, with interest.
Mr. LETCHER. Read the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Maryett Van Buskirk,
out of any moneys in theTroasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $20,3(37 principal, to-
gether with interest from the 1st of January, 3780,
in full payment for the claim for forage) grain,
cattle, and other supplies furnished to the Amer-
ican army by the late Thomas Van Kuskirk, de-
ceased, of Bergen county, New Jersey, during
the revolutionary war.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, (if New York. If the House
will allow me, I will read two of the certilicates
upon which this claim is founded:
n^ro'-n. Ni w Jersey, Fcbrvnrxf J9, 1778.
Thorn*!* Van Ku*!:>ik, Jwj , of Pai aniin, has contributed
voiunraul.v cattle, hot so.-', 21 am, floui. forage, and cloth, for
the public M*ivic«', 10 the \nluc o! for wtur-h t!u  w
liw claim upon Confess with mteic.t. to he paid in hard
money. ^ ANTHONY WAY MB.
Hri^adicr General United States Army.
P4.ra.m1 s, New JrKbtY. December,
[Date uncertaui. b 'jnn defa'-ed, 1777 01 1770,]
f entity that Thomas Van Hu-knk has s-upphed She
American'aimy with hecve«, three horses, foiage, flour,
and othei ranclo*, to the sum of $1 .;J.3t), for which the Cou-
jne>& of the Ihiued States is ehaiseable in sr-peeie currency,
and inteieit navablc in like manner. v
'I'DDMAS MTFFLTN",
Quartermaster General United Stats';
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the ori-
ginal certificates are lost, and that these are only
copies.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. There are gen-
tlemen in the House who have had the onpinals.
These are only two out of thirteen certificates
upon file.
Mr. LETCHER. T wish to inquire what is the
dillW'enec between this and a continental loan >
Mi. RITCHIE. 1 dehire to know the reason
why these certificates were not funded under the
act of Congress authorizing the funding of the
national debt >
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik. I should be
very glad to answer the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I also desire to
inquire whether information was sought from any
Executive Department of this Government in re-
lation tu this claim, and whether they could throw
any light upoirit ;
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Information
was sought from every souiee, but none could be
found except that contained in the papers upon
file in the committee-room. The certificates' which
are said to be lost, the gentleman frovn P^miAyl-
vama [Mr. Ritcuji.J had in his hands test ses-
sion .
Mr. RITCHIE. I have no recollection of it.
It may be so, but I do not remember u.
QUESTION OF ORDER.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to rail
the attention of the House to the fact that upon
the call of yeas and nays upon the adjournment,
after the committee found itself without a quorum,
the Cleik made a mistake of ten volts in counting
