462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Arrest of William Walker—Mr. Hawkins.
Ho. of Reps.
accompanied by the goddess of Fortune as well as
the god of War; and if he had been successful,
he would have ranked with Bolivar and other de-
liverers of their country from oppression; but as
it was, he had to learn, in the language of a Brit-
ish statesman, that—
s( A successful resistance is a revolution, not a rebellion.
Rebellion, indeed, appears on tho back of a flying euomy;
but revolution flames on the breast-plate of the victonous
warrior 51
In his* first most extraordinary expedition, I
felt a deep interest not only in the??i<m, who, after
being invited to Nicaragua by one of the two par-
ties contending for the mastery—those of Cha-
morro and Castillon—accepted the call, and, ac-
companicd by only fifty-six followers, fought
battles successfully, and within a year after his
advent was elected, almost unanimously, Presi-
dent of the country; but I feltanequal interest in
the success of a cause by which the masses of that
region might be relieved from oppression of all
kinds in time of peace, and the horrors incident
to interminable and bloody wars, i felt, sir, that
there was a prospect of American progress in one
of the finest regions of the earth; that the people
of those regions, on bccommg acquainted with
our laws and institutions, might gradually become
imbued with their spiritand follow our example.
I felt that an ally might be gained, through whose
agency, based on good will and reciprocal inter-
ests, a route for all time might be gained across
the isthmus to our possessions on the Pacific that
could neither be disturbed by the bad faith of the
Governments m Central America, nor by the in-
trigues of foreign Powers. I felt, sir, the force
of that sentiment alluded to by Mr. Webster, in
his correspondence with the Chevalier Hulse-
mann, at the breaking nut of the revolution in
Hungary, when he remarks that
''The Amenenn Government and people take a lively
mtciest in iln: events of this leinni kulde a^e, in whatever
pait of the woil'l lh"V m.ty be exhibited , and the\ < .umot
Mippie-- the tlii'UL'i)''- <>! hnprs whieh .11 i-e 111 mni\ minds
in othei counting from coniemphUiujj the Mieeehsltil ex-
ample 01' li>;e Governments."'
I felt, sir, the sentiment of a high functionary
of this Government, whose heait always beats
responsive to whatever is noble, brave, or patri-
otic, when he declares—
" I am ftee 10 eonfe-.s that the heroic efibrt of our coun-
trymen in Nieaiamia exei'es mv .ulmnanon, while U en-
all mv wolu uude. I atu not to he detei 1 ed ftoin the
e\|>U'-.-joii ol the-e leelin^ hv sneet , ie|noaehe<, or hitid
\v«nds. lie who doe-! not symp.uhi/.e with Mich an entei-
jni.se li.is but lit lie ui common u Hh me."
I felt, Kir, the sympathy as expressed for the
cause in .Nicaragua, m one of the resolutions in-
grafted upon the Cincinnati platform, in 18r>(>.
And, mi, Commodore Paulding himself, in 18,r)G,
partaking of a leehng which at that time pei vaded
tliK Republic, wished success to the enteiprise of
William Walker!
A distinguished gentleman of this House, and |
a member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, has 1
shown me a letter sustaining this statement, and j
I will thank my friend from North Carolina to !
send the letter to the Clerk's desk, to be read j
*' for information " j
Walker played the game boldly, and he lost; j
he risked everything upon hazard of tho die, and j
it was adverse; and his expedition will be read I
and remembered as an episode m the history of!
nations, displaying how much can be achie'ved !
by means, however inadequate to the end, when !
guided by Avnericanempriscanjl American valor.
As to Commodore Paulding, I will endeavor to
prove what the President has assatcd, that he has !
been guilty of " a grave error." Ves, sii, an error '
of so grave a character that, unless some mark of |
reprobation is placed upon his conduct, the result, |
at some future period, may be productive of the ■
most disastrous consequences to this nation. j
If officers of the Navy are to understand that :
acts similar to Commodore Paulding's are to pass :
unnoticed, there may be a rehearsal of the drama, ,
when this Government may be obliged either to ,
disavow the act, and render acknowledgments
humiliating to its pride as a nation; or else, in,
adopting it, be precipitated into war. A medal to I
Paulding now, ora presentation of thanks, cannot .
fail to induce—ay, sn-, invite—imitation of a most
illegal and unwarrantable invasion of some coun-!.
try that may possess the will and the power to !|
avenge an insult to its sovereignty. If Paulding
has acted in accordance with the orders of his
superiors, or if his act has been adopted by them,
the culpability rests not with him, but them. But
1 regard his conduct repudiated by the Adminis-
tration, as shown by the release of Walker in
this city, and the censure cast upon him (Pauld-
ing) by the highest functionary of this Govern-
ment.
It may be proper foe the Executive of this na-
tion to palliate or extenuate the conduct of a naval
officer high in rank. It is his privilege; it is an
attribute pertaining to his high appointment; and
it is for him to exercise the pleasing prerogative
of seasoning justice with mercy; but when a ques-
tion of law, international or otherwise, arising
from a certain state of facts, is submitted to an
American Congress for its solution, we ought to
decide upon the question itself, and leave the pal-
liating circumstances, if any, to another branch
of this Government.
This is not a case of mere individual miscon-
duct, where good motives or intentions can be
pleaded by way of exculpation; it is an official
act, and, as such, should receive a more rigid and
severe scrutiny. It is, sir, a question of interna-
tional law; it is a political question; and Commo-
dore Paulding has been guilty of apolitical error,
said by Talleyrand to be worse than a crime.
The latter may affect one or more individuals;
the former the pcace of nations and the repose of
mankind.
J am a friend of the Navy, sir, for I consider
it the right arm of our defense. With us, as in
England, it can never become the subject of the,
same jealousy as is felt for a standing army. It
has thrown the most bulliant luster over our mil-
itary annals, and has gained for us the respect
and admiration of tho world. But, sir, I wish a
navy composed of officers who bow to the law
and its behests, and who act in accordance with
the apothegm of Marshal Saxe, that there were
three duties of a soldier; tln\first was obedience,
the second was obedience, and the third was obe-
dience.
11 is said, because Nicaragua has not complained
but approved of Paulding's course, therefore no
wrong has been done. The question is not be-
tween that country and us, but between llih Gov-
ernment and Commndorf Paulding; and the true
■inquinj is: was Pamdmg justified in the arrest of
Walker upon tho soil of Nicaragua, either by
virtue of his instructions or the law of nations'1
I answer in the negative, lie transcended his in-
structions. The seizure of Walker was an act
of war; and he assumed and usurped the high
prerogative of the war-making powei in its con-
summation ; and yet, sir, 1 find itgravely asserted
that Paulding had not only the right to arrest
Walker within the maritime jurisdiction of Nic-
aragua, but upon her very soil itself. The only
possible pretext for his arrest was a charge of an
infraction of the laws of 1818. Admitting, sir, a
jnicni, the charge to bo true, let me ask, have
those laws or statutes any operation, any force,
any vitality within the jurisdiction of Nacaiagua,
or that of any other foreign Power? If so, sir,
there is an end at once to the sovereignty of na-
tions, for there would bo an impcrium in imperio.
Chief Justice Marshall ways:
'•* Th'j jurisdiction of a natnm wjthm its own teriforv
necesjiuiiv ci\la?ivc and <t!n>olnte. it is jui-.ce>mb)e o! no
Inniraiion not imposed by M->ell. An> re.-tucUon upon it,
dei ivim* any validity from an> e\tu nal mjiiicc, would imply
a diminution of it>s sowiei^niv to Ihe extent of the le^tne-
tion, and an investment ot that hovemenn to fin* 5-amo ex-
U lit in that powei u Inch ( ouid impose teat re-iricUon."
Now, sir, how far does this jurisdiction of Nic-
aragua extend? Mr. Wheaton, m his work on
international law, writes thus:
'•The mautune temtoiy of every State extends to the ,
potts, liaiboisj. bay, mouths of riv-n^, ami adjacent pai t=; J
of the sea inclosed by headlands, beloncpnc; to the btune
State. Theneneial iwage of nations mi pet add-; to tins extent
of tern tonal jun.-diclion a distance of a mai ine league, or j
so tar as a cannon shot will teach fiotn the thoie, along all
the coasts of the State. Within ther-e limits the n<ihts of j
property and teiruoiial jurisdiction aie absolute, end exclude !
those of any other nation."
I feel reluctant, sir, to make these quotations to
prove what I h^d always deemed ti'vismt} but I
have been coerced to do so by the novel views
which have been expressed upon this question.
We had, sir, no right even to demand Walker
from Nicaragua, there being no extradition treaty
between that Power and us; and if we had no
right to demand, how much ie&sh&d we to capture
him by force of arms upon the very soil of Nic-
aragua? Whilst it is admitted that the jurisdic-
tion of this Government extends to our private
vessels wherever found upon the high seas, yet it
can never be exercised over them, save by com-
pact or comity, when lying within the ports or har-
bors of any foreign nation. When it is asseited
thatwecan exercise jurisdiction over our citizens
everywhere, it only means that that jurisdiction
can be exercised when persons guilty of an infrac-
tion of our laws return within our territorial ju-
risdiction. The power of punishment is vested
in the sovereignty, and must be exercised within
the limits of that sovereignty. The moment the
Fashion came within the marine league of the
shores of Nicaragua, our jurisdiction over her
ceased, and that of Nicaragua begun.
As to a supervisory power of the commanders
of our national vessels over our private vessels
abroad, I will not argue. They are bound to pro-
tect and defend, but oeitainly not to officiate as
police officers. Walker had a perfect right to
expatriate himself. His followers had an equal
right. They had a right to change then* domicile
and throw off all allegiance to this country; if not,
the rescue of Martin Koszta was a rank usurp-
ation, and hundreds of thousands of people in this
country are still subjects of Great Britain and
other nations of Europe. If Walker and his men
left this country with the intention of casting their
lot in Nicaragua and remaining there, the moment
they landed upon its shores that expatriation and
change of domicile begun, and they were beyond
the pale of the power and authority of this Gov-
ernment, and released from all ties of allegiance
that had previously existed.
The attack of Commodore Porter^on Foxardo
has been quoted as justifying Commodore Pauld-
ing. What are the facts in that case r Certain
goods, stolen at St. Thomas, were conveyed to
Porto Rico, whete the authorities shielded and
protected the felons. Commodoie Porter sent his
officer to demand the goods; the officer was seized,
insulted,and imprisoned. Determined,as he said,
" to demand indemnity for the past and security
for the future," he landed at Foxardo, spiked
the cannon of a battery ready to fire upon him,
and exacted apologies from the alcalde for the in-
sult to his flag and his country. And yet, for this
he was ordered home by James Monroe, court-
martialed, suspended for six months, and John
duincy Adams approved the sentence! lie was
not punished for thus asserting the honor of his
country; but for the invasion of tho soil and sov-
ereignty of Spain.
Nor are the cases cited, as to the course pur-
sued by our officers atTupoh,Tunis, and Algiers,
at all applicable. There had been aggressions of
various kinds upon our citizens in those countries.
Our officers weio far beyond the reach of instruc-
tions, and they had every reason to anticipate the
wishes of our Government, and they acted in ac-
cordance with those wishes, amounting, substan-
tially, to a tacit command. To obtain redress
was their duty, and the law of self-defense jus-
tified their conduct.
So with General Jackson, when he took pos-
session of St. Mark's and Pensacola. The com-
mandant of St. Maik's and the Governor of West
Florida had been exciting the Indians to acts of
hoMihtyagainstourcitizens. Takingthe respons-
ibility, and actuated by the highest motives of
patriotism, he acted upon this principle of self-
defense. This principle overrides all other con-
siderations, for " international law considers the
right of self-preservation as prior and paramount
to that of territorial inviolability."
And then, too, what possible analogy between
the course pursued by Paulding and Ingraham5
It is true, Ingraham may have invaded the sov-
ereignty of Tut key; but he heard the cry, "lam
an American citi/en!" and he rushed to rhe res-
cue. Tin key was imbecile, weak, and incapable
of performing her duty to other nations, by pro-
tecting their citizens within her limits; and when
this stare of facts exists, this law of self-defense
comes into play; and Ingraham richly earned the
thanks of his country for rescuing an American
citizen from the fangs of Austria.
