2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
the names. On that count it was announced that
a quorum was present; and the House went back
into committee* and then rose and reported the
bills back to the House. Upon a recount, it ap-
pears that the vote lacked two or three of a quo-
rum; so it appears that when the House went
into committee, and then rose and reported the
bills to the House, no quorum had answered to
their names.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. That cannot
make any difference now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was there
, not a quorum when action was taken upon the
bills in the House ?
The SPEAKER. There was a quorum voting
on all votes taken since the committee rose. The
Chair felt it his duty, however, to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact: But the Chair
holds that the bills, having been passed by a quo-
rum in the House, have been properly passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House acquiesce in
that it answers every end; but then it seems to
me that unless the Chair asks the House to give
its unanimous consent to that state of things, it
would be setting a bad example which might
sometimes woik very great injury. The vote by
which the hills were brought into the House was
not only no vote at all, but in truth the bills are
yet in a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama, that there is no of-
ficial evidence that there was no quorum when
the bills were ordered to he repuited from the
committee; but, in addition to that, even if that
fact be true—if the bills have been acted upon in
the House, and passed—the Chair thinks that
would cure any defect which might exist in bring-
ing them into the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not objeet to the bills
being passed. I do not want to undo what has
been done; but the precedent may be important
in the future legislation of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that 1 was
in the House while the vote was being taken, al-
though not when my name was called.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And there
are several others who are in the same position.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
Chair to state upon official information that there
was not a -•{uorum present.
The SPEAKER. At the time the bills were
reported ?
Mr. JONES', of Tennessee. When the list of
yeas and nays is corrected, will it not show that
there was not a quotum presentp
The SPEAKER. It will show that upon that
vote there was not a quorum.
Mr. JON CS, of Tennessee. That the House
Went back into committee without a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. So fat- as that is concerned,
although it is not true in point of fart, a quorum
might have appeared before the House went into
committee, and the Chair might have ascertained
that fact, although the Chair does not pretend to
say that he did do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That d oes not
satisfy me, when I know myself that the con-
trary was the fact.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the better plan
would be to let members who catne in after their
names were called, place their names on the list
ko as to make up a quorum.
[Loud and general cries of" Agreed ''']
Mr. CRAWFORD. How many arc required?
X was here and the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] was here.
Mr, HALL, of Ohio, And I was here.
Mr. JDUETINTON. My colleague, Mr. Da-
vis, was here.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was here also.
Mr. ENGLISX'I. I desire to have my name
entered.
The SPEAKER. That is six, which is a suf-
ficient number to make a quorum and meet the
views of the gentleman from Alabama.
SIARYETT VAN BUSKIUK.
The House then-resumed the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Marvett Van Buskirk.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would like |
now to answer the question of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie.] " j
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object, tj
•uant to vote. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have one
question answered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.* I object.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
inquire when this claim was first presented to
Congress.
[Cries of " Order 1" " Object!" and " Call the
roll!"],
Mr. MftLLSON (at five minutes to six o'clock,
p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. ATKINS. I should like to have the bill
read.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would like
to answer the question of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to make an in-
quiry of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. LETCHER, I have a right to make an
inquiry of the Chair as to a matter of practice in
connection with this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires to
raise n question of order, he has a right to do so.*
Mr. LETCHER.. It is a question of practice
of the House. I wish to inquire whether the
Speaker knows of any instance, under the prac-
tice of the House, in which interest has been al-
lowed on a claim for over seventy years?
[Cries of " Order !"] :
The SPEAKER. The inquiry is not in order, j
and the Chair cannot answer it. I
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I will answer 1
the question, if the House will allow me. I
[Loud cries of " Order !" and ''Object!"] !
Air. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the motion to j
lay the bill upon the table. I
Mr. IICJCiIlES. I would suggest that as the j
House is not full we had bettei, by unanimous •
consent, pass this hill over until Monday mfor- I
maliy under the operation of the previous ques-
tion. )
Mi. LETCHER. I object to that. Letusdis- j
pose of it now. i
The bill was again read. j
The question was taken:<£ Shall the bill pass ;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 17, nays i
111; as follows: j
YEAS Messrs. Anderson, Chafiee, ClawM>n, Crastn, 1
OuUih, Duvh ol l)nwe>, Gilman, Gilmei, ■
llawkm-*, Huircni, llnvler, IJ tuupimy Maunh.ill, .Wajnanl, j
A noii Shaw. Bobeit Smith, itnd Geoi^e Taj loi —11 j
i\'A\'S ~ .Uc.^h. Abbott, Andrew Atkin->, Awiv. Hil- 1
Inujimrst, Bincham, Bi-hop. Ulan, Howie, B-.tv tou.Bmh.i-
ton, Builmijame, Ca?kio, Cavanamih, Chapinin. John B.
Ciatk, (."lav, Clemens, Cobb, Claik B. Coelnane, John
Coelnane, CoekeriII,Colfax, Coming Coining,Co\, James
Craig, Ctawford, Davidson, D.ivh of Indiana, Davn'of Mh-
Mfcsipjn, Duvi> of Iowa, D.idrl, Dowdill, Ihiriee, Enqh-di,
Feaion, Florence, Foley, Foster, Ga:nett, Conch, Goode,
Goodwin, G amjei, Gie«. , Giow, Lawrence W. Hall, Har-
lan, Jlopkm-, Houston, iiuirhep, Jewott, Geoi<re W. Jones,
J. Glanoy Jones, Ivelly, Kcl&e>, Kilgore, Knnpp, Leitei,
Letehei, Lovejov, MaeJay, Matteson, Million, Moigan,
1-aae N. iWorii-\ Oliver A. Mouse. Muiray, Paikei. Pen-
dleton, Prttit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillip-;, Potter,
Poweil, Piimance, Quitman,Reason, Roilly, Ritchie, Rob-
erts, Royee, Rufirn, Saiuhdge.dcaies, Scott, Seward, Ilenry
M. Shaw, John Shcnnan, Shorter, William Smith, Spm-
nei, Stanton, William Stewart, Miles Tayloi, Tompkins,
Utnleiwood, Valiandnrham, Wade, Walbudge, Waidion,
Walton, G'adwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B Washburne,
Watkins?, Wilson, Wmslow, Woodson, and Augustus It.
Wught—11J.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. COX stated, during the call of the roll,
that he iiad voted against the bill in committee,
anil voted against it now, because it allowed in-
terest; but he thought the principal ought to be
paid.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, (at eighteen
minutes past six o'clock, p. m.) moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, so as to give
us time to look into the bill, and see if any part of
the claim is pist.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the House to in-
dulge me for one moment. It appears that gen-
tlemen have voted against this bdl because it
allows interest.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Then I object to
it.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
A. BAUDOUIN AND A. D. ROBERTS.
The SPEAKER stated the question next m
order to be on the passage of a bill (II. It. No.
245) for the relief of A. Baudoum and A. D. Rob-
erts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in,
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Bilhnshur-n,
Bmghim, Biayton, Bulhnton, Case, Cavatuugh, Chafiee,
John B. Cl.s^k, dawson, Clark 13. Co tin an'-'. Colfax, Com -"
ins, Cox, Cra«in, Curtis, Davidson. Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of iowa. Dawes, Dodil, Dowdoll, Duifee, Tcnton,
Floienee, Foley, Foster, Ginnan, Gilmer, Gooeh, Good-
win, Giow, Udilan, Ilawktn*. Horton, ICilgoie, ivuapp,
I.euer, Lovf'ioj, IJuinphtey MauhaM, Mayuaul, Morgan,
Moiull, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Moi.-e, Mott, Miu-
ray, Niblaek, Palmer, Parkei, Pouit, Pruon. William W,
Phelps, Potu-r, Ro><:e, Rullin, bandirlgi-;, Scotl. Aaiou
Shaw, John Shenn.m, Sjnnner, Stanion, Gcorsre Taylor,
Miles Tayloi, Thompson. 'J'onipktns, Umloiwood. WaiU ,
Walhrnlge, Walton, Cadwaiadt'i C. Wa-libuin, Elhhu B.
Wa^hhmne, Uiael Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, and Au-
R, 7a.
IV A VS—Andei^on, Aikm-s, Howie, Caskie. Clem-
ens, Cobb, Cockerill, Cornini?, James Cra^, Crawjoul,
Davis of Indiana, English, Goode, Orestc. Lawienee W.
Hall, Hopkin<, Houston, Huyler,.U'wett,"Geoi^e W. Jone.s
J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Lctehoi, Maelay,
Matteson, Million, Pendleton, John S. Ptie!p>, Phillip
I\)Woll, (.imtman, Ueajfari,Iteilly,Ritchie, Uobeits. Scales,
Henry Al. Shaw, llobeit Smith, William rtmiih, Wilhaiu
Btuwart, Wahhon, Watkm?, and Woitehdyke—44.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. SEWARD said: I was not in the Hall when
my name was called. If I had been, I do not
know which way I should have voted, because I
do not know anything about the bill."
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL JONES'S HEIRS.
The bill (IT. II. No. 324) to allow the legal rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones five years full pay,
was next taken up, the question being on its pas-
•Sdgo.
Mr. CliJITMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afTumative—yeas 87, nays 38; as follows:
VEAS—Mfssis. Abboir, Andeison, Jhlhnshurst, J3nuj-
hjim, Howie, Braj-ton, Bulhnton. Ihirlnigamc. Case, Casku ,
Chaii'oe, dawson, Clay, Ciatk 15. Oodnane, John Coeh-
lane, Colfax, Coininj*, Coy, Crajrin, Cu tis, David-o'/,
Davis of Matij-acijuseu^, Davis ol Iowa Dawc-., Dodd,
Dowdell, Diniee. Fenton. Florence, Fo-tei, Ganiett, Gil-
man, Gilniei, (iooeh, Goode, Goodwin. Grow, Hatiau,
llawkiiH, Hopkins, llorton, Jewect, J.Giant.y Joao.-_. Owca
Jones, Kellogg. Kilgore, Lawienee, Leuer. Jajtchei, Love-
joy, Maelav, 'Humphrey Mai-duill, Sajnu"! ti. lilai-liail,
Mavnard, lMornll, Edwaid Joy Morris, ()i,ver A. Moise,
Muiray, Palmer, Paikcr, Pettit, William \\ . Plielp-. Phil
lip-«. Pike, Potte.-, Puivi.mee, Reiliy, llobeit?. Uoyce, Scotr,
Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Robeit Smith, William Smith,
Spinner, William Stewart, Tappan, Thompson,Toiupkm .,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwaladei* Washburn, Eihhu B.
"Washbuuie, I>rael Washburn, Wilson, Wortendyke, and
Aimn-itus it- Wnght—87.
IVAYS—INIu^is-. Aikin5?, Avery, Bi-hop; John ] . Claris,
Cobb, Cockerill, Ciawfoid. EnLr)i h, Foley. Gir><n. Houston,
Hughes, Iluyler, (icorge W. Jono,' KeKey, Kuapp, nlutP-
son, Million, Moi^un, Xibh ek, Pendi-ton, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Powell. Quitman, Roa^m, Uitcl.ie, "Rnlh-i, San-
didi*e, Sealer, Ileiny ."M Shaw. Stanton, MilesTavlor.Un-
derwood, Wade, Walbrid^-c, Watkms, dad Wms-low—38.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
thr' motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. COP>B. I rise to a question of privilege.
I have sat here and helped to pass a hundred and
odd bills, and now I wish the House to pass a
little Senate bill, which is as meritorious as the
best of them. 1 wish to move to reconsider the
