1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
vote by which the bill in question was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man can be entered, but notacted on at this time.
THE BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG, ETC-
The adverse report from the Court of Claims
(No. 149) in the case of the brig General Arm-
strong was next taken up for consideration.
The report was brought from the Committee of
the Whole House, with the recommendation that
it be committed to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
The report was accordingly committed.
House bill No. 249, reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with the recommend-
ation that it be committed to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, was taken up and accord-
ingly committed.
BENJAMIN F. HALL.
House bill (No. 244) for the relief of Benjamin
F. Hall, reported frotn the Committee of the
Whole House, with the recommendation that it :
be laid on the table, was accordingly laid on the
table.
OUTRAGES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. CLAY. Some days ago I asked the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to introduce
a bill. I wish again to ask that unanimous con-
■ sent. And I wish to say that this whole country,
from one end to the other, is ringing with the sub-
ject of the outrages committed upon our fla^ and
upon our vessels, while the Senate Chamber it-
self has been ringing with the same subject; and
it does seem to me, at this time, that this House
ought to take some action in the matter, I desire
to mtioduce a bill upon the subject fur the pur-
pose of having it referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The bill was read, as follows:
A lull to restrain and leciress outia?es upon the flag and
citizens ot the United Status.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
- violation of the laws ot nations, by out-
in ca>e« of .
ra^e upon therms, soil, or citizens of the United Slates, or
upon their property, under encmr^tauces requiting ptoinpi
rediess, and when, in the opinion ot the Pie-idontj delay
would he incompatible with the honor and digmtv of the
Republic, the President is hereby authorized to employ such
toice as he may deem neee^aiy to pi event the pei petration
of bucli outrage^, and to obtain ju^t ledie^s and satisfaction
for the same when peipetrated; arid it shall he his duty to
lay the facts of each ca«.e, together with the leasons ot his
action in the premises, before Congress, at the caihest prac-
ticable moment, for s-uch further action thereon as Congtess
may direct.
Mr. GARNETT. Being opposed to convert-
ing this Government into a military despotism, I
object.
'Mr. CLAY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at tins time.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Wright, of Georgia, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes nineteen—not one fifth the members present.
So the yeas and nays were not oidcred.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was agreed to.
And thereupon (at twenty minutes past seven
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned until Mon-
day next, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 31, 1858.
Praver by the Rev. G. W. Rasseit.
The Journal of Satin day last was read and ap-
proved.
message from tiie house.
A message was received from the House, of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the follow-
in0" bills, in which the concurrence ot the oenaus
was requested: TT .
A bill (No. 219) for the relief of William Heme,
artist in the Japan expedition; , „ ,
A bill (No. 299) for the relief of Samuel Good-
rich, jr.;
A bill (No. 230) for the relief of Mary Ben-
nett;*
■A bill (No. 233) for the relief of Sylvanus Burn-
ham;
A bill (No. 238) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of Richard Farren, alias Richard Tarvin, de-
ceased ;
A bill (No. 239) for the relief of Zina Wil-
liams;
A bill (No. 245) for the relief of A. Baudouin
and A. D. Roberts;
A bill (No. 258) for the relief of Augustus .T.
ICu h n;
A bill (No. 2G7) for the relief of Timothy L.
0 *Keefec ?
A bill (No. 269) for the relief of David Bruce;
A bill (No. 277) for the relief of Mary Boyle;
A bill (No. 321) for the relief of John B. Ro-
per; and
A bill (No. 324) to allow the legal representa-
tives of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh Virginia
regiment on continental-establishment, five years
full pay as captain of infantry, in lieu of half pay
for life.
A subsequent message from the Itouse of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allex, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill and
joint resolutions of the Senate:
An act (No. 102) for the relief of Thomas Phe-
nix, jr.;
A resolution (No. 47) to correct an error in a
certain act, approved May 11, 1858, and
A resolution (No. 28) for the adjustment of
difficulties with the Republic of Paraguay.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
1 States, communicating, in compliance with a res-
i olution of the Senate, a report of the Secretary of
' State, with accompanying papers, in regard to
the seizure of the American vessel Panchita on
the coast of Africa; which was ordered to lie on
the table; and a motion by Mr. Mason to print
the documents, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secrclaiy of the Navy, communicating, m com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, informa-
tion in relation to the pay of the naval officers
whose cases were acted on by the late naval courts
of inquiry and the President, and who have been
advanced to a higher grade and pay than that
assigned them by the late "retiring board,"
though not restoied to the active-service list, with
a list of such officers, and the positions assigned
them by said board, and those they now hold;
which was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion to print, by Mr. Ivekson, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, who aie pioperty holders on
Pennsylvania avenue, and engaged in business
thei eon, praying that the bill passed by the House
of Repieseiitatives for a railroad on the avenue
may become a law; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KING presented a petition of Samuel S.
Powell, and others, praying an examination of
Samuel Nowlau's plan for bridging the East river
at New York; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Shiawassee county, Michigan, praying
an extension of mail route No. 13157, from Ches-
aning, in Saginaw county, to St. Charles, in the
same county, so that said mail route will extend
M from Corunna, in Shiawassee county, to St.
;j Charles, in Saginaw county, Michigan; which
!l was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
' and Post Roads.
'! Mr. BRODERICK presented resolutions of the
j| Legislature of California, in favor of an appro-
it priation for the payment of bonds issued by that
' State for the payment of expenses incurred in the
suppression of the Indian hostilities within her
bounds; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of the appointincnt of
a commissioner on the part of the United States,
to act in conjunction with a commissioner oiUhc
part of California, in asceitaiaing and determin-
ing the boundary line between that State and the
Territory of Utah; which were referred to the
Committee on Territories.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of the appointment
of American consuls at the ports of Guaymas,
Mazatlan, Manzandlo, and La Paz, in Mexico;
which weie referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN,from theCommittee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the joint res- _
olution (S.No.46)authonzingthepaymentofcer- '
tain motleys to certain Cherokee Indians, remain-
ing cast of the Rocky Mountains; and the bill (S.
No. 201) to execute the treaties of 1817and 1819,
with the Cherokees, by making provision for the
reservations under the same, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of New York,
praying the adoption of measures for the pres-
ervation and elevation of the American Indians,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr.'IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill(ILR.C.C.No. 65)
for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee, and J. N.
Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom were referred the
following bills and joint resolution, reported them
without amendment, with a recommendation that
thev do pass:
A bill (II-. R. No. 5G) making an appropriation
for the completion of the military road from As-
toria to Salem, in Oregon Territory.
A bill (H. R. No. 332) for the relief of Richard
13 Alexander.
A bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Simeon
Stedman; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the relief
of General Sylvester Churchill.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the bills (S. No. 110)
for the relief of Mrs. Jane Turnbull, and the bill
(S. No. 229) for the relief of Jane Turnbull, re-
ported them without amendment, and that they
ought not to pass.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas Jones, and others, of Clermont county,
Ohio, praying to be allowed bounty land for ser-
vices in the war of 1812, reported adversely there-
on.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lemuel Worster, who
served in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed
bounty land, reported adversely thereon
11  also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Mary S. Taylor, widow
of Alexander S. Taylor, a volunteer in the last
wai Willi,Great Britain, praying to be allowed
bounty land, reported adversely thereon.
He "also, from the same committee, to whom
wa< referred the petition of Eliphalet Lyman,
praying to be allowed bounty land I'oi his services
as surgeon to a militia company in the war of
■ 1812, reportfd advemely thereon.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
! wa* referred the memorial of William Fleming,
i in behalf of himself and others of the marine ar-
! tillery who served in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed bounty land, reported adversely thore-
' on.
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henrietta Carroll,
I widow of William Carroll, praying to be allowed
1 bounty land for the services of her husband during
the last war with Great Britain, reported adversely
, thereon. .
! Mr. MALI.ORY, from the Committee on Na-
! val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 511) for the relief of Nehemiah K. Draper
: and William Holden, heirs-at-law of Mary Dra-
' per, deceased, asked to be, discharged from its
• further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, fioei the same committee, to whom
were referied the following bills, reported them
without amendment;
