1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan Bill—Mr. Andrews.
Ho. op Reps.
Paulding, not appreciating the difference be-
tween the extent of a power and the abuse of a
power, perpetrated this grievous wrong under the
flag of our country.
If the colors of that noble pennon are allegori-
cal, as I have read—the white as an emblem of
the purity of our intentions, the red as an emblem
of terror upon the battle-field, and the blue as an
emblem of the faith of our engagements—he might
have gleaned something from these as a rule of
action, even something of the spirit of the law of
nations, and not perverted the flag under which
he sailed, by a cool, premeditated attack upon the
people from his fatherland—misguided though
they may have been, or led astray by some illu-
sory notions of giving freedom to a region among
the fairest of the globe.
The main justification of Paulding rests upon
the principle that evil may be done, provided a good
follows as a result; a principle, sir, than which noth-
ing can be more pernicious; a principle charged to
be a leading one with the followers of Ignatius
Loyola, and one, sir, that at all times has been
denounced as one of the most dangerous chime-
ras that has ever entered into the brain of man.
"To procure an eminent good by means that are
unlawful (says Sir William Scott) is as little con-
sonant to private morality as to public justice.''
This is the language of a great and good man,
and used while deciding against the legality of
boarding vessels engaged in the African slave
trade,anxious as he was, anxious as all England
was, at the time, for the suppression of what was
called a most abominable traffic in human flesh.
irTempora inutantur,"Mr, Chairman; and an ob-
server of human events might ask, if the philan-
thropy of Exeter Hall and the policy of la belle
France were not yielding somewhat to the laws
governing capital and labor ? if they were not yield-
ing somewhat to the questions of their demand
and supply ?
The rights and duties of nations are reciprocal.
JNTo nation has the right, though it may have the
power, to force even benefits upon another nation;
and Vattel says:
" But, though a nation be obliged to promote, as far as
lies within its power, the perfection of others, it is not en-
titled forcibly to obu ude those offices on them. Such an
attempt would be a violation of their natural hbeity. In
•order to romjieZ any one to lec-eive a kindness, we must have
an authority over lnni; but nations are absolutely free and
independent."
All nations are supposed, in their intercourse
with each other, to be equal; for, where there is
sovereignty, there is the necessary concomitant,
equality; and, in the terse language of Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, "Russia and Geneva have equal
righ ts."
A nd here, sir, let me ask you, what would have
been the feeling and sentiment m this country if
Nicaragua, on ascertaining that Walker's expe- ;
dition was about to sail, had sent an armed ves- j
sel, and captured him within one of our southern I
harbors, or within the marine league of our shores? j
It would have been, sir, a casus belli; and there |
would have been a feelingof indignation pervad- !
ing the bosom of every man who loved the honor, i
the dignity, and the independence, of his country; ;
and yet, sir, by this law of reciprocity, by this 1
law of correlative rights and obligations, Nica- i
ragua had as "much right to do that as Paulding :
had to seize Walker on the sands of the Punta ;
Arenas.
The soil of Nicaragua should have been held 1
sacred by Paulding; it should have been holy !
ground; and he had no right to desecrate it by an !
act of outrage and usurpation, even for the pur- 1
pose of capturing felons, from the chief of whom,
by a ridiculous anomaly, he accepted his parole .
of honor. !
When I first heard of this transaction, it oc-
curred to me the Government of Nicaragua might 1
love the treason, but hate the traitor, and hpw- ■
ever much she might complacently rejoice over j
the riddancc from Walker, yet I asked myself, i
may not its national pride have been more hu- '
milmled,a deeper stab given to its nationality, :
than for all that Walker could have accomplished
with his one hundred and fifty followers, and es- '
pecially when among the pleas set up to justify
the act, was that of the weakness of Nicaragua, i
and her inability to defend herself againsta hand- j
ful of adventurer^? And must she not have felt1
herself degraded in the eyes of nations at this
open avowal of her imbecility? If any of the-
spirit of the days of Charles the Fifth, or the
second Philip has been transmitted to her rulers,
she must have felt this, and she may have ex-
claimed, in the somewhat trite quotation from the
Latin poet,
" Non tah auxilio, nec defensoribus istis, tempus eget."
Martinez has declared that Paulding's act was
"above the law," and without question. The
Yrissari treaty has been delayed, and has dragged
its slow length along, owing to the jealousy enter-
tained by Nicaragua as to a military protectorate
over the transit route conceded by that treaty, for
it must have felt sensibly that the same military
power which had been so recently exerted for her
defense, might be wrested to her destruction. And
now we learn that the treaty will not bo ratified
at all.
And here let me remark, though not exactly
germane to my subject, that all the Central Amer-
ican States entertain a jealousy of this country—
a jealousy fostered by the acute agents of France
and England in those countries.
I regret to hear so much stress laid upon the
probable action of those Powers, in case our policy
should perchance conflict with their own. That
policy meets us at every step. We met it in Texas
—it has been at work in St.*Domingo and the
Sandwich Islands, Cuba, and the Central Ameri-
can States.
I say, sir, let us have an Jlmerican policy—let us
display proper firmness with all Powers, and not
permit our magnanimity to pass over with im-
punity the insults or outrages committed by the
smaller ones on account of their weakness, for we
"can as little compound with impotence as per-
fidy." The bones of our citizens are whitening
in the sun at Virgin bay and along the transit
route to the Pacific, and the mui der of four of our
citizens, within our own bordeis, near the line of
Sonora, is yet to be atoned for.
The President, in his message of last December,
tells us that no progress whatever has been made
towards the settlement of the claims of our citi-
zens against the Spanish Government, and that
" the outrage committed on our flag by the Span-
ish war frigate Ferrolana, on the high seas, off
the co§st of Cuba, in March, 1855, by firing into
the mail steamer El Dorado, and detaining and
searching her, remains unacknowledged and unre-
dressed." And now tidings every day reach us of
the most aggravated insults to our flag by British
cruisers, m our own wafers. England has never
relinquished the principle of visitation and search,
but will no doubt seek to palliate the conduct of
her officers by drawing an absurd distinction be-
tween them. There is no difference in principle;
the first is the incipient step, the latter the consum-
mation of the act. Either or both are to be exer-
cised only as belligerent rights, and are founded
upon and have their origin in force. In time of
pcacc we can never permit them to be exercised,
I and I, for one, say, full indemnity for past out-
j rages, and a relinquishment as well of the right
; of visit, as asserted by the cautious and facile
1 Aberdeen, as that of search, as well as visit, con-
, tended for by the haughty Palmerston. If not
; yielded, then I say, war; and in the interim let
< us give the Executive the means and the power
1 to enable him to sustain the honor of the coun-
- try.
I I rejoice that measures are being taken for the
! annihilation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty; it is
the first step, and it is a good one; and f trust that
1 at least the Democratic portion of tins Congress
: will not forget a resolution as to our foreign pol-
; icy passed at the Cincinnati convention of 1856.
i I will read it:
! " Resolved, That our geographical and political position
with leference to the other Slates of thi5? continent, no less
, than the interest of our commerce and the development of
! our growing power, requues that we should hold as sacied
the principles involved in the Monroe doctime; their bear-
i i:ig and mipoit admit of no misconstruction , they should be
1 applied wirli unbending rigidity."
! The arrogantassumption of a British Ministry,
claiming the right of intervention as to the " dis-
tribution of power" in the American seas, thrown
: soflauntinglyin our faces, stands unrevoked; and
| the time may not be far distant, and I care not how
1 soon, when an issue shall be made up and tried
between the. principle alluded to and those em-
braced m the Monroe doctrine.
By the setting up of a king, or the creation of
a dictatorship in Mexico under the auspices of
Spain, and possibly her allies, these principles
would cease to be mere abstractions, but would
be replete with practical results; ay,.sir, great,
glorious results, by which a flag, bearing the lions
and castles of Castile—proud insignia of royalty
and monarchy—would be forever banished from
her possessions in this hemisphere.
If the startling report be true that Spain is
taking measures to Africanize Cuba, or if at any
future period such should be the case, I feel con-
fident that the Executive of this country-4, sustained
by its people, would remember the proud language
of the Ostend manifesto; and then, sir,Ou&a must
be ours, no matter at what cost, no matter at what
sacrifice of blood and treasure. And the Queen
of the Antilles, gracefully displacing her diadem,
and with her brows entwined with a floral wreath
of her own gorgeous clime, would take her posi-
tion among her sisters of this Confederacy.
So far as the Americanization of the isthmus
under the auspices of a northern emigration so-
ciety is to be attempted, whilst I doubt its feasi-
bility, I am, as a southern gentleman, indifferent
as to its results. As I understand the scheme, it
will prove a grand monopoly of the North at the
expense of the South; for no southern emigrants
will receive the requisite passports at New York
to enable them to settle in Nicaragua. If the ob-
jects contemplated by this association are to de-
velop the resourcesof that country, diffuse knowl-
edge and the light of a refined civilization among
its people, with incidental benefits to the persons
composing it, well and good; but if otherwise; if
naught but the merest speculation, coupled with
some undefined but yet certain ultimate intent of
obtaining possession and subverting the Govern-
ment, whenever their numbers and strength will
authorize it, then all I can say is, their morality
would be such as was inculcated by Dame Lob-
kins to Paul Clifford: " If you wants what is not
your own, try and do without it; if you cannot do
without it, take it by insinivation, not bluster.
They as swindles does more and risks less than
they as robs."
As to the territorial expansion of this country,
it is inevitably and must be southward; faster,
perhaps, than we wish. You might as well en-
deavor to prevent the expansion of steam or pow-
der m a state of ignition; but i wish the process
fair, and the acquisition gradual. If the people
of tiiose countries between the Rio del Norte and
the Sierra Madre, irritated to frenzy by constant
wars and revolutions, and the perpetual victims
of the tyainny of a central power, should achie\e
their independence and form de facto Governments;
then, if they should invoke admission into our
Union, I say let them come in. Justice and hu-
manity, and the regeneration of a portion of our
lace would demand this; and let them partake of
the benefits of our laws and institutions, our free-
dom and independence. But if perchance a poi-
tion of this Union, guided by a narrow policy and
false philanthropy, should oppose such an acces-
sion, from hostility to southern interests, a war of
opinion may be engendered, and utterance given
to it in tones loud and clear as a bugle call; and
then, Mr. Chairman, hush who can its irksome
echoes! •*
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. S. O. ANDREWS,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ANDREWS said:
Mr. Chairman: In the memorable presidential
campaign of 185G, the supporters of Mr. Buch-
f anan, and that distinguished gentleman himself,
| made professions of their political creed from
thousands of rostrums and presses in all parts of
the Union. The two leading articles in that cieed
were these: first, that Kansas should be brought
into the Union under such a constitution as its
