2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Benja-
min Wakefield; and
A bill (H. R. 453) for the relief of Robe* '' ~W\
Cushman, formerly an acting purser in the Uni-
ted States Navy.
Mr. KINGj from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred -the petition of Thomas
Jenkins, praying to be all owed a pension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Plummer,
guardian of the minor children of the late Captain
Samuel Plummer, of the United States Army,
praying the continuation of the pension hereto-
fore granted to said children, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frank Madison, a
colored man, who served as a waiter to Major
Lee, in the Seminole war in Florida, praying to be
allowed bounty land, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them without amendment:
^A bill (LI. R. No. 169) making an appropria-
tion for the payment of clerks employed in the
offices of the registers of the land offices at Oregon
City and Winchester, in the Territory of OtVpon;
A bill (H. R. No. 490) for the lehef of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming;
A bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Job Staf-
ford, of the State of New York; and
A bill (II. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliza-
beth McBrier, only surviving child and heir of
Colonel Archibald Loughry, deceased.
POST ROUTES IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES submitted the following* resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tlio Committor on th<?Po*f OlHc and Po^t
Roa<1^ be m-fiik'tod to inquire intoihe «'.\{)ediem y of es<fal>-
li^lim'? a po^t louto lioni ^iouv City, Iowa, vi.i the mouti)
of tiio Vei'mihon nvet, at ih<; pieMMit oiabii^in-d fei 110 on
tho^e rivei-, to Foil II indall, Nebtask.i Tuiiitoiv; altoliom
Neobrarn. Nebraska Tcuilory, to Foit Randall, Nebra.-k.i
Terutoiy, (four miles.)
PRIMING APPARATUS.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Allaire bo in-
stuioted to mqniie into the expediency of lepotiimj nn
amendment. piovtdmi: an apptopiuttion to the Atniy bill,
to nuthoii/e the Seereduy ot Wai to adopt ;unl apply to ihe
present oi r'ntuic aim- of tin4 1 'niied Kiate^, the pinning
appaiaui-; invented bj Je^e fcS Iliitteiheld, oi Philadelphia.
SECRETARY OF NAVAL SCHOOL.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution: wluch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rewlvrd, That the Committee on Maval A flans be in-
structed to mijuue into the propneiv of inrreasnii,' the com- |'
pmis.ition of tin; societaly of rho Naval School at Annap- ij
c>!, m consideration ot extra duties devolving upon that j]
office. 11
CIVIL WAR IN PERU.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res- !!
olution; which was considered by unanimous con- !
sent, and agreed to: |
Resolved, That the Piopldcnt of the Trnited States bo le- j
quoted to inform the Senate, before the adiournment of [
<!on<rt"CHf\ n' not incompatible with ibo public interest, j
whether the <ioveunn 'nt of the Touted States has, in us i
correspondence with his Etcelieney the i'etuviivn Minis- 1
ter, ieeo«rm/,(;d that a statu of civil war existed in Pe.m
dunr>ff the* late sti u<wle between Vivaneo and Cat-iello, and
w iicth"! an), and what, measures have b/>en taken to pro-
tect American nueio^m ca Lroes ot guano put rimmed fiom
Vivaneo, oi lih* oII'icom or a sent.:, dumii, his occupation ol
anv of the guano i>larufc within the temtotv ol'Peiu.
l-ind be it fmthcr i evolved, That the Pte-ident he ie-
q nested, if not incompatible, with the public inter e>t, to com-
municate to Urn Senate, bt'foi.* the close of the pie^rnt ses-
sion, the correspondence which may have taken pi ice
between this Government and the Government or the .Um-
ister of X'eiu to the Cmted States on this subject.
"WAR STEAMERS.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following1 resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval A ft an s be in-
structed to lisquue into, and report upon, the expediency of
providing tor the construction ot slenm-cniiines suitable tor
the propulsion of vessels of war. iu order that the Govern-
ment nie> atali ume-5 have m depot aMipply ot sueh engines
tul^quaie toprobable want>, whenever the occm rente of
war •-.hall render necessary « iai>id and large increase of the
Nav*\
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED..
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally rend twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (Wo. 219) for the relief of William Heine,
artist in the Japan expedition—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 229) for the relief of Samuel Good-
rich, jr.—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 230) for the relief of Mary Bennett
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 233) for the relief of Sylvanus Burn-
ham—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 238) for the relief of the heirs of
Richard Tarvin—to the Committee 011 Claims.
A bill (No. 239) for the relief of Zina Williams
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 245) for the relief of A. Baudouin
and A. D. Roberts—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 258) for the relief of Augustus J.
Kuhn—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 287) for the relief of Timothy L.
O'Keefee—to the Committee 011 Pensions.
A bill (No. 277) for the relief of Mary Boyle
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 321) for the relief of John B. Iloper
—to the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post
llomis.
A bill (No. 324) to allow the legal represent-
atives of Samuel Jones five yeai s' lull pay in lieu
of hall' pay for life—Lo the Committee oil Revo-
lutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 47G) for the relief of .Tames Itumph
—to the Committee 011 Claims.
A bill (No. 557) making supplemental appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with vat ions Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30,1959—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (No. 269) for the relief of David Bruce—
to the Committee 011 Patents and the X>atent Ofticc.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution, which had
heretofore received the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives:
An act for the relief of Laurent Millaiulon;
All act for the relief of John Dick, of Florida;
An nit for tin: lehef of Anna M. E. Ring, Lou-
isa M. Ring, C01 delta E. Ring, and Sarah J. De
Lanuoy;
An act for the relief of William B. Trotter;
An act for the relief of James (>. Benton, E. B.
Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of the United
Stales Army;
An act for the relief of Susanna T. Lea, widow
and ad 1111111st 1 atrix of James Maglenen, late of
the city of Baltimore, deceased;
An act for the relief of Michael Kinny, late a
private in company I, eighth legunent United
Slates Army;
An act for the relief of John B. Hand;
An act for the relief of Brevet Major James L.
Donaldson, assistant quartermaster, Uniled States
Army;
An act for the relief of William Allen, of Port-
land, ill the State of Maine;
All act explanatory of an act entitled "An act
for the relief of Dempsey Pittman,"approved Au-
gust 16,1856;
An act for the iclief of J. Wilcox Jenkins;
An act for the relief of Pabius Stanley;
An act for the relief of Gooig^ A. O'ihien;
An act for the relief of Rufus Dwinel;
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Keller;
An act to continue a pension to Christine Bar-
nard, widow of the late Brevet Major Moses J.
Barnard, of the United States Army;
l[ A11 act for the relief of Caleb Sherman;
An act for the relief of Stephen R. Rowan;
An act for the relief of Elijah F. Smith, Gilman
H. Perkins, and Charles 1<\ Smith; and
A joint resolution for the relief of John Gray-
son.
RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That Ihe petition of citizens of Michigan, rela-
tive to a division of tfio Indian air<;ncy in that tftiite, be 11:-
eommiiteil to 1 he Committee oa Indian AiT.ies.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STUART. 1 desire to withdraw the pa-
pers in the case of Thomas Henderson. There
has been a report upon his case; but, in Older to
perfect some additional testimony, it is necessary
for him to have the papers. I therefore move
that he have leave to withdraw them from the
files of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it. I know
nothing about this particular case, but I think it
is a dangerous thing for us now to institute the
practice of letting papers be taken away after an
unfavorable report has been made. It is very im-
portant, 111 afterwards considering the case,to have
the papers as they actually were when first pre-
sented. If he bo allowed to take the papers away,
we cannot verify their true character at the time
he presents them again, when they may assume
an entirely different aspect. It will do 110 harm to
let the papers remain.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to suggest to the
Senator, as I did to the Senate, that the applicant
informs me that he cannot make the additional
proof, which is simply the fact that a certain per-
son, alleged to be the heir, is really the heir-at-
law of an individual, without having these papers.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should want something
to show that, because palpably on the face of it,
unless fiom some extraordinary cause, that could
hardly lie necessary.
Mr. STUART. I will say this: that I will ask
the leave of the Senate to withdraw these papers,
leaving' on file copies of them, so that there shall
be no such difficulty.
The order to withdraw the papers was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I ask leave to withdraw the pa-
pers 111 the case of John A. Pitts and Hiram Pitts.
It is an application for an extension of a patent
which has been repotted against; but the parties
desiie to use the papers as evidence in a trial now
pending in court, to be tried about the 20th of
June, at a place in New York. There is an appli-
cation through their attorney. I move that they
have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. EITZPATRICK^it was
O) dcrwL That Edwatd ]J. Tippett have leiu^ to witlldiaw
Ills pel 11 inn and papeis.
RECESS FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to offer a resolution
for a recess, and ask for its present consideration:
RcwlerJ, That on ami alter to-moriovv the Senate will
take a luee^j. trom lirnr o'clock until t>i\ o'clock, p. in.,
until otbciVvi-e 01 tiered.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the resolution
by adding:
Jlc^'hcd, That no member of tlio Sonatn, dining the re-
nKi:n<l'T of th ) ion, shall sprak more than live minutes
on any (;U"^rr>n. except on leave of the Senate, to be gianted
01 loiutcd wiilio'il debate.
Mr. IIUNTISR. I hrheve that is not in order.
It proposes a change of the rules, and requires a
day's notice.
Mr. WADE. If it is objected to, it will lie
over, of course.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator h;\d better ^ive
notice that lie will ofler it to-morrow morning.
Mr. WADE. I give notice that I shall oft'er it
as an independent proposition, and call it up to-
morrow morning.
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand the resolution of the Senator from Virginia
to be before the Senate?
| The VICS PRESIDENT. Yes, air.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 merely wish
: to surest, that if the public business is such as
, to lequire us to take a recess from four to six
o'clock, and is so urgent that discussion should
be narrowed down to five minutes, would it not
be better to postpone the adjournment, and trans-
act the public business in proper manner. I can
work as hard, and can endure as much, as most
men; I have done u, and am willing to do it again;
but to come here at eleven o'clock, sit until four,
then take a lecess and sit here in the night, dis-
ji qualifies men from properly attending to business.
It is by such a process and system that the worst
legislation is always transacted, to the injury oi'
the country. At night sessions we are always m
a hurly-burly, and legislation is done when mem-
bers are all tired.
When members' pay was regulated by the
number of days they sat, the country could then
say they had some inducement for a long session.
Their pay is now fixed by law; they get a certain
sum; and if we leave here, take our pay, and neg-
