464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan Bill—Mr. Andrews.
Ho. of Reps.
bona fide citizens might, by their unbiased choice,
adopt; and, second, that the Federal Government
should be administered economically, and with-
out imposing unnecessary burdens upon the peo-
ple.
In regard to the manner in which the Adminis-
tration has illustrated the first article of its creed,
I have only to say that it employed the first five
months of the present session of Congress in
using all its power and patronage to force upon
Kansas a constitution which the vast majority of
its citizens detest and abhor. On this subject I
am content to leave the Administration to reap
the fruits of its own doings at the ballot-boxes in
Kansas, so soon as they are opened to receive
the indignant votes Qf that people, in August
next, and to the more terrible retribution which
is m store for it, at the autumnal elections in all
the free States of the Republic.
My present business is with the mode in which
the Administration has fulfilled its promises,
made in the heat of the canvass of 1856, in respect
to retrenchment and economy. In doing so, I
shall speak plainly, dealing much more with the
nine digits than with figures of speech.
When Mr. Buchanan took the oath of office,
on the 4th of March, 1857, there was in the Treas-
ury the sum of $17,710,000, or, in round numbers,
$18,000,000. There have been collected from all
sources, and placed in the Treasury during the
first three quarters of the fiscal year which is soon
to expire, $35,000,000. The estimated amount to
be received during the last quarter is $8,000,000.
At an early day in the present session, the Admin-
istration asked for and received the authority to
issueTreasury notes to theamount of $^0,000,000,
and it is now asking for authority to borrow
$15,0UU,000 more. This is proof that, at tin; close
of the fiscal year, the Tteasuiy will be empty.
The cunent fiscal year expires on the 30th of
June. At that time Mr. Buchanan will have been
in power one year and four months. From the
foregoing statements it will he seen that, during
these sixteen months, this "economical" Admin-
istration will have spent the^lti,000*000 which it
found in the Treasury when it took office, and the
$43,000,000 which have since hcen received into
the Treasury, and pre11 y much all the §20,000,000
of Treasury notes which it hus had authority to
issue; making a grand total of $81,000,000 which
this ''economical," hard money," u pay-as-
you-go" Administration has? used up in the first
sixteen months of its existence ! And now, like
Oliver Twist, it clamors formore!" The fa-
mous 41 South Sea bubble" of the olden time was
no match for this Administration in regard to
plethoric promises and lean performances.
Thus stands the account:
In the Tieasury $17,710,000
Ituveiuio forilncc quaitciN  35,U)>U,O00
Pi ecritt quai tcr  8,00s),Odu
Treasuty uoics issued  SO.OUtM'OO
Loan asked    15,uOu,OOi)
710,000
It came into power by virtue of pledges of econ-
omy, letienclimcnt, and opposition to all schemes
of public debt. Once clothed with the robes of
office, and with the key of the. Treasury m its
hand, it lias, like a reckless spendthrift, disposed
of all the money it can get hold of, and all that it
can beg or borrowj„unli( it has become a senous
question, which every member of this House
should ask himself, " where is ail this to end r>
It is startling to look at the increase in the ex-
penditures of the Government, and the contrast
between 41 economical Democracy "and the paity
chargcd with profusion and wasteful disburse-
ment:
Momoe's Administration (four years) ${G,432.oS2 75
Adams's "    51,<>71,933 SH)
Jackson's " (second term)  ]u^0,"i,73o 81
Van Buren>9 «  110.673,-127 81
Harrison's "    78.163.312 81
Polk's "      165,481,013 33
TaWor's " first year, £21),727.261 02*
(Fillmore) second year, $39,623w&5  158,161.508 73
Fieice's Administration   232,820,622 35
Buchanan's Administration, first year, spent
$81,000,000; and at that rate will run up to
over three hundred and twenty million dollais.
** Where is this to endJ"
The loan of $15,000,000, which the Administra-
tion is now asking, will undoubtedly be granted.
Now, is there any man, either in or out of Con-
gress, who does not believe that at an early day
of the next session the cry of the party in power
will be, (i Give us more money ! we want more
money ! the Treasury is empty, and we must
have more money?"
The economical people of this country—those
who keep an eye to the debit and credit sides of
their legers, or those who earn their daily bread
by honest toil—these are not a niggardly people
in money matters. They are honest, and they are
loyal and generous. If it be necessary to raise and
spend money for any wise or useful purpose, they
are ready to vote it to the extent of the demand;
but they always want to know, and sooner or
later they always will know, for what purpose it
is used. When the great body of the intelligent
and honest masses of the American people—thf^t
vast majority of our constituents who neither
seek nor desire nor would hold office—when they
learn that this Administration lias exhausted all
the money in the Treasury, and has borrowed
$35,000,000 during the first session of Congress to
which it had access, they will ask, in emphatic
tones, " What have you done, and what do you
propose to do, with this money r"
If this question is honestly answered, they will
learn that not one dollar of this vast sum has
been or is to be expended in improving our har-
bors on the lakes and on the sea-board, or to clear
out our navigable rivers; that though the com-
merce on our inland lakes and rivers amounts
annually to hundreds of millions of dollars—an
amount greater than the whole export trade of the
United States; and though the human beings, pas-
sengersand sailors, whose lives aro put to hazard
on these waters, are counted by hundreds of thou-
sands, yet not one dim«c can be wrung from this
Administration to render the harlors of these
lakes and the channels of these rivers more com-
modious and safe for this meieantile marine and
lit; costly and precious freightage ofgoods, wares,
and merchandise, and its still more precious lives
of men, women, and children. We need no forts or
castles, sir, to protect our harbors; the negligence
and inattention of Congress luwc furnished their
security against enemies and fnends alike, in their
dilapidation and nun.
1 instance one of our lake harbors—rather an
extreme case, but a tolerably fair sample of many
others. For this one, the War Department has
recommended and uigud upon this llouse an im-
mediate appropriation of $41,01)0, to secure it
lrom total nun. The report says:
"The eiiKt piei, two thousand and thirty-four feet Ions,
was lepoited hv Colonel Turuhull, as long aszo as Scpiem
ber, 18o3, to bo in a much deesiyed condition, and an nppio
pnaiion of $21.530 w;i> recommended by lum loi us repair,
but it was novel granted, it imi^t now be entirely rebuilt
from two toot below the water level to live feet above.
Theie are aUo pm lions that are dilapidated to a great depth
below ihe water suiiacc, and, as Colonel Turnbult justly
state-! in hi«< I.W two .uimial lepoif*, ' in modi fate sales of
wind it i« entirely vubmoiged, which renders the nnpto.ich
of ve—-els to the enti.uiee of the river very dangeiou.? '
u For tin.-' object, including the teamieawavand icinova]
of the decayed portion, f lu-iewith pie^ent an estimate
marked 1', ainoiimum to §'11,08-1 31
u \ would leeoinmend, in order to pifvent the ruin of the
haibor, that tins appiopuation be immediately gianted m
can' appiopuation "
The city of Rochester, of which this harbor of
Genesee is the port—a city of fifty thousand inhab-
itants, surrounded by one of the mosi fertile and
productive regions of country the sun shines upon
—according to reports of the Treasury Depart-
ment, has paid into the Treasury for the past year
the net income of $142,579 50—an amount exceed-
ed by only nine ports on the whole Atlantic coast,
and only by Chicago and Milwaukee on the lakes*
of this sum less than one third is required and i e-
ported indispensable for necessary repairs of this
best haibor, and the only one of value to com-
merce for safety on eighty miles of lake coast.
On the submerged pier referred to, lying like
sunken rocks at the mouth of the harbor, some
five or six vessels have been stranded during the
past year—one vessel, cargo and crew lost; and
this Sarrier, which the Government has placed
there, it will neither lepair nor remove.
Not one dollar can be obtained, either in the
form of ready money or credit, for the construc-
tion of a Pacific railway, that iron band, stronger
than any provision of the Constitution, which is
to bind together, in indissoluble fellowship, the
States on the oriental and the occidental sides
of the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra Nevada.
Though all branches of the business and all de-
scriptions of the labor of the country—agricul-
tural, mechanical, manufacturing, and commercial
—are depressed, sorely depressed, yet this Ad-
ministration seems only busy in finding out how
and where it can get money to spend, while it
seems to have no sympathy with, nor plans to re-
lieve, these prostrate and struggling branches of
industry. Indeed, it appears to me that the bold,
palpable fact, that the party in power proposes to
do nothing for them, will startle the country quite
as much as its reckless expenditure of all the
moneys in the Treasury, together with all it can
borrow. In so doing, it not only shows its utter
want of regard for the business and laboring
! classes of the country, but it strikingly illustrates
' its wide departure from the old landmarks of" De-
mocracy." If any one partisan idea has been rid-
den harder than another in late years, by the self-
styled Democracy, it is their " anti-debt5' hobby.
With them, to run in debt at all was not to be
tolerated, except under the pressure of inexorable
necessity, a dernier resort when all other expedients
had failed. And to contract a debt without at the
same time providing, either presently or in the
future, a specific mode and reliable means for the
payment of the debt, was not only bad political
economy, but was the very rankest type and the
very surest test of " old Federalism."
And now, what do we see ? We find this " anti-
debt" paity,this '• pay-as-you-go" party, ask-
ing for an extraordinaiy issue of $20,000,000 of
Tieasury notes, and an extraordinary loan of
$15,000,000, without providing any means for the
redemption of the former, or the payment of the
latter, except the ordinary income of the Treas-
ury, which we all know is not adequate to meet
the current expenditures of the Government us at
present managed. I find in this state of things, a
confession, not only that the party now in power
| ■ has ceased to be " Democratic," according to the
jj long-approved standaids of orthodoxy, but has
jl become so thoroughly convinced of its incapacity
!! to administer the Government on any sound prin-
i eiples, that it has made up its mind to struggle
; tin ough its four years in the best way it can, bor-
rowing here, and " shmning"there,and throwing
out its r.otes yonder, and to leave to its present op-
ponents the task of ptoviding the means, during
the next four years, for the ultimate payment of
the debts which it had recklessly contracted.
Tins brings me natuially to the consideration
of the question, how arc these debts to be paid ?
How is the country to Le relieved from its em-
barrassment? How are its great business inter-
ests—agriculture, manufactures, mechanic arts,
commerce, m a word, all the industrial pursuits
which diversify Ameiican labor, and which are
now so depressed—how arc these to be relieved ?
In my judgment, these objects can never be ac-
complished except by such a revision of the pres-
ent tariff as will bung into the Treasury a larger
amount of money; while at the same time protec-
tion is extended to all the various branches of
industry. For the last few years we have been
importing from foreign countries goods, wares,
and merchandise, to the amount of from three hun-
dred to three hundred and seventy million dollars
annually. In the last fiscal year, the value of our
, imports was $360,890,141. Of this amount of
manufactures, (for they were chiefly manufac-
tured articles,) 1 doubt not that if the tariff of
1842 had continued in force to this time, with such
modifications as experience had shown to be wise,
a very considerable share would have been pro-
duced in this country.
I am not going into an argument at this time to
prove the utility of a tariff policy which shall
harmoniously blend the two features of revenue
and protection. I think bitter experience is teach-
ing the people that a return to such a policy, or,
if it be contended that we have never had a tariff
which propeily blended these two features, then,
that the early adoption of such a policy is abso-
lutely essential to restore and place on a permanent
basis the prosperity of all classes in this country.
Of the $360,000,000 of manufactured goods
] which we imported last year, it is a libel on Amer-
| lean skill and capital to say, that under the fos-
; tering care of a wisely-adjuste'd tariff, we cannot
