THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session-.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1858.
New Series No. 27,
should be submitted to Congress, and subjected
to their revision, did they ever become independ-
ent laws of the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And there was no such
provision m the act organizing: the Territory of
Kansas. Then that goes far enough for my pur-
pose,
Mr. DAVIS. Then it became the law of the
Territory, in the language of that statute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But there is no such au-
thoritjr to enforce the law of the Territory. The
authority is confined to preventing obstructions
to the laws of the United States—not the laws of
any particular State.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator, I think, has cer-
tainly not looked at this subject lately, or he would
find that provision is made upon the application
of the Governor or Legislature of a State to the
President, for him to call out the militia, and use
the Army and Navy to maintain the laws of a
State within its own limits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly, under cer-
tain circumstances; but, as I say, that is not spe-
cifically given to the Governor of any Territory
anywhere that I can find. I do not know that I
shall convince the Senator, ns his mind is made
up; but I wish to explain what I have thought
myself. I say that under these statutes there is
no specific authority in regard to a Terntoiy. If
there is, it arises Ijy implication from the word
" Territory " being used. My own idea is, that
it was an omission in the act. I do not know that
I should quarrel about it, because I am willing to
give all power that is necessary. I should take
no exception, even under these acts, to a legiti-
mate use of the Army for proper purposes, if the
power could be derived by any implication, and
its exercise was absolutely necessary. The point
I make is, that I could never see that it was act-
ually given by the terms of the statute to which
gentlemen have referred, as conferring it. I be-
lieve the Attorney General, in arguing the matter,
does notderive the whole power from the first sec-
tion I have read, giving a general authority 
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Attorney General's
opinion was that the militia could be employed
within a Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By virtue of the fir&t sec-
tion?
Mr. DAVIS. That by virtue of the first act
he has referred to, the militia could be employed
in a Territory as a necessary consequence of the
power of the Government over a Territory, and
the grant within the limits of a State. In relation
to the act of 1807, I do not think the opinion of
the Attorney General was asked for, or that his
opinion touches that question at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to the act
of 1807 my point is that it confers no new power
and simply changes the instrumentality. The
President had the power before to use the militia
in certain cases and for certain purposes, and in
those cases and for those purposes, conferred by
previous laws, the President had by that latter act
the power to use the Army. It goes no further.
It makes no new cases and provides for no new
purposes anywhere that I can conceive, although
it might have been the intention of the act so to
do.
I rose simply to state more specifically the
points which I made before in reference to these
matters, in order that they might be more defi-
nitely understood, as the Senator from Missis-
sippidid not seem exactly to comprehend the ideas
I intended to convey; but I wish to say one word
before closing, in reply to what I understood to
be the argument of my friend from New York.
If I believed that this mciease of the Army was
absolutely necessary in order to bring about a
proper state of things m the Territory of Utah, I
should agree with him,and I would be wiHmgto
vote for any increase that was necessary to effect
that purpose or any similar purpose; but the point
I make, and the difficulty m my own mind, is,
that there has been no attempt to demonstrate that
anything of that kind is necessary in the Terri-
tory of Utah. The Senator from Mississippi ex-
27
press!y gives it up. Ho does not base the demand
which is made for an increase of the Army upon
existing difficulties in Utah at all, but upon an-
other ground; and when my friend assumes that
to be the fact as a basis for his proposed action,
he assumes what is not asserted by the Adminis-
tration, what is not asserted by the Secretary of
War, and not contended for by the Committee on j'
Military Affairs, who have reported this bill. It l\
is something winch he ar-somes for himself as the '
basis of Ins own actum ;!
If there weic any frets in the case to convince
mc that the proposed increase of six thousand or j-
seven thousand men was necessary, in order to ,,
accomplish that purpose, to restore peace in that u
Territory, and to preserve the rights of our peo- ^
pie who travel in that region, it might be another li
question; but the difficulty in my mind has been \\
from the beginning —and I shall be convinced only •;
when that difficult v is removed—that no facts have i!
been exhibited to show us that this increase is
necessary for any of these purposes. It rests on
assertions that have been used ever since I remem-
ber anything about public affairs to authorize an
increase of the Army from time to time, until it has
gone from eight thousand, where it was fixed in !■
1842, to eighteen thousand now, and is going on :
upon the same principle, without any facts, or any '
war, in tune of peace, legulaily, unless wo check ,
it in the beginnine;, from eighteen thousand to '
thirty thousand, and from thirty thousand up to ^
fifty thousand, find God only knows where if will ;>
end, if we arc to receive nn-re statements and de- j
mands of the Administiation instead of facts to
show that something of the kind js absolutely
needed by the exigency of the country. We must
stop somewhere; we must call for proofs some- 1
where; we must call for facts at some point, and
not go blindlyon metelyto register the decrees of ij
an Administration who say to us that more troops t,
are wanted, without tellinguswhy or wherefore, .
or giving us facts to establish their opinions, if j;
they give us any opinions on the subject. i;
Mr. DAVIS. I shall detain the Senate but a h
very few minutes upon the point which is so often • >,
renewed of the connection of the campaign to ;
Utah with the proposed increase of the Army. j.
It i* not presented in the report of the Secretary j
of VVai as hivs reason for the increase. The Com- !
mandmg General of the Army states that the
inciease is necessary without reference to the '
troubles in Utah. Whilst 1 denied in the begin-
ning that that was the reason for the request that 11
the Army should be increased, it is nevertheless
certainly clear that the withdrawal of the troops i!
from other service to make a campaign to Utah ..
creates a necessity for increasing the Army. So, !
if it be necessary to keep troops in Kansas, the !,
withdiawal of those tioops frum their ordinary ]
duties on the frontier creates a necessity for an i
increase. j;
Tiie argument of the Senator from New York,
based on the expectation of a campaign, such as ;l
may prove to be true, would require a large in- j!
crease of the Army for that purpose, and if the ',
Army were increased to the whole extent the bill -
proposes, and the campaign should realize the j
expectations of the Senatoi from New York, it ;
would pi obably require all our troops to carry on ,|
the service at that point. In the mean time our H
forts along the sea-board are wholly abandoned; H
all our troops are thrown on the frontier. We;|
have now only at one or two points any artillery ''
force to hold possession of our fortifications. This
is a condition of things which I hold to be objec- \
tionabie, against which we should provide. If I
the campaign to Utah be made by the Adminis- lj
tration, as they have power to make it, and troops J j
be withdiawn from other points,and it be neces- i!
sary to increase the force and put troops at the ji
other points, I do not think it is right for Con- |!
gress to refuse that increase because they may L
not approve of the campaign to Utah. They have j;
not the power to prevent it, and therefore they j t
are bound to submit to it. At the same time it is i i
possible for us to get along without any garrisons !j
m the fortifications. I rose merely to say that the
argument based on the theory of the campaign to
Utah, sometimes taken on the one side and some-
times on the other, leads to a conclusion which I
think is not true.
Mr. PUGrH. I propose to the Senator from
New York an amendment, in the shape of a pro-
viso, to the second and third sections of the bill,
which I think will accomplish his purpose. I
propose to add to the second section the follow-
ing:
Provided. That after the expiiation of two years from the
date ofthi^ iH-t.no Anther enlistment shall he made for any
regiment, until each company theicof shall be reduced to
eighty pi ivatc-s.
To the third section I propose to add:
Provided, That after the expiration of two yeat> from the
date of this act, no further appointment of assi>titnt surgeons
shall he made until the number thereof shall be reauced
below the number heretofore allowed by law.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be printed
Mr. PUGH. I offer these amendments inform-
ally, and move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 26, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William D. Haley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
STENOGRAPHER TO SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER istated the business first in
order to be the ordering the main question on the
following resolution, offered yesterday by Mr.
Stanton:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate the charges against member* and officer* of the last
Congress, growing out of the disbursement of any sum of
money by Lawrence, Stone &Oo., be authorized to employ
a stenographer, at the usual rate of compensation.
The main question was ordered; and, under the
operation of the previous question, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr, STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSION BH L.
Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion for one moment, to enable
me to move to refer to a committee some papers,
now on file, in reference to a private claim.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would do so with
a great deal of pleasure, but that debate closcs at
one o'clock to-day, and every moment that 1
would give away now would be deducted fiora
the time of the gentleman who has tin* floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana, that the reference can
be made under the rules of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whota
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Winslow m the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill (No. 3) making appropriations for the^pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States, for the year ending 30th June, 1859, Mr.
Anderson being entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise for
the purpose of availing myself of the present op-
portunity to submit to thisHouse and the country
the views that will control my action in reference t. >
the admission of Kansas underthe Lecomp ton con-
stitution. But, before doing so, as 1 am a stranger
here, belonging to neither of the prominent polit-
ical parties, and having up to this time remained
a-silent member, it may be well enough for me,
in order that 1 may not be misunderstood bv my
political friends, nor misrepresented by my polit-
ical enemies, to define my position, i am, sir, the
