1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 6.
mittce of Ways and Means come in here with a :
bill making appropriations of nearly eight millions
of dollars for the Army, overand above the annual :
appropriations for the Government, we should
know how the money is to be expended, and why
this large increase of the annual appropriation.
They do not tell us that it is all for deficiencies.
Why not put it, then, in separate bills in accord-
ance with the existing law and usage of the body ?
Why put it all in a deficiency bill and claim it as
a deficiency when there is really only a deficiency
of between three and four million dollars? I be-
lieve that is the amount, although I have not esti-
mated it particularly.
What else do we find, sir, in this biH ? Gentle-
men get up here and ask us why we strike at small
matters,and why we do not strike at millions. Sir,
it is the principle, and not the amount that I care
for. Our sympathies are appealed to. Wc are
asked to vote this money for the employes about
this Capitol because they are gentlemen, and are
courteous and polite, and they have treated us
courteously and politely—at least that has been
my experience. But we are told that we make
war upon these little boys, and upon the clerks
who get up statistics and facts for the House. Sir,
it is part, of their duty to do so; and 1 say now, if
those gentlemen are not satisfied with their sala-
ries, let them vacate their offices. I hold to the
doctrine that there is as good material in the coun-
try, out of which to make public officers, as there
is in office; and that there is no man employed
under the Government whose place cannot he sup-
plied. You tell me about the efficiency of these
cleiks. I grant you that they are efficient. I
grant you that they have discharged their duties
faithfully uud efficiently. But is that any reason
why you should put your arms into the public
Treasury, and by a species of favoiitism—for it
is put upon no other ground—take from the public
Treasury money to put into the pockets of these
men? And for what? Km services which they
rendoied to the countiy? No, sir; but as a bonny,
as a mere bonus, and nothing moie.
Gentlemen have referred us to precedents. I
care nothing for pie-'edenIs where they are wi ong
and in violation of law. Let me recall to the i col-
lection of gentlemen who wcie then here, the man-
ner in which these resolutions were passed at the
iastCongress. I say hoic that it was disgraceful, ,
and J do not use too strong a woid. IIow were
they passed ? 1 well remember that when on the
3d day of March, 1857, the rcMdutfon was offered
here to gi\e extra compensation to the employes
about the Capitol, various gentlemen rose and
asked members to give us the yeas and nays upon
the proposition; but we were frowned down and
refused the yeas and nays. We wete told it was
a small matter. When we were called upon to
violate the law and appropiiate money which we
had no authority to do, we were told that it was
a small matter.
Mr. SEWARD, Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the act of a former Congress put
any restraint upon the last Congress,and that we
had no right to pass the resolution?
Mr BURNETT. No, sir; I say that, the res-
olution which was passed has been declared by
the Secretary of the Treasury to be in conflict with
law, and that this House had no power to pass
such a resolution, there being a law upon the
statute-book which forbid the appropriation of
the contingent fund of the House for such a pur-
pose.
I will read the gentleman what the Secretary of
the Treasury says:
" If 1 could find any evidence that the question had boon
the fculijeci of serious consideiation. and an opinion pto-
nounced formally upon it, and acquiesced in, I should hesi-
tate long belore resorting to a new construction of the taw.
But such is not the ca*e; and 1 am &o fully impressed with ,
the wisdom of thp Uuv, and the clearly expressed purpose ,
of Congress to make it peimanent, that I must lequire its
enticement.:
Mr. SEWARD. As I understand it, the Sec-1
rotary of the Treasury based his decision upon ;
the law fixing the salaries of these officers; and ■
the reason why lie would not pay this extra com-
pensadoti was, because it was not incorporated in '
.in appropriation bill, but merely in a resolution !
of the House itself, which is not a law. I admit ,
that.
Mr. BURNETT. Then we do not disagree at
all. You have to givo vitality to your resolution,
by an act of Congress, before you can draw the !
money from the public Treasury. I say that your
resolution was wrong in its inception; that it was
void ab initio; and, therefore, when you under-
take to give it vitality by an act of Congress, you
violate your duty.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to make a suggestion
to the gentleman at that point. It will probably
help his argument.
Mr. BURNETT. I know my friend would
argue this question with much more ability than
I can do; but I prefer to do my own speaking.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely want to state a
fact.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman from Ken-
tucky declines to yield the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to say, in regard to
these extra-compensation resolutions, that I am
not one of those who are responsible for their
passage. During the short period of my service
here, I have been opposed to these things; but
when we have called for the yeas and nays, so
that we might put ourselves on record, and let
the country know who it is that votes away the
money, we could not get a corporal's guard to
stand up. Why is- it that, out of two hundred
and thiity-odd gentlemen, we cannotget enough
to order the yeas and nays? Gentlemen come
i ound and tell us that we must not complain about
small matters. Sir, if the pay of these clerks is
not sufficient, increase it. If the pay of the mes-
sengers and pages is not enough, increase it. But
I ask gentlemen whether it is right, at the close
of a session of Congress, for us to pass resolutions
attempting to appropriate money out of the public
Trcasury to these men as a bonus ?—for it amounts
to nothing else.
Now, wc have had precedents referred to. I do
not charge this thing upon any particular party
here. It has been the course of members of all
parties upon this floor. But your precedent is
not woith a cent, if it is wrong. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] expressed the opinion
that thitj piovision, which was incorporated in
the act of 1854, wmn a mere limitation. Did he
give any reason for it, further than his mere
opinion ? Here is the opinion of the Secretary of
tlie Treasury—upon whom the gentleman relied
as an authority for the passage of this third sec-
tion of the bill, and he tells you, and I indorse
the opinion fully, that there is no doubt it was
intended to be a permanent provision; he so con-
strued it.
Nov/, let me call attention to another fact. 1
admit that the employes here are efficient and faith-
ful. I make no war upon them. But we have been
told that, these men have been paid. Have these
messengers and employes been paid ? No, sir; not
a dollar of this extra compensation have they been
paid. ButlgrantthatthegentlemanfiomAlabama
[Mr. Dowdell] gives us a case here which may
have some equity in it. He says that the poison
who bought up these claims paid, including in-
terest on the advance, more than the amount of
the extra compensation. But it is a notorious
fact that these claims were hawked about here in
Washington, and that the sharpers who hang
around the Capitol here are the men who are now
clamorous for tins money.
Under the resolutions voted, you gave to Mr.
Barclay, by the last section of the b;ll, $5,900 97;
you gave to Mr. Buck $4,320; to another you gave
$1,748; to another, #'2,652; and to others numer-
ous sums of a less amount. You are not told
that the law authorizes this; you arc asked to put
it in the deficiency bill so as to enable these gen-
tlemen to draw the money from the Treasury.
Now, I ask every member of the House whatjus-
tice is there in this? These gentlemen have dis-
charged their duties at salaries fixed by law, and
now you are asked to put your hands into the
Treasury and make them these extra appropri-
ations; and though they do not amount in all to
more than twenty-five thousand dollars, I ask if
it is right for us to do it. Have these gentlemen
any claims, equitable or legal, on Congress for
this money? None whatever. I say that the prop-
osition of thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gar-
nett] is a good one; that this bill bo recommit-
ted to the Committee of Ways and Means with
instructions. I can never give my assent or my
vote to a bill which contains in it provisions of
this character.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman,
there are questions presented by this bill of very
great magnitude. There may be objections to
various features of the bill. I am, however, not
one of those who are disposed to take exception
to the appropriation proposed to be made in the |||
third section, which contemplates paying the em-
ployes of the House; or to others of a similar -
character, in other parts of the bill.
But there is an objection existing in my mind
with regard to another portion of this bill, which
will compel me to vote against it. I would be
disposed to vote for an appropriation for the pay-
ment of these employes, although I voted against
the resolution granting them that extra compen-
sation. I should be inclined to make no difficulty
in regard to carrying out an implied obligation
growing out of the action of my brethren who
were members of the last House. But there is
an important principle involved in our action on
this bill. I conceive that that principle is one
which lies at the very foundation of all good gov-
ernment, and that if we go on and recognize the
mode of action proposed to be adopted now, we
are laying the foundation of unnumbered evils.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
gave utterance to much that I heartily approve.
The theory of our Government, as he well said,
is violated by this proceeding. It is intended,
under our system, that Congress should carry on
the public business; that Congress should make
provision for what is to be done, and that it
should regulate the expenditures of the Govern-
ment. It is not designed that the executive branch
of the Government of the United States should
go further than to execute the laws. The giving
it motion, and the shadowing out of the policy of
the nation is confided to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. It is that body that is to deteimine
what is necessax-y for the public service. It is
that body that is to determine what the public
interests require should be undertaken. It is the
duty of that body to provide the means for car-
rying on the particular enterprises which it sees
fit to determine on carrying on. And, sir, it is
a fundamental principle of our Government that
no money shall be drawn from the Treasury of
the United States, except in pursuance of ap-
propriations made by law. The power of taxa-
tion, of raising revenue, is vested in Congress
alone. It is the peculiar function of the Con-
gress of the United States to devise the means of
raising the funds necessary for carrying on the
public service, to fill the public Treasury, and to
determine for what purposes, at what times, and
in what manner the disbursements of the public
treasure shall be made. Congress provides an
Army. Congress provides the various means of
carrying on the public business. It is the duty
of the Executive to give effect to the laws of Con-
gress. It is the duty of the Executive to expend
the public funds, under the authority of law, for
the purpose of carrying out the designs of Con-
gress, of giving effect to the public policy which
Congress has determined shall be carried out.
But, Mr. Chairman, the executive department
of the Government has no independent, original
power over the public affairs of the nation. When
the appropriations made by Congress are ex-
hausted, the Executive cannot go on to make fur-
ther expendituresoutofthcpublicTreasury. Nor
is he authorized to change the whole scheme and
course of administration at his discretion, so as
to augment the public expenditures in such a man-
ner as to expend in one part of the year what was
intended to supply the public wants during the
whole of the year. Such a course is in violation
of the fundamental principle of the public admin-
istration of a republican government. Its \yhole
frame-work, all its provisions and checks, were
devised and contrived to prevent any necessity
.for anything of the sort. It is the province of
Congress to look at the posture of the public busi-
ness; to ascertain what theexigencies of the pub-
lic service will require, and to provide for them.
When, in view of what it is presumed will be tho
state of things during the year, the Congress of
the United States has made certain appropriations,
and something not contemplated occurs so that
the appropriations are sooner exhausted than was
expected when they were made, will any one
pretend to say that it is compatible with the ge-
nius of our institutions, or with the principles on
which tho Government is founded, for the Execu-
tive still to continue to employ the public treasure
without the authority of law ? No, sir; our Con-
