2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
lion of theSenator from Virginia, which furnishes
us time to prosecute the public business, so as to
get it through, if it is possible, by the 7th of June.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will pause a moment. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New York that, upon
examining these two resolutions further, he be-
lieves the amendment suggested by the Senator
from New York would be in order if it be desired
hereafter to offer it.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope he will offer it.
Mr. SEWARD. I will then, with the consent
of the honorable Senator from California, offer
my resolution as a substitute for that of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
The VICE" PRESIDENT. The immediate
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. SEWARD. But, if the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, I will state very briefly that
the resolution to rescind the former one fixing the
day of adjournment, if it is to be passed by both
Houses, ought to go to the House of Represent-
atives as early as to-day. If it is postponed until
Thursday or Friday it will be too late. I wish
to state further, that I think we are only m the
beginning of a great question about curtailing the
legislative sessions of this country. The policy
of the States for seveial years past lias been to
abridge the sessions of their Legislatures. In
some Stales they will not allow the Legislature
to sit over one hundred days; in some States, sixty
clays. In other States they will not allow a Le-
gislature even to meet more than once in two
years. And finally this policy which has thus
been adopted in so many of the States has reached
us here, and we are engaged m curtailing the ses-
sions of the National Legislature, the only fruit
of which must be the increase of the power of
the executive department, transferred from our
own supervision to the uncontrolled supervision
of the executive administration. I wish to meet
that question at the threshold. I shall hereafter
vote to retain Congress in its place to perform its
duties and render the necessary support to the
Executive, and supervise executive action, in-
stead of voting to release them from attendance;
and I am glad i can do it undir circumstances
which will relieve me and the Congress of the
United States 1'iom any suspicion of pecuniary
interest in insisting upon such a measure.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from New York is not before
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not before the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
on the question pending.
Mr. (J-VVLN. Then J. will speak to the ^so-
lution before the Senate. Itspassage nnift, neces-
sarily, pieelude a portion of the members of the
body from paiticipatingin its proceedings. Every
member of the St nate, whose health is .such (hat
he cannot attend the evening sessions, will not
attend those sessions. There aiesome members
he.ie whose health will not permit them to attend
night sessions. The Senator from Mississippi,
(Mr. Davis) for instance, who has been a long
time out of his seat, and has just been able within
the last few days toiesume it, and who is chair-
man of one of the most impouani committees of
the body. It will be impossible, I take it for
granted, for him to do so without cndangei ing his
health. Then there is the Senator from Texas,
(Mr. 13 E.vpensoM,) who is not even now able to
be in his seat, and in bad weather cannot attend
the Senate. Tnere are other Senators m the same
condition. It seems to me that the proper eouise
for us to adopt, would be to meetai ten or eleven
o'clock, and sit until live or six or sevmt o'clock,
ifneed be, m the evening, and then adjourn; but
we ought to pass the resolution of the Senator
from New York, first, and s«-'e whelherthe House
oi Representatives will extend the session.
If the resolutions of tlie, Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] should pass, as they will, it seems to
me that we assume a belligerent attitude towards
the greatest naval Power of the world, and adjourn
without provjdmg'any means for the President to
enforce the punciplesavowed in these resolutions,
and thus maintain the honor and dignity of the
country. If,as some suppose, and as i suppose,
this difficulty is not to be amicably settledr I am
astonished at the pertinacity with which this effort
to adjourn Congress on the 7th of June is pressed
by members of this body and the other House of
Congress. For a quarter of a century, Congress
has never adjourned at a long session within that
period of time; and we have got more important
questions that it is our duty to act upon at this
very time than ever have been before the Con-
gress'of the United States within a week of its
adjournment. I hope, therefore, that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
will be voted down in the first place, and that the
resolution of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] postponing the adjournment, will be
| adopted. It is a farce to pass the resolutions of
| the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] without
giving the President the means to enforce them.
If England insists on the rightof visitation, there
will be war, and the sooner we prepare for the
contest the better.
j Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
| York will not push his proposition as an amend-
< ment to my resolution. I myself believe that we
] shall have to extend the session; and while I j
I would vote against such a proposition as an
I Amendment to the resolution I have offered for a
recess, 1 might be willing to vote for some scheme
I of extending the session. I do not think it will
, require to be extended so longas the Senator from
' New York pioposcs. I believe that to-day fort-
I night we shall probably get through with every-
' thing that requires our attention; and therefore J
j should not be unwilling to vote against every
I scheme forextendmg the session, but I must vote
j airamst it as an amendment to this resolution. I
j think we ought to take a recess, and make an
| honest effort, if we can, to carry out this joint
i resolution. 1 am willing to do so; and then, if
! we find that we cannot carry out the joint rcsolu-
i lion, and cannot get through with the business
; in a week, let us extend the time another week.
1 That seems to me to be proper. 1 hope the Sen-
1 ator will lot us take the sense of the Senate on
this, and offer his resolution afterwaids.
j Mr. EESS&NDEN. i wiSh simply, by way
; of explaining my own vote, to express my oon-
| currence with the views of the Senator from Vir-
I gmia. I am perfectly willing, if the public busi-
Tness requires it, to stay here longer than the time
| fixed; but I wish, m the first place, to make an
' honest, smceie effort to get through by the time
: fixed 1 believe that we can accomplish very
i much if we get together m the evenings at six
! o'clock, instead of sitting here to the late hour we
j do t m thi* aftei noon. We shall not be so exhausted,
■ and wo can accomplish more. At ony rate, we
1 can show a desire to the other House to get through
by the time fixed—an honest desire to meet their
' wishes which have been expressed on the sub-
■ ]ect—and then, if the public business requires it,
[ would stay here longer; but 1 do not anticipate
the difficulties spoken of by ihe Senator from New
Yurk. if we send his resolution down to the other
House at any time, it will go therewith much
: more force after we have ascertained to a reason-
! ahie certainty that the, business cannot be con-
' eluded, than if we send it down in advance.
, Therefore, while i shall vote against this as an
' amendment, 1 wish to say that, if at the proper
' time I find the business requires it, I am perfectly
i willing to extend the session to such time as will
enable us to finish the business; but until that time
■ comes, until the necessity is manifest, I hope wc
; hhall go on and endeavor to do what wc can.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
; the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, to
'! add to the resolution the words " and will not
■ continue such session beyond ten o'clock, p. m."
,j The amendment was rejected; and the question
' recurred on the original resolution.
Mr. {SEWARD. I offer my resolution as an
amendment, to strike out all after the word " re-
!■ solved," and mseit:
The Hou^e of Representative-8oonounins,that the re^o-
1 !uiio:i (In( enii'* the t'leMdenr of the nate and the Speaker
J' oi the or Repie-riitanve-; to deciaie then ie<pocuve [
! [fuit-c, adjourned une die on the fn^t Monday of June next, ;
at !*2 o'clock, m , be, ard the same is hereby, icseuided, 1
and that the I'l^ident of the innate and the Spi-wkoi of the \
House of Repioeiitanvrs deohue their respective Houses ;
'i adjourned sine die on Monday, the :2i t ot June next, at :
' twelve <A lock, m. \
1 ! i
Mr. BIGLER. Is that amendment in order ? ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chan* thinks
the amendment is in oider.
Mr. BIGLER. It destroys the original prop-
osition entirely, for it is of a different character.
The original resolution proposes to regulate the
order of business in the Senate; the amendment
has reference to the adjournment of Congress;
they are entirely different propositions; the one
is not necessarily affected by the other. I suggest
to the honerable Senator from New York whether
his amendment can be entertained. It does not
relate to the transaction of business here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has de-
cided the amendment to be in order.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; butl think it is a settled prin-
ciple that a proposition which destroys entirely
the sense of an original motion, ought not to be
entertained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will say
to the Senator that it is expressly laid down that
it may be done. That is a mode often adopted to
make the friends of the original proposition de-
sert it. An amendment may be totally inconsist-
ent; but it is not for the Chair to reject it on the
ground of inconsistency.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike out" 21st,"
and insert u 14th." I shall then vote against the
proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I voted against the foolisli pro-
ject to limit this session. 1 thought it wrong then;
but I find those gentlemen who were so earnest
to do it then, very anxious now to retrieve th'Mr
blunder. The Senator from Virginia has nvirie
a fair proposition that we make an honest effort
to redeem the vote we gave, and now comes in
this proposition here, with an evident attempt to
embarrass some of us who were then right, and
who want to carry out what they forced upon us.
I hope the Senator from Virginia, if this be pro-
posed, will withdraw his motion, and let us take
a vote on this, and I will vote to extend the ses-
sion, and then make his motion, and 1 will vote
with him. I do not want to be complicated by
this amendment, and I have asked, personally,
that it should not be pressed upon me.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, because we
do not know yet whether the session should be
extended.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a motion made
to insert the " 14th" for the " 21st."
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that. I shall vote
both against the amendment of the Senator from
Maine and the amendment of the Senator from
New York on this ground: it requires the joint
action of the House, and m the interim it is per-
fectly evident that wc must pass the resolution of
the Senator from Virginia. The House may or
may not act upon our resolution, if wc should
pass it to-day; and in the mean time, if we should
go on without a recess, the House may determine
that they will jiot extend tin; session. I think it
much more appropriate to pass the resolution of
the Senator from ^rgmia, and then, as a distinct
resolution, if it is considered necessary that the
session should be extended, pass one for the 1-lth
or the21st June, and send it to the House, and let
them determine whether they will accede to it or
not; but we cut ourselves off from the benefit of
a recess and probably of finishing our business,
by passing the resolution of the Senator from New
York, as a substitute, in this form, because we
cannot know what the action of the House on it
will be, probably for two or three days.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was on my motion that the.
Senate took up the resolution of the House of
Representatives to adjourn on the 7th of June,
which seems now to be assailed bv the Senator
from Massachusetts on the ground that somebody
committed a blunder. I thought it was right on
that day, and I do to-day, and there is no contin-
gency except public war that will make me vote
to rescind it. I have sat here many years, in the
two Houses of Congtess, as long as ten months at a
time, and I never knew what you call the business
of the country to be more advanced a week before
adjournment than it is now. In the thirteen years
1 have sat m Congress 1 never knew a time when
the public business was so far advanced within
seven days of the end of the session, as it is to-
day. The House of Representatives have sent
you all the public bills, and all the private bills
that ought to pass. They have been considered
by our committees, and are before us. It is truo
that if we go on and argue the question of repair-
