418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
representative of a constituency who, looking to
the purity and permanency of our institutions,
demand that thu term for the naturalization of
foreigners shall be extended; who desire to render
harmless all foreign influence in our political af-
fairs; who deny to Congress the constitutional
power to interfere with the domestic institutions
of either States or Territories; who insist upon
a strict construction of the Federal Constitution;
who believe that the wisest and best relation that
can subsistin this Government between the white
and African races is that of master and servant;
and whoardentlydesiretheharmonyof the States
of this Confederacy, and their perpetual union.
These are the principles enunciated by me during
my canvass in 1856, and fully indorsed by a very
respectable majority of my constituents. These
principles shall by me be defended to the utmost
of my ability, whenever and wherever assailed.
Permit me also to remark, before I advance to
the discussion of the subject under consideration,
that I now find myself placed in a condition where
I must from necessity act with one or the other
of the prominent political parties in this House
upon the great subject of our domestic institu-
tions—a subject which, from my observations
here, and the known sentiments and purposes of
the Republican party, I am reluctantly and pain-
fully forced to say is hurrying us on with fearful
rapidity to that point of time in the history of our
country when in all probability (without divine
interposition) the chain that now binds this Union
together will be severed.
Actuated by a loyal and unwavering devotion
to my country, I have no hesitancy in adopting the
only course left me as a member of this Congress,
and the representative of a just and intelligent,
magnanimous and patriotic constituency; ami that
is, to support the Administration in every attempt
to resist the /earful encroachments sought to be
made upon the constitutional rights of the South.
By so doing, I am satisfied that I shall faithfully
represent the will of the American party of my
district and State, who have no affinity or sym-
pathy with the principles of Che Republican party.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the contempla-
tion of the important and agitating subject under
consideration—a subject now engrossing the
undivided attention of the American people—one
that we should seek to settle wisely and judicious-
ly ; for the result of the disposition we may make
of it will be either to allay orgreatly increase tins
excitement. The lawless events connected with
the history of Kansas have been the exciting
theme for years; outrage after outrage has been
perpetrated there; the jaws of the Territory and
the authority of the United States have both been
contemptuously spurned and trampled underfoot
by a part of her population. No Territory of this
Union has ever before been settled by such an
ungovernable, reckless people. They have been
the source of continual trouble and expense to
the Government; and if f do not greatly mistake
the sentiment of a majority of the people of this
nation, they demand that Kansas shall now be
admitted as a State and left to manage her internal
affairs in her own way. Then the excitement, be-
yond her own limits at least, will in all probabil-
ity pass away.
I insist, Mr. Chairman, that no apparent cause
exists in the proceedings of the people of Kansas
in the formation of the Lecompton constitution,
that can justify us in refusing her admission; but
that we may rightfully, legally, and constitution- ,
ally permit her to bccome one of the States of this
Union. i
The celebrated Kansas-Nebraska bill, approved j
on the 30th of May, 1831, authorized the people i
ot that Territory to elect representatives, make |
their own laws, and form and regulate their do- j
mestic institutions in their own way. The twenty- |
first section uf that act provides that the time, j
place, and manner of conducting all elections shall ;
be prescribed by law. The people, under this '
net, met and elected their representatives to the !
Territorial Legislature. On the 19th of February, ;
1857, the Kansas Legislature passed an act pro- i
viding for the election of delegates to frame a 1
State constitution. That election was held on the J
third Monday in June, and the convention met j
on the first Monday in September. Much has j
been said in the newspapers and elsewhere as to
the inefficiency of that law to secure a fair, honest
vote of the people.
Now, sir, in order to disabuse the public mind ,
and satisfy the country that there never was an i
election law enacted that sought to guard more ;
vigilantly the rights of the electors, and to secure a
fair and full vote, than the Kansas convention act,
I shall ask the reporters to append to my remarks
a synopsis of it, and also certain parts of a letter
from H. Clay Pate, indorsed by gentlemen of
high respectability in the Territory of Kansas.
You will perceive, from an examination of that
act, that the probate judge of each county in the
Territory was required to transmit to the Secre-
tary and Governor of the Territory, immediately
after the 1st day of May, and weeks before the
inaugural address of Governor Walker, delivered
on the 27th day of May, 1857, a list of the voters
in each county. Before the delivery of this ad-
dress, it is fair to presume that Governor Walker
had fully informed himself in regard to the affairs
of Kansas. He knew that the registering of the
voters could not by law be continued beyond the
1st day of April; and he must have known, T pre-
sume, on the 27th day of May, what counties had
failed to return the lists required by law, and the
reasons why that failure had occurred. In that
address he uses the following language:
kC Xiut it is said that the convention was not legally called,
and that the election will not be hecly and fauly conducted.
The Terntonal Legislative is the powet ordained for this
pui pose by the Congrc&s of the United States and, in oppo-
sing it, >ou resist the authoiuyof the Fedeial Oovenrmpiit. ,
Thu Legislature was called into being by thu Coiigie-^ of ,
18.")4, aud is recognized m tliG voiy latest congressional Ie- '
gislation. It is recognized by the piesent Chief Magis- |
ti.Uc of the Union, just chosen by the Ami'iican people,
and many of its acts are now in opeiatmu hoie bv nniver- ;
sal assent. As the Governor of the TeiriUny of Kansas, I j
must support the laws and the constitution ; and 1 have
no other alternative, under my oath, but to see that all
constitutional laws are fully and fan iy executed. I see in
this act calling the convention no improper or uneon.-ti-
ttilional lestnctions upon the light or' suli'tnge. [ see m it
no te>t oath, or othei similar ptovwons objected to in ie
lation to previous laws, but cleaily lepealed as repugnant
to the provisions of this act, so far as lcgaids the election
of delegates to tin-, convention. It i-> taid that a juir and
full rol.e will not he taken. Who can saicly piedict such a
result ? Nor is it )u->t loi a majoiitv, as they allege, to tlnow
the power into the hands of a minoniy, hom a meie appre-
hension (1 tin«t entnely unfounded) that they will not be
pi'iuuttcd to exeieihO thu light of f-uffiage."
Thus you fmdhimeulogizingtheact,andgiving
j it as his opinion that a fair election will be held;
' ho anticipates that, in all probability, a portion
! of the people would not vote. Now, Governor
| Walker was very remiss m advising himself of
the affairs of the Territory if he did not know
; that they had determined not to vote; if he did
j not know that the people in those counties where
no registry had been made were the warm, de-
termined advocates of the Topoka constitution,
and that they did not intend to participate in the
election, and were resolved that no other const t-
1 tution than that framed by the mobocratic Topoka
convention should ever become the supreme law
of Kansas. Had he sought information on this
subject, 1 apprehend he would have ascertained
that it was the fault of the people that no registry
was made in the counties where no vote was taken.
Hear the chief Executive of the nation on this
subject; a man who rises above the sectional pie-
judices of the day. In his message, he says:
" At the tunc of the election foi delegates an o.\ren«ive
organization existed in the Territoiy. wnose avowed object
it was, if need be, to put down the lawiul government hy
loico. and to e^tabh-h <i government of their own uudei the
! so-called Topeka constitution."
j The persons attached to this revolutionary or- ■
I ganization abstained from taking any part in this ■
election. It was then their own choice not to vote.
They had a fair opportunity to exercise the right
of sulhage; but they preferred to followtheadviee
of partisan leaders at a distance, and to continue
that resistance to law and oider that had marked 1
their rebellious eouise from the tune they set their
feet upon the ^oil of Kansas. The distinguished 1
author of the Nebraska-Kansas bill, on the 152i.Ii
day of June, 1S57, but three days before the elec-
tion for delegates, and six weeks after the expi-
ration of the time within which the registry of 1
the votes was by law completed, and after it was
known that the emigrant aid" agitators and dis-
organizes m Kansas did not intend to vote, de-
livered a speech at Springfield, Illinois, in which
he said;
" Kansas is about to ppeak for herself thiough her dele- ,
gate«, assembled in convention to form a constitution, pre-
paratory to her admission into the Union on an equal footing
with the original States. Peace and pio«perity now pievail
thiougbout her bonier.-. The law underwJnch'her delegates 1
are about to bo elected is believed to be just and fair in all
its objects and provisions. Thete is every leason to hope
and bc'ievo that the law will be fanly inleipieted and im-
paitially executed, so as to m^irc to everv /xmajWe inhab-
itant the free and quiet exercise of the elective fianclme.
"If any portion of the inhabitants, acting uudei the ad-
vice of political leaders in distant State-*, tdial] choose to
ab?eiit themselves from the polls, and withhold their vetc,
with a view of leaving the free-State Democrats m a minor-
ity, and thus securing a pro-slavery coii>titution, in oppo-
sition to the wishes of a majority of the people living under
it, let the responsibility reston those wlio, for partisan pur-
poses, will t-acrifice the principles they profess to chetish
and promote. Upon them, and upon the political paru [or
who&e benefit, and under tile dncclion of whose leaders
they act, let the blame be vKited of fastening upon the peo-
ple of a new crtatc institutions repugnant to their feehnis,
and in violation of their wishes. The organic act sccuies
to the people of Kansas the sole and exclusive right of loiiu-
mg and regulating their domestic institutions to taut them-
selves, subject to no othei limitation than that which the
Constitution of the United States imposes. The Demoei.Uic
patty is dctfimined to see the gieat fundamental puncmle
of the organic act carried out m good faith. The present
election law m Kansas io acknowledged to be fan and just.
rJ1he lights of the voters aie cleaily delined ; and the ever-
ci<e ot tho>c lights will be efficiently and sciupuloii^ly
piotcctcd. Hence, if the majoiitv of the people ot Kansas
desne to have it a free State, (and we are told by the ttepub-
hcan patty that nine tenths of the people oi that Tei i itoiy
are ft ee-Skate men.) thrie is no obstacle in the wav ofbt mg-
iii2 Kan<a- into the Union .'is a free State by tiie votes mid
voice of her own people, and in eonfo(miiy with the ijieat
panciples of the Kan<as-N<'hra; ka act; piovided ail the
fiev'-^Ktie men will go to tne polls, and vote iheir principles
in aeemdance with then piou; sjons. If ,-uch is not the le-
kh It, let the consequences be visited upon the heads of those
whose pohevit h to produce-sinfe, anarchy, and bloodshed
m Kan>a- , that thou p.ntv may profit by .slavei) agitation
m the noithern States of tins Union."'
Thus spoke Senator Douglas. The principles
enunciated by him on that, occasion, were jusf and
true; and all we now demand is that they shall
be faithfully carried out. He admits, and I desire
to repeat it, that the election law is just and fair
in all its objects and provisions, and if' the free-
State party fail to vote—acting under the advice
of political leaders in distant States—let the re-
sponsibility rest upon those whose policy it is to
produce strife,anarchy, and bloodshed m Kansas,
that their party may profit of slavery agitation m
the northern States of this Union. I "hope, sir,
that the Democratic party, as a body, will follow
his advice, and enforce this responsibility though
he may " back down." Sir, the position cannot
be maintained that a portion of the people of Kan-
sas had no opportunity to vote, and thneforo the
Lecompton constitution should be rejected. The
opportunity was offered, and they refused to avail
themsehes of it. They did it voluntarily. They
preferred to risk the consequences; let them now
reap the fruit of their rebellion. Is the lawless
spirit manifested by them to be sanctioned and
encouraged by us, the representatives oi' a law-
abiding people? Are wc tu become parties to their
rebellious conduct, and permit them to triumph
over law and order? No. I apprehend we know
too well the paramount importance of sustaining
the laws of the country.
But, sir, it is urged as an objection to the ad-
mission of Kansas that the constitution made by
delegated authority has not been submitted to the
people. Is that any business of ours? Ate we
authorized to supervise their action in the form-
ation of their government? Had notthcpcoplo
the sole and unquestioned right to determine
whether they would have their constitution sub-
mitted or not? They have not required it to bo
done in the Kansas convention act. They have
demanded it by no act of theirs. Then tell me, I
ask, by what authouty do we demand it? The
j act {simply declares—
j '-That the delegates! elected shall assemble in convention
• at the eypital of -,;t.d Tenuory, on the first Monday in Sep-
j fembei next, and .-hall pioceed to form a constitution and
I State government winch tdinl! be republican in u< fonn.  ur
I admission mfo the Union on an nqu.il tooting with the ou-
j cinai States, in aii iexpects whatsoever, by the name of the
' rftate ot Kan>as."
I This is the only direction given to their dele-
gates, from which it is evident that its submis-
sion was not required. The people had the right
to intrust their delegates with the entire formation
of their constitution. The startling and monstrous
doctiine recently promulgated in certain quarters,
that the people could not delegate this power to
j their agents is utterly irreconcilable with the prin-
| ciple of popular sovereignty. If they had not the
I right to delegate that power, then they are not sov-
j creign—then they have not the right to manage
j their affairs m their own way. On the contrary,
| I assert that the very highest exercise of popular
sovereignty is the right to delegate power; with-
