THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C."
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1858.
ing a bridge two days, as we did on Saturday,
there are not days enough made by God Almighty
to get through. [Laughter.] We could never
get through,in a thousand years; eternity would
be too short to get through. [Laughter.] But we
can get through with all the business we need to
do. We can give all the time the public business
requires; and if we prolong the session for three
months we shall be no nearer the end of public
business two weeks from now, the 14th of June,
or the 21st of June, than we are to-day. The
time will be spent as six months have been spent
heretofore—in talking generally to people out of
doors, and not to the business before us. Give a
month, and the public business will be abandoned,
and we shall begin to talk generally on the state
of the Republic, watching, as the Senator from
New York said, the Executive. That seems to
have been the chicf business, instead of legisla-
ting—watching and abusing the Executive. In
my judgment the time is too long; 1 wish it was
to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I desire to appeal to the Sena-
tor from New York to withdraw his proposition
for,the present. If it be necessary to extend the
session at ail, the necessity will be obvious two or
three days hence. I do not think it advisable to
push it now, and I ask him to,withdraw it, and let
us vote upon the question submitted by the Sena-
tor fiom Virginia, and we shall then m a day or
two be able to determine his piopositiou. I hope
he will withdraw it, and that wo shall then get a
vote on the question.
Mr. SEWARD. At the request of the Sena-
tor from Michigan, I will withdraw my propo-
sition, stating my regret and my surprise that my
honorable friend from Massachusetts should have
thought that I was willing, under any circum-
stances, to embarrass him or anybody else. I
voted, when it seemed to be the sense of both
Houses of Congress, to fix the day for adjourn-
ment, under the expectation that it would have
the effect to expedite the public business, and with
the belief that if the business was not sufficiently
matured when the time fixed for adjournment
came, it would be changed. I have nothing to
regret about the vote 1 gave then. I believe the
vote fixing the day has been beneficial thus far;
I believe that to extend the time now will be a
wise policy, as it was to fix it at that time; but I
say circumstances have occurred which render it,
necessary. Heie is this gieat question of the dis- i
turbance in the Gulf of Mexico; here is a propo- !
sition giving power to the Executive; and a great I
many other propositions. At the suggestion of
the honorable Senator I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to lay the res-
olution of the Senator from Virginia on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the res-
olution I introduced some time since, providing
for raising a select committee to consider the pro-
priety of a protectorate over Mexico, Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, and San Sal-
vador. I make this motion for the purpose of
obtaining a vote upon it. The session is drawing
to a close, and I desire, if it is to be referred, that
thuie may be an opportunity at the next session,
if not at this, to make a report on the subject, i
hope the Senate will take it up. It is not with a
view to make a speech that I make the motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate will pioceed on Fnday next,
at twelve o\.loek. m., to the conn delation of the icrioiutioiio
repoited by the Couumtteo on Foreign Relations touching
tin; alleged ng2ret>sjoi>*> of Hutishaimed ve^elson the com-
merce of the United States m the Gulf of Mexico and adja-
cent seas*, to thu exclusion of all otiiei business.
Mr. IVERSON and others. I object.
Mr. MASON. Objection having been made to
the consideration of that resolution to set aside a
New Series....No. 159.
particular day for the disposition of the report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, I ask that
that report be now taken up. I take it for grunted
the Senate will see the propriety of some final
disposition of the subject.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to appeal to the Sen-'
ator from Virginia to permit a formal resolution
to be taken up, and passed, which will not take
up a minute. It is the resolution I offered on
Friday in reference to custom-houses. The Sen-
ator from -Maine has a little amendment to offer
to it, and it can then be passed.
Mr. MASON. I do not feel at liberty to yield
the floor. In my judgment this question is a
matter of too much moment to permit me to yield-
it. I am sorry that I cannot do so.
. Mr. IVERSON. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not prevail. I do not see
j any necessity for hurrying the consideration of
i these resolutions. There is a great deal of im-
; portant business that ought to be acted upon by
| this branch of Congress, in oider that it may go
| to the House of Representatives before Friday,
■ because, as we all know, by joint rule no oiiginal
, bill can be sent to the House of Representatives
I after Thursday next. We can act on bills which
I have come from the House, on Friday and Sat- '
j urday, but we cannot send any bill to the Mouse j
! of Representatives on these days. I think that !
, ail our tune that is not taken up in the considura- i
I tion of appropriation bills ought to be expended ;
! upon bills of this body, so that we may pass them, j
| and send them to the House of Representatives !
; that they may act upon them on Friday and Sat- '
! urday next. These resolutions in relation to our
j difficulties with England can betaken up on Friday
or Saturday next, when we cannot act on our
bills, if wo have nothing from the House of Rep-
resentatives to act upon, or on Monday; or even,
if it be necessary, the Senate can sit over, after
the day of adjournment, upon this business. It
is unnecessary that11 should adjourn on Monday;
il may ptolong its session when the House of
. i Representatives has gone, and then we can act 011
|l this business having refeience to executive con-
siderations. I hope, therefore, that the rcsolu-
ii tions will not be taken up now.
|j Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
\\ motion: and they were ordered.
J Mr. P17GH. I wish to say that, whilst I am
! in favor of the genera1 visws indicated by the
! Committee on Fofei n Relations, i see no neces-
! sity for separate Senate resolutions. If these were
I joint resolution?!, i rqumng the assent of the other
1 iiou.se as a matter of legislation, I would vote to
i take them up; but as u is, I see no benefit that j
is to result Irom them. I shall vote against the i
motion. |
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to say, in reference to i
the question of taking up, that I am very willing i
to vote with my colleague to fix Friday for the '
consideration of his resolution; but i shall vote ;
against taking them up now, because I think wo 1
ought to get up the appropriation bill. j
The question being taken by yeas and nays, j
resulted—yeas S3, nays 21; as follows: ,
YEAS—Allen, Bayaid. lid!, Ucnianmi, Bnirlit, i
Brodenek, Utown, Campion, Clay, Davis, Fitch, Fitz[i;.t- !
nek, Foot, Gwm, Hale, Hammond, Houston, .Johnson of !
Tonne-see. Kins', Malloiy, iUa-o;i, Polk. ileid, Rice, Sc-ha— 1
turn, ^ewuid. y'lU'UK, Stumt, Thuun-oa ol JS'cw Jn- !
sey,Toomh-, Wil-on, and Wis^lif—?,li. 1
NAYtf—Mcm-ik. Bjgler, Chandler, Clark. Colkime!, Ciit- ]
tcndeii, Divon, Fessenden, Fo-tei, Gie< n, ft ami to. ilai Ian, ■
Iiunter, Ivou-on, Jones, Kennedy, Teatc;. Ftijfh. Simmon*.,
Thompson or Kentucky, Viunilnni, and Wade—£1.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tions:
Rebolvetl, (a- thr; judgment of the Senate.) That Ameri-
can vois?el? oh the hi^h m time ot ponce, bearing the
Amoiican tla^, remain under the jurisdiction of the eountiy
to which they belong ; and theretoie any visitation, molest-
ation, or detention ol' such by fonse, 01 by the exhi-
bition of toicc, ou the pai t of afoieii.ni Fowei, is'm deroga-
tion of the sovereignty of the United States.
Raolvcd, VI,at the recent and repeated violario/ns of this !
immunity; committed by voxels of war belor.^msr to the ;
navy of Gieat Bntam 111 the Gulf of Mexico and the adja- !
cent seas, by firing into, interrupting, au<l forcibly detaining I
them on their voyage, require*, iu the judgment of the Seu- !
ate, such unequivocal and final disposition of the subject.
by the Governments of Great Britain and the United States!
touching the rights involved, as shall preclude hereafter the
occurrence of like aggressions.
Resolved, That the Senate fully approves the action of
the Executive m sending a naval force mto the infested
seas with oiders " to protect allvesselsoftheUnitedStatea
on tiic high seas from search or detention.by the vessels of
war of any other nation,'* And it is the opinion of the Sen-
ate, that, if it became necessary, sneh additional legislation
should be supplied in aid of the Executive power as will
make such protection eifectual.
Mr. MASON. There remains now but half an
hour before one o'clock, when the special order
will come up, of course. The Senate on Satur-
day, by its vote, refused to postpone the special
order in order to dispose of this subject. I pre-
sume, therefore, I take it for granted, such will
be the will of the Senate to-day, that they will
riot postpone the special order for the purpose of
disposing of this subject. I therefore move that
the resolutions be postponed until Friday next,
and made the special order for that day, to the
exclusion of all other business, at one o'olock.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to say that Friday has
been before assigned by the Senate for private
bills; and there are a very great number of pri-
vate bills that have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives that are, waiting the action of the Sen-
ate; and next Friday, perhaps, is the only day
left for them. I hope, m justice to those claim-
ants, that day will not lie taken from them.
Mr. MASON. I have 110 desire in the world
to take Friday from private bills; but we must
remember that but Friday and Saturday remain
for the business of the Senate under the present
order of the two Houses. I should have no ob-
jection to fixing Saturday; but we know Satur-
day will necessarily be occupied in disposing of
the business of the session.
Several Sukators. Take the vote now.
Mr. MASON. I certainly would take the vote
now if there would be no debate'.
Mr. HALE. 1 do not think there will be any
debate.
Mr. MASON. 1 withdraw the proposition, to
see if the vote can be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.1 ~ /
Mr. TOOMBS. I should dislike very much if
these resolutions were to pass in their present'
form, as 1 do not at all concur m the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I should like
to have a substitute adopted by which something
could be dune. As to these resolutions express-
ing the opinion of the Senate, I would not give
theru any time at all, if that is all we are going to
do. If we are going to do more, I think Friday
will be too late. 1 think we ought to go on and
pass a joint resolution, instructing the President
to seize those ships and bring them m until we
hear irom England. As to merely paying that we
must palaver about it with England again, 1 would
not vote for such resolutions.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Georgia says the resolutions of the committee are
not worth the paper on which they arc written—
being the mere expression of the opinion of the
Senate. I will say nothing in reply to that, ex-
cept that they were the judgment of six members
of this House, constituting six of the seven mem-
bers of the committee to whom the subject was
confidf d. I do not mean to go into a debate; but
I would ask permission to say, that the action of
the committee was framed upon tiiis condition of
things: they found that the question was under
the present chaige of the Executive; they were
satisfied with the disposition the Executive so far
had niado of it; they were reluctant to do any-
thing which might unnecessarily and improvi-
dently involve the countryin a war winch might
be averted; and, therefore, then* recommendation
was only prospective. J consider that the judg-
ment of the Senate, should it be pronounced upon
these resolution0, will have very groat weight iu
aid of the Executive aris, m the correspondence
now pending between the twu countries. The
