1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4t9
out this power on the part of the people no rep-
resentative government could exist; and I believe
it is the first time in this country that I have
heard it boldly asserted that the sovereign people
could not constitute agents to transact their busi-
ness.
Is it not absurd for ysu to undertake to limit or
contravene their authority to act by their agents,
and, at the same time, declare that they possess
sovereign powers ? Are we not here to-day the
agents of the sovereign people, clothed by them
with the most solemn and important functions ?
Have they not confided to us the very highestin-
terests of the nation ? Are we not exercising sov-
ereign power in regulating commerce with foreign
nations; in coining money, and regulating the
value thereof; in declaring war; in raising and
supporting armies; in providing and maintaining
a JN'avy; in the enactment of all laws necessary
to carry on the machinery of this mighty Gov-
ernment; to protect the honor and integrity of
this Union; to promote and advance the great in-
terests of this nation; and are our acts to be sub-
mitted to them for ratification before tlicy take
effect? No; our acts are their acts. If the laws
enacted by us are unwise or injudicious, they
direct us or others to repeal them. If the people
of Kansas do not like the Lecompton constitution,
they can change it any time they think proper.
They possess, as all must admit, the inherent and
inalienable power to alter orremake their consti-
tution whenever they, in their wisdom, choose to
do so.
Permit me, sir, to inquire how has it become
so important to submit the constitution of l^ansas
to a vote of the people? When bcfoic, 111 the his-
tory of this Government lias it been demanded by
the national Legislature that the constitution of
a State asking' for admission should be first sub-
mitted to the vote of the people ? The constitu-
tions of Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama,
Missouri, Maine, Vermont, and Wisconsin were
not submitted. Was the great doctrine of popu-
lar sovereignty violated 111 the admission of each
of those States? Did the great and patriotic men
who then composed the national Legislature, and
who, by their patriotism, their wisdom, their un-
equalled statesmanship, and devotion to the sov-
ereignty of the people, reflected unfading honor
upon their country and its institutions—did they
permit them to be robbed of this transcendant
power? No. They knew, as every disinterested
statesman now knows, that the people had the
right to exercise their sovereign power 111 the way
and manner they thought piuper.
Cut, sir, let me ask if the people of Kansas
have not had submitted to them by the conven-
tion the great epiestion that inaugurated the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, the question out of which has
grown all the difficulties that have for so long dis-
tracted the peace, safety, and quietude of that
people? That act declares " that the true intent
and meaning thereof is not to legislate slavery into
any State or Territory, nor to exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people theieof perfectly flee
to regulate their institutions in their own way."
Under it, " Kansas," when admitted as a State,
was to be received into the Union " with or with-
out slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at
the time of their admission." The entire scope and
effect of the Kansas-Nebraska Dill was to render
" void and inoperative the Missouri compromise
line," which prohibited slavery north of 36° 30'.
It reinstated a great principle; conferred upon the
people a great and important right north of that
line—the right to regulate their institutions as
they might choose: ail other governmental rights
they could exercise before. Immediately after the
passage of this bill, the controversy m regard to
the institution of slavery in that Territory com-
menced. Itwas the great and all-absorbing ques-
tion; the one that rose paramount to all others;
the one that has alone convulsed that people and
produced the " strife,contention, and bloodshed"
that has brought everlasting disgrace upon that
Territory, and given to it an unenviable name in
the history of this country. It was the question
that the Kansas bill designed should be settled by
the people; it was the only one that the great body
of that people expected ever to be submitted to
them for their decision, until recently; and as ev-
idence of tins fact, I call your attention to a part
of the address of the Hon. F. P. Stanton, then
Secretary and acting Governor of the Territory
of Kansas, published on the 17th of April, 1857.
He says:
" The Government especially recognizes the territorial
wet which provides tor assembling a convention to fomi a
constitution with a view to making application to Congress
for admission as a State into the Onion. That act isie-
garded a3 presenting the only test of the qualification of
voters foi delegates to tile convention; and all preceedms
repugnant reductions are repealed. In tins light the act
must be allowed to have provided for a full and fair expres-
sion of the will of th« people thiough the delegates who
may be chosen to represent them in the constitutional con-
vention. 1 do not doubt, however, that m order to avoid
all ■pretext for resistance to the peaceful operation of this
Jaw, the convention itself will, m some form, provide for
submitting the great distracting questions regarding their
social institution which lias so long agitated the people of
Kansa«, to a fair vote of all the actual bona fide resident* of
the Tenitory, with eveiy possible security against fiaud and
violence, [f the constitution ho thus framed, and the ques-
tion of difference thus submitted to the decision of the peo-
ple, I behove that Kansas will be admitted by Confess
without delay. as one of the soveteign States ot the Amei-
ican Union, and the tenitonal authorities will be immedi-
ately withdrawn."
This was the language of Secretary Stanton to the
people of Kansas, after the passage of the Kansas
convention act, long before the election of dele-
gates to the convention. He distinctly informed
them that the Government of the United States
recognized the territorial act, which provided for
assembling a convention to form a constitution;
that the "distracting question which had so long
agitated the people of Kansas would be submitted
to a fair vote of the people." He knew their views,
feelings, and sentiments, in relation 'to this dis-
tracting question, and he doubtless concluded that
by giving them assurance that the question of
slavery would bo submitted, (the only question
designed to be submitted,) they would be satisfied.
But no, sir: as intimated by Senator Douglas,
there were doubtless "other actors in this contro-
versy, far away lVom tlie borders of Kansas,"
who controlled.' and directed the movements of
the reckless Aboiiuon army that had been quar-
tered on Kansas by the Emigrant Aid Society,
who urged that that deluded people should not
submit to the legally constituted authorities of the
country. They obeyed; became rebels to the
Government, and refused to vote upon this agi-
tating question, fairly and legally submitted; and
now have the temerity to ask us to reject the con-
stitution and sanction this fell spirit of insubordi-
nation to the legally constituted authorities of the
land. Can any one doubt the wisdom and propriety
ofstibmitting the slavery clause alone to the people
of Kansas ? It was the question that far tran-
seendedin importance and inturcstall others com-
bined. Had it been involved with other ques-
tions, none will pretend that a lair expression of
the popular voice could have, been had. The con-
stitution has been made in strict compliance with
the laws of the land; it is republican m form; and
we now have no other alternative left us in the
faithful discharge of our duty but to admit Kan-
sas as a State into tins Union. The entire con-
; sutution is as unexceptionable in its provisions,
i if not more so, than the constitution of any of
! the States of this> Confederacy. The frainers of
; that instrument have availed themselves of the
wisdom and experience of the statesmen of our
country, and introduced into their fundamental
law many wise provisions, found together in no
one of our State constitutions. We may be indi-
vidually opposed to some of the provisions in that
instrument; but it js not our right, nor within the
scope of our authority, to pass upon them. They
alone concern the people of Kansas, not us.
But, sir, we are told by gentlemen who oppose
the admission of Kansas, that a law must be
passed by the Congress of the United States to
enable the people of Kansas to elect delegates and
form a constitution. My first reply to this prop-
osition is, that Congress did pass such a law when
it enacted the Kansas-Nebraska bill. That bill
confers upon the people the right to provide by
law for all elections, and to manage their affairs
in their own way; and under it, if authority was
necessary to make a constitution, they derived it.
But, sir, when once organized as a territorial gov-
ernment, I deny that any such necessity exists.
Cannot the sovereign people act without our au-
thority? Must they have permission from us to
make a constitution—to exercise an inalienable
right—a power neither conferred upon us by the
people themselves nor the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? Under what provision of that once
sacred instrument do you find such authority ? If
it exists as either a granted or implied power,
under any clause in that instrument,-it has alto-
gether escaped my observation; and I think but
few, if any, of the great constitutional lawyers
whose names are conspicuous upon the pages of
our country's history, have ever contended for
any such power in Congress. Suppose you reject
this constitution, and pass what you denominate
an enabling act, and the people of Kansas should
hold an election and adopt a constitution without
any reference to its provisions: would you fee]
authorized to refuse them admission for the sim-
ple reason that they did not choose to follow your
directions as to the form by which their consti-
tution was made ? I apprehend not. Why the
necessity, then, of an enabling act for Kansas?
Congress, at different periods m our history, has
admitted States that had formed constitutions
without enabling acts. The States of Tennessee,
Iowa, Michigan, Texas, Arkansas, Florida, and
several others, I believe, were admitted without
any authoritative act" on the part of Congress.
The ablest expounders of the constitution of the
United States admitted their right to form a State
constitution, without the permission of Congress;
and if so formed, that such State must be admit-
ted, if the constitution was republican in form.
Why, then, the necessity of any such act in ref-
erence to Kansas ? One of two reasons must op-
erate upon those who demand it: either the tolera-
tion of slavery under the present constitution, or
a desire upon the part of anti-slavery men to keep
up this slavery agitation, and continue their frat-
ricidal war upon the people of the South.
But, sir, every objection to this constitution that
human ingenuity pan devise is being pressed upon
our consideration. We are told that the ordinance
contains exorbitant demands from the general
Government, on the part of Kansas, as regards
the public lands. Admit it: and what then? I
suppose no gentleman here will seriously contend
that the ordinance is any part of the constitution.
Surely no statesman will insist that we cannot
accept the constitution and reject the ordinance.
1 confess that I am altogether unwilling that we
shall accede to the propositions contained in that
ordinance; and if Kansas enters the Union, she
must do so without any such exactions. I am
willing to give to her the same portion of the pub-
lic domain within her territory that we have given
to other States; but no more.
. But, sir, disguise it as you may, the real oppo-
sition to Kansas is the slavery aspect it presents.
We have been told by the leaders of the Repub-
lican party 111 this House that the submission
of the slavery clause of the constitution was a
" swindle and a cheat;" that even if that part of
the constitution which was submitted to the vote
of the people of Kansas had been stricken out,
that still slavery was perpetuated there. What
disposition would those gentlemen have had the
convention to make of the slaves already in Kan-
sas ? Would it have been right,just, and consti-
tutional to have deprived the owners of their
property in them—to have declared them free?
AVould it have been just and honest to do so?
IIow came they in Kansas; and under what
guarantees were they taken there? The Terri-
tory of Kansas was the joint property of the en-
tire people of the Union, it had been purchased,
with common treasure, on the joint account of the
whole nation. The people of the South were
equally interested with the people of the North,
in its ownership and joint occupation, and had the
unquestionable right to take to that Territory any
species of property recognized by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and no power there or
elsewhere had the right to deprive them of that
property, without first paying them a just com-
pensation—nor even then, unless it was needed
for public use. It would, in my opinion, h&ve
been a monstrous outrage for the majority of the
people of that Territory to have deprived the mi-
nority of property taken there under the protec-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, and
guarantied and sanctioned by that instrument. I
should like to know by what code of morals, or
upon what principle of common honesty, the
Kansas convention could have liberated the slaves
already in that Territory ? Permit me to say that
when tiie Constitution of this Union ceases to pro-
tect the property of a large portion of the people
of this nation against the ruthless hand of a wild
fanaticism, then that Constitution fails to accom-
