420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26',
plish the great purposes for which it was designed
—then this Government becomes tyrannical, un-
just, and oppressive, and this Union valueless.
Why this continued effort to outrage the rights
and exasperate the people of the South to alienate
forever those fraternal feelings that bind together
the hearts of this entire nation? Weof the South
make no assault upon the people or institutions
of any portion of this wide-spread Confederacy,
and all that we ask or demand is, that you let
us and ours alone. If slavery is either a moral,
social, or political evil, the responsibility rests
upon us, not you. We of the South recognize it
as an institution, established in the early ages of
the world, under the express authority of Heaven,
and neither condemned nor interfered with by the
Savior of mankind in his glorious and benevolent
mission to earth—an institution introduced and
perpetuated by the descendants of the Pilgrims for
more than one hundred years before the Decla-
ration of Independence.
Brought to these shores in large numbers by the
people of New England, under the operation of
the slave trade, and held in bondage by them until
they became satisfied that they were unprofitable
in their northern climate and the culture of their
barren hills. Then, and not till then, a large por-
tion of them were sold to the people of the South;
and the money invested in other property. An in-
stitution ratified and indorsed by our revolution-
ary fathers; sanctioned and guarantied to us by
the Constitution of the United Slates; thatmstru-
ment, framed by the noblest, purest, and wisest
body of patriots, statesmen, and philanthropists
that ever assembled 011 earth. An institution that
lias elevated the negro from barbarism to civiliza-
tion and Christianity; that has.placed the race m
a better and happier condition than they ever oc-
cupied before. An institution better adapted to
their nature and capabilities than any ever devised
by that disinterested philanthropy exhibited by a
portion of the northern people, who ask us of the
South to hbeiate our slaves and permit them to
remain a part of our population, and at the same
time refuses to allow them toemigrate to their own
States.
Great sympathy has been expressed fur the
negroes of the South, and the institution of sla-
very denounced in this House in the most bitter
terms, by gentlemen representing the North. If
I am correctly informed, 1 apprehend they would
find a much more commendable field for their op-
erations and the outbursts of their philanthropy
in first seeking to elevate in the scale of being that
part of the race within the limits of their own
States. Go to the cities and towns wheie the free
negroes congregate, and you find them a lazy,
miserable, poverty-stricken people, sunk into the
lowest depths of moral degradation. Go, then,
disinterested philanthropist, and contrast their
social, moral, and physical condition with the
negroes of the South. There you see, as a gen-
eral thing, a happy, contented African race, well
fed, well clothed, well treated, well taken care of
in sickness and in old age.
And now, sir, while upon this subject, I desire
to correct a false impression that has been made
in the North by the public press, in reference to
the feelings and sentiments of the people of Mis-
souri on the subject of slavery during and since
the gubernatorial election in that State, which
took place m August last. You were told in sub-
stance that the citizens there were upon the verge
of emancipating their slaves. That public senti-
ment was rapidly tending in that direction; that
the candidate who ran in opposition to the nomi-
nee of the Democratic party was aFree-Soi!er,and
the closeness of the content between him and the
Hon. Robert M. Stewart, the Democratic candi-
date, was evidence of the disposition of the people
of Missouri to rid themselves of slavery. A more
unfounded statement was never published to the
American people. Major Rollins, the candidate
of the Opposition, received a majority of the votes
in many of the largest slaveholding counties of the
State. He was regarded by the American party
as a pro-slavery man. He proclaimed in his pub-
lic speeches that he was the owner of twenty-
five slaves; and but four days before the election
he announced in a public speech in my ov/n city
that he believed the wisest and best relation that
could subsist between the white and African races
was that of master and servant, and that he was
violently opposed to the emancipation of slavery
in Missouri. In the very county in which I have
the honor to reside, in northeast Missouri, one of
the strongest pro-slavery counties in the State, he
received a majority of four hundred and ninety
votes. In my opinion, the great body of the peopte
of Missouri have never at any time since the or-
, ganization of the State been better satisfied with
' the institution of slavery,'or more determined to
resist all assaults upon it. The people of the
North need not delude themselves with the idea
that Missouri will yield up this institution. It is
with the people of Missouri, as I apprehend it is
with the other slave States of the Union—the mo re
bitter and violent the assaults of the common
enemy of the South, the more closely will they
cling to it, and the more determined their purpose
to defend it against every foe from within and
from without.
Permit me, also, to say a few words in defense
of the citizens of Missouri against the denuncia-
tions they have received from the people of the
North, and their representatives, for their inter-
ference in the affairs of Kansas. The people of
Missouri watched, with intense interest, the set-
tlement of that Territory. I willingly confess that
they were exceedingly desirous that it should be-
come a slave State. Considerations of momentous
importance were involved m its occupation. They
deemed it of vast moment to their peace, safety,
and quietude, to have upon their border a neigh-
bor that would not interfere with their property;
that would not, by incendiary publications and
speeches, spread disaffection among their slaves,
and render insecure their habitations. But not-
withstanding the intense interest and anxiety felt
by them upon this subject, they never would have
interfered had it not been for the unwarrantable
and unjustifiable means resorted to by the Abo-
litionists of the North, in the organization and
machinery of emigrant aid societies. Had these
Abolitionists permitted Kansas to settle in the
quiet, usual,and ordinary way in which the other
Territories of this Union have been supplied with
population, the citizens of Missouri would have
submitted without a murmur to any regulation
thoy might have made in reference to their do-
mosticinstitutions. Butwhenthcysawthe people
of the North impelled by a spirit of mad fanat-
icism, organizing large moneyed associations,
under the authority of one of the States of this
Union, for the purpose of sending to that Terri-
tory, " to prevent the introduction of slavery," a
population such as they might gather principally
from the purloius of their largecities—such as had
recently landed upon our shores, unacquainted
with our laws and Constitution, unimbued with
the spirit and* genius of our institutions, for the
purpose of molding and controlling the institutions
of that Territory, and for the unjust and unconsti-
tutional purpose of dispossessing the people of the
South of their legitimate interest in it; with the
undisguised object in view of compelling those
who had gone, or might go, with slave property,
under the protection and by the authority of the
Constitution of the United States, either to for-
sake their homes and flee the country, or yield up
their property to the unconstitutional demand of
this predatory army, whose next field of opera-
tions, as announced by many of them, was Mis-
souri; then, and not till then, did the people of
Missouri think themselves excusable at least, if
not justifiable, at the commencement of this un-
holy crusade, in aiding in the protection of their
rights
Let me also say, Mr. Chairman, that when this
excitement shall pass away, and when the faith-
ful historian shall commit to paper the Stirling
events connected with the settlement of Kansas,
the people of tins country will learn, and coming
generations know, that the emigrant aid societies
of the North—by the character of the population
they sent there, with the avowed purpose for
which it was sent—superinduced the outrageous
and unlawful acts that have been perpetrated upon
the soil of Kansas.
And let me say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts who spoke so eloquently the other day
in favor of the elficiency of this new mode for the
"Americanizing of Central America and the set-
tlmgof the Territories of this Union," that it may
perhaps be safe to apply his pulicy to foreign
semi-barbarian countries; but let me advise him
in all sincerity, if he is a lover of peace, law, and
order, never to advocate such an attempt in ref-
erence to the Territories of this nation for the
accomplishment of the same purpose that it was
resorted to in regard to Kansas; for fear that the
reenactment of the same scenes might be pro-
duced in a more aggravated form.
It is but right and just, Mr. Chairman, for me
to say that when I speak of this improper and
unjustifiable interference on the part of the North
with southern rights and southern institutions,
I do not mean to include a large portion of that
people. No; I cherish the belief that the great
body of them love this Union, respect the Con-
stitution, and are disposed to do equal justice
I to every portion of this Confederacy. Would,
i from the bottom of my heart, that I could say so
f in reference to the whole people of the non-slave-
! holding States. Then I should feel assured that
| this glorious Union was safe; that the stars and
' stripes that now command the respect and elicit
! the admiration of the whole civilized world, would
| float perpetually over this Capitol; and we should
| be able to transmit to our-posterity the priceless
| heritage we received from our illustrious and peer-
I less ancestry. Hitherto, the North has treated us
j with fairness and justice in the admission of new
i States. Until recently, one slave and one free
: State came into this Union together; but the non-
: slaveholdmg States now have the vantage ground
i —a majority in both the Senate and House of
i Representatives, with two free States asking for
I admission, which must still increase that major-
] lty. The South, I apprehend, if treated fairly,
\ will make no objection to their admission. They
; have been settled in the usual and ordinary way,
! without the illegal and improper interference of
I emigrantaid societies,and have been left perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
: lions in their own way. But when Kansas comes
> with her institutions and constitution, adopted
1 under all the forms and sanctionsof law-and after
; the people of that Territory, both free-State and
j pro-slavery men, in the election of State officers
| under the constitution, have recognized it as the
supreme law of Kansas, we are still told she can-
not enter this Union. It may be so, but I cannot
believe it. I still entertain such an abiding confi-
dence in the justice and patriotism of the American
people, and their representatives here assembled,
as assures me that the fearfulact of rejecting Kan-
sas will not be cosummated.
[APPENDIX.
Synopsis of the Kansas Convention Jlct.
The act provides that the sheriffs of the several
counties shall, between the 1st day of March and
the 1st day of April, 1857, make an enumeration
of all the free male inhabitants over the age of
twenty-one years, with power to appoint depu-
ties; and, in ease of a vacancy in any county, the
duty to devolve on the probate judge. The list
thus made is required to be filed in the office of
: the probate judge of each county, on or before the
! 10th of April, 1857. The list of the voters of each
! county is to be posted up in three of the most pub-
j he places in each election district. Said probate
i judge is required to remain in session each day
I fiom the time of receiving said returns, until the
1st day of May, 1857, to hear and determine all
I questions concerning the omission of any person
1 from said returns, or the improper insertion of
any name in said returns, or any other question
: affecting the integrity or fidelity of said returns;
and as soon as said lists have been revised and
corrected, said judges are required to make out
full and fair copies, and, without delay, furnish
one copy to the Governor, and one to the Secre-
tary. The Governor shall cause said returns to
be printed and distributed among the people, and
one copy deposited with the clerk of each court
of record in the limits of said Territory; also, a
copy delivered to each judge of the election, and
at least three copies posted up at each place of
voting.
It further requires the judges and clerks of the
election to be sworn, duplicate returns of the poll-
books made out and certified by the judges and
clerks—one deposited with the board of county
commissioners, and the other transmitted to the
Secretary of State.
It also provides that every bona fide inhabitant
of the Territory of Kansas, on the third Monday
in June, 1857, beinga citizen of the United States
over the age of twenty-one years, and who shall
have resided three months next before said elec-
