1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr, Bell.
Senate.
way. They can never get the confidence of the
country in that way, for they will not deserve it.
My opposition to the ioan bill was on the princi-
ples I have stated. I do not get their cooperation
in bringing the expenditures within the revenue.
Until I do that, of course I can expect nothing
from their irregular or spasmodic efforts at re-
trenchment and reform; it will never come from
that source.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the friends of these
measures will vote down the amendment.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I cannot agree that this question
shall be taken until I have an opportunity of say-
ing a few words in reply to the statements made
by my honorable friend from Virginia this morn-
ing, with reference, in part, to some remarks that
I made yesterday. The honorable Senator urged
a singular ground of defense against the charges
which came from this side of the Chamber, in re-
gard to the policy pursued by him in borrowing
money without making any provision to pay it,
or proposing any alteration in our revenue laws
or commercial restrictions, to meet the continual
wants of the Treasury, likely to run through sev-
eral years. We have stated the grounds on which
we suppose that frauds exist to the extent we have
stated. According to the views of the Senator
from Georgia, these frauds go to such an extent
that the Government has been deprived of the
duties upon foreign imports to the amount of
$100,000,000 per annum. Take, however, a mod-
erate estimate; assume that on $50,000,000 per
annum the Government has, by fraudulent de-
vices, been deprived of the revenues to which it
would be entitled under the act of 1846. The hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, with whom the hon-
orable Senator from Rhode Island agrees, believes
that the amount is not less than $50,000,000 which
is imported into the United States and should pay
duty, but does not. The honorable Senator from
Virginia thought the charge was made without
any foundation. Why, sir, the figures presented
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, and the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island, show, un-
answerably, that at least $50,000 of foreign mer-
chandise have been imported into this country
that do not pay the duties they ought to pay under
the law. On that point, then, I need make no re-
mark m defense and explanation of the statements
I made yesterday, as to the course of the honor-
able Senator from Virginia upon this subject.
Sir, the Senator from Virginia has referred to
investigating committees on this subject. A few
years ago we had an investigating committee, of
which I was a member, without any desire of my
own to be put there. The committee was elected
by ballot in the Senate, and at the suggestion of
some gentleman, I do not know who, I was placed |
on the committee. The honorable Senator says
there is no proof that undervaluations have taken
place to any extent.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say to any extent;
I said to any large extent. !
Mr. BELL. But from the general terms used !
by my honorable friend, it would bo inferred that j
he said there was no proof that any fraud was j
committed on the revenue from that source. |
Mr. HUNTER. I could not have said that, j
because there are cases in the reports of decis- !
ions, showing frauds.
Mr. BELL. Undoubtedly, I presume, the hon-
erable Senator did not mean to say that; but that
they amounted to no such magnitude as should i
attract the attention of Congress or the country,
or should lay him liable to the charge of seeking
to evade any corrective of these frauds. That was
an injustice which I understood my honorable
friend to charge on me, with others, and he alluded
to me specially, or I should not now say a word.
I adduced no proofs yesterday in regard to the t
probable magnitude of these frauds. The hon- I
orable Senator from Virginia does not mean, of j
course, that we shall have anything like proof |
judicially taken, such as would be required in a
court of justice, to manifest that these frauds have
taken place to the extent we allege; but I will tell
ray honorable friend what I referred to—the opin-
ions of every Secretary of the Treasury ever since
the act of 1846 was passed, except, perhaps, the
present Secretary, alleging that the lawful revenue
of the country, moneys that properly belonged to
the Treasury under the law of 1846, had been
withheld by various devices and contrivances, to
what amount they did not know, but it was man-
ifest to a considerable amount. I founded my
opinions further on what I understood was the
belief of the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Guthrie, who stated, that on all the textile fabrics
imported into the United States, frauds in some
mode or other were committed to such an extent
that not more than one half the revenue which
ought to have gone into the Treasury on the im-
portations of those articles ever reached the
Treasury. When, as a member of the investiga-
ting committee to which I have alluded, I was
charged with the commission of inquiring into the
practice at New Orleans, I will say that I found
numerous proofs, and I brought away several of
them. I took testimony, the statements of gen-
tlemenof undoubted character, who had been en-
gaged in the foreign trade of the country, import-
ing goods especially from Germany and Franco
and the Island of Cuba, which satisfied my mind
that there was a uniformity almost, if I might use
the term, in the plans and systems adopted by for-
eign manufacturers, foreign merchants, and. for-
eign factors, on all the States of the continent—
not so much so in England, I admit—to impose
upon our custom-house officers by undervalua-
tions. The practice was, as I understood then,
with scarcely any variation, that upon the pur-
chase of many fabrics on the continent, especially
those in regard to which our officers could be most
easily deceived, it was usual, as a matter of rou-
tine, to furnish one invoice for the purchaser's own
use, and another invoice for the custom-house.
Only a few days ago I heard froin an authority
that I rely upon, this rcmaikable fact stated, a
gentleman who was in Europe, wished to pur-
chase some fine cloths in Belgium, and he bought
them and shipped them for this country, and he
was furnished with the papers which he supposed
were the correct invoices; but when he got home
he found a double invoice, and he was expected
by the seller to use one, in order to advise him of
what his goods really cost him in Belgium, and
the other was to be used at the custom-house.
He wrote back a letter of rather an insulting de-
scription, taxing the merchant with a want of
proper moral honesty and sense of fairness in
dealing, signifying that he was not a man to take
advantage of such deception on thepart of avendor
to avail himself of any profit he might make ill
this country at the custom-house. The manufac-
turers, or merchant, retorted upon him that he
was as honest a man as the writer of the letter,
and as much of a Christian, and what ho had done
was in conformity with the general habit on the
continent; and that in the same ship on which
this gentleman's goods were shipped there were
forty-five invoices of a similar character, in the
hands of forty-five different, importers.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator referred to the
late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Guthrie.
Will he allow me to read a passage from his letter
on home valuation ?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Guthrie says:
il To ascertain this value, and these costs and charges,
the impoiter is lequired to produce the ongmal invoice of
the mcioiiandi-g, supported liy Iih oath. Tin: uppiai-sCts,
who ascertain the dutiable value on the entty, by printed
pnees-eurrent, commerced cj Teniae., manniacuitfr^' !
prices, and bometimes by consular communications from
thecounuyof shipment, or inspection ot the invoices of
other importers at their own and other poitv— from s.ome or
all of these, they aic enabled to a-ceitam the iact, with a
reasonable certainty, (the only f.tct thoy am obliged to as-
certain,) at what puces the meichandise m question was
geneially veiling for in the foreign maiket at the date of ex-
pot tatum, If the article comes from a countiy from whu-h
importations are rare, and m ie^aid to the maiket values of
winch the apptaipeis have no information other than the
invoice, they are justified in taking the invoice value, sup-
ported by the declaration and oath of thn importer, as re-
liable evidence of the gencial maiket value of the article
in tiie country of expoitauon, upon the presumption that,
in the absence of pioof to the contraiy. the purchaser pays
the puce which the article is generally selhii" for in the
foreign market. Such cases aie.howcvei, extiomely rare;
and when they do occur, information as to the eiuient for-
eign ptieeb of similar merchandise is usually obtained nom
othor pons where such importations aie mote fiequent, &3
a guide to the appiax^crs.'5
Mr. BELL. He is only giving the regulations
to prevent these frauds. .
Mr. HUNTER. He says, though, that with
these means the appraisers can ascertain with a
reasonable degree of certainty; and if they can,
there is not the opportunity for fraud.
Mr. BELL. Are there no contrivances for
shiftmggoods from one schedule to another ? Does
the late Secretary of the Treasury say there were
no frauds on the revenue in that way?
Mr. HUNTER. That source of fraud aB re-
gards mistakes in schedules is obviously so small
that it would not enter into the calculation. I was
replying to the charge of undervaluation, and I
asserted that I had the authority of Mr. Guthrie
for saying that the foreign valuation of the goods
could be ascertained with reasonable certainty.
That is what I was endeavoring to meet. In re-
gard to the other matter, the appraisers, it seems
to me, will always determine it, except where there
is a real difficulty as to what schedule an article
does belong to, and that is a question generally
determined by the courts.
Mr. BELL. I was stating the grounds on
which I had drawn the conclusion that there was
such an immense loss in the revenue by fraudu-
lent devices of one kind or another, and by under-
valuation. I found these evidences presented to
me. Another thing I will call the attention of the
honorable Senatorfrom Virginia to. I know that
the honest importing merchants had been driven
out of the trade in New Orleans, on account of
these devices. I know this further fact—and the
gentleman concerned gave me a letter to that ef-
fect—that agentleman quit dealing in foreign mer-
chandise and had gone to planting on the Missis-
sippi, and that was the ground he alleged for it.
I do not say that all the American importing mer-
chants, who continued in business in New Or-
leans), had a character for dishonesty; but the
pregnant fact was that this gentleman said no man
who would not connive at the fraudulent devices
and practices to defraud the Government of the
revenue, justly taxed by our existing tariff laws,
could continue in the trade, and he did not in-
tend to have his feelings or principles of self-re-
spect violated by continuing in the business in
which he had been engaged. I have in my pos-
session the evidences collected five or six years
ago for the purpose of being used on this ques-
tion when it should come up, evidences which
would satisfy any gentleman thatall we have heard
of this continued practice of double invoices is cor-
rect. I would ask the honorable Senator from
Virginia, really, why is that practice continued,
if there is nothing effected by it ? I understood
the honorable Senator from Georgia, the other
day, to say that he had witnessed an instance of
it a year or two ago. I do not remember whether
he said that he found, on inquiry, that it was a
general practice on the continent, or not, but that
is the way I understood him. If no fruit is de-
rived from the adoption of these devices by the
vendors on the continent of Europe, why are they
continued? Then I would ask my honorable
friend, when so large a part of the foreign manu-
factures imported into this country are imported
by the manufacturers themselves, and placed in
the hands of their factors or agents here, who are
generally foieigners,how is it possible to ascertain
the pi ices of such goods at the place of manufac-
ture, or to disprove their invoices ? Their prac-
tice, I understand, is to put in interest on the cap-
ital they have employed in those manufactures,
then the price of the raw material, then the wages
paid to their operatives. That is the cost to
them.
Mr. XIUNTER. The appraiser puts on thera
the price at the poit where they arc shipped. If
they are brought from Liverpool, the appraiser
puts on the Liverpool price. If the invoice is
under that price, he raises it to that; and if, in
doing so, he raises it over ten per cent., the im-
porter forfeits twenty per cent.
Mr. BELL. Then frauds may be committed
on account of the different qualities and character
of the merchandise imported. They change the
fabrics m appearance and change the quality and
value so as to deceive the appraisers; and in Eng-
land the Free Trade Society have very strongly
rebuked their manufacturers for this. They do
noi say that is a device to defraud the custom-
