1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ass*
United States, and a step further, because of their
places, to vindicate whatever has been done, which
we ought to vindicate, ang which we ought to re-
sist. I shall vote for these resolutions with this
understandingand this view of them.
Mr. MASON, The pending question, I under-
stand, is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. Now, that amendment
proposes to confer a power upon the President to
capture any offending.ship, and bring it in. It is
a proposition, therefore, to confer a power on the
President by vote of the Senate, which, upon its
face, could not be done.- Apart, therefore, from
the objections to the measure itself, I think that is
improper.
Mr. WILSON. I have been appealed to by
the Senator from New Hampshire, who moveu -
the original amendment, to withdraw my propo- J
sition; and, on careful reflection, I find that these '
resolutions are to be simply the expression of the i
opinions of the Senate, and propose no action, j
The amendment I submitted, in order to baofany j
value, would have to be adopted by both Houses I
of Congress. I therefore withdraw that amend- I
ment. I have simply to say, however, that I hope :
the Executive has given the orders, and that the
ships which have been offending against us will :
be sunk or brought into the harbors of the Uni- j
ted States. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on i
the amendment of the Senator from NewHamp- <
shire, [Mr. Hale.] , i
Mr. MALLORY. The complaint I have of |j
the resolutions is that they propose nothing but I
what is fully established and known at this day. j
They point only to giving an expression of this !
body, which expression of opinion is fully under- j
stood by our people, and by the civilized world. 1
They do not confer on the President any power to !
meet^ the contingency before us. The opinions;
of this Government on this subject aie distinctly :
known to the civilized Stales of the world. They i
have heretofore been acted upon. There is no clis- |
senting voice throughout the United States in re- !
gard to them; and the British Government knew '
perfectly well that this course of procedure would j
involve a collision. The resolutions simply ex- J
press an opinion, without conferring on the Prcsi- |
dent a single solitary ounce of power that he does
not possess now. They point only to negotia- j
tion. I would suggest that the resolutions be so j
amended as to imply negotiation or active resist- '
ance; and if it be m order to move a joint resolu- ;
tion as a substitute lor the three resolutions be- i
fore the Senate, I will move a joint resolution
which will point to the power of negotiation, and
at the same time, in the failure of that,authorize
the President at once to proceed to right this
wrong. I ask the Chair if it is in order to move
to substitute a joint resolution ?
Mr.TOOMRS. Thatwasdecided this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
send up the amendment? The Senator from Flor-
ida giv^s notice that he will offer an amendment
to the resolutions after they have been perfected.
The Secretary will read, for information, the
amendment to be proposed by the Senator from
Florida.
The Secretary read Mr. Malloily's substitute,
as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Stales of Jhncrita, in Congress assembled, That
tiie lecent pioceedms^ of the JjiiUr-h naval olnceis in the
Gulf of Mexico, upon Ihe lush se<i>, in lbjcilily aue-ting
and examining vessels of the United States, owned !i"tl nav-
igated by Ameiicati citizens engaged in 1 ivi I'ul tiade, aic
without justification and palliation, m clciopution of the
chcubhed lights of the Atnenean people, which ihcy can
neither sin lender noi Miller to be mi:mgod with honor; and j
that the PicMrient of the United States be authorized to '
adopt immediate measures to airc&t at once a continuance
of feiieli indignities. j
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question at'
present is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to the second resolu-
tion reported by the Comn*ttee 011 Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. MASON. The amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire is to strike out certain ,
words from the resolution and insert other words
declaring that the act of England in these aggres-
sions on our commerce is the act of a belligerent.
Now, the act of a belligerent is an act of war;
and if the Senate is prepared to say that these
acts of England, in these aggressions, are acts of |
war, then it may be that we should meet tliem by 1
acts of war on our side, which the resolutions
carefully avoid. They are acts of offense, and
very high offense, which are now being inquired
into by the Executive. _ At most, the language
used by the amendment is only language of more
explosive character than that contained in the
resolutions, and 1 hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy time,
but simply wish to say that by the authority upon
which the report is* founded—the case of the
Marianna Flora, in 11 Whcaton—the Supreme
Court of the United States judicially declare that
these are belligerent rights and acts, and can only
be justified as such. Now, if they are belliger-
ent, and such is the doctrine of the Supreme
Court of the United S.taLes, why shall not the
j Senate say so ? I think we all know it. Our own
tribunals have so decided, and I think it becomes
us to say so. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. It seems to me, Mr. President,
that we are making a declaration of war by the
passage of these resolutions, without providing
any means for the Presidentto prosecute that war.
Certainly it is impossible that these acts of the
officers of Great Bi itam can have been committed
without authority. 1 have never for a moment
entertained the idea that they were not authorized
to do precisely what they have done. Therefore,
they are the acts of the British Government. 1
cannot see how it is possible for them to withdraw
after they have progressed to such an extent as
to bring down the indignation, not only of this
Government, but of the people of the United States.
It seems to me that the best thing we can do,
would be to give aulhouly to the Presulentof the
United States to pursue the offending vessels and
bring them into port for what they have done, and
then, if Great Britain objects to it, and makes a
declaration of war, we should be ready to meet it.
What are we doing ? We are passing resolutions
that certainly look to difficulty with Great Britain,
and we are making no preparations to meet it. It
looks more like a farce than anything eise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call for the special oilier at this hour.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 was very much in.
hopes 
Mr. GWIN. I have not got through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the special
order for one hour—until two o'clock—m order
that we may end this discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. J hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move that these resolu-
tions be postponed until Saturday next, at one
o'clock, and be made the special order {hen, tothe
exclusion of all other business. ["Oh, no."] I
make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is in
order, if there be no objection.
Mr. TOGMDS. I object to that. I wuh them
to be postponed; I do not want them passed at
all. They can be taken up on Friday or Satur-
day, as they do not require joint action.
Mr. MASON. I a.->k for a vole on my propo-
sition 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate, and it muft be postponed m
order to give the Senator from Virginia an oppor-
tunity to tnalep the motion lie desires to submit.
Mr. HUNTER. My colleague can make ins
motion to-morrow m the morning hour.
Mr. MAtoON. I yield, when I cannot nuke^
my motion. | /
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. V
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
200) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of Government for the year ending 20th
June, 1850; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Crov/a", to stnice out the word
" Potomac" from the item appropriating $0,(100
to repair the Potomac, navy-yard, and upper
bridges in thp District of Columbiji. ;
Mr. BROWN. I hope we dha.il have a vote on j
this question. I do not want to discuss it. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment. >
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
Mr. IVERSON. If this motion of the Senator
from Mississippi prevails it will not only deprive
the Long Bridge of any appropriation for repairs,
but it will give the whole $6,000 to the two other
bridges .undoubtedly.
Mr. BROWN. I have already notified the
Senate that in case this amendment shall prevail,-
I shall Propose to reduce the appropriation pro rata.
_ Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will move to strike out the whole appropri-
ation, I will go with him, because I do not believe '
Congress ought to keep up these bridges for the
benefit of the people of Washington or George-
town either. Congress has paid the expense of
constructing these bridges, and now I think the
people of the District ought at least to pay the
expense of repairing them; but if you repair one,
I think you are in duty bound to repair all. I am
not in favor of appropriating money to repair
bridges at Georgetown and do nothing for the
bridges of the city of Washington. If the Senator
from Mississippi, or any other gentleman, will
move to strike out the whole clause, I will vote
for that motion; and if I had been here when the
original proposition was presented to construct
these bridges, i should not have voted a dollar
for their construction. I do not put theconstruc-
tion or repairs of these bridges on the same foot-
ing with your construction of water-works. The
Government, as a Government, is not interested
in these bridges. Individuals are; the traveling
community are; and the Long Bridge is of more
concern, of more importance, and of more interest
to the people of this District, and to the people of
theUnitcd States generally,than fifty such bridges
as are in Georgetown and over the Eastern Branch,
that the Senator from Mississippi has so much
care about. He takes especial care against this
one, and the inclusion of one is the exclusion of
the other. That is an old rule. I believe, which
the Senator will recognize. He is very hostile to
the Long Hridge; and in exhibiting this hostility
to that, we infer that he is exceedingly friendly
to the others; but I do not understand this dis-
crimination, and I am not in favor of making it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to discuss the
question, and do not mean to no H; but I will say
again that my object in withdrawing appropria-
tions from this bridge is that we may«ultimately
do what I think Congress ought to do—construct
a proper bridge at the proper place. The present
bridge, as has been charged over and over again,
and proved a dozen times, and yet the proof has
to be made every time the question comes up, not
only obstructs the navigation of the river below
Georgetown, but, in the judgment of the medical
faculty of Washington, and of all liying in the ^
western end of the city, is detrimental to the health
of all th.H poitiou of the city; and the best in-
_ formed believe it is detrimental to the health of
i the presidential mansion. To cross it will require,
1 in going from the depot at Washington to Alex-
andria, some fifteen or twenty minutes longer than
to cross the riveratGeorgetown. Toreconstruct
the bridge, which will have to bo done if this site
be maintained, for it is now almost worn out, will
i cost whoever does it *'2,000,000 more of money,
j 1 avow my whole object to be in the end to get
j clear of the biid^e, to get clear of it entirely, for
; three reasons; first, that it obstructs navigation;
1 second, that it is destructive to the public health;
! and third, that it requires more time to reach a
I given point that way than it will the other way.
; These are the thive grounds upon which I base
| my opposition to it. So long as you continue to
! patch it up and keep it there, you will build no
i bridge anywhere eise; nor will anybodyelse. If
| it was away, then the great interests of thecoun-
| try would require the construction of a proper
1 bndgo at a proper place, and I want to cut loose
1 from it.
, Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How much
will it eo^t ?
: Mr. BROWN. A bridge can be built for all
; the purposes of a railroad budge, and for the pur-
! poses of common travel, together with the recon-
1 strucnon of the aqueduct over the piers above
' Georgetown, for $1,000,000. The estimate is,
that to build a railroad budge at the site of the
! present Long Bridge, will co&t upwards of three
1 minion doliais. I do nof pretend to say that the
j obligation is upon Congress to build the one or
| the other of them. I have brought forward no
'proposition, and do not mean to bring forward
