1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
three gentlemen, for the Senate,at this particular ;
time, to adopt a measure of retrenchment which (
would be retroactive in its action in relation to ,
them. The expense is a mere trifle, and will not I
exceed, I am assured, two thousand dollars. i
These gentlemen have friends and acquaint-
ances throughout the United States who are anx-:
ious to know what their position was here, the
particulars of their history, their birth, their ori-
gin, their progress in life, and what were the .sen-
timents of theirassociates in this body in relation
to them. I will not pretend to say how many
applications have been made to me for these obit-
uaries, for they are numberless. I think the Sen-
ate will be but discharging a duty winch it owes,
and it will be a proper respect for the memory of
the deceased, to publish these obituaries, i con-
sider the expense to be comparatively nothing
if the committee recommend the adoption of a
measure of reform, hereafter to be brought into
practice by the Senate, it is well; but iet it notgo
back to affect the memory of our lately deceased
colleagues. I should consider it adncct reflection
on their memory and the feelings of their friends
if we were now to deport from the custom that
has prevailed in this body heretofore.
I am not disposed to take up the time of the
Senate. I will simply say in conclusion, that 1
think it is due to the memory of these gentlemen
that these obituaries should be propcily prepared
for distribution, as thousands and thousands are
writing hete, requesting that they may be fur-
nished v/ith the in.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. Mr. President, I fool it
incumbent on me to say a woid or two in refer-
ence to this matter, for the simple reason that, as
peihaps you may lecollecl, sir, I originated the
opposition to the publication of obit nanus during
the lust Congress when I way a member of the
Committee on Printing. 1 did so, because I
thought it entirely unnecessary, and not of the
slightest consequence to the memory of tin; de-
ceased Senator. I made the objection in a v< ly
eminent cane, that of the late Air. Clayton. It
has not boon a common thin;;, as .^uppnsod by
the Senator from Texas, to publish tin se obituu: y
notices. It has onlyb.'en done heretofore ma
very few cases, and those of very disunuuished
gentlemen. The obituaries delivered on the de.it lis
of Mr. Webster, Air. Clay, Mr. Calhoun, and
Mr. King, the Vice President, 1 think, were the
only ones that have been published. Many Sen-
ators have died dining then peuodof sot vice, and
obituary addresses have been delivered here m
this Chamber, and no further notice was taken
by way of publication. When the case of Mr.
Clayton came up, although he was a very distin-
guished man, 1 thought it as well to interpose
then, and to object to the farther publication of
books of this description. The committee im-
ported accordingly. We reporti d against it; but
at a later period of the session, tin; pressu re being
very strong, the Senate reveised the acunn of the
committee, and agieed to publish those obi urn i ses,
but not to have them bound in the oi iginal form.
The reason assigned was, that Mr. Clayton had
occupied such distinguished stations in the Gov-
ernment, that it was nut a proper place exactly to
interpose an objection to the publication which
was so much desired.
Now, sir, here are three Senators who died m
the recess of the last Congress m different sections
of the country, one from the Noith, one fiom the
.South, and one from the extreme Southwest, all
of whom were very respectable gentiemui, and
men cf eminence; but 3 think the reputation of
men is not aided at all by publishing obituary
notices of thorn. I think the great object which
is attained by that, is rather extending the repu-
tation of the living members who have made the
speeches, by sending forth their ideas as ex pressed
here, and probably with care, and in a style and
form that they consider to be veiy fine, and dis-
tributing them all over the country. It adds noth-
ing to the reputation of the men themselves, and
f think it is a waste of money. The sum is not
laige, to be suie, but still it is a waste of money to
publish these obituary notices so extensively in
the shape of books, and distribute them at the
expense of the public Treasury, when no object in
the woiid is attained except to send these little
rpeeehes abroad in the land for people to read and
' -Mi :mr,s of those who are left, and who make
the In for that is jnci about all coi/a.?* to.
The sum, to be sure, is small, but I have had
occasion to say in this place before, that if we
hesitate about making a saving because it is a
small saving, we shall hesitate quite as much and
as often upon great ones. I should be very glad
to strike at many of the abuses in the way of ex-
penditure. I should like very much to strike at ,
post office contracts, and Army contracts, and '
other great things which, if sve could get hold of ;
them, and there was a disposition to carry out a
real reform, would afford us an opportunity to ,
effect much; but the fact that we cannot do that, .
or wiP not do that, is no excuse for expending 1
what is called a small sum, only two or three
thousand dollars, every time any particular mdi- i
vidua.may want to receive at our hands a book
of this description
i took part m one of these cases, and made a
speecn myself on the occaston I thought it was
due to the memoty of a gentleman whom I re-
spected very highly and loved ^ery much; but 1
have no particular desire that it shall go abroad
into all the States of the Union to be read, and I
do not thmk the leputation of my friend will be
a particle increased, or his memory benefited by ,
it. Sir, we have a great many debts to pay. There
are a good many people to whom this Govern-
ment owes small sums, and it is obliged to borrow
money to pay them. There arc a good manypeo- '
pie who have little pension In.Is, and little claim
bills here, who aic waiting for their money, and
need it. If we devote oiu spare cash to that pur-
pose in the first place, we should be doing quite
as well as m publishing these books; and if we
refuse to grant this request, in this particular in- 1
stance; if we stop here, as suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing; I see in it no
d-wrespcct to the memory of these gentlemen,
whom we all respected so much. Therefore, I
hope the Senate will follow out the suggestion of
the Committee on Printing, and begin put here,
and say that we will leave the reputation of those ,
gent'emen who are so unfortunate as to die m
their country's service, in this Chamber, to be 1
taken care of by what that reputation may happen |
to deserve, and by the memory of men in the coun- ;
try, ni reference to their public service. At all !
events, 1 beg leave to repeat again, that I think |
we accomplish nothing by publishing these books j
exceptextendmo the knowledge of those who are !
left in the Senate to speak of those who are gone. !
Mr. BROWN, if this is to be a genuine at- j
tempt to reform abuses in the matter of public |
printing, I shall vote with the committee, distaste- j
ful as it is to me to vote against such a proposi- i
tion as this. I think, myself, itlooks a good deal ,
like straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel, 1
to commence a reform upon a little proposition of 1
this sort. Still, if we are going to adhere to it,
and stop this monstrous abuse of publishing every
thing at the public expense, and making pictures
of eveiything, I will stand by the committee, and
incur my portion of the odium of refusing to do
a graceful and, as I think, a proper tlnng towards
deceased members of this body. Under ordinary
cii-rumsranct'S, if the matter of public'printing
had not run into a most wonderful abuse, I should
not hesitate to override a decision of the commit-
tee: but, perhaps, if we are going to reform, we
might as well commence here as anywhere, and
commence with deceased members of this body.
All of us know that the great expense of publish-
ing these obituaries will be in pieparing plates of
the deceased members. That costs a great deal
more than putting up the type, buying the paper,
and everything else. Put, sir, we make pictures
of everything, and I sent just now to get the last
report that has come in. Here is a specimen of it.
Mr. HALE. What is it?
Air. BROWN. Emory's report upon the bound-
ary between the United States and Alexico. I
happened on it this morning, and the fiist thing
that struck me was a painted Indian, mounted on
horseback. What that has to do with the bound-
ary, or with surveying the boundary, or giving
you any intelligence of it, would puzzle the wisest
man m the world to tell; and yet nobodycan say
what it costs. Here is a magnificent picture of an
Indian, and the book is full of them. Then, again,
there are fifty or sixty pages at the end—yes,
perhaps one hundred—covered with pictures of
shells', and bugs, and so on, all the way through. ,
This is the firsc volume, and I understand, inci-
dentally, that :t is to be followed by four u; five '
more of the same size. Why, sir, the books will
cost you as much as one of the regiments that
fought the battles of Mexico. It will cost you
more than the whole survey—and all for what?
For these miserable pictures, which never ought
to have gone into the books. They are out of
place, out of character, an outrage upon the pub-
he Treasury and the public confidence. Why,
sir, we have hardly got through paying School-
craft for an Indian book. Now you cannot send
out a man to survey a railroad across the mount-
ains, or survey the boundary between two coun-
tries, that he does not come back here with one
of thesepicture-book,filled full of Indians,snakes,
bugs, shells, and all manner of things. This
ought to be put a stop to. Do you know how
many of that kind of books are being published
now * First, you have the great explorer, Cap-
tain Wilkes. lie is making books. I do not
know whether we have got through with the Ja-
pan Expedition or not. I do not think we have.
That was multiplied to several volumes.
Mr REWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi allow me to interrupt him for a
moment ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Air. SEWARD. It is for the purpose of ask-
ing him to be quite accurate in the advertisement
he is giving, through his speech, to the people
I everywhere in the United States, about the num*
| bor and character of the books we are printing, be-
j cause the effect of such expositions of theattrac-
i tions of these volumes upon the public appetite
| for them is seen in a multiplied increase of de-
j mands upon us all to send them. Igenerallyget
I about fifty or sixty copies of one of these works,
I and I am very sure that before the echoes pro-
j ducod by their publication and advertisement here
[ have died away, 1 have to answer some four or
| five hundred demands for them. Of course I am
I obliged to say to four fifths of the applicants that
I my supply being a very small amount for an
oxtraoidinarily large constituency, is exhausted,
j am losjiig ground with my correspondents. I
am now excusing myself for not circulating the
Japan Expedition, my supply of which was ex-
hausted by the circulation of the first volume two
years ago. It is the same case with several others
of these attractive works. If the honorable Sen-
ator, in tenderness of us all, will take care not to
excite expectations by his speech, which we can-
not fulfill, he will save us from a world of trouble.
Air. BROWN. It is the first time I have ever
known that it has been any disadvantage to the
Senator from New York. I think I shall go for
these books hereafter. [Laughter.] I shall have
to change my policy, because it is going to injure
him m public estimation. I am so well satisfied
that he ought to be injured, that I am not sure that
it would not be a good speculation to publish the
books. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT /no tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. HALE, and others. Let us finish this.
Air. HOUSTON. I move that the special or-
der be postponed, so that we may terminate this
matter.
Mr. BItOWN. If the Senate will take a vote,
as the morning hour has expired, I do not can;
to detain the Senate.
Air. CAMERON. I desire to say a woid, as
a member of the committee.
Air. DOUGLAS. If debate is to go on, I feel
under obligation to call for the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order supersedes the resolution under considera-
tion, unless the Senate otherwise order.
Air. HALE. I move to postpone the speci.il
order, so that we may finish tins resolution. If
we do not do so, we shall make no progress with
this subject.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the special order?
The PRESIDENT pi u tempore. The Minne-
sota bill. The motion is to postpone that, and
continue the further consideration of this resolu-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, I feel desirous that its report
should be sustained. No one can entertain a
higher respect for the memory of the deceased
Senators, no man thought more highly of them,
while living, than I did. Eveiy member of the
committee entertains the same opinions of them;
