422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
may have been entered into. For several of these
works, sir, there are at least one hundred plates,
engraved or to be engraved. For Emory's report
one hundred and thirty-six plates have been con-
tracted to be engraved in Paris. A portion have
been engraved and furnished to the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. Another portion have re-
cently arrived and are now at the custom-house
in New York, and the remainder of them are be-
ing engraved. These are the plates for the report
of the Mexican boundary commission.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will ask the gen-
tleman a question, which he can answer, I have
no doubt. Is this appropriation designed to com- j
plete the work not yet begun? Is it designed to
complete any volumes of Gilliss's report not yet '
commenced to be printed ? Can any of them be
dispensed with? j
Mr. PHELPS. Whether any of the volumes ]
of the report of Lieutenant Gilliss can be dispensed :
with I am not prepared to say. The appropria-
tion embraces the money which is deemed neces-
sary to complete Gilliss's report so far as it has
been furnished to the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and so far as the plates, engravings, and
illustrations necessary to accompany the report
have already been contracted for.
But, sir, so far as manuscript, hereafter to bo j
furnished, is concerned, there are no data upon i
which any estimate could be made, for you do
not know the amount of manuscript which Lieu- j
tenant Gilliss may yet furnish to the Secretary of
the Navy to be transmitted to the Superintendent 1
of Printing, nor do you know how many maps j
and illustrations he deems advisable shall accom- :
pany that work. 1
I was remarking, sir, that this extraordinary j
expenditure has been brought upon the House '
and upon Congress by the heedless (I use the !
term hteihts, and I mean it) and reckless man-
ner in which both Houses of Congress have voted
for the printing of public documents. I
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire to ask the gentleman j
from Missouri a question before ho leaves that ]
point. I understand the gentleman to say that
this printing of Gilliss's report is in pursuance of
a resolution adopted long ago. Now, I wish to
inquire of the gentleman f'mm Missouri whether
theie is any restriction placed upon Lieutenant
Gilliss in the preparation of that book ; or whether '
there is any existing law requiring that, when
Lieutenant Gilliss prepares another volume of that ;
work, it shall be handed to the Public Printer, i
and the Public Printer be compelled to have it ]
printed, without further action of Congress? j
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer that question by
reading the resolution of the House under which |
this report of LieutenantGilliss was ordered to be j
printed. During the first session of the Thirty-:
Third Congress, the following resolution was
reported from the Committee on Printing, and
adopted by the House: !
" R«soZj><!<Z, That theie be puntciland bound,tn the Pub-
lie Printer and J5iti<ler oi the floiNe, my Thousand copies of
lUti report, and two thousand fopie* of the ol^eivations of !
the United States naval astronomic,U expedition to Chili— i
five hundred copies of the icpoit and oh.-eivaUoiis 'or the
use ot'the Secretary ot the Navv. two handled and lirtv tor
the superintendent ot the expedition, and the renin tndei lot
distribution by the memheis of the present ilou^e; said
work to In1 printed in tjuaito or octavo form, a-, the work
mil admit and the Committee on Pimtujg may direct."
That, sir, is tho resolution under which the
printing of Gilliss's report was ordered by the
House. The Hou.se delegated, iis authority to
the Committee on Printing to make a contract for
the printing of that work, either in octavo or in
quarto form; and for the binding of that work in
such manner as the committee might direct it to
be bound. That was an innovation upon the law
providing for the binding of public documents;
for you have a resolution upon the statute-book
which directs that all public documents of two
hundred pages of printed matter shall be bound,
provided the cost of binding docs not exc-ed a
certain amount; and there is no order made by
the House for the binding of such documents.
But the Committee on Pruning reported that res-
olution to the House during the first session of
the Thirty-Third Congress, and the House of
Representatives sanctioned the innovation which
it was proposed to make, and the mandate went
forth to the Public Printer to print the work either
ill octavo or quarto form, and to print the number
of copies specified in the resolution. In pursu-
ance of that resolution of the House, the Com-
mittee on Printing directed the work to be pub-
lished in quarto form, and to be bound in the style
in which it has been bound, and in which it has
been furnished to members for distribution.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to correct a state-
ment which the gentleman has just made. The
Committee on Printing of this House has no
power to change the character of any work. It
is the joint committee ol the two Houses.
Mr. PHELPS. When I spoke of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I meant the Joint Committee on
Printing. I am aware that it is a joint committee.
Mr. NICHOLS. So I presumed. I merely
wanted to prevent misapprehension.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether the appropriations
which the Committee of W ays and Means recom-
mend is intended to cover expenses already in-
curred or prospective expenses?
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the inquiry pro-
pounded to me by the gentleman from Louisiana,
I will state, as I have already stated, that it is for
the purpose of paying for work already executed
by the Public Printer; it is to pay for paper
already furnished by the contractors, and which
has been received by the Superintendent of Print-
ing, and issued to the Public Printer; it is to pay
for engraving, electrotyping, and lithographing
already executed and now in process of being
executed.
Then, Mr. Chairman, there was another work
ordered to be printed during the Thirty-Third
Congress. I refer to the report of the Pacific
railroad surveys. That work was oidered to be
printed, and the Committee on Printing on the
part of the House was clothcd with authority to
direct it to be printed in quarto form, and did so
direct; they also had power to direct the printing
of the maps, engravings, and illustrations to ac-
company those surveys. When that report was
ordered to be printed, it was supposed it would
only make some two or three volumes. Such, at
least, was my expectation. We had appropriated
money for the survey of the several routes, for
the purpose of determining upon the practicability
of those proposed routes for a line of raihoad to
the Pacific ocean, nnd I was desn-ous that those
explorations should be published; for even if they
gave ns no valuable information upon the subject
of a line of nulroad, still they were explorations
ot unknown ^ regions of our own country, and
ought, therefore, to be published on that ground.
They were Government explorations of the coun-
try inhabited by Indians, lying to the far west of
the Mississippi, and of passes in the mountains,
of which wo had, then, very meager and scanty
information.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, if he can toll this commit-
tee how much of the appropriations asked for in
this deficiency bill is lor work yet to he done ?
Mr. PH ELPS. The inquiry of the gentleman
cannot be answered. If an engraver is engaged
in engraving a plate and it is but half executed,
how can you obtain information of the exact
amount that that work has cost up to that point?
Again, how can you ascertain the exact amount
of expense which has been incurred by the Public
Printer, who is, peihaps,engaged at this ery time
in executing work which you have directed him
to perform.? Can you stop the press when a vol-
ume has been half or two thirds completed, and
make a computation of the cost? Before you could
make the computation and then get reports from
the lithographers and engravers, employed in the
cities of Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,
New Yoik, and Albany, you would find that the
work would be executed.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman asks me a
question, and 1 will answer it. It strikes me that,
when the estimates were furnished him by which
he made out this deficiency bill, it would have
been a very ecsy matter to ascertain what part
had been commenced, and what part had not been.
We are asked to vote ^790,000 as a deficiency for
public printing; and I am unwilling to vote that
unless 1 know what it is for. The first informa-
tion that I want to get from the gentleman from
Missouri is, how much has been executed, and
how much the Government actually owes. And
then I want to stop that part which has not been
furnished or commenced. Hence my inquiry,
and hence my desire to have this information.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desiie to ask the gentle-
man  ••
Mr. PHELPS. One at a time, if you please.
Mr. HOUSTON. J propose to ask the gentle-
man for information.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that the gentle-
man from Missouri is entitled to the floor; and,
that unless the gentleman thinks proper to yield
for a question 
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot submit to be catechized
until I answer the questions already put to me.
If the gentleman from Alabama will wait a little
while, we will get along faster.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; we will see.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] makes an inquiry of me as to how
we came to submit this estimate, when, by obtain-
ing information from the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and by obtaining information from the
Clerk of the House 
Mr. BURNETT. That is not my inquiry.
Mr. PHELPS. I always like to be allowed to
make my own speech, and in my own form: and
I do not like gentlemen on the floor of tho House
to direct me to proceed to a certain portion of that
which I intend to comment upon, before I reach
it in my own proper time. If the gentleman in-
quires in reference to the report of "Gilliss, I tell
him, just as I have told other gentlemen in regard
to that report, that it is impossible to fix the amount
of the work done on an uncompleted volume, But
we do not propose in this bill to appropriate money
for work where the manuscript has not vet been
deposited with the Secretary of the Navy, or sent
to the Superintendent of Public Printing. That
is the answer in reference to the work of Gilliss.
So I say with reference to the work of the Pacific
railroad surveys and explorations.
On that point I was going to invite the atten-
tion of my friend from Kentucky, and also of
my friend from Alabama, [Messrs. Burnett and
Houston,] to tho fact that here are some seven
volumes of this report that have been completed >
so far as the printing is concerned. Seven vol-
umes have been executed by the Public Printer,
and a portion of them have been bound; a por-
tion has not yet been bound; and yet we propose,
in this appropriation bill, to appropriate money
for the binding of these volumes that are yet un-
bound. As to the reports of explorations and
surveys to ascertain the most practicable and eco-
nomical route for a railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, ordered at the second
session of the Thirty-Third Congress, the print-
ing of seven volumes of this report has been com-
pleted, four of which have been bound, and the
other throe are nearly ready for the binder. The
letter-press and most of the illustrations for the
eighth volume are printed; but some delay will
be occasioned in its completion, in consequence
of the destruction by fire, in Philadelphia, often
of the copperplates, it is estimated that the en-
tire work, when completed, will make eleven large
quarto volumes, including one volume of maps
and profiles. *
Heiu are eleven volumes, including maps and
profiles. A portion of these maps and profiles
have been executed. What portion yet remains
to be executed, I cannot inform the committee;
hut I am informed that a large portion of them
have been executed. The completion of them has
been delayed in consequence of the destruction
of some of the plates in the fire at Philadelphia.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, my question to the gen-
tleman from Missouri is this: he speaks of seven
volumes being complete so far as the printing is
concerned, and says that the eighth volume has
progressed, and that the whole number of vol-
umes will be eleven. Then, I understand from
him that there are three volumes not yet com-
menced at all ? Now 1 ask the gentleman to state
to us what these volumes cost each to the Gov-
ernment ofthe United States, and the relations be-
tween the volumes; whether, if the publication
stop where it is, including the eighth volume, or
excluding the eighth volume, the information is
not as perfect, or nearly so, as if the whole eleven
volumes be printed ?
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Alabama
is a little mistaken in assuming that I have con-
cedcd that there are three volumes of this work
