470
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Sell.
Senate.
houses abroad; but they speak of it as a device
which, if persisted in, would injure the character
of their manufactures in every part of the world
where they have customers, and that it ought to
be looked to and guarded against. They furnish
a texture similar in looks and appearance and
quality, apparently, but different from the texture
sold the preceding year. All these devices exist
to a large extent. It may be that some of the
frauds could, be practiced on our custom-houses if
we had a home valuation; but I think-not to any-
thing like the same extent.
The honorable Senator admitted that by smug-
gling there might be fraud, to a considerable
amount, practiced upon the revenue of the Gov-
ernment; that there might be a large importation
of foreign merchandise which was not entered on
our custom-house books, of the value of which
we knew nothing; and that is another point which
1 do not know that I made yesterday. By the
present system of foreign undervaluations and
fraudulent devices of one kind or another, I ask
the honorable Senator if there is any means of
knowing what amount of foreign merchandise is
imported into this country, and consumed here?
You do not know it. The honorable Senator from
Georgia thinks, under favorable circumstances to
the commission of fraud, it might amount to a
hundred millions; the Senator from Rhode Island
thinks it does, probably, amount to fifty millions
a year, or upwards; that is the minimum. By the
present system you do not know what amount of
merchandise is brought in. The honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia relies on the figures as they
appear upon our Treasury reports. We show
that there is a diminished quantity stated in our
books by that much annually—fifty or one hun-
dred millions. Is not a system which leaves such
a question uncertain, as to the amount of fifty or
one hundred millions imported and consumed
here, and all of which is to be paid for either in
gold or silver, or by the products of the country,
or in bankruptcy—is not a system essentially vi-
cious that admits of such deception, piaeticod not
only upon the people of the country generally,
but upon all fair turn honorable tradcis,aml piac-
ticed upon the Government itself? It is apparent
that tho Treasury reports do not give us the
amount of merchandise imported and consumed
in this country which has to be paid for; but I
see no reference to the uncertainty and want of
any true intrinsic value in these reports at all.
For example: if tho undervaluations amount to
$50,000,000 a year, in the last ten years we have
imported #500,000,000 worth of foreign merchan-
dise consumed and paid for, except that part
which lies over unpaid, of which we have no ac-
count in our Treasury reports.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Tennessee,
like the Senator from Georgia, relies on three yearn
which have been picked; but to ascertain whether
the value of the exports does exceed, for the whole
term, the value of the imports, he ought to have
taken the whole period from 1846 up, and he
would have found that, in some years, the im-
ports exceeded tho exports. In 1846, the imports
were $121,000,000, and the exports $113,000,000;
in 1847, the exports were $158,000,000, and tin;
imports $146,000,000; in 1848, they wore equal;
in 1849, the imports were $146,000,000, and the
exports $145,000,000; in 1850, the exports were
§178,000,000, and the imports $151,000,000; in
1851, the exports were $218,000,000, and the im-
ports $316,000,000; in 1852, the imports exceed;
and in 1853, again, tho imports exceed largely.
If he had taken the whole period, he would find
that difference would not appear.
Mr. BELL. I have not made that calculation
in reference to the increased amount of importa-
tions from 1847 up to this time. The honorable
Senator stated it at ten per cent., and I said on
the average it amounted to fifteen per cent.; but
I have not made the calculation to see the cor-
rectness of the figures upon which t he Senator from
Georgia has proceeded, and also the Senator from
Rhode Island, in coming to the conclusion that the
frauds amounted to $50,000,000 a year, at least,
and in some years to $100,000,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. The way 1 got at it was this;
the last throe years showed that the exports were
$-28,000,000 less than the imports, and then the
profits on the commodities exported and the earn-
ings of freight I take to be at least $60,000,000
a year, say twenty per cent.
Mr. HUNTER. But the Senator has not given
us the estimate of the market value of the two
in each place. He has supposed that, through
the custom-house, all the returns that are made
from the foreign trade of the country are made,
whilst we know that not only is there a great deal
of smuggling, but we know they do not afford
any reliable information in regard to the flow of
specie. There is a large amount of specie brought
in by immigrants that does not appear on the cus-
tom-house books at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can tell my friend from Vir-
ginia that does not make the least difference; it is
not counted in the exports, and therefore it ought
not to be* in the imports. Whatever foreign gold
appears in the imports is so much in favor of my
calculation and against his.
Mr. HUNTER. The exports all appear, and
the imports do not all appear. How can the Sen-
ator tell, then, whether they are equal ?
'Mr. TOOMBS. If the immigrant brings in his
gold, it disturbs the calculation of the Senator
from Virginia, not mine.
Mr. HUNTER. Not at all. I referred to that
as an instance to show that the flow of gold docs
not appear. This is one instance; theie are oth-
ers; the specie is not always returned; that is a
notorious fact.
Mr. TOOMBS. That does not make any dif-
ference; it does not go into the exports.
Mr. BELL. The foreign gold imported by im-
migrants would not be a large difference; it would
nut even be a set-off against smuggling; but I leave
that question to the honorable Senators from
Georgia and Rhode Island. I founded my state-
ments not only on that calculation of figures, to
which I paid not so much attention as those gen-
tlemen, but, on examinations which I made my-
self, showing that it wan impossible, when you
exact the duties on the value at the port of expor-
tation abroad, to obtain the full value, on account
of the scores of devices resorted to by ingenious
men, who have no conscientiousness, to defraud
the revenue. I believe the frauds in this way would
amount to at least twelve and a half per cent, on
the whole average importations as they appear
upon the books; and I have not the slightest doubt
that the honorable Senator from Georgia is per-
fectly right in his estimate as to their extent. They
certainly must come up to $50,000,000. There
is not a gentleman who goes abroad who has not
occasion to ascertain these facts. If he buys a
few articles to bring home to his family, amount-
ing to only a few hundred dollars, or five hundred
or a thousand francs, he is presented with two
invoices, one for himself, which is the bill by
which he pays, and tho other the bill by which,
when he is overhauled at home, he is to pay duties
at the custom-house. I have not traveled on the
continent myself; but I have known gentlemen
personally, of character and credit, who informed
me that such is the piactice at this day m every
place where they buy jewelry and the finer fabrics
of manufacture on the continent.
Now, in regard to the cxportations also, the
Senator from Virginia takes no note of the prob-
able five hundred millions of debt that are owing,
besides tho thirty millions of specie we have been
exporting on the average for the last ten years,
over and above what is imported, which must go
to the payment of the interest on that debt. I
know that many gentlemen here will say that this
is an uncertain calculation; that the amounts of
American securities, State bonds, railroad bonds,
and municipal coiporation bonds, held abroad, are
very uncertain, and vary. I know that; but we
must only look to what those best informed on
the subject believe and suppose to bo the amount
held abroad. I think less than four hundred mil-
lions cannot be safely taken as the estimate.
Mr. HUNTER. The late Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Guthrie,estimated it at $200,000.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not know what his last es-
timate upon the subject was; but I find that the
London Timcsestimates it at $500,000,000.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be §500,000,000, and we
have to send the interest out on that sum, it would
account for the difference of which the Senator
from Georgia speaks.
Mr. BELL. No; the thirty millions would not
account for it. What is the amount of debt due
in the neighborhood of Glasgow alone, to the
manufacturing establishments ? I notice, by the
general statements in the newspapers, that the
banks there lost over a hundred millions by ac-
commodating traders and speculators particularly
connected with the American trade and the export
of iron—all that has been sunk and lost. We do
not know how much is the debt owing by Amer-
ican merchants abroad. I know it is so consider-
able that English financiers and merchants think
it is of great importance that we should have
things in a sounder condition than we have in the
United States, for they want to get their money.
I wish my friend from Virginia to answer me this
question: has there been any such increase of
prosperity in this country since the year 1847 as
would justify an average increase of the ability of
consumption in the United States—I mean by the
increased productions, and the increased industry
of the country—so as to amount to $15,000,000 of
an increase every year ? It is not, as he said,
taking the average of the last nine or ten years,
ten per cent, increase, but on the average, it
amounts to about fifteen per cent.; and some years
it was twenty per cent. Will my friend from Vir-
ginia answer me how that can be possible ?
In reference to what I thought was the amount
of frauds annually committed on the revenues of
the coun try, I stated frankly and fairly the grounds
on which I supposed I made a fair calculation. I
relied upon the information of others, and upon
the reports of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
show that at all events the fraudulent devices wero
considerable,and were much complained of. Now,
I think no showing the Senator from Virginia can
make is at all necessary to the views taken by the
Sonatorfrom Georgia and the Senator from Rhode
Island. He cannot but acknowledge, I think,
that the custom-house returns do not show the
amount of importations annually brought into
our ports. Whether they are fifty millions or
one hundred millions short, is uncertain; but
that there is a large amount short is very evident.
The honorable Senator charges me with under-
taking to rebuke him. If I did so, it was not be-
cause of any feeling or desire on my part to say
anything offensive to him. I stated that I could
perceive there was some plausible ground for tak-
ing the exception as to the constitutionality of the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island,
because he assumed, as did the honorable mover
of the amendment, that it would increase the rev-
enues of the country; but then there was another
question behind that: whether it was not in con-
formity to the true construction of the law of 1846?
The honorable Senator from Virginia now asserts
that the practice and the interpretation have been
uniform from 1795 down to this time. I admit
that weighs considerably; but if it is an erro-
neous construction, if it may be considered open,
as we have no Department that can decide such
things 
Mr. I-IUNTER. I read the decision of Judge
Nelson; that was explicit on the point. What
does the Senator say to that?
Mr. BELL. Is that conclusive ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think so.
Mr. BELL. Is that irreversible ? Does it settle
the law? If it was a construction of the Consti-
tution iv would not settle it in the opinion of the
honorable Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. It settles the law. I do not
think they can settle the Constitution by decis-
ion, but they can settle the law.
Mr. BELL. If this has been the uniform prac-
tice since 1795 to the present time, and it is found
to be an erroneous one, and the manufacturers
and traders of foreign countries have been enabled
to evade the payment of duties to the amount of
at least twelve and a half per cent, under it, is it
not evident that we ought to give a fair interpre-
tation to the law, so as to prevent this, if it will
admit it on any plausible ground ? Now the au-
thority of a judge is interposed. Of course, I ad-
mit that all adjudications on this question must
stand; but that is not the point I was on. The
Senator says I undertook to rebuke him, and
declared that his objection was a technical one.
I urged that it might be considered so, under all
the circumstances; though I did not go into de-
tails to show on what ground it might be'so con-
