1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in
yet untouched. Tlio gentleman misunderstood
me. I stated that seven of them were entirely
printed, and that a large portion of the eighth
volume was printed, with the illustrations to
aecoaipany it. I stated that, the whole woik
would amount to eleven volumes, including one
of maps and plates, and profiles; and that a large
portion of the engravings of this volume were al-
ready executed. Thus there are but two volumes
left unexecuted; and I cannot infoim the gentle-
man what they consist of, 1 desire to invito his
attention, and the attention of the committee, to
the resolution under which the printing was exe-
cuted. The following resolution was adopted at
the second session of the Thirty-Third Congress:
'• lirsolre'}, That there he punted for the of the T>ou*e,
tcii thousand copies of t!i>' u porj> of m; vi ys ioi a i ail road
to th" Pacific, made undei tlie dnection 01 ihe tfeoietary
of Wai, cinbuieins the lcpoif of F. W. Lnndci. i-ivil enm-
iit'o.. of a sinvej ot a Mil road mute 110m i'li^et Sound, by
Foi t Hail and the GiO.it Salt Lake, to the Mi.w^ippt i i\ c: ,
and the icpoit of J. C. Fremont, of a ionte lor a i.uli.uni
fioii) the head watPi^ of tin* Aikan^a^ nver into the State
of California, together with the maps and plates accom-
panying each of said icports necessary to illustrate them."
This resolution directed two reports to be
printed, together with the plates and illustrations
to accompany them, which were the history of
an exploration not authorized by Congress—not
undertaken in pursuance of the act making ap-
propriations for the survey of a railroad to the
Pacific.
Mr.Lander accompanied rny friend,thepiesent
Delegate fi om Washington Tenitoi y, [Governor
Stevens,] in his exploration of a route from the
Mississippi river to Paget Sound, in the year
1<S53. Mr Lander, however, returned by an en-
tirely different route, but the leport of his return
route was not then communicated to the Secre-
tary of War, nor was he employ<d by the Gov-
ernment, nor was he acting m puisuancc of any
instruction from the Secretary of War, in his ex-
ploration from Puget Sound, by Salt Lake, to
the Mississippi river. TIis leport was not writ-
ten when this resolution passed the House; nor
was it submitted until six or eight'months theie-
aftcr—perhaps I might say twelve months there-
after, though my memory may not serve me cor-
rectly. About nine months after this resolution
passed,! had a conversation with the Secretary
of War, (Colonel Davis,) who informed me that
Mr. Lander's report had not then been submitted
to him, nor filed m the office of the Pacific rail-
road surveys.
Again, the report of John. 0. Fremont wa?
ordered to be printed. That expedition was un-
dertaken by himself, solely with his own means,
and without being authouzed or sanctioned by
the Government; yet the [louse of Representa-
tives then had such a desire, to have the informa-
tion which he might contribute, that they ordered
the printing of a document before it was even
requested, and even before the House had any
information that Colonel Ficmont would write
such a report.
f say the fault rests with Congress itself, in
ordering the printing of documents before they
have been communicated lo either branch of Con-
gress. I shall prescribe for myself, in future, a
rule to prevent these extravagant expenditures,
that until a report shall be presented to Congress
—one branch or the other—I will not vote for its
printing or its publication.
Mr. GARNETT. I find, sir, in Miscellaneous
Document No. 30, addressed to the Committee of
Ways and Means, from the office of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, in reference to
the deficiencies in the public printing, engraving,
and hthugi.'iphmg, andpapei, statements marked
Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4,each containing distinct items
of account.
I find in No. 4, that the amount of deficiency,
according to the report of the Supenntendent of
Public Punting, for paper, due and unpaid, is
$104,000. The remaining ^05,000 is for pap^r
yet to be furnished.
I find in No. 1, that the work ordered by the
Thuty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses,
done and unpaid, amounts to a little over seven-
teen thousand dollais. The amounts in Nos. 2
and 3 are, m the aggregate, $105,000, which is for ,
work not yet done. Now the question which I .
propose to the gentleman from Missouri is tins:
Suppose this bill is amended so as to pay for the
wot k already done, but make no appropiitUion for ,
the work not yet done: will not the effect be the
very thing the gentleman from Missouri has indi-
cated that he desires ? And will not this Congress
thereby put a restraint and check upon the extrav-
agance of its predecessors?
Mr. PHELPS. I have two answers to the
question of the gentleman from Virginia. The
question of the gentleman seems to presuppose
that it is the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to provide for stopping the publication of
thesb works; and, in reference to this matter, I
have this reply to make, and it is in order to repel
the presumption of delinquency upon the part of
the Committee of Ways and Means: the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has, for several years
past, been charged with absorbing the whole busi-
ness of the House; that nothing could take place
unless it emanated from the Committee of Ways
and Means, orwas accepted as an amendment to
their bills.
In the next placc, the gentleman from Virginia
is aware that it is the duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means, in an appropriation bill, notto
provide for legislation, but for the appropriation
of such money as may be needed to meet the ex-
penses arising under existing laws, or authorized
by the resolutions of one or the other branches of
Congress. That is made our duty; and hence,
acting as we did, under that authority, we have
made the recommendations which appear in this
bill.
And moreover, the gentleman from Virginia
will bear m rmnd that a select committee was
laised by a resolution introduced by his colleague,
[Mr. Smith,] for the express purpose of inquiring
into the expenditures which had been incurred
on account of the public printing, and to report to
the House what measures are necessary to cur-
tail thost expenses. Then,aswefmdacommittee
specially charged with this subject, and as we find
that these appropriations are necessary to meet
the obligations of the Government, which had
been assumed and contracted for, we could not
report for curtailing these expenses, or for stop-
ping the execution of the work.
Now, as to the specific inquiry of the gentle-
man. The gentleman from Virginia calls my at-
tention to a tabular statementnumbered 4 in this
report of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
in which there is reference to the'fact that there
are certificates issued by the Superintendent of
Public Printing to the amount of ^104,000, which
is on account of paper furnished to the preceding
Superintendent. But since this report was made
by the Superintendent ofPubiicPrmtmg,and even
at that time, there was an additional amount of
paper which Ind but" n used m printing the second
volume of the Comm< rcial Relations. Gentlemen
will recollect that the Ihst, third, and fourth vol-
umes of that report have been printed and dis-
tributed; and the question arises, could you stop
the printing of the second volume'1 Rat, sir, I
am informed that marly all the second volume
has been printed now, and that it is nearly ready
to be delivered to the binder.
Again, in reference to the amounts which are
due the Public Printer according to the statements
marked 1, 9, and 3, to which the gentleman has
called my attention, I have this to say: that no
bill is considered by the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing as due the Printer for any portion
of a volume until he shall have executed the en-
tire volume. For instance: he may be engaged
upon the eighth volume of the Pacific railroad re-
port, as lie is at this time, and he may have printed
all but the last ten or twenty pag^s of the work.
There is nothing due now; but when he shall have
finished these fewadditional pages, when he shall
have printed all the manusenpt which has been
furnished for the work, he is then entitled to the
sum to which the woik amounts according to
the law regulating the rate of public printing; &o
that if we had appropuated simply the amount
due ?H the turn- the bill was lepoited, by the time
the Hoube had acted upon the bill another sum
would have become due, and we should have
been compelled to raise the figures, if we had fol-
lowed the suggestion of the gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia. These remaiks arc applicable, I think,
both to the first, second, and third tabular state- I
inents. i
Mr. GARNETT. I presume, then, that it is j
impossible, from this reportof the 5th of Decern- t
ber, to distinguish between the wuxk already '
executed, and the work still to be executed'. I
learn, with astonishment, I may say, that it is
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means
to register all of the extravagant estimates from
every Department of the Government, instead of
recommending to a Democratic House a reduc-
tion of these estimates to the proper and Demo-
cratic economical standard.
I am ignorant of the rules of this Houso, if the
proper object of a* deficiency bill is not to provide
for the payment of work already done, and for
which no appropriation has previously been made.
I would ask the gentlemen whether prospective
expenditure is a proper subject in this bill? Is
it not the duty of the Committee of Ways and
Means to inform this House what part of the
estimates submitted by the Departments of the
Government is really for a deficiency, and how
much is for a debt that we ought to sanction in a
deficiency bill}
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the gentleman.
He has asked me already whether we can dispense
with volume third. I will refer him to a report
which sustains the answer I gave him. Is the
gentleman prepared, if the Printer of the House
has executed two thirds of a volume, to dispense
with the work, and refuse to pay for the work
already done?
Mr. GARNETT. I want' to know what the
Printer has done; and what work is not yet done?
Mr. PHELPS. It is that question which lam
proceeding to answer. The gentleman should
have looked a little further than he has done into
the report of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, made to Congress on the 5th of December last.
The second volume of the commercial relations
is nearly finished. It was not commenced at that
time. The Superintendent of Public Printing then,
in the gentleman's view, will have to go to the Pub-
lic Piinter every little while—for these works are
progressing all the time—to ascertain what is fin-
ished and what is not. The second volume of the
commercial relations is finished excepting trim-
ming, which can soon be done. I will read the
j resolution ordering the printing of these commer-
cial relations.
Mr. GARNETT. While the gentleman is
looking for the resolution, I wish to put a ques-
tion or two to him. The paper for this second
volume of the Commercial Relations, upon which
he rests so much stress, was estimated by the
proper Department at $14,000, and the printing at
$12,000, making an aggregate of $26,000, out of
the sum of $200,000.
I will call his attention to another point. He
stated, m the beginning of his remarks, that a
portion of this appropriation was to pay for work
not only not done, but the manuscript for which
is not yet m the hands of the Printer.
Mr. PHELPS. Thegentleinan misapprehends
what I stated. I stated when the inquiry was put
to me whether this embraced an estimate for the
publication of that portion of Gilliss's report, of
which the manuscript was notinthe hands of the
Printer, that it did not embrace any such portion
of that report. As the gentleman from Virginia
finds so much fault with the printing, let me call
his attention to some of the incomplete works. I
will take lor instance the second volume of the
Japan Expedition, which was not printed at the
time this report was made. It is printed now, and
has been distributed, and the cost for printing that
one volume, embracing paper, illustrations, and
binding, was only the modest sum of $99,000,
The gentleman has the report of the Superintend-
ent, and can read for himself. That report was
made on the 5th of December last, and was printed
in three or four days thereafter. He must know
that the printing of these works is a continuous
matter, that when the manuscript is handed by
the Superintendent of the Public Printing to the
Public Priiitei the latter proceeds with all dispatch
to execute the work; and I will tell the gentleman,
sir, that much of the expense arises from the cost
of engravings ordered to accompany these works.
Artists are and have been engaged in their exe-
cution for works printed and works yet m press.
Now, sir, a word in reference to the report
of the United States commission to run a bound-
ary line between the United States and Mexico.
The order for punting this work was made at the
first session of the last Congress. Money had
already been appropriated to run the boundary
line between the Republic of Mexico and the
