1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2533
Mr, KUNTER. I should like to hear this
explained. What moneys were expended by
Maine ?
Mr. MASON. The amendment is in the words
of a bill which was reported by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, by their instructions, and they
farther instructed that as the bill could not pos-
sibly get through at this session, it should be of-
fered as an amendment to the appropriation bill.
The bill was accompanied by a report, which ex-
plained it fully, and which can be read, if desired.
Mr. PUCH. Before that, I should like to make
a question of order: this is a private claim. The
other was in pursuance of treaty, but this is a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. PESSENDEN. This
is also based on the treaty.
Mr. MASON. If one is under the treaty, this,
is just as much so. ,
Mr. PUGH. This is to pay an additional rate
of interest to what we have already paid.
Mr. MASON. If gentlemen will allow the re-
port of the committee to be read, [ think they will
see the character of the claim, and be satisfied that
it is not a private claim, but to carry out the pro-
visions of the tieaty.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Polk, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, on the 30th of March:
x"*
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Geoige M. Weston, the commis-
sioner of the State of Maine, have had the subject under
consideration, and now report:
That by the fifth aiticleofthe treaty of Washington, con-
cluded the 9th day of August, A. D. 1813, between the Uiii
ted Slates of Amcnca and her Butainuc Majesty, it u a*
covenanted bj the United States to pay and satisfy the .State
of Maine for all claim-* for expenses inclined by'hfi m pto-
tecting the thereupon disputed territoiv on the northeastern i
bouudaiy of tiie United States. That 111 theyeai J 839. upon
the sudden emergency of the Aioo^took war, for the pur-
pose ofiajMns the means of protecting said deputed tctu-
tory, the State of Maine issued and sold her per cent,
stocks to the amount of about eight hundiud thousand dol-
lars, at a discount helow their nominal value. AL-o, that
in Older to laise additional amounts of cash, she exchanged
six per cent, stocks foi five per cent, to the holders of such
five per epnts. Under the act of Congress of the 3d of
March, 1851, the United States has paid back to Maine the
actual amount of money &he leahzed by such .'ale and ex-
change of stocks,and also interest thereon at theiate of six
per cent, per annum. Under said act, Maine claimed not
only the amount so paid to her by the United States, hut
also the amount of discount and loss, with nitei est theieon,
which she was compelled to incur by the afoiesaid &aie.
On the lOh of April, 18.V2, the Trea^uiy decided to pay as
is stated above, refusing the claim tor looses mtlie sale and
exchange of her stocks. The airent of Maine at once ap
plied to Congas, for lurther relief, and the Senate decided
in her favor, m Anoint, 1^5*2; but having laiiod to obtain
the relief sought, owing to the fret that action by the Ilou^e
was not had on her claim, she now presses her claim be-
fore Congress.
Your committee think that the losses so incurred by
Maine, in the sale and exchange of her slock, foi the pur-
pose of racing money to defend the disputed teiritoiy, as
aforesaid, together with mteieston the same, is as much a
part of the expenses hicuired by her, in the sen.>e of the
treaty of Washington, a-, the amount already iciunded to
her by the United States, and ouirht, aeroidingly, to he paid
and ^ati.sfied to her. They therefore beg leave to report a
bill for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Stuart in
the chair.) The Senator from Ohio raises a ques-
tion of order, that this amendment is excluded by
the 30th rule of the Senate, the last clause of which
reads: "no amendment shall be received whose
object is to provide for a private claim, unless it
be to carry out (he provisions of an existing law,
or a treaty stipulation.5' The Chair in this case
would feel bound by the decision of the commit-
tee as contained in their report, which states that
this provision is to carry out a treaty stipulation,
and he therefore decides the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to me to be a very
important precedent v/hich we are about to estab-
lish. The whole of the claim of the
State of Maine was t/pK we should refund her
money she actually expended m defending her
rights, with legal interest it. That we have
done; and she now comes t"s for a claim in the
shape of damages, saying that bccausc she chose
to raise the moneys in a particular way, that is
by the sale of stocks, we are to make good to her
any loss she may have experienced in raising the
money in that mode. If we do this, how many
of the States may come upon us, for there are a
great many who have advanced to the United
States, and whose claims have been settled hereto-
fore? How many have probably sold their Stocks
—some of these advances were made in time of
war—below par? Are we to go back and ascer-
tain what they may have lost by a particular mode
of raising money in order to remunerate them?
Take the case of a claim between you and me. I
may have advanced money for your use, and having
advanced the money, I am entitled to be refunded
the money and the interest upon it, but surely I
have no right to raise a claim of damages, to say
that I chose a particular mode of raising this
money, and I lost by that mode. That is my con-
cern. All you have to do is to repay me with in-
terest whatever I advanced for you. It seems to
me that the United States have done that in rela-
tion to Maine, and she has no right now to claim
more. I believe that if we sanction this claim,
we shall find it to be a precedent out of which will
giow a £ioat many claimVTor many other States
of the Union. 4/
Mr. FESSE*NDEN^ I knew that the Senator
from Virginia was very sharp, but I did not think
he could carry his sharpness to the extent to
which ho has earned it in this case; and I can
only account for it by supposing that he really
does not understand the question before the Sen-
ate. It is this: Maine was called upon to defend
her territory; she had not money m her treasury
to the amount of $800,000; she had to raise that
money by a loan; she had to borrow money,just
as the United States are compelled to bonow
sometimes; she issued her bonds to the amount
of $800,000; of course she had to go into the mar-
ket with them; and, in goinginto the market with
them, she could only obtain money by selling
those bonds at a discount of some twenty thou-
sand dollars, She had to pay the whole $800,000.
The treaty stipulation is, that Maine shall be re-
funded what she expended, with mton .>t. How
much did she expend in good faith ? Eight hun-
dred thousand dollars, with inteiest; becausc she
had to pay $800,000, and the interest on that.
Now, when the United States are called upon to
make good their treaty stipulation thawhey would
refund to Maine what she had paid, with interest,
is it for them to say that they will pay her only
the money she received on the sale of her bonds?
She did not sacrifice her bonds willingly. It was
a contingency arising at once; the money must
be had at once; she got it on the best terms she
could; she put her bonds into the market, and
sold them as well us she was able; she got $780,000
for bonds of £,300,000; those bonds of $$800,000
bear interest, and a portion of them are bearing
interest to this day. Do the United States remu-
nerate Maine by saying they will not pay the dis-
count? The discount is part of the interest which
the United States agreed to pay; and the stipula-
tion was, to refund her what she paid, with inter-
est. To do this, you must pay her the face of the
bonds sheissued, with inteiest upon them; other-
wise, you make Maine lose what she was abso-
lutely obliged to pay to obtain the money. Now,
the objection comes singularly from the Senator
ftom Virginia, for the United States have done
this very thing for his Slate. The United States
have paid Virginia more than six per cent, inter-
est, because she was compelled to pay it.
Mr. HUNTER. When?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not remember the
exact tune, but the Senator's colleague can tell
him that it is so. The statute has been pointed
out to me, and with a little time I could show it.
It is an absolute fact, as I know, for 1 have in-
vestigated it; but if it had not been, is there any-
thing more just? The stipulation of the treaty
is, that the tJnited States would refund to Maine
what she paid with interest. What did she pay?
Eight hundred thousand dollars and the interest
on that sum. The Senator from Virginia ob-
jects that, because she was compelled to sell her
bonds for a few thousand dollars less than their
face, she must lose the difference. Is that making
her whole ? That debt exists to the present day,
and is the foundation of the greater part of the
claim.
Another part which is a small part, only about
a thousand or two thousand dollars, arises from
another circumstance. Maine was compelled, as
I said, to borrow money. The amount which she
borrowed on her six per cent, bonds m the way
I have desciibed, did not cover the whole case.
Under a provision of our statute, the banks bind
themselves, when they take their charters, to lend
the State, on certain contingencies, a certain
amount of money at five per cent, interest. That
loan was up to its highest pitch, and Maine could
not get another dollar from her own banks, but
the banks told her, " if you will take a certain
portion of the five per cent, bonds which we have
for your other loan, and give us six per cent.'
bonds in their place, we will let you have the
money." In that case she gave only six percent.,
but she lost the difference between five and six per
cent. That made a difference of a thousand dol-
lars or so. That is the mode in which she had '
to obtain money. In both cases, Maine has abso-
lutely paid out money, and the treaty provides
that she shall receive what she expended, with in-
terest. There cannot be anything more fair and
honest. The proper committees of the House and
of the Senate are unanimous in saying that the
claim is manifestly just and proper, without a
single dissenting voice in either.
Mr. MASON. I will read the provision of the
treaty under which this claim is made. The Uni-
ted States stipulated by the fifth article, among
other 1 kings—
'• To pay and satisfy the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts ic pcetively, foi all claims for expenses incurred by
them in pioteetiuij rhe &.nd heretofore disputed territory,
and u' iking a survey thereof, and to pay and indemnify
Lhem f<u all claims for expenses incurred,"%&c.
The committee thought this was an expense,
and a legitimate expense, incurred in getting
money by the sale of depreciated stocks.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend the Senator from
Maine will find himself very much mistaken, if
he thinks any such advance has been made to Vir-
ginia on this pnnciple. He will probably hear
something on thatsubjectfrom the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, and he will see that a pretty
largo amount is involved on this very principle.
I maintain that all the Government is bound to
do, is to repay the State her advances with inter-
est. It has nothing to do with the selling of bonds;
it has nothing to do with the mode m which the
State has raised the money.
Mr. MASON. The stipulation of the treaty is
that which we are to be governed by.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. Now, the stipulation of the
treaty is not that this Government will reimburse
to the State, or refund to the State any moneys
that it advanced; but the stipulation of the treaty
is that it will repay to the State ail expenses that
it incurred. The claim is that, in raising this
money, Maine was obliged to raise it at depre-
ciated rates, and that was an expense incurred.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a claim for damages.
Mr. POLK. I happened to be on the commit-
tee which examined this case, and drew up the
report. The State of Maine is in this fix: she
executed her bonds to raise this money, and she
has got to pay the full amount of dollars called
for by these bonds, and the interest called for by
them, if she has sold these bonds at a discount
of five per cent., for instance, to raise money,
and has spent that money, her expenses are not
refunded by paying back to her the money that
she got. She has to pay the full amount, and the
amount she pays is the amount of expense she is
at. That is the language of the treaty—not that
she shall be refunded all moneys that she may
have paid out; but that she shall be made good
for all expenses that she has incurred. Now,
what is true in the case of the bonds sold by her,
is also true in the case of the exchange of six per
cent, for five per cent, bonds. She could not get
the money on her five per cent, bonds, and was
compelled to issue her six per cent, bonds, and
now she has to pay the amount of those bonds,
with six per cent, interest; and when she has
pnul the bonds, with six per cent, interest, I ask
any man if that is not the amount of expense she
has been at? The language of the treaty is that
she shall be paid the expense. I do not thfnk it
is a case for argument.
Mr. PUGH. I do not want to debate this mat-
ter; but I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 42, nays 7; as follows:
YEAR—Mews. Alien, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Biyler,
Blight, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, Claik, Collamer,
Cimenden, Dixon, JDuifcce, Fessenden, Foot, Fostei, llale,
llainlm, Hammond, Harlan, Uayne, Coupon, Iverson,
Johnson of Aikan*a«, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Kmg? Malloi\\ Mafon, I'olk, rimvaid, Simmon?},
Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thnrn.-on of New Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, Wught, and Vulee—4^.
