472
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Mason.
Senate.
it is to rely, at least, upon the integrity and intel-
ligence of appraisers, and compelling them to
measure by a standard which does not appeal to
their general commercial knowledge, but their
capacity to guess whether the value of the article
has gone up or down at the port where the stand-
ard is fixed, between the date of the last price-
current and the date of the delivery of the goods
at the port of entry. It seems to me to have all
the difficulties, and to be liable to all the frauds 
Mr. BELL. Permit me to ask the .honorable
Senator a question. Is there any other civilized
trading nation in the world that has duties paid
on its importations on their foreign valuation, or
that ever did such a thing? Do not foreign na-
tions lay the duty on the valuation in the port in
which the goods arrive ?
Mr. DAVIS. I am not able to answer the
question.
Mr. BELL. I do not pretend to have a perfect
knowledge on the subject; but my understanding
is, that this is the only country that levies its
duties on a foreign valuation.
Mr. SIMMONS. My proposition—of which
the Senatorfrom Mississippi is complaining—had
a provision in itto meet just such cases at he has
presented. It provided that, when the duty could
not be ascertained in any other way, the collector
might take it in kind, and sell it in the market.
In that way you could certainly get your per-
centage. I should like to see how the Senator can
get over that?
Mr. DAVIS. My objection is, that I am afraid
the appraisers would ascertain it to suit them-
selves. You would have one great central com-
mercial metropolis, from which you would send
out agents, trained m the one great custom-house
of the country, to apply their own notions and
their own standard to every port of the United
States.
Mr. SIMMONS. Those are provisions to get
rid of the abstractions winch have been thrown
m the way of a home valuation. I tluuk that is
perfectly constitutional 
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask my honorable
friend from Rhode Island whether this has much
to do necessarily with the river and harbor bills ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not at all; but I thought
perhaps I could get along better by explaining
exactly what I proposed.
Mr. DAVIS. I am objecting to the abstraction
of money from the pockets of the importers of
every other part of the United States for the ben-
efit of the one great central metropolis of com-
merce. I am objecting to a scheme which is to
swell the number of your custom-house olFicers,
and to give them a larger discretionary power
than they now have.
Mr. BELL. Let me ask my friend from Mis-
sissippi what effect the fraudulent system of under-
raluation, in the city of New York, had on New
"Orleans ? That is one of the grounds on which I
feltexcited and interested on thesubjectever since
I made the examination to which 1 have referred
some years ago at New Orleans. I saw that the
consequence of the system of undervaluation was
to make New York the objectionable entrepot of
which the Senator from Mississippi speaks—the
great emporium of trade in this country. That is
one of my very grounds of objection to the pres-
ent system. I ask my friend from Mississippi
whether it would not be a much more easy task,
on the part of the Government here, to see, su-
pervise, and exercise a patriotic spirit in consult-
ing the most honest and skillful officers in a sin-
gle port than a dozen ports, as we have to do now?
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator presents me the ob-
jection that the New York standard is taken for
the importer at New Orleans, and yet ho proposes
to take the New York standard at every port.
Mr. BELL. What I mean to say is, that I
contemplated a different standard of men in New
York, though I am told the present officers are
very good. Mr. Schell, I have not heard com-
plaint of.
Mr. DAVIS. I sympathise in the hope the
Senator has on the perfectibility of man, but I
hardly expect to find the full development of per-
fectibility in the midst of a custom-house. I think
the Senator is mistaken in the case to which he
refers. A large numher of the mercantile houses
in New Orleans are branches, having still larger
houses in New York. They import through New
York on account of their dependency on New
York. We even sell our cotton in New Orleans
for bills of exchange which are drawn on New
York. New York is now the great center of the
commerce of the United States, and, probably,
will evqr so remain. I object, however, by legis-
lation, to giving it more than its capital and its
natural advantages confer upon it.
Mr. BELL. I object to that, too.
Mr. DAVIS. The whole importation to which
the Senator refers is not because the custom-house
officers in New York are less honest, less capable
than those of New Orleans. It results from the
fact that they make their money arrangements in
New York more conveniently than elsewhere, and
from the other fact to which I refer, that a large
number of the merchants of New Orleans are
connected with still larger mercantile houses in
the city of New York. That is the reason of the
fact which the Senator no doubt found.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not know whether the Sen-
ator understood me that the case there was that
it was on account of the lower duties assessed in
New York.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunteu] to the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.]
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; but
before the result was announced—
Mr. WILSON. I vote " nay" on this ques-
tion to satisfy others, not myself.
Mr. FITCH. I was not in when this amend-
ment was moved, but I previously notified the
Presiding Officer that 1 had paired off with the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] on all
questions relating to river and harbor improve-
ment bills—a general pair on these bills. If that
involves this question likewise, I shall not vote.
If it does'not, and is so decided, I am willing, as
I understand my vote will affect the question ma-
terially, to do what other Senators say isproper.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Louisianaconsulted me about pairing off, he being
a friend of the bills, and told me he had paired off
with the honorable Senator from Indiana. The
friends of the bills understand that this is a vote
which is covered by the pair.
Mr. FITCH. If there is any doubt whatever
about it, I shall decline voting.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 2G;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Brown, Clay, Clingman,
Daviji, J''u/.[ialrick, CJwm, ij.iuiinuiid, Ilayno, Houston,
Hunter, [v^rson, Johnson ot' Tennessee, Malioiy, Ma->on,
Pearce, Polk, lU'id, IIico, Slidel], Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Wriglit—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Boll, Bigler, Brodcrick, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, llale, Harlan, Jones, Kennedy, King, Pugh,
Srba-Nijan, Reward, Shields., Simmons, Stuait, Tiuiabull,
Wade, and Wilson—OG.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move an amendment to the
amendment:
Thai all articles now on the free list be classed among
the unenumerated articles, and be charged with a duly ot
twenty per cent, ad valorem, on all importations made after
tiie 1st day ot July, 1858.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the President whether he
considers thatamendment in order? It proposes
to raise revenue, to originate a bill in this Iiouse
to increase the tariff.
Mr. DAVIS. Itis a question which the Senate
had before it yesterday.
Mr. PUGH. It is not the same by a great
ways.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know on which side the
Senator from Ohio was, on the point of order
raised by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. PUGH. The answer then made by sev-
eral Senators was, that they did not propose to
raise the duties at all, but simply to affect the
measure of valuation. I did not care anything
about the constitutional question then, because I
was against the home valuation anyhow; but here
is a provision to raise duties, the origination of
which by the Senate is unconstitutional.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a modification of the scale
of duty. It certainly will increase the revenue.
Until I was compelled to surrender to the better
judgment of the Senate, I thought the origination
of any bill which proposed to increase the reve-
nue of the country by duties on imports was as-
suming a power not delegated to the Senate; but
a large majority seemed to be against that con-
struction the other day, and I am but bowing, as
I always do-, to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question of order, if any Senator de-
sires it, to the sense of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I would rather take this vote
on the point of order. We took it on the princi-
pal question yesterday—not on the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts desires the question of order sub-
mitted to the Senate. The Chair will submit it:
Is this amendment in order? Senators who think
the amendment is iff order will say " ay."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to know if the
question should not properly be put, " Is this
amendment constitutional?" That is the ques-
tion. It is alleged to be out of order, because it is
unconstitutional. I want to know if that is the
specific question—whether it is constitutional?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state 
Mr. SLIDELL. I would suggest to the Vice
President that I understood, if the point of order
had not been waived yesterday, it was the intention
of the Chair to have propounded the question to
the Senate, " Will the Senate receive the amend-
ment?" That was my impression, and I under-
stood that was the usual form, when the Chair
doubted whether a proposition was in order or
not, in which the Chair presented it to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair indi-
cated the other day that he would decline to de-
cide any question of order of this character; yet,
in the broad sense, it is a question of order—the
precepts of the Constitution, the rules of the body,
and, where they are silent, the law of Parliament,
constituting the standard of our proceedings. If
the point of order is raised, the Chair will submit
the question to the Senate, " Is this amendment
in order?" and, in his opinion, that is the appro-
priate mode of submitting the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know very little about
the rules of order. Suppose I have just come into
the Senate, knowing nothing about the rules of
the body, never having read them, but I have
studied the Constitution: when the question is pro-
pounded to me," Isan amendment in order?" how
should I decide it ? You may have some rule, for
aught I know, that regulates this matter as a ques-
tion of order; but, is it the Constitution that 1 am
comparing it with when I vote upon it as a ques-
tion oforder? Then, when I vote on the question
as you are propounding it—"Is the amendment in
order?"—am i to consider that there is any other
rule than the Constitution by which I am to reg-
ulate my judgment? 1 do not know anything
about the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair knows
of no other rule affecting this question than the
Constitution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then, I understand I
am to vote whether this amendment is constitu-
tional.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a single word,
if the question is to be taken on this matter as a
question of order, only as indicative of the reason
of my vote. I did not at all agree the other day
with Senators who thought the propriety of an
amendment of this character was one to be decided
as a question of order, if we look upon it as the
Senator from Kentucky does, as a question under
the Constitution. The Constitution declares that
bills for raising revenue shall not originate in the
Senate. 1 may think this is a bill to raise reve-
nue; others may think it is not a bill to raise rev-
enue; and our votes will be governed accordingly
on it when the question is put on the amendment.
I cannot perceive that the Constitution, in giving to
the Senate the right to prescribe its own rules, in-
tended to do more than to vest the Senate, and the
Presiding Officer of the Senate as the organ to ex-
pound the rules, with the power to prescribe what
they might consider best for the dispatch of busi-
ness. I do not consider that the Constitution can
affect the order of the Senate technically, so speak-
