2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
" NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Pagh, Sli-
deli, and Toombs—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have an amendment to offer
on my own account to carry out an existing law.
It is to add at the end of the first section:
For defraying the expense of carrying into execution the
joint resolution, approved May 11,1858, " authorizing suit-
able acknowledgments to be made by the President to the
British naval authorities at Jamaica for the relief extended
to the officers and crew of the United States ship Susque-
hanna, disabled by yellow fever," $3,U00, or so much there-
of as may be necessary.
That is under estimates made by the Depart-
ments of State and of the Navy to carry out the
joint resolution of May 11.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment by instruction of the Committee on Foieign
Relations;
And in the settlement of the accounts of the Minister
Plenipotentiary from the United States to Fiance, tlioie
shall be allowed and paid to-him, fiom the 1st day of July,
1835, to the 1st day of January, 1857, such sum as will make
his sdkuy foi the peiiod mentioned equal to that allowed to
the Minister of the United States at London,
Mr. PUGH. That, is for back pay. It is a
private claim,# and 1.object to it.
Mr. MASON. I will state the character of the
amendment. By the law of lfc?55, the salary of
the Minister at France was fixed at #15,(JUU, and
all expenses for his clerk hire and office rent wore
taken away. By the same law, the salary of the
Minister at London was put at $17,500, and all
like expenses were taken from him. By the law
of 1856, the salary of the Minister to France was
placed on the same footing with the. salary of the
Minister to London; but in the intermediate time
that mission had been deprived of the appropria-
tion for office rent and clerk hire. It is admitted
on all hands, 1 believe, that although there was a
time when London was the most expensive court,
France is now; and the purpose of Congress, in
the following year, to equalize the salaries, would,
in the impression of the committee, be carried out
by equalizing them from the time the law passed.
As to the objection that it is a private claim, the
distinction, as it seems to me, is this: the law
fixes the salary of these Ministers, and the effect
of the amendment would only be to make the sal-
ary of the Minister at Franco date back, instead
of commencing from lb'56. it only makes it re-
trospective.
Mr. PUGII. It i.s obviously not to carry out
any law. It is to give back pay previously to the
compensation bill. Jt seems to mo strictly for-
bidden by our rule. It may be a meritorious ease,
but I should prefer to h/vir it on prir/ifo-bii] tl.iy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the pomt
be insisted upon by the Senator from Ohio, the
Chair will feel obliged to rule that tin* amendment
is excluded, under the rule excluding private
claims.
Mr. MASON. I mustask respectfully that the
Chair will either allow me to appeal, or submit
the question to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Dock the Sen-
ator take t*n appeal?
Mr. MASON. I will, if it is necessary.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is this reported by a com-
mittee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; by
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON. It is only to aifect a salary
undi'r an existing law, in my judgment.
Air. GREEN. If theie is an existing hi \v, you
do not need uny such piousion. If tlu-ic is no
existing law, this is a proposition to mak^anew
one, and therefore nut allowable on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule pro-
vides thaf—
<l No amendment r-hall he im ivcd u iio-c object i- topio-
vi«!e for a pnvan- utiles if l><-to cap) out the pro-
Vi.-ioas of an e.u-tin^ law oi <i tie<uy ^npu!«iiion.%'
The Chair has decided that under this clause
of the rule the amendment cannot be received.
From this decision the Senator from Viigima ap-
peals. The question is, "Shall the opinion of
th«* Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to oiler another
amendment;
And that all diplomatic and salaried consuls* offrcets who
were appointed under the net entitled ''An act m remodel
the diplomatic Uiid consular f->5-tein= ol thr; United States,"
approved March 1,1855, shall have the same compensation
during the time necessarily occupied in making the transit
to, and returning from, their respective posts, and while they
were receiving their instructions, as is piovided for diplo-
matic and salaried consular officers in the eighteenth sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular system of the United States," approved Au-
gust 18,1856 : Provided, That the foregoing shall not be con-
strued to apply to any diplomatic or consular officer who
was in office and at his post of duty when said act, approved
March 1, 1855, took effect, except to allow compensation to
such officers during the time necessarily occupied in return-
ing from their respective posts.
In 1855, by the law affecting diplomatic and
consular officers at that date, it was provided that
their compensation should not commence until
they arrived at their posts and entered upon the
discharge of their &£ty. It gave salaries to cer-
tain consuls, and aff&cted the salaries of foreign
ministers, but providecttfiaLthey should not com-
mence until they arriveo^ their place of duty,
and entered upon the discharge of their duty. In
1856, that was thought to be oppressive, and the
law was so far modified as to allow their compen-
sation to commence from the period they left the
country on their way to their place of duty, and
some period not exceeding thirty days additional
while they should be receiving instructions; and
the law of 1856, as construed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, was intended to apply to
those who were appointed after that law of 1855
took effect; but it has not been so construed at the
Treasury. The effect of this amendment only is
to authorize those consular officers who are sala-
ried and diplomatic officers, who have been ap-
pointed since the act of 1855, to have fho benefit
of the act of 1856, in allowing; their compensation
to commence while they weie in trenxsitu between
the two countries, or while they were receiving
instructions; that is the whole of it.
Mr. KING. It seems'to me that this propo-
sition is objectionable to the same'point of order
that was made on the other. It is a question of
allowance to representatives abroad not author-
ized bylaw, and is thus in the nature of a claim,
although it embraces a considerably number of
persons.
Mr. MASON. Its effect is simply to place a
construction upon the act of IS56. The act of
185G, as we construe it, gave the allowance winch
this amendment is intended to give; but it was
decided at the Treasury not to give it.
The PRESIDING OFFICE^. The Senator
from New York makes a question of order on this
amendment, that'it provides for a private claim.
Mr. IVERSON. It does not seem to me to be
a puvate claim. It is an enactment affecting the
fMhuK-s of officers. It is not a private claim, be-
muse itacts iiifnturo. It may possibly affect the
interests of these officers to some extent while
they were receiving instructions and <,roin°; out;
but under the law as it now exists, some of them
can get no pay on their return voyage. Certainly
it is competent, m an appropriation bill, to enact
a law giving that pay. it is not, therefore, a pri-
vate claim."
Mr. KING. I understand that this provision
relates only to past services, and not to future
services.
Mr. IVERSON. It is simply construing the
law. At the last Congress a precisely similar
provision was reported by the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and put into an appropriation bill
by the Senate, and it was agreed to by the other
ilouse; but the Attorney General, in construing
the provision, said it did not meet the case which
the committee, and the Senate and the House of
Representatives, on full consideration, intended
that it should meet. I drew it up myself, and pre-
sented it to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
but the Attorney General construed the language
as not sufficient to embrace the case, and there-
fore the parties were excluded; and this amend*
mcnt is intended to obviate the decision of the
Attorney General by unmistakable language.
^The PRESIDING OFFICER. So far as the
Chair can ascertain the object of the amendment
from its terms, or from the statement of the Sen-
ator who presents it, he thinks it is not excluded
by the rule. It is not stuctly in the nature of a
private claim.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, if t he present salaries are not suffieientto
secure applicants for the offices? It is a very sin-
gular thing that it is proposed to raise in this way
the salaries of our foreign ministers and consuls,
when it is well known that they receive an outfit
which is intended to cover this very claim. [" Not
now."]
Mr. I1ING. But they have an increased com-
pensation in lieu of it.
^ Mr. IVERSON. This does not raise the sala-
ries one dollar.
Mr. CHANDLER. But it provides for com-
mencing them before they reach their destination.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the law now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then what is the object
of this amendment?
Mr. IVERSON. Some were cut out by a pre-
existing law; and this is to put them on the same
footing with all others. It does not increase sal-
aries.
Mr. PUGH. I was not in when the question
•of order was raised; but I think this 3s a private
claim, and I shall vote against it on that ground,
notwithstanding the decision of the Chair. It
provides for five or six persons; and if they were
named by name the amendment couM not be re-
ceived; but by merely calling them persons who
were in office on such a day, the rule is avoided.
If these gentlemen are entitled to this back pay,
let then* claims come up in separate private bills,
and let us hear them discussed; but I do not be-
lieve m this thing of four or five persons who have
private claims being picked out by the commit-
tees of this House, and have their claims put on
these bills, while all the other claimants are com-
pelled to travel over the regular routine. I hope
the Senate will resist every attempt to load tins
bill with a private claim for anybody; and I de-
mand the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler, Bioderiek, Collanser,
Fessenden, Fool, Hammond, Iveiron, Jones, Kennedy,
Malloiv, Ma^on, Polk, Sewaid, Thomson of New Jeisoy,
and Wright—17.
IVAYa— Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Biown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Clay, Chngnian, Cuttendeii, D.lvh,
Dixon, JMukee, Foster, Green, {Idle, liailan, UoiMon,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, King, I'eaice, rngh,Reul,
Rice, ;Siinmons, ^lidell, ritiuu, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, TiumbulJ, Wade, VVi!;-on,and Yulae—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I have another amendment;
Jind be it further cnactcd, That the Fiesident be, and he
is hereby uutbouzed, to extend the piovi^ions ot the joint
resolution, approved Maich 3,1853, entitled •' A resolution
for the rehet of the Spanish consul, and other subjects of
Spam lesiding at Key West and New Oilcans,*' by indem-
nity for losses occasioned in the yeai 1^51, to the ca e of
one Michael Pappiemza, an Austrian subject, who, it is al-
leged, sustained losses at the same tunc, m consequence of
his being supposed to be a Spamaid: Prouded, That the
amount allowed as indemnity to said Pappreniza shall not
exceed the sum of -"i-iOO.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim?
Mr. MASON. In 1853, Congress passed a
joint resolution appropriating a sum oi money to
indemnify the Spanish consul and Spanish sub-
jects who had been despoiled by a mob at New
Orleans, sometimes called a popular meeting, but
it turned out that one unhappy subject was not a
Spaniard, but an x\ustruui, who was supposed to
be a Spaniard, as it appeared. He was one of the
subjects thus despoiled, but being an Austrian,
and not a Spaniard, the provisions of that reso-
lution could not extend to him. Now, the object
of the amendment is only to authorize the Presi-
dent to treat him as though he were a Spanish
subject, and to allow him to be indemnified out
of the money appropriated. It is not'to exceed
Mr. HUNTER. It may be all right, but I tlunk
we ought not to dispense with the rules of the
Senate. It seems to me to befa private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels bound to say that it as a private claim, ex-
cluded by the rules.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office. if
Sec. —. Jhidhe it further enacted, That so much of the
laws now m torceas iix the rates oi the Patent Oihce tees aie
hereby repealed, and in then stead the lollowmg rates ate es-
tablished' On tihnyeach caveat, ten dollars ; on hlw« each
ouginai application for a patent, except lor a uesj«/n, twenty
duilcir-5; and on the issuing of the patent, ten dollaus m ad-
dition ; on every appeal from the exammcis-m cine! to the
Commissioner, twenty doilais; on every application lor a
patent for a design, niteen doilais; on oveiy .ipplitauon for
die leissue of a patent, tnnty doilui<=; on eveny application
for the extension of a patent, liltv doilais ; on filing cadi
dhclaimei, ten doilais; foi ail cemfied copies, fiiietn cents
