4-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
United States. Major Emory was appointed the
commissioner on the part of the United States.
The first volume, a part of his report, was sub-
milted at the first session of the last Congress, |
and the House ordered that it should be printed
with the accompanying illustrations. This vol-
ume, when printed, was sent to the gentleman
from Virginia, and all who were members of the
last Congress; and these gentlemen were informed
that the maps and illustrations designed to accom-
pany it, had not then been printed. The second
volume is in process of execution. I am informed
that some of the plates to accompany this work,
are in process of execution at Paris, in pursuance
of contracts heretofore made by the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing. As I remarked once be-
fore, a portion of these plates have arrived in this
country and been printed, and that another portion
was at the custom-house, New York.
I am as desirous as any member, Mr. Chair-
man, to check extravagant expenditures for pub-
lic printing; but if gentlemen will look at the tables,
they will see that a small portion only of the total
amount goes cither to the Printer for the House
or for the Senate. I will call attention again to the
report of the Superintendent. The cost of print-
ing, folding, gathering, and inserting maps and
plates of twenty-three thousand nine hundred
and twenty copies of the report of explorations
and surveys for a railroad from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean, volume second, was
$10,921 54, and the cost for dry-pressing, was
|l,900, about thirteen thousand dollars in all;
whereas the cost of paper was $16,300, and the
cost of illustrations ^21,786 for that volume.
But the cost of the paper upon which these , j
works were printed was $16,300 for that one vol- "
urne, the paper itself costing more than the me- i
chanical work bestowed on it. What next have j
you? The cost of the illustrations for that vol- j
ume amounted to the sum of $21,786 77. By .
whom are those illustrations prepared and printed? ;
Not by your Public Printer, but they are prepared
by engravers throughout the United States, who
have been employed by the Superintendent of the
Public Printing in pursuance of the order of the
two Houses of Congress. The cost of binding
this work actually exceeds the cost of printing it.
The cost of binding the extra copies of that one ;
volume was $17,116 08, and the total cost of that j
one volume, as reported by the Superintendent of 1
Public Printing at $70,829, and of that sum the |
Public Printer only receives about #13,000.
I will briefly refer to the cost of the third vol-
ume of the Pacific railroad surveys. There was
paid to the Printer, or will be when he shall have
been paid for the work, about $12,000. The pa-
per for the printing of the woik has cost $15,712;
the illustrations for the work have cost upwards
of $40,000; and the binding of the extra copies '
only has cost upwards of $17,000. The reason
why I make these remarks in reference to the
amounts paid to the Public Primer is, that from '
the clamor which has been raised in the public
press in regard to the profits of the public print-
ing, one might be led to suppose that millions of
dollars were annually paid to the Public Printer,
whereas when you come to examine the items of
the expenditures which go to make up the cost
of these works to the Treasury, you find that the
Printer generally receives but about from one 1
sixth to one twelfth of the cost of the works so
profusely illustrated.
But I desire to invite the attention of the com-
mittee to a singular resolution which was passed
by this House during the last Congress, concern-
ing the publication of the report on Commercial
Relations. The President transmitted a message
communicating the report, in compliancc with
an act of Congress; and thereupon the following
resolution was adopted:
((Resolved, That the answer of the President nf the Tinted
States to the resolution of the Hoi^e of Representatives
of December 14,18f>3, upon the commeicia! rotations oj tlte
United States with all foreign nations, be piintcd by the
Printer of this House, in quarto foini, under the direction
of the Secretary of State, who is hereby authonzed to cause
all corrections therein which, in tiie course of pi mttng, may
he found requisite to be made, and also to cau-e to be added
all additions thereto of commercial information winch, >ub-
sequently to the transmission of said an -vv or to the Jhm e,
may ranch the Department of State, winch >hall by iu;n bu
deemod of sufficient importance."
That resolution was adopted by the consent of
the gentleman from Virginia and myself; because !j
the Journal does not show that either he or I voted '
against it. And when my vote is not recorded in
the negative, whether I voted for a proposition or
not, I stand here to bear my share of the respons-
ibility.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE obtained the
floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I presume the gentleman
from New York desires to make a speech upon
some political question ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will he allow me, before
he proceeds, to introduce an amendment to the
bill?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us get in our
amendments.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I must decline
to yield for any purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I propose,
Mr. Chairman, for the brief period to which I am
limited by the rules, to speak mainly to that part
of the annual message of the President which re-
lates to the Territory of Kansas.
The statements and positions therein assumed
are so extraordinary, and, in my judgment, un-
warranted in theircharacter, and the policy therein
distinctly indicated, if not recommended, must
prove so disastrous in its consequcnces, it forced
into practical effect, that no apology can be re-
quired, as it seems to me, for calling to them, here
and now, the attention of the House and of the
coun try.
Before proceeding to the discussion proposed,
I desire, sir, to state one or two facts which re-
cent events in the Territory have placed beyond
debate. The whole number of votes returned and
counted as bavins; been cast at the constitutional
election held under the provisional government
of John Calhoun, on the 21st of December, was
6,712—as follows: for the "constitution with sla-
very," 6,143; for the "constitution with no sla-
very," 569; leaving the majority for the constitu-
tion, in the form it prevailed at that election, 5,574.
Of these, more than one half were false and fraud-
ulent. At the election ordered by the Territorial
Legislature, and held on the 4th of January, the
majority against the constitution was 10,226.
\Ve have then, sir, the great fact that the peo-
ple of Kansas have voted down the Lecompton
constitution by an overwhelming majority. By a
vote of at least four to one have the citizens of
the Territory, m legal and solemn form, recorded
their judgment, against it. This is the only ad-
ditional fact that has tianspired since the organ-
ization of the present Congress, entitled to any
considerable consideration in the proper solution
of the question presented to us. On arriving at
this point the whole issue is made up.
The result of the election for the Legislature
and State officers, under this rejected constitution,
whatever that result may be declared to be, in no
manner atfects the real question in controversy
here.
So far us that people are concerned, it may in-
fluence the possible consequences, but cannot
relieve the responsibilities of our action. It may
aid or it may hopelessly embarrass the victim in
recovenngfrom the wound; but can neither justify
or mitigate the infliction of the blow.
A s to the policy of participating in that election,
the people were not agreed. The alternatives pre-
sented were well calculated, balance them as best
they might, to lead to divided councils. If they
went to the polls they went to be doomed; if they
staid away they were to be doomed. If they voted,
they were to be charged as having acquiesced;
if they refused, they were to be condemned as
factious, and so deserved their threatened fate.
Notwithstanding the difficulties by which their
position was surrounded, a portion of the people
resolved, as a measure of defense, to go to the
polls; and they did so, with a ballot m one hand
and a solemn protest in the other.
The strait in which they were shut up by the
tender mercies of the usurpers, laid between Scylla
and Charybdis, and they determined to venture
upon the hazard of the passage. That the free-
State candidates were elected, there is no manner
of doubt. That they will be counted out, is, in
my judgment, no less certain. To make up by
fraud what was wanting in numbers, was the pre-
cise reason for the Calhoun dictatorship.
But the great fact remains, that the constitution
j has been voted down. That it is loathed and ab-
horred by three fourths of the citizens of Kansas,
; is known to the whole country; and the issue
here and for us is, whether we are prepared to
force a government upon a people, not only with-
i out their assent, but against their express*will.
I The question extends higher and deeper than
' any and all mere questions of partisan politics,
. any and all ordinary measures of public policy,
/and reaches the fundamental structure and essen-
j tial principle of free government itself. It involves
the original and basal idea which underlies and
: characterizes our American institutions, and upon
j which the Republic was started on its adventure
i of free empire.
We may sacrifice much to peace, to union,and
to conflicting opiaion; but we may not either sac-
rifice or impair those elementary principles by
which, as a people, we are known and distin-
guished among mankind. We cannot do this
without infidelity to the cause of freedom and the
race; without blotting from the country the great
element of its identity; preserving, it may be, the
form, but changing the nature of the government.
To force Kansas into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution, os proposed by the Admin-
istration, would be to do this very thing.
Mr. Chairman what is this great American idea,
this vital political truth, the proposed and practi-
cal denial of which tends to the subversion of the
Government? It is, sir,thatGovernment, whether
State or Federal, local or general, " derives all its
just powers from the consent of the governed;"
that all political sovereignty resides m the people;
that the will of the majority is the ultimate and
supreme power in the State; that the rights of
! man are inherent and inalienable, underived from
' society or any of its organic forms; the free be-
j quest of God, and not the gift of Government; and
| are, therefore, exempt from invasion by any hu-
1 man power or authority whatsoever. 1*0 secure,
> not to impair, these rights, Governments are insti-
| tuted among men. -
I The doctrine, to which I have referred consti-
| tuted the platform upon which the struggle of the
j Revolution was organized, and which the colo-
. nial army was commissioned to vindicate and es-
1 tablish. This Republic was inaugurated and rests
upon it. It is the simple right of self-government—
the inherent claim of men to construct the govern-
ment to which they are cxpectcd to yield obedi-
ence.
To impose the Lecompton constitution upon
the people of Kansas would be a plain, flagrant,
' and violent breach of this principle; so plain that
j, no sophistry can obscure it; so flagrant that no
| considerations of public policy can palliate it.
I Is it not your faith and the faith of the country,
■ settled and unalterable, that the foundations of all
1 rightful empire can be laid alone in the popular
: will? Govcrnmentis not the creator, but the crea-
! ture of power, of which the people are the ori-
j ginal and only legitimate source. Political insti-
; tutions are modes of procedure, not objects of
pursuit—means which the people originate and
1 employ to achieve the ends of social organization,
1 namely, freedom and security. And, as the fun-
damental structure of the State derives its exist-
; once and the tenure of its duration from the free
1 action and consent of the people, it follows, as the
I President justly observes, that no human power
1 can rightfully prevent them from changing it at
, pleasure; but the people have the right to alter
, their constitution, because they have a right to
■ make it. The right to abolish is derived from and
i depends upon their earlier and prior right to or-
dain and establish. If they have no antecedent
right to make, they have no subsequent right to
change.
' If you can impose a constitution upon the peo-
, pie of Kansas without their authority and against
, their consent, for a day or a year, you may for all
time. The question is one of power, not of dura-
1 tion; of principle, not of policy. You can do this
only, sir, by subverting the principles of the Gov-
: ernment and denying the traditional faith of the
country.
What is a constitution in the American sense
of suuh an instrument—what is an American con-
stitution ? It is not only the fundamental rule of
1 the State, originated and adopted by the people
I as their mode of administering the Government,
■ but also a limitation upon the soyereign power of
