1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Thompson.
Senate.
ing, at all; therefore, whatever my vote might be
on the amendment, for it or against it, I shall be
constrained to vote that it is in order, although I
may be opposed to the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the decision
of the Chair is one to which there can be no an-
swer made. The Senate is the creature of the
Constitution, and there are as many rules of order
for this body, in the Constitution, as in our rules—
just as many; and they are as completely bind-
ing—yea, and more so. We can change our rules,
but we cannot change the Constitution. The Con-
stitution says that each Senator shall have one
vote. Suppose I attempt to vote twice on a ques-
tion: where is the rule of the Senate to prevent
me? There is no rule of the Senate; there is a
rule of the Constitution. Itisoutof order clearly.
The Constitution says that every bill shall be read
three times in three days. Suppose I attempt to
put a bill on its passage after its first reading: that
is out of order, because the Constitution says it
shall be read three times. I could name several
cases in a few moments. The Constitution has
prescribed certain rules of order for us, and we
must obey them. We have prescribed others for
ourselves; and those, too, we must obey until we
change them. Now, the Constitution says that
every bill for raising revenue shall originate with
the House of Representatives. A bill which raises
revenue cannot originate here; it is out of order.
We cannot entertain it; it ought to be thrown out
on its first reading; and the mere fact that the rule
of order is in the Constitution gives it no less force,
certainly, than if it were within our own rules;
and therefore I say that, in my judgment, the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi is out of order. It violates not a ques-
tion of constitutional law, but a plain rule of
order written in the Constitution; and therefore I
insist that the question shall be taken so that we
may know in the future what is in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Chair has
put the question in the only way it can possibly
be raised. The idea that an amendment is out
of order because it is unconstitutional, cannot be
maintained for a moment. That is no test of or-
der, for according to my judgment I could have
objected on the same ground that the bill was out
of order. It never would get in order with me,
for I have no more doubt of the unconstitution-
ality of the bill, than I have of my own existence.
Could I, therefore, get up and say, you shall not
introduce unconstitutional bills, you shall not in-
troduce unconstitutional amendments? It is ail
a mistake. The only question is: is this amend-
ment within the rules of your body? It is an
amendment in the second degree, and therefore
in order; hence I shall vote that it is in order; there
can be no question about that point on any rule
of ours. I have no doubt, however, that it is un-
constitutional; and yet I shall vote for it. I have
a perfect right to vote for an unconstitutional
amendment to an unconstitutional bill. I will put
any rider on it that will kill it. Though it is un- j
constitutional, I shall vote that it is in order, and
I will put it on the bill if I can. The business j
of the Senate would be embarrassed at every stage,
if a question could be raised as to the unconstitu- ]
tionality of an amendment. I might raise the
same objection to every bill for internal improve-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the Senator from
Georgia to unite with the Senator from Virginia
on the point of order in regard to the amendment
submitted by the Senator from Rhode Island to
the loan bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I said it was uncon-
stitutional, but not out of order. I could not vote
for any bill with it in, on the constitutional point.
This, however, is an amendment within the rules ;
of the Senate; it is an amendment to an amend- j
ment. Whether that amendment is constitutional .
or unconstitutional is not a question of order, and j
never can be. The Constitution is the rule for !
my voting for measures; but it is perfectly com- |
petent and parliamentary for me to make an un- I
constitutional measure as good as I can, even by I
an unconstitutional amendment. I may be wrong
in this, but I think I am correct, according to all j
parliamentary law. I intend to vote against the ;
whole bill; but I will put the amendment on it )
because it will be better in that form. I
I look on it as most extraordinary that, in the
present state of the Treasury, when gentlemen
know we have not the money for these improve-
ments, they should press appropriations for them;
and I am still more amazed at gentlemen who
claim to be connected with the dominant party
that they should, in the face of the Senate and
of the country and of their constituents, vote to
spend five hundred thousand or a million dollars
for these objects, without giving the administra-
tiveGovemmentadollartopayitwith. It is very
extraordinary, whatever may be their opinions on
internal improvements. lean understand thatan
Opposition who desire to embarrass an Adminis-
tration, to throw trouble in their way, would raise
all the objections they could, hut I am surprised
that others should join them in this. Certainly,
if these appropriations are to be made, the means
of making them should be famished.
Isay the Chair has put the question right: " Is
the amendment in order?" In my judgment, it
is within the rules of your body, and that is all
that is involved in the question of order—not
whether it is constitutional. I shall therefore vote,
without hesitation, that it is in order, and then
vote it in the bill if I can, and then vote against
the whole bill if it be put in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it, Mr. President,
that questions of order are to be summarily de-
cided; and I must confess that I am very much
surprised that questions as to the constitutionali-
ty of measures are to be treated here as questions
of order, and submitted as such to the decision of
the Senate. I shall vote with the Senator from
Georgia. I have no sort of doubt that this amend-
ment is unconstitutional—thatis, that we have no
right to pass a bill of the character indicated by
this amendment; but it seems to me it is not to
be raised as a question of order. I shall vote
against the amendment without considering its
merits when we come to vote upon it; and* the
conclusive reason why I shall vote against it is
that we have no right to originate sucn a propo-
sion; but still I am not for deciding whether a
bill can be introduced into this body upon con-
stitutional grounds as a question of order. I will
determine that when I come to vote upon the
measure. As has been very truly remarked, there
is hardly a great question that comes up here
about which somebody does not raise a constitu-
tional point; and are we to go off into a discus-
sion of order, and have it submitted to the Senate
to be determined by a solemn vote whether a bill
is constitutional or not, as a question of order. I
do not tlnnk such a question should be submitted
to the Senate in that form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 6th rule of the
Senate provides that the President may call for
the sense of the Senate on any question of order.
The question is raised whether this amendment
to the amendment is in order or not. The Chair
believes it to belong to that class of questions
which it does not become him to decide upon as
being in or out of order. For whatever reason
Senators may vote, undoubtedly it may be broadly
stated that the amendment is or is not in order.
That may be predicated of every amendment.
The question being raised, the Chair presents it
to the Senate: "Is this amendment in order?"
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me, Mr. President,
that this question can be disposed of in very few
words. The Constitution undoubtedly is ofhigher
obligation than any rules of order which this body
can make. No doubt we may introduce a bill here
which, in the judgment of a portion of the mem-
bers,is in contravention of the Constitution ,and m
the judgment of another portion is not. It is not,
in my judgment, in that state of things, a proper
test to apply to the bill when it is introduced, to
make a question of order on the ground that the
party making the point of order believes the bill is
unconstitutional, andean show it ever so much
to be unconstitutional. That is not a question of
order; because members may differ about that,
and each member will vote upon the bill accord-
ing to his judgment of it, as a constitutional or
an unconstitutional measure, when he comes to
vote on it. But where the Constitution itself de-
termines which of the two branches of Congress
may originate a bill, it presents a different ques-
tion altogether—one as wide as the poles from the
question of the mere unconstitutionality of a bill.
The Constitution says—I do not quote its words,
but the idea is in the minds of all of us—that this
body shall not originate bills to raise revenue.
Now, a member rises here and proposes a bill to '
raise revenue, ft .is not enough to say that the
bill is unconstitutional. That may be said, un-
doubtedly; but over and above that, it is to be
said the Constitution declares that this body shall
not originate such a bill. Then it is a question of
order.
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the Senator
that the bill is not unconstitutional; it only begins
unconstitutionally.
Mr. POSTER. I agree that my friend from
Ohio is right, because, if we pass such a bill, and
the House of Representatives pass it and it be-
comes a law, it is as good a law as was ever
made. We cannot go back of the bill as passed,
and show in the Supreme Court that it originated
in the wrong body. We must make the objec-
tion in limine, or we cannot make it at all. The
House of Representatives, when the bill is sent
to them, may throw it under their table, because
they say the Senate has no business to originate
it; but if they pass it, it is as good a law as Con-
gress ever made, so far as the origin of the bill is
concerned. Suppose the Constitution had said
the Senate should originate no bill, had created
the Senate and House of Representatives as it
now has, but had given the House of Represent-
atives the sole power to originate all bills: when
we, under these circumstances, wore in ses-
sion, a member rose in his place and offered a bill
on a proper subject of legislation, would it not at
once be objectionable upon the ground that, in
this body, we could not originate bills? Would
not every member say amen to thSit? Clearly I
think every member would. Well, so far as this
proposition is concerned, the Constitution has
said that very thing; it lias said the Senate shall
not originate such a bill as this amendment is.
In that state of things, I say it is dearly a ques-
tion of order, bccause we are forbidden to enter-
tain or consider the proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me ?
I wish to ask whether this question which is sub-
mitted is amendable; whether the question which
has been submitted by the Chair to the Senate
can bo, amended ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear any amendment the Senator may offer, and
then decide.
Mr. SEWARD. Because I suppose what is
covered by it is, whether the proposed amend-
ment is constitutional; and if it is, I should like
to move to amend the question so that the point
to be submitted shall be, whether this amendment
is consistent with the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
not consider that in order.
Mr. FOSTER. It seems to me that the ques-
tion cannot be more fairly and directly presented
than in the mode it is proposed to be presented to
the Chair. With the suggestions I have made,
asking to some extent pardon of the Senate for
intruding when the question was about to be put,
I trust we shall have a vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. It is very
seldom that I have anything to say about points
of order; they are matters in which I take very
little interest, though I was presiding officer of a
legislative body once, and had very little trouble
in getting along. The Senator from Mississippi
submits his amendment. It is objected that it is
out of order, and 1 understand the Chair proposes
to leave it to the sense of the Senate to say whether
it is in order or out of order. We have rules,
governing the proceedings of the Senate, and under
those rules any proposition is to be received that
is pertinent, that is not scandalous, that is not
objectionable to anything in the rules. It is said
this amendment is unconstitutional. That takes
the whole question for granted. You might just,
as well say this is unreasonable. You do not
know what may be decided about the Constitu-
tion. You are not to take it, as has been suggested,
in limine; but you are to take it when you come
to the death—voting upon it. It is not submit-
ted—constitutional or unconstitutional? Why
sir, suppose I make a motion, and a Senator gets
up anil says my motion is out of order. I ask
him why ? " Oh," says he, " your motion is an
