4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
equity. " The practice of the older States which
have abolished slavery" has nothing to do with
the case under consideration, either by analogy
or otherwise- The justice of this claim is to be
determined by the Kansas-Ncbi'askaact. As this !
act was put forth as inaugurating a new policy in
respect to the Territories, we have a claim to know,
though not responsible for the measure, what are
the rights, if any, of the people under it? Is it
conceded that the people of a Territory, when
they come to form a State government, may ex-
clude and abolish slavery? Then, sir, every per-
son who carries his slaves into the Territories,
carries them with notice of this unquestioned right
of the people, and subject to the exercise of that
right. He goes knowing and acknowledging that
the people may say, whenever they proceed to
form a constitution, that property in human be-
ings shall no longer exist in the Territory, and
he goes at his peril. If the people say, "wc give
you time to remove and dispose of your slaves
elsewhere," very well; if not, he has no cause of
complaint whatsoever.
I concede that with those who believe, as the
Lecompton constitution declares, that the right of
property in man is above all constitutional sanc-
tions, and therefore exempt at all times, and in
any manner, from the reach of the popular will,
thisargument can have no force. If the doctrines
of the message are to prevail, the question will be,
not whether there shall be any more slave States
admitted into the Union, but whether there shall
be any more free Slates admitted into the Union.
We are told that no matter how great the num-
ber of slaves in the Territory, " the provision
would be equally just and reasonable." What
" provision," Mr. Chairman? The provision in
the Lecompton " constitution with no slavery,"
whereby the right of property in slaves already
in the Territory, and in all children of them born,
is guarantied forever. If this is to become the
policy of the Government, in respect to Territo-
ries—if this is the practical workingof theKatisas-
Nebraska bill—then, sir, is the age of free consti-
tutions past, and the triumph of the slave power
upon this continent is already universal and com-
plete. Such heresy is entitled to no respect here
or elsewhere. The Administration in laboring to
defend this great wrong, proves nsclf an accom-
plice in its commission. In assuming the cham-
pionship of this scheme to legalize and prolong
the reign of terror and tyranny in Kansas, it could
not, but for its official patronage and power, sur-
vive for an hour the meritedjudgment of popular
condemnation,
I have said that the modes of submission were
artfully contrived for the very purpose, and that
purpose avowed, of driving the free-State men
from the polls. I affirm the people of Kansas
could not have voted without sacrifice of their
honor, integrity, freedom, and self-respect. 1
have no time to enter upon the details of proof. I
take a single illustration.
The Lecompton convention mot in September,
and adjourned until after the October election, to
fleo whatmightthen turn uptorenderuonecessary
the coup d'etat which they otherwise contem-
plated.
Through the just intervention of Governor
Walker, for which he has since been compelled
to resign to prevent decapitation, the Johnson and
McGee county frauds did not prevail, and the re-
sult was a free-Slate victory by overwhelming
majorities. The effect of this victory was to be
got rid of, and the Lecomptonites reassembled.
Enraged at Governor Walter—from whose pro-
slavery antecedents they had expected better
things—for rejecting the Oxford returns, they
took those very returns, known and admitted to
be palpable and undisguised forgeries, and placed
them in the constitution as the basis of legislative
representation for the county of Johnson. Ac-
cording to her population, that county is entitled
not to exceed one representative; by the constitu-
tion she has four; entitled to neither senator, by •
this constitution she has two; and thus made
equal with the county of Douglas with more than ;
live times the population. ;
Now, sir, on the day of election a citizen of j
Douglas county approaches the polls, and we j
have this colloquy between himself and the in- i
spector; " I want to vote against the Lecompton I
constitution." " You cannot do ii, t-m\ " " 1 want!
to vole to make Kansas a free Stale. " You con- '
not do that, sir." "Well, then, what may I vote
for?" " You may vote whether the owner shall
import his slaves or raise them." "Well, this is
a close question; but, on the whole, I will vote
against importation." "Very good; then first
vote for the constitution." " But," says the vo-
ter, " the constitution sanctions and sanctifies the
Oxford forgeries, by which my county is defraud-,
ed of its relative weight in the councils of the pro-
posed State, and I cannot vote for it." " So I
supposed," answers the inspector; " you may as
well leave, and go home."
Mr. Chairman, need I multiply arguments to
show that this whole pretense of submission is
ahold and infamous mockery ? It can deceive
no one. The whole plot, in its entire deformity,
is exposed and patent to the world. Its origin,
its development, and its memory, await but one
doom—the common execration of mankind.
Governor Walker, speaking for himself and
from Federal instructions, said to the people of
Kansas: Surrender all other modes and settle
your unhappy controversies by the arbitrament
of the ballot-box—that sacred and magic spot
where freemen go to execute their will—and I will
see fair play. The Administration said the same
thin?, speaking directly and "independently for
itself; and the free-State men of Kansas, relying
upon these pledges of protection, said amen. They
went into the election and won—triumphantly,
overwhelmingly won. And here is the rub;
hence the clamor against Governor Walker, hence
the backing down of the Administration, hence
the violation of pledges, hence the Lecompton
constitution, hence the desertion of Walker, the
decapitation of Stanton, and the attempted ostra-
cism of a distinguished Senator at the other end
of the Capitol.
Why were not the common rights of freemen
accorded to the people of Kansasin respect to their
organic law? Why was not the whole constitu-
tion honestly submitted to the people for their
acceptance or rejection ? There is but one reason,
one only answer. The answer given first by the
convention itself, and afterwards taken up and
repeated by the Washington organ of the Admin-
istration. The people would have voted it down. The
majority were factious and unreasonable. They
did not like the Oxford plank, the Know Noth-
ing element, the bank project of the constitution
They did not like to acknowledge the usurpations
of the convention, or very much fancy the outside
barbarian sources from which it had its origin.
The eleven jurymen were stubborn, and maiori-
ties are not always to be depended upon. This
argument sounds well upon Democratic lips. It
comes with peculiar giace from an Administra-
tion recently elevated to power upon the vehe-
ment pretense of superior devotion to the cause
of popular sovereignty. Could anything more
completely demonstrate the utter desperation of a
cause, than such utter prostitution of all the con-
sistencies of debate, employing against submis-
sion the precise considerations which make sub-
mission imperative?
Mr. Chairman, this Lecompton conspiracy is
not an isolated wrong—falling upon that people
with the startling effect of an unanticipated calam-
ity. It is but the culmination of a system of atro-
i| cities. The last of a succession of outrages whose
' unity of design and execution is a§ traceable as
the milky-way. The latest act of*a drama of'des-
: potism and fraud, in which local barbarism and
Federal intervention have combined in acting the
same part looking from the first and invariably
to the one end, the subjection of Kansas to the
dominion of slavery. Hence the Federal Govern-
ment could find no power in the Constitution to
employ the Army to protect the people from or-
ganized invasion, by which the polls were seized
and the government usurped in March, 1855, but
found the authority so soon as the necessities of
the usurpation required the Army to enforce its
administration and execute its code of laws—a
codc in comparison with which the worst edicts
of the worst of the Csesars were the embodiments
of a generous humanity. Hence northern emi-
gration was for months blockaded along the whole
eastern borders oftheTerritory by bands of armed
men; and the navigable waters affording access to
her soil—waters which nature had provided as.
free channels to the tide of empire—patroled with
all the jealousy of Austrian despotism. The peo-
ple at every tuin hunted and plundered by the aid
of Government officials. And lastly, have we seen
this Lecompton convention guarded by the Fed-
eral soldiery, finish the work, and now that work
accepted and defended by the national Adminis-
tration. Accepted and defended not as entirely
satisfactory, but as a measure of peace.
Unable to justify the Lecompton constitution
upon any ground of reason, consistency, or jus-
tice, the ancient and heretofore prevailing argu-
ment of repose and amity is again invoked. The
peace and quiet of the country have suddenly be-
come objects of paramount importance, superior
to all questions of faith, honor, or justice. Kansas
we are told, has for some years occupied too much
of the public attention. Granted.
Who is responsible for it? Not this side of the
Chamber. Not the people of Kansas. Not the
people of the North. The people of Kansas two
years ago applied for admission into the Union
under the Topeka constitution; a constitution
which had been submitted to the people and re-
ceived their ratification. Bej^ond all question it
embodied the then popular will. Why did you not
tranquilize Kansas and the country then ? Why
I did you not localize the quarrel then ? The Topeka
j was a free constitution, and the country did not
] need repose. The Union was not in danger ex-
| cept by admission. Kansas had not occupied
j sufficient of the public attention, and you did not
| propose to localize the controversy.
I Then, if I recollect the speeches of gentlemen
1 on the other side of this Hall, they wanted evi-
dence that the constitution embodied the pop-
ular will. They were not, and wanted to be, sat-
isfied as to this; and, besides, there was no hurry.
Kansas had not sufficient population, and could
afford to wait. It is only when she comes with
a slave constitution—no matter how achieved—
that she needs pacification, and the arguments of
repose become prevailing.
_ Mr. Chairman, peace does not lay in the direc-
tion of the further oppression of the people of Kan-
sas. If the recorded will of the majority is to be
cloven down; if the fetters made to order by the
Lecompton architects are to be fastened upon a
whole community of American freemen, it will be
after a struggle such as this country has never yet
I seen. If peace is secured in the mode proposed,
it will be the peace of Warsaw, after the national
j heart of Poland had ceased its pulsations, and the
, power of resistance had perished.
; Cut a distinction is taken between the legal
people and the real people. I suppose the pre-
i cedent for this is derived from our revolutionary
; eia, when a similar distinction was taken. It is
claimcd that the Lecompton was a legal conven-
, ti<m,aiid those who sustain it are the legal people,
' as distinguished from the real people. I deny,
sir, that it was a legal or legitimate convention;
its political genealogy is directly traceable to the
Missouri invasion. One branch, at least, of the
so-called Legislature, which provided for calling
this convention, was ('lee,ted by outsiders, and not
[ by the people of Kansas, and was simply a usurp-
■ atiou.
; The Lecompton convention can have no higher
i authority than its source. Moreover, it was vi-
! tally defective m its organization; it represented
j tcrntojiolly but half of the counties of Kansas,
j and numerically but an insignificant fragment of
! that half.
j In its inception,in its proceedings, in the provis-
| ional government and dictatorship which it estab-
; lishes m order to override the real voters by fraud-
: ulent voters, the real people by unreal people, it
i was simply an illegal despotism. Away with
' your miserable distinctions betw.een your legal
^ people and your real people; no matter whether
! constitutions are framed by conventions called
i with or without legislative intervention, provided
' they have been indorsed and consecrated by the
public will. Away with forms, and modes, and
i technicalities. The question is, have the people
i spoken, and to what results?—not through what
, conduit?? have they spoken.
Modes, and forms, and technicalities are often
i but cobwcbs which mar the beauty withoutadding
I to the strength of the logical structure.
I Through and beyond the dust and drapery rises
; the great temple of argument, resting upon the
! people's will as the everlasting hills upon their
j foundation.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indian^. I understand that the
