1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
to be a very idle ceremony to reject Minnesota
with her present constitution on such a ground;
above all when it seems to be very generally con-
ceded that a State lias the power to regulate this
subject as she pleases. I consider the principle
not in this constitution alone, but in other States
of the Northwest, a mischievous one. I think it
leads to the encouragement of a nullification of
other provisions of the Constitution of the United
States more important, perhaps, than this. I re-
gret it deeply. I deplore it. I think it isan irreg-
ularity. It is mischievous in its tendencies and
results. Especially do I regret it when I consider
that the whole tendency of the times and of the
Government seems to me to be to disregard estab-
lished principles and constitutional guarantees,
and to inaugurate an anarchial, unregulated lib-
erty.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the admission of the State of Minnesota into the
Union; but 1 shall protest against that vote being
construed into any approval, far less into any
confirmation on my part so far as the vote goes,
of the policy found in the constitution of this State
by which foreigners are admitted to vote. 1 do
not entertain a doubt that all that question as to
who shall and who shall not administer the gov-
ernment of a State, which is a question of voting,
is left entirely to the people of the State, to that
people in whom resides the sovereignty or the
supreme power. Now, the Constitution of the
United States, in declaring who shall administer
the Government of the United States through Rep-
resentatives in the other House, and through the
Executive head by means of the electoral colleges,
has left it to the States to determine who they
shall be within their respective limits, by prescrib-
ing that those shall vote for members of Congiess,
and those shall vote for electors of President and
Vice President, who shall be entitled to vote for
the most numerous branch of their State Legisla-
ture; thus, as I consider, in express terms leav-
ing the power where it rightfully belongs, to the
sovereignty of the respective States. I should not
hold myself at liberty, therefore, to interfere in
any mode whatever to check, or to restrain, or to
control the power tints exercised by the States.
Mr. BULL. Will the Senator allow mu to in-
terrupt him ?
Mi-. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. DELL. Then what is the use of any nat-
uralization law passed by Congress? I should
like the Senator to answer that question, and also
whether, when a State does admit an alien, if she
can do so, to all the privileges of a citizen of a
State, that alien is not thereby entitled to all the
privileges of citizens of other States to which he
may go ?
Mr. MASON. I will answer the Senator, so
far as I am competent to do so. The Constitu-
tion of the United States devolves certain rights
upon those who are called in the Constitution cit-
izens; and therefore it may have been considered
wise in those who framed the Constitution, to de-
termine by general and uniform law who should
be citizens of the United States. By a uniform law,
foreigners coming within the limits of the United
States, remain foreigners, unless they are made
citizens by some process of law; and it may have
been considered inconvenient, irregular, leading
perhaps to injurious results, if, so far as the oper-
ation of the Government of the United States was
concerned, it was not ascertained by a uniform
law in what manner foreigners should be ad-
mitted to the rights and privileges of citizens of
the United States. For this reason, as I under-
stand, it was provided that the Congress of the
United States should provide, by uniform laws of
naturalization, for the admission of foreigners, to
that extent, to the rights of citizens of the United
States. But I do not undeistand that that has
taken from the individual States any power what-
ever already resident in those States for their own
policy to declare who shall be citizens of the State.
For example, the State of Virginia, or the State
of Tennessee—the State of Virginia certainly has
done it, but I do not know whether the State of
Tennessee has—by its law has declared who shall
be citizens of the State of Virginia; but it has not,
in that, in the slightest degree trenched on the
power that is reserved to the Federal Government
to declare who shall be citizens of the United
Stater,; because, the legislation of Virginia that
would constitute .a foreigner a citizen of Virginia,
does not thereby make him, within the meaning,
as i read it, of the Constitution of the United
States, a citizen who is entitled to the immunities
and the rights provided for citizens of the United
States by the Constitution of the United States.
Now, then, as to the constitution of Minnesota,
which allows foreigners, before they become citi-
zens of the United States, to participate in the
government of Minnesota, I should not consider
myself at liberty even to express an opinion; but
possibly, as it has been brought into question
here, it might be considered that a vote for the
constitution, with that clause in it, carried some
affirmation, as weil as approval, by means of the
Federal law, of that principle contained in the
constitution of Minnesota. For myself, I dis-
claim it, not understanding that we possess any
such power.
Nor do 1 mean to express any other than the
most abstract opinion upon the question, as far
as Minnesota is concerned; yetl cannot shut my
eyes to the consequences that have already en-
sued in that community, and that I fear exist m
other communities like situated, from admitting
to all the rights of American citizens, more es-
: pccially to the right of voting, foreigners who
have recently come into the country, and who can
now know nothing of the theory or character of
our institutions. I think it is a most improvident
and unfortunate acton their part. We have seen
: it illustrated in the case of Minnesota. What
I organized community of American citizens, na-
i live born, and educated in the American mode,
j adapted in that manner for the free institutions of
, our country, by understanding and appreciating
: their character, would have been found in the con-
| duion of this grave body that was called together
j to frame a constitution for Minnesota, sepaiating
1 the instant they met, never coalescing afterwards,
'constituting two separate bodies,each claiming
itself to be charged with the power of framing a
j government, continuing separate, and dissolving
! as separate bodies? I say that is a phenomenon
| in American experience.
' L remember to have seen, also, in one of those •
; northwestern States, within the last year or two,
■ what I believe is true, that in their ordinary Le-
gislature, one, if not both of the Houses, re-
: niamed organized, for I know not how long, un-
I der the control of two separate presiding officers,
; sitting together on the same platform, and putting
| questions at the same time. That is misrule, dis-
! organization; and, as I should read it, evincive
I of an utter incapacity for popular government.
> Can it be otherwise ? How can it be possible that
1 foreigners coming from abroad, from the conti-
! nent of Europe, raised and trained and impressed
j by forms of government as unlike to ours as one
j thing can be to another, should find themselves
i upon their arrival here, enlightened, informed,
considerate, thoughtful, and more than all, re-
1 gardful of the true spirit of American liberty?
It is utterly impracticable in itself, and to at-
tempt it, I should think can lead only to misrule
! and disorganization, as it has done. But still, I
I would say to my honorable friend from Tennes-
see, I do not read the Constitution of the United
States as he does. That is a matter that belongs
to the States, and it is incident to our form of
j government, the States being sovereign, having
1 the right to direct their own affairs in their own
; way. I protest that any vote which wo may give
i here for the admission of Minnesota is not expres-
sive of any opinion whatever, either for or against
; any feature contained in her constitution, except
: that it is republican in its form.
1 have thought it proper, on my part, in order
I to avoid misapprehension, to say thus much only
, to exclude the conclusion that by my vote to ad-
; nut this State, I mean to express any opinion on
i this part of her constitution, far less any ap-
i proval.
; Mr. STUART. I do not intend to continue
1 this debate, because 1 am very anxious that Mm-
, nesota shall be admitted into the Union; and I
! should not say a word but for the remarks of the
! Senator from Virginia, in attributing the divisions
! in the Minnesota convention, and certain other
! divisions in the northwestern country, to the in-
I fluence of the foreign vote. Why, sir,you might
• a3 well attribute them to an eclipse of the moon.
! These are divisions that grow out of party poli-
tics, and nothing else. The foreign vote in Min-
nesota, that is, that vote which is described as a
foreign vote, is, as it is m other States of the
Union, composing but a very small proportion of
the whole vote. The difficulty in the Minnesota
convention was a party difficulty, a question of
whether certain delegates were elected or not, and
each political organization claiming to have a ma-
jority, seized upon the earliest opportunity to or-
ganize, with a view to securing that result. The
Senator, I apprehend, under his reasoning, would
find it difficult to distinguish between the action
of that convention, the action of a certain Legis-
lature to which he referred, and the action of the
House of Representatives of the United States at
the last Congress. The House of Representatives
were months before they were able to organize.
Would it be said that that was on account of the
foreign vote of the country ? It might be said with
equal propriety and with .equal accuracy. Sir, I
doubt if there was a man, certainly not any con-
siderable number of men of either party, in the
convention of Minnesota, who was a foreigner.
The large majority of that body, like the large
majority of every similar body m every State,
were citizens, and native-born citizens of the Uni-
ted States. It is a mistake, therefore, to suppose
that these difficulties, which originate in party
politics alone, have their origin at all in the for-
eign vote of any particular portion of this coun-
try.
I agree with everything that the Senator from
Virginia said m respect to the authority of the
States over this question. It is a question with
which Congress, in my humble judgment, has
nothing to do; but it is entirely and completely
within the power of every State in the Union to
say who shall exercise the right of suffrage within
that State. I should be very soiry ever to see
the day arrive when any other doctrine should
prevail. I have certain views of my own in re-
gard to the intelligence of foreigners as compared
with the intelligence of many portions of the native-
born citizens of the country; but it is not neces-
sary to express them here. I have no disposition,
as I have said, to prolong this debate; quite the
contrary. I wish this debate brought to aclose.
I think this State ought to have been admitted long
ago. In my opinion we have done her manifest
in justice by delaying the question so l.ong as we
have done. I rose only to correct the misappre-
hension of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
in supposing that these difficulties grew at all out
of the fact that the votes of persons other than
citizens of the United States were cast for some
of the members of the Minnesota convention.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate; but, like the Senator from Michigan, I do not
desire to be misunderstood. He trusts never to
see the day when Congress, or any other power,
shall control the right of a State to regulate this
question as it thinks proper. That is a general
proposition which I had to meet before in the
former debate oil this subject. I went into ex-
amples. The States have a right to admit minors
and females if they choose. I never denied it.
The single point, whether as the Constitution of
the United States has provided that the Congress
may enact uniform rules for the naturalization of
foreigners, U is in the power of the States to con-
fer citizenship on them. The States may author-
ize minors of live years of age, if they please, to
vote at the elections, and male and female. That
is undisputed. The question is in regard simply
to the class of residents as to whom the Consti-
tution has made distinct provision, and Congress
has prescribed the mode by which they should
become citizens of the United States. That is the
only exception to the absolute and uncontrolled
power of the States to regulate the right of suf-
frage or say who may be citizens. I said when
I was up before that I wished to be understood;
that, seeing the views which existed both North
and South, I did not propose myself to make it
an objection to the admission of Minnesota; still
I desire to express my opinion, as I did two years
ago, that it was a violation of the Constitution of
the United States, and it was a dangerous pre-
cedent.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote most cheerfully,
Mr. President, for the admission of Minnesota
into the sisterhood of free commonwealths. I am
sure no State welcomes her more cordially than
