2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
require us to act in such a manner. If we cannot
do the business of the session in six days, let us
lake six more. This is garbling the bill, and I
think making it more unacceptable to the people
than it would be to have the whole bill. I was
told, and the committee was told, that the invent-
ors themselves desired this change, and would be
satisfied with this increase in the compensation
they paid, with the other improvements; and with
them, I take it for granted, they would have been
satisfied. I know nothing about it. any more than
from the representations made to the committee,
and I took them for granted and voted for the bill
throughout in committee; and should have voted
for this proposition here, did I not perceive, when
I come to hear it, that it takes those particular
features in the bill which impose burdens, without
any of that portion which confers benefits. I hope
the Senator from Florida will withdraw the prop-
osition for the present. I do not see how we can
•legislate understanding^ by taking a single sec-
tion out of a hill and putting it into a general ap-
propriation bill. It is a curious place for the
Patent Office to look to for the laws to govern
them in the transaction of their business. I do
not mean to say that I shall vote against it if the
Senator insists that it is necessary, but I think
this is not the proper place nor the proper time
to insert such an amendment.
Mr. YULEE. The changes proposed by the
committee in the fees were reported at a very
early day, and have been before the Senate for
the last two or three months. I take it for granted,
therefore, that if there had been anv very great
objection on the part of the patentees to the change
in the fees, some opposition would have been
urged on the Senate through their representatives,
or we should have been informed of some objec-
tion. The bill to which the Senator from Rhode
Island refers, contained various ameliorations,
and, as we supposed, reforms, m the business of
the Patent Oiiiec. Its passage would have been
very desirable; but at this stage of (he session,
that is hopeless. The Senator ftom Rhode Island
is mistaken in supposing that this section was at
alia dependent section on any other section of
that bill. This section was intended to meet a
request of the Secretary of the Interior, contained
in a paragraph of his annual report, which I will
read now, and from which the Senate will perceive
that there is a distinct and sepauxte necessity for
action upon this particular subject, independent
of, and separate from, all the other subjects to
which the general bill relates. The Secretary
says:
The l:nv now aut!)oiiZf'< a roMnn, upon the [ejection
of an application, ol two thuds <n the lee irqnncd 10 If
deported liv t'jo apphra>if o.i piiu<^ In-. H.nm. Ol
the $103,04 e.\p''ii(icd dining tin* Ja-t linec quaitcr^,
$i27,(J39 99 wa.^ math* up of lee> n.-toi;'ti 10 applicant-. ii.e'i"
the'labor ot' euuuuiui:; then «. ,i-e- li.nl l>-'< n p m lot m-' l.
Thoio seems to be wither <(iiMiee nor expedicnev in tln<
rcquueiuetif. Its eon-sequence ha- been io lump ni'o the
olhei; a hit<jeamount re" b.i fi ivdUui- pi 11•> eiunaetH,
.mil wIik h t-erm-, in tiii I, i>!>tni(h'<i but a- an e\peiiineut
upon its eicduhty. fl' it i-. defied thai this bierau should
be, as Jicietoibiu. suppoited by itr- own eai ntte^. thn !<m-
tmeot the tinnneul administration of the olllee -houhl br
revised and iciuiuied,"
I will .state further, as the Senate may not be '
cognizant of the fact, that 1 move this amendment !
at the request of the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Pv.Em,]in behalf of the committee—hisown j
health not permitting him to undertake the burden j
of its support and recommendation to the Senate ;
—and, I believe, at the instance of the Depart- 1
ment. j
Mr. HUNTER. This is an excellent measure, j
1 sh ouId 11 ire to vote- for it as independent and sep- i
mate legislation; but I am afmid to begin this !
process of legislnring on the general appropi tation ;
lulls. I think it will be safer to try it as a sen.ware i
measure. 1 am unwilling to v«to I'm general legis- j
latum in the general appropriation buls, if we can '
j' dp u 1 think the Senator from Florida had bet- ;
tcr withdraw his amendment, and try it :uj a sep- :
a: ate measure. We shall evidently have a debate
o.i it that will delay us; and we have but little
time left to act on tin so bills. !
Mi. YULCE. I shall be governed entnely by :
tliu ve-vvs of the chairman of the committee at,
whose lequnst 1 moved the amendment.
Mr. IlLiD. I suppose the Senate understands i
this tjne.Mion, and the debate will net go fui ther. !
1 i.nni: \'e can eet a vo'e on if in a lew minuses,
j U i i.Mi r-ee anv necessity fur dubaLng Jt. It is
;ac
my nf
Mr. SIMMONS. In reference to what fell from
the Senator from Florida about the £27,000 re-
turned in the last thiee quarters, I will say that,
by the showing of the Senator, there were $27,000
returned, and there was $3,000 deficiency.
Mr. YULEE. Yes; but numerous clerks were
discharged for the purpose of reducing the ex-
penditures.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the business fell off very
much, I suppose the duties of the clerks were not
very onerous. I am not going to make a point
on this matter; but I will call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that when these fees were being
fixed in committee they were fixed in refeience to
the increased expenditures of the Department, on
account of the organization proposed by the gen-
eral bill. 1 asked the Commissioner, on various j
occasions, if he could get along with such and j
such a fee; and he said that as the expenses now
were, he could; but if the. new machinery, as I
call it, the new corps of officers wore mrtituted, it
would require more; and we put m more, in order
to accommodate the fees to the increased expend-
itures and accommodations.
. Now as to the complaints of those who repre-
sent inventors. I have had, sincc we icportcd the
bill, a great many complaints made to me because
I assented to the bill; but they did not alter my
opinion about its propriety. 1 was satisfied that
the bill, as a whole, would probably be an im-
provement on the old system; and, therefore, 1
went for it. Outside complaints have not changed
my mind about it; but I think there is an impro-
priety in taking out a single section of such a bill,
and ingrafting it into an appropriation bill. That
is the only objection I have to the amendment. I
think it is extremely unjust and improper to do so
when it is manifest, by the statement of the De-
partment, that this will prevent the return of some
thirty-eight thousand dollars per annum to the in-
ventors, whose applications are rejected, in order
to supply a deficiency of three or four thousand
dollats per annum. I cannot cipher in that way.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have an amendment to olTer
based upon a letter from the Secretary of State,
and I oiler the amendment in the language of his
letter:
Foi the payment to Robert J. Walkci, late Governor of
Kansas Terutorv, 101 euraosdmaiy expenses lo which he
was Mibjuctod in thai Temioij ,{$7,1.03 '<3, oi so i^iucli thete-
oi'as may bii neeessaiy.
The letter is accompanied by a statement of the
account and part of the vouchers. There is also
a statement on the files of the Department that
no money will be claimed except that lor which
vouchees are furnished satisfactory to the Secre-
tary of State. The Secretary of State asks the
appropriation, and I oner it in his language.
lMr. 1 j UWTER. Is not this a private claim ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Clearly not.
Mr. (IIJNTKR. It is on the same principle
on which we decided in regard to the Minister at
Paris.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless there
is some explanation offered beyond what is fur-
nished by the amendment, the Chair would not
think it in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The explanation is this:
Mr. "Walker, as Governor of the Territory of
Kansas, incurred these expenditures, and has
made hit, return to the State Department, and the
Department sends a communication to the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories asking that
committee to move this as an amendment to the
appropriation bill, and the committee have di-
rected me to offer the amendment in the language
furnished by the Department. It is for contin-
gent expo-nses incurred theie necessarily under
ordeis, and I suppose it is perfectly tight. Unas
been usual to make suUi appiopnattons in the
appiopriation bills.
Mr. CLAY. I will ask the Senator whether
it is made m compliance with any law of Con-
gress 5 That would bring it withm the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is within the rule already,
because it is reported by a committee, and rec-
ommended by the Department.
Several Si:vaturs. It is a private claim.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is not a pnvate claim.
The PR ELIDING OFFICER. If there is any
previous law authorizing the expenditures, the
Chan* will consider the amendment in older.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The previous law piovidea
for the contingent expenses of the Territory on
the estimate of the proper Secretary; and I sup-
pose it comes fairly within the law. It is for con-
tingent expenses of the executive department of
Kansas Territory. The law provides so much
appropriation each year for contingent expenses
of the executive department. [Laughter.] I con-
fess I do not like this mode of trying to laugh down
propositions. If gentlemen can answer them it is
one thins:; but to laugh them down, is another.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 confess I do not at all like
the tone of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is extremely arrogant and
offensive.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say, in reply, that
this laughing had proceeded in a manner that was
exceedingly annoying. I never interrupt a gen-
tleman on the floor. I will answer him after he
Joncludes, if I think proper.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now, Mr. President, if the
; gentleman wants an answer he shall have it. I
j should be paying a very poor compliment to his
j good sense, at the expense of his ingenuousness
l and fairness, if he did not admit that this was a
| private claim. I was not alone. The remarks
j made by the Senator from Illinois attracted the
; umversalaitontionof the Chamber, and I was very
i far from being the only individual that laughed at
j him. If the Senator from Illinois chooses to single
J me out for any criticisms of that sort, he will find
| me ready to respond on all occasions, at all times,
and in every way.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It may be that the Senator
from Louisiana was not the only one. lie hap-
pened to sit by my side, and 1 can hear his re-
marks when I may not hear others. I thought
they were not courteous nod proper. I alluded
to them in that way. That he is always respon-
sible 1 have no question. There is nothing ie-
markable in that; and m that assuiance he does
not stand isolated as the only member m the body
that holds himself so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides the amendment out of oider, unless there
be some other law than the law providing for a
contingent fund of the Temiory.
Mr. CLAY. I propose to offer an amendment
as an additional section to the bill. It is an amend-
ment that was agreed on, I think, in respect to
dispensing with disbursing agents in futuie m the
erection of public buildings.
Mr. DAVIS. That will probably involve de-
bate; and I ask the Senator from Alabama to allow
me to oiler some amendments from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs that will not pioduce dis-
cussion.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think my amendment
will produce any debate; but 1 will not press it
now. 1 wish to offer it as n c.umludJng section
to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of tlm Senator from Alabama will be inform-
ally passed over.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fans instructed me to repott thm amendment as
an additional section:
be it }-i)1!>cr enactc-l, Thar ui a'Mittnn to the mum
her oi eluks hi the cilice (-i 11., Mir O- I'*1! a', as
aiuSeu i veil bs ih': e\i~;;:iii lav t nc r> > li.Ul !> > appo'iiftl in
that otiiee lour ciesk- ol clu-i one ;-0 c.-tablwied b> the act
' ot the 3 I Maieh,
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is
that in order under the
R. The Chair
The PRESIDING OFFiC
thinks it is.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I have not a word to
say.
Mr.HUNTER. This is a proposition to add
clciks to the Departments. The pie^ent seeing
to me to be a bad time for that.
Mr. DAVIS. My fnend from Virginia will
allow me to inform him that this is the same prop-
osition which passed both Houses last year, as I
understand, but was lost by some mishap before
a committee of confeience. It is nothing new.
If the country has fallen into a peculiar condition,
I am afiaid 'its peculiar condition will require
more rather than fewer clerks in that Deport-
ment which has the settlement of all extraordi-
naiy miiitcuy expenses.
Mr. HUlNTER. In the Army bill, wnich has
not yet comc up, there is a provision " to enable
the Secretary of War to employ temponu y eleika
