1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the office of the Quartermaster General, and
bounty land office, $5,000." This will be in ad-
dition to that.
Mr. DA.VIS. That has nothing to do with this.
The Quartermaster General does not want these
clerks for the bounty land business that is thrown
on him. These clerks are required, two of them
for the regular business of his office, and two of
them for that business which connects his office
with that of the Third Auditor. I will only say
that I know of no class in Washington, or out of
it, who^are worked as hard as the clerks of the
Gluartermaster General. I think he has long re-
quired, and when Secretary of War I recom-
mended thathe should have, these four additional
clerks. The necessity exists to-day, as it did then.
I leave the matter with the Senate.
The amendment was rejected; ayes twelve, noes
not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is an ap-
propriation to pay some officers who were em-
ployed to examine California claims growing out
of the services of the Fremont battalion:
That the Secretary of the Tieasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay each of the officers compos-
ing the boaid appointed under the t?ixth section of the act
appjoved August 31,1859, to adjudicate claims presented to
them for funds advanced, and subsistence and supplies fm-
mshod, or taken for the use of Fremont's California bat-
talion, m 1846, such suras of money for their services and
expenses m the discharge of that duty, as he may deem
reasonable and just; and that the same be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, The whole amount shall not exceed .$1,500.
Mr. KING. Why, is not this a private claim ?
It is for services for which no law authorized com-
pensation, performed some years since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The admissi-
bility of the amendment, in the opinion of the
Chair, depends on the section of the law to which
it refers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi whether these gentlemen were not in the
public service as officers of the Army receiving
their regular compensation?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted withoutsomefurtherexplanation.
Mr. DAVIS. I have very little explanation to
make. These officers were employed here in the
examination of these California claims, a portion
of which,'as the Senate may recollect, were ac-
cepted by Congress, and paid, on their report.
They ask that a sum be given to them in the dis-
cretion of Congress, in consideration of their ex-
tra labor and extra expense. They were em- I
ployed here about two yeors pnd a half, I think.
Mr. POLK. It strikes me that this is like any 1
other private claim
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is ;
inclined to think, from the statement of the case, ;
that it is a private claim within the meaning of j
the rule. :
Mr. DAVIS. All the legislation I know of i
was that which created the board and that winch !
accepted their repot t and appropriated money on |
it. If the amendment be out of order, 1 shall not j
press it. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does j
not think it is in order. :
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment from ,
the same committee:
For the payment ofthree companies of volunteers callcrt
into the service ot the United States m Ivan^, in iby ■
the older ol the Coveinoi of that 'JVrntoiy, 1-1. ;
I will merely state that thi5? is to pay thiee enm- ;
panies of volunteers, who were called out by Gov-
ernor Geary, when he was Governor of Kansas
Territory, employed to keep the quiet of the coun- J
try there, ostensibly, or really, I do not know 1
which. He has paid some portion ot the money j
to those volunteers, and some pottion of it is un- j
paid. The g;oss amount is slated m the amend- i
ment. So t^r as it has been paid, it is a claim of ;
Governor Geaiy to have the money reimbursed ,
to him. Su far as it has not been paid, it remains ;
due. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not sufficiently ad-
vised in regard to this matter to be prepared to
oppose the5amendment; but I know that many of !
-the companies acting m Kansas Territory under j
the name of volunteers were performing anything :
but a part calculated to preserve the peace of the :
Territory. I regret that this pioposition should j
be otfered; and it exhibits the objection to this ;
mode of legislation—coming m with propositions |
of this kind on appropriation bills, when we have
no time to look into the facts. The Senator from
Mississippi is aware that it is a delicate matter to
appropriate money to pay the different classes of
companies that were raised in Kansas Territory.
I do not know that I should have any objection
to the amendment if I understood the case; but I
am sorry that it is presented in this form-, and,as
at present advised, I shall vote'against it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have very little information to
give to the Senator. His objection as to the pe-
culiarity of the case is one that will apply to all
other cases of the sort, and would apply to the
case we were considering a short time ago, in re-
lation to the State of Maine; so that, he will per-
ceive, has no value. As to the special character
of the case, I can only say that the Governor was
authorized to call out the militia to preserve the
peace of the Territory; and it appears he called
out three companies. They were mustered into
service, and remained some time in service. This
amendment appropriates the amount necessary
to pay the officers and men for the time they were
in service. He has paid part of the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment to
offer, as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the sinri of 954 54 be,
and the same is hereby, appiopuated out of any money in
the Tieasury not othenvise appropi iated, to be paid to the
State of Georgia foi that amount paid by said State to the
companies of Captains John E. Price and Samuel Patter-
son, called out by the Governor of Georgia, in 1638, to pro-
tect the citizens againstappiehended hostilities of the Ohoi-
okee Indians.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that case come within
the rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot answer these questions of the Senator from
Virginia, unless he knows something of the law.
The amendment itself specifies no authority.
Mr. IVERSON. This is a case in which my
State is interested, and I trust I may be indulged
m a remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that a question of order is
raised on the admissibility of the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. The explanation of the case
itself, may possibly obviate the point of order.
The 'Senator will remember that a treaty was
made J>y the United States with the Cherokees,
by whkjj#they agreed to emigrate to the Westm
the ye.lr 1838. As the time approached for their
removal West they became exceedingly icstive,
and it was apprehended by the people of Georgia,
and especially by the authorities of the State, that
they would rise in arms, and probably commit
depredations of a serious character against the
lives and property of the citizens who inhabited
that country—the people of the State of Georgia—
following the example ofthe Creeks of 1836, who,
after the time came for their emigration, io&e in
arms—a great number of them m Alabama and
Geoigia—and committed depredations of a groat
many kinds, and destroyed a great deal of prop-
erty of the inhabitants. For the purpose of pre-
venting anything of that sort, an act was passed
by the Legislature of Georgia, which I will read:
" An act to piovulo for the pioteetion of the citizen-* of the
Cheiokee countiy, and tor the lemovai of tin; (Jhemkee
and Cicek Indian-; Irom the limits of tins Stat<\
" Sr-.CTto.N" 1. Be it entitled tiij the Senate and House of
Representntwrs nf the Slntrof Georma^in General >'h<<em-
hht met, /nhi U n hnretn; enacted hy the nut hoi itiioj the same,
That Unuc sit.til be Oiganizcd, m the counties ot Union,
Gilmer. Lumpkin, Mui my, Walker, Floyd, Ci>-*? 1'aulchne,
Cobb, Oheioket1. and Foi -vth. a company of ^iKtv mounted
men each, meludu)" ofli^er-'. to hemmed by volunteer-*,
wheie no company is already oiyanued and coimnu-jioned
for that purpose.
See. '2. .-'hid be it further enacted hyth.e authority a fore-
said, That so soon an haul volunteer companies <.ir<j lornied.
they shall pioceed to t-Aet t the u-ual company othec^, and
report the same to his Excellency the Governor, who ?hall
i .->ue tiie necessary commotions fur each, accoidmyly.
*' Sec. 3. Jini be it farther enaitcd by the uuthorit;i afore-
said, That said companies shall be oi>r;inr/cd, commis-
sioned, and considered m tiie service ot the State, when
called out by the Executive of this Stare, unless a move-
ment a mom: the Jmharw should create Mich an emeigency
a> will icquire. in the opinion of the commanding oiacer,
immediate action, in which case he may call thun foith-
with to the field, and repoit lu  rea-on to the Executive tor
liavi'iu done so
" tfbe. 8. ahid be it further enacted by the same authority
aforesaid, That it shall hethedtil> ot >aid commander to
cooperate with tIk1 United States tioop--, if ncres^aiv.in ic-
movim* all the Cherokee and (/reek Indians tmin within the
limits of tins State, immediate!) after the 01th day of M.iy
next.
61 isfce. 7. Jlnd be it fuithn cnocfcd hy the authority afoie-
said3 That the officers and men who maybe called into ser-
vice under the provisions of this act, shall receive for and
during tiie time of actual service, such pay as is,allowed to
mounted men in the service of the United States, and that
the Governor shall be and he is required to pay the same, as
well as all other expenses incident to the whole of said ser-
vice in this bill mentioned, out of any moneys which shall
be appropriated for that purpose."
Some of those companies were called out. An
act was passed appropriating $175,000 to reim-
burse the State for the payment of those Volun-
teers, and those engaged in the Creek and Sem-
inole wars; but the appropriation has been ex-
hausted or has gone to the surplus fund. These
men never received any compensation, although
they were called into service, as will appear by
the muster rolls I have before me, and were in
service a month or two months—I do not recollect
the precise time. During the session ofthe Le-
gislature, in 1855-56, a provision was made by
" An act to provide compensation to the commis-
sioned officers, non-commissioned officers, musi- .
cians, and privates, of certain companies of vol-
unteers mustered into the service of the State of
Georgia, by virtue of an act assented to on the
26th of December, 1837."
That is the act I have just read to the Senate.
The act of 1856 provides:
" Whereas certain companies of mounted volunteers were
raided, organized, and mustered into the seivice ofthe State
of Geoigia, m terms of an act assented to 26th December,
1837; and wheicas certain of those companies have received
no compensation: Therefore,
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted,^c., That the commissioned offi-
ceis, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
of each of those companies who have at no time heretofore
icoeived compensation for ^aid seivices, be, and they are
hereby, authorized to receive trom the State of Georgia the
same pay as is, by the Army i emulations ofthe United States
and the laws thereof, allowed to commissioned officers,
uon-cominihMOned oOieeis, musicians, and privates, ic-
spectively, m said Aimy ofthe Tinned States.'5
Then it goes on to state the circumstances un-
der which these persons may come forward and
present their claims, and authorizes the Governor,
by the appointment of an auditor, to receive their
accounts, and audit them; and then, on the audit-
ing of the account by this auditor, the treasurer
is authorized by this act to nay the money. I
will not tiouble the Senate with reading the whole'
act. I merely state its provisions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to inquire^ for the purpose
of determining the question of order, whether it
is based upon any law of the United States?
Mr. IVERSON. It is not based on any law
of the United States that I know of; but 1 think
that these claims from States have generally been
considered by Congress as on a different footing
altogether from claims of private individuals, i
know such have been the precedents, and I am
prepared to show two cases now before me. To
an appropriation bill for the Indian department
in 3850, there were two amendments proposed
and passed by the Senate, and subsequently met
the concurrence of the House of Representatives.
| One was:
! "To p.iv the Cential Bank of Geoigia. assignee of H,
' W. Jarnegan & Co., and othei-, the smh of $21,044."
That was a claim for spoliations committed by
these very Creek Indians m 1836, on the prop-
erty of LI. W. Jarnegan & Co. That claim against
the United States foi spoliations was assigned by
Jiii nog an & Co. to the Central Bank of Georgia.
The Central Bank of Georgia belonged to the State
of Georgia. The State owned the stock. It was
a more mode taken by the State to loan out its
I funds under the name of the Central Bank of
Georgia. This claim of H. W. Jarnegan & Co.
was assigned to the Central Bank of Georgia, and
; to the Indian appropriation bill of 1850 an amend-
i ment was appended paying to the State of Geor-
gia the amount of this claim. That was put on
, because it then became a State claim—a claim due
j to the State of Georgia, although m the name of
j the Cential Bank; but it was understood, ascer-
tained, and admitted, that the claim really be-
longed to the State of Georgia, and not to a pri-
vate corporation; and thereby it was admitted on
the appropriation bill of 1850. There was another
appropriation of this very character put on that
bill. By the second section it is enacted:
•'< That the accounting officers of the United i-Uai^Treas-
uiv be, ond ate hor«by, directed to audit ,md settle the ac-
count-; of the companies of T<w*a? mounted lanyeis, com-
manded by (Japrams 13. F. Hill, J. Smith, J. Huberts, J.
S. 5>utton,S. lJ. Ho**, U. E. McCulloch, J. \V. Johnson,
nndO. Bl.iefcwoll, who weie retained in or caUed into ser-
vice by the Govcnmi ol ctud State, uud out of any money
