476
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Senator from North Carolina says there is a price
in New York for iron, so much duty paid, and so
much duty not paid. I should like to hear him
read a quotation of thatkind in any paper he ever
saw. You never saw the market value in New
York stated in that way, but the price is stated
after everything has been paid, whether the arti-
cle be free or dutiable. Then people may go on
and reason, if this is the actual price, and the duty
on it by law is so much, the price would be so
much less if there was no duty. That is a mat-
ter of reasoning. There is no difficulty in de-
termining the market price of an article, and no-
body could misunderstand it if familiar with the
article. The only difficulty, and the only strange
thing I see in all this discussion abouttaking the
market price at the principal market of our own
country, is that people seem to think they can tell
a great deal better what a thing is worth in a
country they know nothing about, and about the
currency of which they know nothing, and that
they can never get at any instrument by which
they can tell the price in their own country, and
in their own coin. That has been argued here at
great length.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Island has substantially answered my question.
He now says his proposition was to take the iron
at the selling price in New York. Thatincludes,
of course, whatever addition may be made to its
value by the duty, which may be much or little.
He asks if ever I knew the price stated with ref-
erence to duty paid or not paid. I can tell the
Senator that railroad companies of my State have
imported iron, and sometimes buy it at a certain
price, paying the duty themselves, or they pay a
larger price, and the person from whom they buy
it pays the duty. My object was to arrive at that
result. He admits that his proposition was to
take bar-iron, for example, at its soiling price in
Now York. That obviously, as every Senator
knows, will be affected by iho duty.
The Senator says that some article is referred
to, that the person referring to it knows nothing
about, and the Senate knows nothing about, f do
not know a great deal about bar-iron; whether the
Seriate knows much about it or not, other gentle-
men can judge as well as I; but the effect of my
question is fully obvious to the Senate, on the
Senator's explanation. He takes the selling price
of iron in New York, and that is from forty dol-
lars a ton and upwards, and the foreign price at
Liverpool is about fifty per cent, lower. Since the
tariff of 1846 has been in operation, under the in-
structions of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the usages of the Government the duties are as-
certained on the foreign price;and therefore there
is no fraud in any importer adopting it. The idea
is thrown out that the Senator's proposition was
merely a measure to remedy frauds; but there is
not one of those who supported it who, if he was
importing iron himself, would hesitate to adopt
the foreign value, or who would hesitate to tell his
constituents that they were practicing no ftaud in
adopting it. If that be the case, it is idle to be
professing to strike at frauds, when the feature
struck at is no fraud, but the intention of the law,
as at present explained, and as the gentleman
admits, substantially the intention of the ad va-
lorem system in 1833, and 1842, for he does not
urge that the system which he now proposes was
then adopted. My object, therefore, was to show
that the very provision for which gentlemen on
the other side voted yesterday, would have in-
creased the duty fifty per cent, on some bulky
articles. 1 took iron, and if that be the case,!
think it washable to the very objection nowmade;
it was increasing the duties or taxes. If by any
form of language we can increase the taxes, or
duties, it is a bill like this of the Senator from
Mississippi to raise revenue. I am free to admit
that I am opposed to his proposition; I do not
think the Senate can originate such a bill; but I
think the objection lay with equal force on the
other side of the Chamber, and therefore 1 put
the question to the Senator from Vermont with
great respect, to see whether I was in error on
this point, and whether or not the distinction ex-
isted. I do not think the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and has been able to show any valid distinction
in principle between the present proposition and
the one which-received so large a vote yesterday.
I beg the Senate's pardon for having taken so
much time, when I did not intend to embark in
the debate originally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is:
Is the amendment offered by the Senator from
Mississippi in order ?
The amendment was decided not to be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pugh.]
Mr. POLK. I wish to take out of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio that part
of it which provides an appropriation for com-
pleting the St. Clair flats.
Mr. STUART. It is rather premature to pro-
pose that now.
Mr. POLK. I do not wish to offer it now, but
I desire to indicate my intention to propose that
amendment, because I cannot vote for anything
in this proposition except the improvement of the
St. Clair flats.
Mr. BIGLER. I understand the question to
be on theamendmentoffered by the Senator from
Ohio. Of course, the Senator from Missouri can
move an amendment to that if he chooses. If he
does not do so, I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out two items. I first propose
to strike out that which is known as Senate bill
No. 363, as the bills stand on the Calendar, mak-
ing appropriations for unforeseen contingencies
of lake harbors. The words that I move to strike
out are:
" Jhtd be U farther enacted, That there be. and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise uppropiiated, the Mim of $20,000 for unforeseen con
tingeneies of lake harbor-,, to be expended under the direc-
tion ot the Secretary of War."
Mr. SEWAP^D. I hope the amendment will
not prevail. It is only a way of defeating the
whole proposition.
Mr. CLAY. I think it is worth while to have
the yeas and nays on this amendment. There
are Senators on the other side of the Chamber
who generally object to allowing any discretion
to the Executive Departments in the expenditure
of money. They have preferred sometimes, as
I thought, just complaints against a Department
for the exercise of some discretion in the expend-
iture of money. They constantly complain about
deficiency bills. Now, the Department which has
the supervision of these works, has sent these
estimates to us and proposes that we shall give a
margin of $20,000 over and above these appio-
priations, to provide for unforeseen contingencies.
1 think it is a fair time to test the fidelity of some
gentlemen to the principles they profess as gov-
erning their action here; and therefore I ask that
the yeas and nays be taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. 1 wish to ask the Senator from
Alabama a single question. 1 ask him whether,
when he reported this bill, ho reported it upon an
estimate from one of the Departments?
Mr. CLAY. I did. They did not furnish any
details at all; but in reply to the question which 1
addressed, by instruction of the Committee of
Commerce, they returned me an estimate of the
funds demanded for certain works, and at the
close of those they say: " For unforeseen contin-
gencies of lake harbors, $20,000."
Mr. PUGII. That is the item. I think it i3
safe enough.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask whether the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, which proposes
to throw all these various improvements together
in one bill, is not divisible, and whether we can-
not callfor a division,and a separatevote on each
item ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I call for a division,
and ask for the yeas and nays on the first item.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. Before taking the vote, I mere-
ly wish to say that the expression, "the estimate
of the Department," conveys to the country at
large, and frequently to the ears of Senators, a
sentiment which is not just. As I understand the
case, the Department has not sent any estimate,
has not asked for any appropriation; but when
called upon by a committee to state what money
is required for a particular work, they send back
the estimate made in a bureau as an answer to the
committee, in dollars and cents, to the questions
which they put—not an estimate from the De-
partment in the sense in which we ordinarily use
the term.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Brodenck, Brown, Clay,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Hammond, Hayne, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Pearco,
Polk, Reid, Rice, ShdelI, Thompson of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Chandler, Collamer, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Durkee,* Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Harian, Houston, Jones, Kennedy, King, Pugh,
Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilson—97.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BIGLER. I propose to amend the amend-
ment in another point. It is due to myself to say
that I voted in committee against reporting the
items which I move to strike out. I now move
to strike out of this amendment the item known
as Senate bill No. 346, making appropriations for
the completion of the improvements of the Red
river raft.
Mr. POLK. I understood the effect of the call
by the Senator from Georgia for a separate vote
on each of these items as obviating the necessity
of such an amendment as that of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. IVERSON. I was very much disposed, a
little while ago, to call for that division, for this
is exceedingly nauseating medicine to me; and to
cram it down a man's throat at a single dose, seems
to me rather hard. I prefer to take it in broken
doses. I think we had better take one question at
a time; but I suppose it is very much like it waa
when I was a child, and was sick, and my mother
was administering medicine to me, she poked
the jalap and calomel at me, and I would shud-
der and revolt; but she would say, "you must
take it, my son; the doctor says it is good for
you." I presume the doctors on the other side
of the House, and especially the great doctor
fiom New York say, " you will have to take it;
it is good for you;" and therefore, I will with-
draw my motion to divide, and take it all down at
a single gulp. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia gave
us a very large dose when the Savannah river was
up, it will be recollected. [Laughter.]
Mr. IVERSON. I deny that I ever gave that.
The Senator does' not represent the facts.
Mr. PUGH. 1 recollect the Senator's speech;
I do not recollect his vote.
Mr. IVERSON. The appropriation for the
Savannah river was m.idc at a time when I was
not in Congress. The proposition which I made,
was simply to change the direction of the appro-
priation, and not to appropriate a cent.
Mr. PUGII. The Senator from Mississippi,
as Secretary of War, decided that it could not be
used for that purpose; and it was practically the
same thing as appropriating the money over again.
The Senator could not have got a cent of it with-
out a reappiopnation.
Mr. IVEtlSON. I voted against that very ap-
propriation in the other House.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Georgia
will admit that I am very good in taking my own
medicine, though administered by southern hands;
I vote for the Red river raft.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The question is on tlie amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to strike out of
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio the fol-
lowing words:
" JimJ be itjurtker enacted, That there lie, and is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Tiu.i^my not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of 110,000 for completing the
improvement m the raft re ion of Red river, to be expended
under the direction of the c:cuetai> of War."
Mr. PUGH. This is the only one of the pro-
visions reported by the Committee on Commerce
for an improvement within the southern States,
and I hope that my friends on the other side, if
they strike this provision out of the bill, will have
nothing more to say on the subject of its being a
sectional appropriation. I have only taken those
items which the committee reported. If I had
