428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
prayer that provision may be made in pursuance
of the prayer of the petition. It has been intrusted
to me, I doubt not, from the fact that Commodore
Parker, although he died at Philadelphia, was a
citizen, and a very valued citizen of Virginia. I
move the reference of the memorial to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Bancroft Woodcock, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Jo>eph Paul, 011 the files of
the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Noah Smith, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elizabeth Monroe, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Jehu Under-
wood, on the files of the Senate, be refei red to the Commit
tee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joshua Mercer, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following1 resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, be directed to consider if any changes are advisable
in the organization of the Post Otiice Department.
ENTRIES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the ptopuety of the parage of a law
making it the duiy of the Comuiidrfioncr of the Geneial Land
Office to send abstracts, quarteily, of all entries of public
land*,lying in each State and Teiutory, to thcGovernoi of
caeft respectively, applying for the same, and lepoit by bill
or otherwise.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary,
announcing that he had approved and signed an
act (S. No. 27) to detach Selma, m the State of
Alabama, from the collection district of New Or-
leans, and make it a port of delivery within the
collection district of Mobile.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom wore referred the me-
morial of the corporation of Georgetown, relative
to the improvement of the navigation at that place,
and the memorial of the said corporation relative
to improving the harbor of Georgetown, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of the directors of the Columbia Insti-
tution for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind, and the petition of sundry citizens
of the District of Columbia, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill to amend 45 An act to incor-
porate the Columbia Institution for the support of
the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, "approved the
lUth of February, 1857. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 14) authorizing the appointment of
commissioners to examine into the difficulties in
the affairs of the Territory of Utah, with a view
to their settlement; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 15) authorizing a renewal of cer-
tain contracts for carrying the mails on the Mis-
sissippi river; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODERICK, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 98) to authorize and direct the pay-
ment of certain moneys into the treasury of the
State of California, which were collected in the
ports of said State as a'revenue upon imports since
the ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
prior to the admission of said State into the Union;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS submitted, as presenting the views
of the minority of the select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, the form of an amendment, which
he gavo notice of his intention to move as an
amendment to the bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the
President of the United States to contract for the
transportation of the mails, troops, seamen, mu-
nitions of war, Army and Navy supplies, and all
other Government service, by railroad from the
Missouri river to San Francisco; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GW1N. I desire to have printed with the
substitute of the Senator from Mississippi, some
copies of the original bill which was some time
since reported by the select committee. The
edition which was printed is exhausted; and as
copies will be required when the bill comes up for
consideration on Monday next, I move that the
usual number be again printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OHIO LEGISLATURE ON KANSAS.
Mr. PUGH. I present resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Oluo, relative to the affairs of
the Territory of Kansas. As my colleague wishes
to make some remarks upon tkem, I move that
they he upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I do not propose
to make any extended remarks on these very ex-
traordinary resolutions at this or at any time; but
they are extraordinary m their character, incon-
gruous in themselves, and, I fear, not very rep-
utable to the State.
Mr. HALE. Let them be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolutions.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Senate Joint Resolutions relative to Kansas Jljfairs.
Rewired hi} the General ^Assembly of the State of Ohio,
That we tiill have enure confidence m the diHnterestcd-
ness«, the integrity, ami the ability ot the pic eat Chief
Magistiatc of these United .States, and thathn admimstia-
tion commands our coidtnl and undivided support.
Resolved, That wo Mill adhere to andreatfnm all the doc-
Uinc3 of the Cincinnati platioim.
Resolved, That wo rctjard the refusal of the Lecompton
convention to submit the constitution framed by them to
the bona Jidc people of that Territory, as unwise, and un-
fortunate foi the peace of that Territoi}-, and we hueby
declaie it to be oui unalterablejudgment that every consti-
tution of a new State, unless otherwise directed by the peo-
ple, ougiit to be submitted to the bona fide electors of such
Temtoty for their approval or rejection.
Resolved, That our Senators m Congress are heiebyin-
stiueted, and our Representative* arc hereby requested, to
vote against the admission of Kaunas into the Union under
the Lecompton, or any nthei constitution that lias not pio-
ceeded fiom the people by a clear delegation of power to
the convention totoim and put m operation .such consti-
tution, without a fuither sanction of the people ; or which
has not been submitted to, and approved by, a vote of the
people.
Reso'vcd, That the Governor be heieby requested to for-
watd to cach of our Senator* and Representatives m Con-
gress, a copy of these resolutions foitliwith.
WILLIAM B. WOODS,
Speaker of the lib use of Rtpt csentative s.
MARTIN WELKER,
President of the Senate.
January 20, 1858.
We heieby certify that the within lesohitions have passed
both branches of the General Assembly, have been enrolled
and &urned bv the i elective pie?idmg\)tlieerss thereof, and
deposited m the olFics of the Secretary of State.
CHARLES W. BLAIR,
Clerk of the Senate.
JOHN W. KEES,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
January 21, 1858.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have said that
I feared these resolutions were not reputable, be-
cause they do not speak out with that manly
independence with which the-Legislature ofasov-
ereign State should ever speak upon any question
sufficiently important to elicit their observation
at all. Why do they go on to indoiso the Presi-
dent, and say they have special confidence in his
Administration, and pledge themselves to support
evei(y jot and tittle of that Adm.nistration, when
they in tend finally to instruct us here to go against
the only great darling measure the Administra-
tion has ever presented? Why could they not
have come directly to the question at issue, and,
with that calm dignity which becomes a sovereign
State, declare and announce their purpose and
their instructions and their will, in reference to
any matter pending here which it became the
duty of their representatives to act upon? Why
declare that they have the fullest confidence in all
its measures, while it was the purpose and end
of their resolutions that with a stern determina-
tion their representatives here shall beard him,
and oppose him to the death on his one great
darling measure ? They are disreputable because
they have not spoken out like men conscious of
their independence.
I did not rise for the purpose of arguing the
reasons that led to their instructing us at all; they
have been argued by others: in my judgment the
question is not a debatable one. I never proposed
to debate it at all. It fs no less than this: The
President, in his message, announces a determin-
ation not only to prohibit the people of a Terri-
tory from making the constitution under which
they are to live, but that it is his purpose to forcc
upon them one made by their enemies and sought
to be crammed down their throats, if necessary,
by Federal bayonets. When such a proposition
as that is made, I leave others to debate it. This
old issue was joined in the Revolution, and the
argument was made on Bunker Hill; and I pro-
pose, if it comes to that, to resume that same ar-
gument where our fathers left it. It will not bear
an argument at all. When any portion of the
American people are so lost to all spirit that they
would for one moment stand off to argue a ques-
tion of this kind, their liberties are not worth pre-
serving. I do not rise to argue such a question
as that; but it was such a question, looming up in
the distance, that attracted the attention of the
Ohio Legislature and led to the making of these
instructions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks for a moment. The Chair,
under the rule, must announce that the hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. WADE. I have nothing further to say of
any consequence. I shall not take more than a
few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the Senator will proceed.
Several Senators. "Go on."
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, bowing thw proud
head of a sovereign State, they descend to speak
of party platforms, to which they show their de-
votion. I should not have alluded to party policy
m connection with the acts of a sovereign State,
if these resolutions had not introduced the sub-
ject. Why, sir, did they step aside from their
legitimate business, to remdoiso what they call
"the Cincinnati platform?" Is that in accord-
ance with the dignity of a sovereign State, when
she.undertakes to instruct her Representatives
and Senators in relation to their duty hcie?
They show their devotion, too. to the Execu-
tive! Why, sir, if he shall persist in what they
intimate is his purpose and intention, he is a ty-
rant, and deserves the frowns and reprobation of
! every man. _ They tell us that they have the utmost
! confidence in the Executive, and that they will
[ adheie to all his measures; yet, m the next place,
j they tell us that what he i's attempting to do is
, unfortunate; that it tends to a bleach of the pcace,
and to stir up civil war. They do not lose their
i confidence in him; they say they ha\e the most
J perfect confidence m his ability and his integrity;
| that they adhere to all his measures; and then
' they instruct us to throw his message in his face.
! I am ready to do it, sir. [Laughter.] Unfortu-
: nate, indeed, it was that the attempt was made to
| frame a constitution behind the back of a people,
1 and to fasten it on their necks without their assent.
; They say that this was " unfoituate;" and that
it is "unfortunate," also, in the President to
, announce it as his purpose to carry out the fraud-
ulent design. Yes, sir, it was exceedingly " un-
fortunate." Was it not a little worse than un-
fortunate, if the President of the United States is
responsible ? I do not know that he is considered
