1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
claim the protection of the United States. We
We have a striking illustration of this in the Kosz-
ta case, where Mr. Marcy gave an able opinion
that when an individual had only declared his
intention to become a citizen, the United States
took cognizance of the case and gave him protec-
tion. We see, then, the importanceof becoming
a citizen of the United States, though the indi-
vidual may not have the privileges conferred upon
a voter in any one of the several States. But it
seems to me we run the thing into confusion; it
may be that I am confused myself. The Consti-
tution further provides:
" The citizens of each State"—
not of the United States—
" shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of cit-
izens in the several States."
Now what has that to do with conferring upon
a foreigner the privilege of going into any one of
the sovereign States and voting, unless he pos-
sesses the qualifications required by that State?
I think one meaning of that clause of the Consti-
tution is this: it was intended to prevent the States
from discriminating between each other. For in-
stance, take North Carolina; it was intended that
she should not pass a law conferring privileges
upon the citizens of New York or Pennsylvania
that the citizens of the other States would not be
entitled to exercise upon coming into her borders.
It is to prevent one State from discriminating be-
tween citizens of the different States; in fact, it
has no reference to a citizen of the United States.
It was to prevent Tennessee, for instance, from
passing a law saying that Massachusetts should
not bring her articles into Tennessee, and that
Pennsylvania might bring hers. This provision
of the Constitution covers the case, and provides
that the citizens of Pennsylvania and Massachu-
setts coming into Tennessee shall exercise priv-
ileges alike. It does not say that they shall come
into Tennessee and exercise all the privileges of
citizens of Tennessee in reference to voting, or
anything else, but that they shall be treated alike
in Tennessee if they go there.
The distinction is clear. There are many rea-
sons why a man may be a citizen of the United
States, and strong reasons, too, and yet not be
admitted as a qualified voter of a State. This pro-
vision of the Constitution is often quoted inaccu-
rately, and still more inaccurately understood. It
is said that citizens going out of their own State
are entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the State to which they go. That
is not the Constitution, but it is that citizens of
the different States shall all exercise the same
privileges in a State into which they may go. So
we see thatdoes notcoverthe idea now presented,
that if a citizen of the United States emigrates
into one of the States, he is entitled to go to the
polls and vote, unless he has the qualifications
prescribed by that State.
There were scarcely any two States composing
the Confederacy at the formation of the Govern-
ment, in which the qualification of voters was ex-
actly alike. This shows that it was not intended
to bring about uniformity.* Some States required
a man to be a freeholder; others required a cer-
tain amount of personal property. The States
even differed as to the ai?e at which persons should
be qualified to vote. Hut. if the dor.trme now ad-
vanced be true, when a man is once a citizen of
the United States, every State into which he goes
is compelled to let him vote, regardless of every
other qualification which its laws may proscribe.
Upon this point I will say that I am not m favor
of admitting everybody to vote without the re-
quisite qualifications; but I desire it to be dis-
tinctly understood, at the same time, that I do not
sanction the doctrines which are promulgated by
a party that recently sprang up 111 the country and
has as rapidly passed away. I disclaim all power
on the part of the Congress of the United States
to interfere with the right of a State to fix the
qualification of its voters; and although I might
object to the qualification fixed m the constitution
of Minnesota, that is a matter to be determined,
not by Congress, but by the people of Minnesota.
Repealing ihe language of my honorable friend
liom Texas, but making a somewhat different
.•implication of it, J hold* the doctrine that power
it sides wifh the people, and it is for the people
of each State to fix the qualifications of voters in
that State, and not for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States.
A great deal has been said in reference to for-
eigners. Some of them are unfortunate; some of
them drift upon our shores, and they are not ex-
actly the description of population we should like;
but it seems to me that we might find a better, a
higher, a loftier theme on which to let forth our
eloquence than to abuse and appeal to the preju-
dices of the country about a few foreigners who
may comc to our land. The whole idea seems to
be that if they were kept here twenty-one years
in a degraded condition, degraded from the fact of
being excluded from the exercise of the privileges
of a citizen, you would thereby improve them and
qualify them much better to go to the ballot-box.
Mr. President, when you examine the true philos-
ophy of that question, the converse of that propo-
sition is precisely true. Your naturalization law,
as it now stands, cannot be much bettered. It re-
quires a man to file his declaration of intention
three years before he becomes a citizen, and he
must remain in the United States five years; he
must furnish proof before one of the courts of the
country that he is a man of good moral character;
that he is attached to your institutions, and to your
republican form ofgovernment. Hemustgive such
evidence of his attachment to the country, and of
his moral character, as the court will be satisfied
with,and upon beingsatisfied with it, the courtad-
ministers to him theproper oaths, and he becomes
a citizen of the United States. If a man, coming
into this country, cannot show to your courts that
he is of good moral character, that he is devoted to
the institutions of your country, if he is a bad
man, if he is an immoral man, if he is in favor of
despotism and opposed to the institutions of this
country, is not five years long enough to keep him
here? Oh! no, say this new parly, let us keep
him twentv-on^ years. I say that as soon as a man
can fui nish evidence thatlui is qualified to become
a citizen, both as to his charactcrand his devotion
to our free institutions, the better for him, and
the better for the country to let him be a citizen.
Five years is toolot)£  to keep a bad man; twenty-
one years is a great dr.il worse. Instead of keep-
ing them lioref won ty-one years before they should
become citizens of the United States, the truedoc-
trinc would be to compel them, in five years, to
show that they were men of good moral charac-
ter, deve.tod to the institutions of the country, and
fit to become citizens, and if they are not, they
should leave the country. I would make them
citizens at the earliest moment. There is really
nothing in the question of time when squared by
sound philosophy. One man may remain here
one hundred years and never be qualified, while
another, fiom a knowledge of your institutions,
fiom an admiration of your government, from his
good moral character, may be qualified, for citi-
zenship the instant he places his foot upon our
shores. I think the five years fixed by the nat-
uralization laws now is a reasonable time, and
gives an opportunity for the ascertainment of the
fact upon which the issuing of his naturalization
papers depends. That fact is that he is of good
moral charactcrand devoted to the institutions of
the country, and when the court is satisfied of that
fact with reference to any man, I say let him be-
come a citizen; and if ho cannot show that he is
fit to become a citizen at the end of five years, that,
is long enough to keep hun here.
I sbnll vote for the admission of Minnesota into
the Union, because I believe her constitution, tak-
ing its leading features, is republican in its char-
acter; and considering that all power resides with
the people, it is for them m their own States, and
not for Congress, to fix the qualification of their
voters. !
Mr. BROWN. I wish to express my concur- j
rence in the main views of the Senator from Tex- i
as. I think his position exactly right. He votes !
for the admission of Minnesota, with a protest!
against the improper features of her constitution, \
I "join in that protest; and if I had the slightest f
dream that my vote was to be construed into an j
indorsementof the constitution, I would withhold ;
it, or put it upon the other side. But I desire to 1
ask the Senator from Texas whether he approves ■
of that other remarkable feature of this consti- :
tution, upon which he did not comment, which j
grants to Indians who have adopted the habits of!
civilization the right of suffrage. My friend is the |
especial champion of the aboriginal tribes here,
and whenever you strike an Indian you seem to
make a personal issue \yith my friend.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has not been
suspected of striking at Indians himself. Though
he lived in their neighborhood, I always under-
stood him to be very kind to them. I will assure
him that I do most cordially approve of the pro-
vision. I think it very important. I will barely
remark that those Indian tribes who had oppor-
tunities of organizing themselves into communi-
ties, are quite as civilized and as well regulated as
we are ourselves, and I think it well to encourage
them whenever they evincc a disposition to be-
come civilized and Christianized.
Mr. BROWN. That is well enough as a sort
of general reply; but the language of the Minne-
sota constitution is that Indians who have adopt-
ed the habits and customs of civilization shall
be allowed to vote. That kind of phraseology,
it seems to me, lets in all the Inaians of the
country. All you have to do is to catch a wild
Indian in all Minnesota, give him a hat, a pair of
pantaloons, and a bottle of whisky, and he would
then have adopted the habits of civilization, and
be a good voter. [Laughter.] Whole tribes will
be carded up to vote in this way.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the way they did
vote.
Mr. "BROWN. The Senator from Maine says
that is the way they did vote. This, however, is
the business of Minnesota, not mine. I think it
all wrong; and if I had any power to correct it,
or any right to interpose, 1 would do so. This
feature of her constitution is infinitely more objec-
tionable to me than that one which tolerates for-
eigners m exercising the right of suffrage. I agree
with theScnator from Texas, and other Senators,
that men who have not taken the oath of allegi-
ance to the Government, ought not to participate
in its elections, State or national; but I would
much rather—and there I differ from the Senator
from Texas—give to the least gifted of those who
come to ourshores, or, in the language of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, who are drifted here, and
the least educated of them, the right of voting
after they get here, than to confer the same light
on these brcechlcss savages, who are made to
adopt the habits of civilization, in the language of
this constitution, on the day of election, by put-
ting on the garb of white men, to b? doffed the
hour after the election is over.
But 1 know of no way by which you can cor-
rect this evil; I know of no authority in Congress
to strike this clause from the constitution; and if
you had the power to do it, I know enough of the
lelcitions existing between the Federal and State
governments to know that, if Minnesota is in love
with it, she can put it back to-morrow, and then,
being entirely independent of the action of Con-
gress, it would remain there. I simply content
myself, therefore, with protesting against it, and
protesting that no one is to assume that I indorse
it when 1 vote to admit this State into the Union.
While I do not concur in the reasoning of the
Senator from Texas, I do concur in his main con-
clusions. I think that a State may authorize a
foreigner to vote without his being naturalized; J
think a State may authorize a civilized Indian to
vote; but certainly it is going a great way to as-
sume that when he has simply adopted the habits
of civilization, you are to allow him to vote, with-
outdefining what shall be considered an adoption
of the habits of civilization. If he is not taxed,
youcannotenumeratc him; you cannot even count
him in making up the sum of population ; and yet
he can vote. You give him the right of suffrage,
and you do not even enumerate him as one of the
population of the State. That is carrying the
thing a great way. But if he is a foreigner in-
habiting the country, you must enumerate him;
and if the State chooses, it may confer on him the
right of suffrage; but the right conferred in Mas-
sachusetts cannot be carried by the same man to
Virginia, unless he has taken the oath of alle-
giance. It is a citizenship of the United States,
and notof a particular State, that confers on him
the right of suffrage. If he be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, then he may be a citizen of any one of
the States, and must stond upon the same foot-
ing in Virginia that a native son of Massachusetts
would stand.
I understand that clause of the Constitution
