1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ft
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Internal Improvements—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
made my own selection, I would have named
several other riversin the SouthjbutI warn them
this is the only one they have in my amendment;
and if they choose to strike it out, it is their own
Mr. MASON. I have not looked at the prop-
osition, but if the Senator represents it correctly,
and there is but one appropriation in it for the
whole South, X ask what could be more sectional
than it is before striking out this item ?
Mr. PUG H. I stated to the Senate that I had
not offered to introduce any bill for beginning or
continuing a work; but the Committee on Com-
merce have reported to us from the War Depart-
ment certain estimates for the protection and pres-
ervation of works already commenced, and this
is the only one they have reported for the South.
I wish there were two or three more in the south-
ern States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I differ with the Senator from
New York. I do not take measures like this any
more in the South than in the North. Believing
the system to be essentially wrong both in prin-
ciple and in policy, I would apply the same rule
to the Red river, as to the northern lakes. It is
said that these items are all in accordance with the
estimates of the Department, and have been re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce. So far
as their being reported is concerned, it was done
in obedience to an almost peremptory order of the
Senate. A majority of the committee, of which
majority I was not one, determined to report
them; I would never have reported one of them.
You might have taken the bills out of committee
so far as I was concerned, but I would never agree
to report one of them. This measure is probably
about as good as the Chicago improvement, ac-
cording to the account of the Senator from Illi-
nois, only probably a little worse. I have no idea
that the work will ever be finished. They have
been drawing out the logs from Red river for the
last twenty years. I suppose the improvement
will have its incidental advantages to the people
of the United States. Perhaps, it will benefitthc
wool-grower in Vermont, because the people in
the Red river region will want woolen clothes.
"Working in the water and spending $110,000
there, will help the wool of Vermont! That is the
idea now; but as for this improvement helping
anybody in the region where it is made, that is a
delusion. I have paid some attention to it, for it
is an old customer; it has been here ever since I
have been in Congress. I suppose if you spent a
$1,000,000 and got this raft out, you might have
good navigation for two or three months of the
year, but the first flood that came would bring the
logs all back again. -It is the same case with these
other works.
The truth about the Chicago harbor seems to be
that if you run your pier out into the lake three
hundred yards this year, you must run it out five
hundred next year, and seven hundred the next
year, and so on until you run it across the lake.
If you are to throw away money fur the benefit
of particular localities, 1 want a fair division.
If you are going to distribute money in this way,
you ought to distribute it more generally oyer
the United States, north as well as south. Nine
tenths of the bills which have been reported, I
think are for the lakes. The enterprising gen-
tleman from New York, imagines that he is
serving his constituents by getting alarge amount
of money spent in that State. I think he will be
able, by the aid of the Senate, to protect Gerrit
Smith's wharf property; and no doubthe would
vote $800,000 with much more pleasure than
$80,000; but I think the people of the North
had better look to these schemes. Not one of
these bills is for New England unless they sup-
pose they are to be generally benefited by taking
money from the public Treasury and spending it
somewhere. I do not see any other advantage
they have.
If you go on the idea of sections, as my friend
from Ohio seems to do, the injustice is still more
apparent; but this is not a sectional question.
This system is as much plunder of the agricul-
turist and laboring man in New York as in Geor-
gia, but the idea is put forth that it is a sectional
question, so as to combine the North, I think
southern men have done injury to this and other
questions, by charging them to be northern meas-
ures, and therefore making a great many northern
people believe that they are benefited by them.
In fact they are as injurious to a man in one por-
tion of the United States as in another, unless he is
located immediately at the spot where the public
money is expended or has wharves to be pro-
tected . There is no t a particle of difference between
the Massachusetts man and the Georgian in that
respect.
Not one of these bills is for the Atlantic coast.
It is a singular fact that the engineer department,
when called upon to state what amounts were
necessary to preserve existing works, sent in es-
timates nearly altogether for the lakes. I think
the majority of the committee determined to re-
port these billfc because they fell within the prin-
ciple of preserving existing works. I know that,
at the last Congress, the Senate passed above
sixty bills, all of which failed in the House of
Representatives, except five, and I think they
were all for continuing existing improvements;
at least that was the policy on which they started.
I resisted them then one by one as I came to
them, as I shall do in this case so far as I think
it necessary to bring public attention to them.
This is a mere conspiracy , if I may so term it. It
is not by any means sectional, but it is appealing
to local interests. The gentlemen who live on
the Ohio and the Mississippi unite with those
who live on the lakes as a general rule, and all
others having rivers in their neighborhood that
they want improved.
Where these improvements are to be made, a
large amount of public opinion is manufactured
by those who have wharves to protect and town
lots to sell. A combination is made to get money
out of the Treasury. It is not sectional at all; it
extends all over the United States. The Arkan-
sas river has had appropriations from time to
time; and so has the Red river,and the inouth of
the Mississippi. At the last Congress it was pro-
posed to appiopriate $600,000,1 think, or it may
have been $900,000, to complete the improvement
at the mouth of the Mississippi; but it was re-
duced to $300,000 for one year, and in that form
passed, over a presidential veto. I have noticed
that the votes of members are affected according
to their locations on the rivers or at the harbors
proposed to be improved. This is the general rule;
it is not universal, for some few who live there do
not support the system. In New England, for
many years past there have been very few of these
improvements; many of their harbors are very
good ones. Take New Hampshire; her port is
a fine one; it needs nothing to be done. Maine
has some very good ports, and occasionally they
get an appropriation for some of them; and all
along down the shore they come in for shares.
This time the western rivers are left out. I do not
think the Ohio gets anything now.
Mr. PUGH. Not a cent.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Ohio river is quiet this
time. They either have stopped mending the
works or they are not amendable—they are not
even within the statute of jeofails, and I think
that will be the case with a great many of your
improvements, on which you have spent twenty
or thirty million dollars. Where are the monu-
ments to the skill of Congress in improving rivers
and harbors ? According to the accounts we re-
ceive, all these works are in the most dilapidated
condition; we are called upon to appropriate for
them now, immediately, quickly, instantly, at the
heel of the session; and the Senator from New
York wants the session prolonged, because if aid
is not given now, this moment, the works will
go to utter rum. These are the magnificent mon-
, uments to the genius and wisdom of that policy
by which you attempt to build up these improve-
ments from the public money. The most lament-
able account of a set of rickety, broken down,
inefficient works the world ever saw, you will find
in the reports of the condition of these improve-
ments. Everything is washed away; everything
is broken down: and unless you do something
instantly the whole thing will be ruined. That
is the history of these works. That is the reason
of it. Because you have attempted to make ports
where nature made none; because you have at-
tempted to improve rivers, when, according to
any known plan, it was impossible to improve
them; and the only effect has been to put money
in the pockets of contractors and others, to spend
it in localities.
I want an opportunity to record my testimony
against the Red river improvement. I wish tJiere
was a bill for the Arkansas, having a more im-
mediate interest of my own on the banks of that
river, that I might vote against it; but I will take
the nearest to it—the Red river. I vote against
them all, in whole and in detail, singly and to-
gether. Of course I would put in a hundred more
works, if I could hurt the bill by doing so; but I
despair of being able to break down the bill in that
way. I believe the more money you get into such
a bill, the stronger it would be with the great body
of the coalition of Black Republicans and what!
consider fishy Democrats, who sustain these meas-
ures. I may be one of that class of Democrats
myself, [laughter,] but I say that is the coalition
which has carried these measures for two or three
years past.
Mr. HOUSTON. Prom some little knowl-
edge of the Red river, I am inclined to think that
all the money you have spent on it for the last
twenty years has been thrown away, and the
river has been always getting worse. From the
time of Shreve, all the efforts that have been
made to improve the river have been unavailing;
and I am inclined to think the result of spending
the $110,000 now proposed to be appropriated for
it, will result in the same way. If you want to
spend money on the southern waters, I could
point out some that would really be benefited by
an appropriation; but this is a most inauspicious
time to revive the old experiments-on Red river.
They have died out, been resuscitated, and died
out again. There has been a succession of deaths
and resurrections of projects to throw away
money on Red river. I must confess that I am
not in favor of it. 1 have not had an opportunity
of consulting the Senators or Representatives
from Louisiana; but this river is a boundary to
the State in which I reside and represent, and it
is very strange that I should not have gained
some information about it. I should be very glad
if the bill were laid over for the present—unless
there is some urgent reason to the contrary—and
that it be allowed to lie on the table until I can
look into the matter, and see what amount has
been unavailingly expended, and what is neces-
sary to complete it according to the report of the
engineers, and who the engineers were, and what
plan is to produce the advantage they anticipate.
I hope the bill will be suffered to lie over for the
present.
Mr. ALLEN. As one of the members of the
Committee on Commerce, I have to state that
$3,500,000, or more, were applied for, for repairs
and extensions of works, and the committee con-
sidered that an appropriation of that amount could
not possibly be made in the present situation of
the Treasury. Accordingly, they requested the
War Department to inform them what sum would
be necessary to keep in repair works already in
existence; and the Department sent a communi-
cation, on which the committee have acted, and
reported bills to the amount of about five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have, for many years,
voted forappropnations to clear out the Red river;
but I am entirely unacquainted with the effects
that have been produced by the attempts to re-
move the raft, and render the river navigable. If
any gentleman has any such information, I should
like to receive it; for, though I think navigable
rivers are very proper subjects for all the improve-
ments we can bestow on them within our reason-
able means; yet I am not disposed to vote a sin-
gle dollar that cannot be usefully applied. I came
to the conclusion, some years ago, that it was im-
practicable to remove-tliis raft; that you might,
for a little time, open a way for a boat; but that
the next flood would close it up again; and that
it,would be infinitely cheaper to make a canal, or
adopt any other mode of transportation, than to
be at the continually recurring expense of open-
ing through the raft a passage for boats. I do
not know what has been done, nor do I know
what this $110,000 will accomplish; and on that
subject I desire information before I vote.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 cannot state the present con-
dition of the work, but I can probably give the
Senator from Kentucky some part of the inform-
