1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M9
responsible for his acts; but we will hold those
responsible who act upon his suggestions, andgo
forward to fasten on the necks of an unwilling
people a constitution with the making of which
they have had nothing to do. On that principle
of law which holds a man responsible for com-
mitting crime through an irresponsible agent, we
hold them responsible. If, indeed, the Piesident
is unfortunate in not having the spirit and the
power to dictate his own measures, then we will
bold those responsible for his acts who may be
supposed to move him to action.
'.These resolutions refer to a platform outside,
and they indorse it. We know, then, who it was
that passed these resolutions; and, in justice to
the Republican party, let me say that these res-
olutions have had no countenance, no support, no
acquiescence, from them. They were crowded
down the throats of the Republican party there
by a majority, who dared not face the scorn and
contempt that would have been heaped on them
had they permitted the liberty of speech.
So much as to the manner exhibited in the adop-
tion of these resolutions. As to the matter of the
last one, I find no fault with it. If they had con-
fined themselves to that; if they had thrown aside
all party platforms; if they had refrained from
bespattering with flattery the President of the
United States; if they had abstained from the in-
dorsement of outside partisan creeds, they would
have found no division of sentiment in the Legis-
lature nor out of the Legislature; for, in the State
of Ohio, there is but one side to this question.
The brave and generous people of Ohio would
speak out directly, without obsequiously seeking
the favor of any man, President though he be.
Boldly and independently they would announce
their will, and ask us to act in accordance with it.
Those who passed these resolutions have felt com-
pelled at last to come to that, and, in their final
resolution, they instruct their representatives here
to go to the death against your Lecompton con-
stitution, or any other constitution that is sought
to be fastened upon the necks of an unwilling
people by a tyrannical Executive. So far, all the
people of Ohio, of all parties, are agreed.
What I object to is the manner in which this
subject has been approached. These resolutions
were earned through our Legislature under the gag
rule; and what is very singular, although I think
itismore than ten days since they were passed—
and on the plea that there was the most absolute
necessity they should be crowded immediately
through, no argument or debate on the subject
was allowed—thoy have slept in some man's
breeches pocket from that day to this. They are
unwillingly here, and I do not wonder at it; for I
believe that any man, when he looks at these res-
olutions—the workmanship of his own hands—
will not be ambitious to figure with them on the
theater of the nation. In the manner in which
they are presented, they are not in accordance
with the wishes of the people of Ohio. They are
an honest, generous, and brave people, and they
speak their minds without any condition or quali-
fication. They are not a people to flatter a tyrant
before they dare order their troops to resist him.
I have thought it was due to myself to say thus
much on account of the incongruity and the very
extraordinary character of the resolutions. Do
they ask me to indorse that portion of them
which bespatters the President with fulsome flat-
tery ? Is that my part of them, ur is that the part
of my colleague ? lean hardly go thatpart of the
resolutions. And, again, I can hardly indorse
the " Cincinnati platform." I do not know but
that may be for me, [laughter,] butthere I shall be
foundunwilling,and shall require the very strong-
est instructions. [Renewed laughter.] cut when
you come to the " unfortunate" part of it, that is
too mild for my temperament altogether. It may
suit my colleague to say that the President is un-
fortunate in persisting m foicing on the people a
constitution which they detest and abhor; but I say
it is downright tyranny and knavery, and de-
mands the sternest rebuke of every man. If per-
sisted in, it will demand not argument, but action.
Then they approach a subject on which I am
with thosegentlemen,and I hope my colleague is so
too. I am ready to go with the Legislature of Ohio,
in resisting unto the death your Lecompton con-
stitution, or any other constitution that is sought
to be fastened on an unwilling people, against the
votes of more than three fourths of diem; for at
this day, there is no mist hanging over this ques-
tion at all. We know how it is. The people of
Kansas have measured their strength too often
to leave us at all in doubt as to what is the will
of the people; and whoever is the advocate for
fastening on them this Lecompton constitution,
does it in cold blood, from his own tyrannical im-
pulses, and a determination to deprive the Amer-
ican people of that which has never been sought
to be taken away from any portion of them from
the revolutionary period to tlie present. It is the
first attempt, and, Mr. President, I say it must be
the last.
Mr. PUGH. It is only necessary for me to
say that I shall not detain the Senate at this time,
with the special order before it, to make any ob-
servations on these resolutions. My purpose is, |
when the Lecompton constitution shall be pre- :
sented, to express my views at length. I shall
then say what I have to say on the subject-matter
of these resolution^, &nd I shall probably find it
my duty to correct my colleague in one or two
little matters of fact connected with their passage.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is before the Senate.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION-
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee on the Judiciary reported
a resolution to the Senate, on the 2Jst of January,
which has lain over until the present time. I do
not see in his seat the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who is opposed to
the resolution; but, unless it is the desire of those
who are opposed to it that it should stand over
further, I conceive it my duty to call it up, be-
cause it is a resolution simply to authorize the
taking of testimony, and lam not willing that the
delay should rest with the majority of the com-
mittee. It is a privileged motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will give
his impression to the Senate on the point of order.
The special order (being the bill S. No. 70) is
before the Senate, and has been taken up. These
other proceedings were had by unanimous con-
sent. I suppose it will require a motion to post-
pone the special order before the privileged ques-
tion can come up.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the debate on the bill to
increase the Army will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no wish to press the
matter, if those who are opposed to the resolution
which has been reported by the committee desire
that it shall stand over until the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont is in his seat.
Mr. FOSTER. I will state that the Senator
from Vermont, to whom the Senator from Del-
aware alludes, is confined to his room by sick-
ness, and requested me, if the resolution was called
up, to ask that it might he over for a day or two.
He will undoubtedly be able to attend in his place
by to-morrow, or the next day at the furthest.
T-te is now confined by illness.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the special order, if there is no prob-
ability of the honorable Senator from Vermont
being here.
Mr. FOSTER. He will not be here to-day.
Mr. FOOT. I will say to the Senator from
Delaware, and to the Senate, that I called upon
my colleague just before the meeting of the Sen-
ate this morning, and learned from him that he
is detainedsolely by indisposition. I think, how-
ever, and that was his own opinion, that he will
be able to be in attendance in a day or two, and
he desires to be present when that subject shall
be brought up for consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I will let it stand with pleas-
ure until the honorable Senator from Vermont
comes into the Senate.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
States; the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first section of
the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Is it in order to offer a substitute
for the whole bill now?
The VICE PRESI DENT. No, sir, not at this
moment.
Mr. GWIN. Can I not move to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert a new bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the practice of the Senate has been to
give an opportunity to perfect the bill first.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment will not be
in order until the original bill be perfected; but I
am perfectly willing to test the Senator's amend-
ment, if it be the pleasure of the Senate. Now,
however, it is not in order, the parliamentary rule
being that the original bill must be perfected be-
fore a substitute for the whole can be offered; but
if it be the pleasure of the Senate, I am content
that the question shall be tested on the Senator's
amendment.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. In addition to the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, now
pending, there is an amendment offered by the
Senator from New York.
Mr. GWIN. I send my substitute to the Sec-
retary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read for
information.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am willing to waive my
amendment. I want a vote on the proposition of
the Senator from California. We can probably
legislate more properly after we have put our
opinion on record as to the addition of five regi-
ments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the substitute intended to be proposed by the
Senator from California.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and probably the Senator from New York
will withdraw his, for the purpose of enabling the
Senator from California to move his amendment
as a testquestion. It is unnecessary to go on per-
fecting the bill,if that amendment is to be adopted.
1 want a decided expression on that point, so that
we may know what we are to do.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my amendment
for that purpose, with that understanding.
Mr. GWIN. I now offer my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California proposes to offer an amendment; to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That there shall be added to the Army one regunent of
dragoons, one regiment of mounted riflemen, and three
regiments of infantry; five surgeons, and ten assistant sur-
geons.
Slc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, herein au-
thorized to be appointed or enlisted, shall be governed by
the luies and articles of war which havfi bnen established
by law, or by such rules and articles as may hereafter be
established by law, and shall be subjeeuo all the provisions
and emitled to all the benefits of ail laws applying to offi-
cers, troops or eoips, of tiie same denomination in the ex-
isting establishment.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President,it is known that
the Secretary of War has recommended the propo-
sition which is embodied in my amendment. He
asks for an increase of the Army by the addition
of five regiments. He thinks that addition is
necessary to enable him to conduct the military
affairs of the country, and I think it is proper
there should be a direct vote of the Senate on the
proposition, as brought before us by the head of
the Department. I confess I would prefer, if we
could so approach the subject, that these five regi-
ments should be raised during the war, if there
is a war with the Mormons, rather than add fi^e
regiments permanently to the standing Army;
but I prefer, if we are to increase the Army, that
we shall add full regiments, instead of agreeing
to the proposition reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs. I believe we want more staff-
officers. It is well known that on the redaction
of the Army, at the termination of the war with
Mexico, we had twenty-five general officers, by
brevet and by original rank. Sixteen of those
are dead; one has resigned; one has been dis-
missed from the Army, and we have but seven
now. If we are to have a war with the Mormons,
I think we shall need more staff officers than we
have at present. It is well known that a number
of regiments in the Mexican war were com-
manded by majors and captains; there were no
colonels for many regiments. If we are to increase
the Army, I think it had better be done after the
manner proposed by the Secretary of War. I
have offered the amendment for the purpose of
having a vote on it, not intending to go into the
discussion.
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; and they were ordered.
