1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
quoted by my friend from Tennessee, to mean-
that Virginia cannot make a distinction between
the adopted and native-born citizens of Massa-
chusetts; that she cannot confer a privilege on the
Senator from Massachusetts, and deny the same
privilege to a citizen of that State, who has been j
naturalized under the laws of Congress, though j
he was born in France, or Spain, or Ireland. If |
he be a citizen of the State, without regard to
birth, he carries with him all the privileges of any
other citizen. No distinction is to be made in
Virginia between citizens of Massachusetts, of
native or of foreign birth. That is what I under-
stand by it. In other words, Virginia cannot say
that the native-born citizens of Massachusetts
shall vote, and that the adopted citizens, if they
are citizens of the United States, made so under
the act of Congress, shall not vote; but if they be
simply and alone authorized to vote by the laws
of Massachusetts, then they do not carry that
local right to any one of the other States: that is
not being a citizen. The right of voting and the
rights of citizenship are two things separate and
distinct. The right of suffrage does not necessa-
rily involve the right of citizenship. The right
of citizenship does involve the right to vote, be-
cause that is a right which belongs to every citi-
zen, and cannot be taken from one class and de-
nied to another class—that is all. You cannot
deny the naturalized citizen the right of suffrage,
and give it solely to the native citizen—I mean, of
course, as a general rule. One single State might
do it, but still that natui€lized citizen, if he went
to any other State, would not carry with him that
disability to the State in which he went. It is a
disability which simply attaches to him in his lo-
cality.
Mr. STUART. If I understand the Senator
from Mississippi—and I really wish to under-
stand him on this point—I quite agree with him.
My position is, that every State has a right to say
who shall exercise the right of suffrage.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, if a man is a citizen
of the United States by naturalisation, and has
certain rights in Massachusetts, he does notcarry
with him into Mississippi any of those rights,
unless Mississippi chooses to give them to him—
1 mean the right of suffrage. Mississippi may
say that, of the two men going from Massachu-
setts, one a natural-born citizen, and the other a
naturalized citizen, the one who is a citizen by
birth may vote m Mississippi; and the other, who
is a naturalized citizen, shall not. I think it is
competent for Mississippi to say so.
Mr. BROWN. Then we differ. I hold that,
if they are citizens, you have no right to apply
the rutfe; otherwise, it will not make them equal.
But they must be citizens of the United States.
As to what may constitute, in the technicalities j
of local law, citizenship in a State, that is a dif-
feieut matter. But when a man is a citizen of the
United States, native-born or naturalized, I hold,
if he and a native-born citizen pass from one State
into another, the State into which they go has no
right to make distinctions between them on ac-
count of their birth. That is my doctrine. If
they are citizens of the United States, one native-
born and the other adopted according to law, and
pass from Massachusetts to Virginia, I maintain
that Virginia cannot then make a distinction be-
tween them. She must treat them alike.
But I did not rise to discuss the question. I only
wanted to sound my friend from Texas, and I am
sorry I have been betrayed an inch beyond that—
to know what he thought of letting Indians vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I simply say to my friend
from Mississippi that it is fortunate that he and
I arrive at the same conclusion, though I may not
arrive at it by the same process that he does.
Some men jump to conclusions, others have to
travel laboriously. I may travel rather slowly to
my conclusions, but I think I have arrived at a
correct result. The Senator objects to my reasons,
but as he approves the conclusion, I shall not quar-
rel with him at all.
Now, sir, as to the question which he has raised
in regard to the Indians. I have no disposition
to make it a subject of remark at this time, or to
connectitwith this bill. The constitutional pow-
er of a State to allow Indians to become citizens
has, I think, never been denied, and therefore it
is not necessary to discuss that point. I think
they can be admitted to all the rights of citizen-
ship without difficulty, but I have no idea that
aliens can be. I think the people of Minnesota
are competent judges to decide whether the Indians
living with them are fit associates for them or not
in the exercise of political power. If they are
reconciled to it, I certainly am. If the constitution
requires them to assume the habits of civilization
before they can vote, the people of Minnesota
can determine whether or not they are the proper
subjects gf the benefit which this constitution con-
fers upon them. Having opportunities of daily
intercourse with them, doubtless they can determ-
ine whether they are such persons as ought to
vote, or it will be in the power of the Legislature
at any time to specify particularly the qualifica-
tions requisite to enable an Indian to vote. I can
see no impediment that that feature presents to
the admission of the State.
But m y friend from Tennessee remarks that there
was a fuss made about foreigners, and he spoke
of a political party which had risen and passed off
very suddenly. If he lives as long as I have done
in the world, and witnesses as many political
events as I have, he will see that there is no party
entirely permanent. Parties'are always passing
in and passing out. Whether the present condi-
tion of matters is to stand, I will not venture the
speculation; but I think, when he has lived as
long as I have done, he will find many changes
taking place. I have no doubt that changes are
in progress now, if we could only comprehend
them; we may suspect them, though we cannot
see them; but time will develop them. ^ Notwith-
standing what he has said, I do not believe I have
before heard the word foreigner repeated in the
Senate for some time; and, though the Senator's
remark seemed to apply to me, I certainly made
no allusion to foreigners, that I recollect, in any-
thing that I said this morning. I only said that
it was unjust to foreigners who have been nat-
uralized to require of them the probation neces-
sary for them to become citizens of the United
States, if you allowed the States to admit others
to the privileges of citizenship without any pro-
bation at all. I said nothing derogatory to them;
I spoke of aliens as aliens, and I spoke of natu-
ralized citizens as citizens, and as sharing a por-
tion of the sovereignty of the people of the Uni-
ted States and of this Government; but 1 do not
think, and I cannot believe, for one moment,
that it is necessary or proper to admit foreign-
ers, right off hand, to all the privileges of citizens.
I cannot see any advantage in it. The Senator
from Tennessee thinks that even a shorter period
than now required, a very short period, would be
long enough for them to be changed from subjects
of a foreign Government to citizens of this coun-
try. Now, sir, I should like to know to what
tribunal he would refer them for the adjudication
of their qualifications as citizens; for thousands
of them, even in my own State, cannot speak the
English language and cannot read anything print-
ed in English. How would he determine as to
their qualifications ? Would it not require a very
tedious and laborious examination to ascertain
whether they understood the Constitution of the
United States, ail the laws of the State of Texas,
the rights of person and property, and all other
things necessary to be understood, to be good cit-
izens. Persons reared in the United States, who
have butordinary opportunities, generally have a
general comprehension of these subjects, though
they may not be familiar with all the details. _ I
think five years short enough, and if the period
were four times as long, I do not think it would
be too much.
It is no degradation or reflection on a man that
you do not allow him to vote at the polls. A for-
eigner, as a general thing, is elevated when he
comes here; he is benefited in his circumstances;
jj he is improved in liis social condition; he is per-
i J mitted to labor, and to enjoy the fruits of the labor
|! of his hands, without burdensome or oppressive
<j taxation; his rights are vindicated as ^vell as if
■ | he were in the most eminent position in society;
,1 and he derives actual benefits from his migration
| to this country. If he is a decent man he can live
;j very well without voting; and if he is not a decent
■j man, the result of allowing him to vote js that he
j can get a little drunker than he otherwise would
}[ if he comes to the polls, and is pulled by the sleeve,
]j and solicited to vote for this or that ticket. The
privilege of voting is very unfortunate to many
foreigners who come here. If they were permitteu
to toil in their shops or labor upon their farms
upon election day they would be much better
off than by being dragged to elections, and get-
ting involved into difficulties there, squandering
their means and getting intoxicated. The longer
you postpone them the greater blessing it is to
them, unless where the voting places are very
convenient to them. I do not think it is degrading
to a man not to allow him to vote. I have seen
men of high respectability and position in society
who never voted because they did not 'like the
candidates; and it is so at every election within
my knowledge. You can always find some indi-
viduals who will not exercise the right of suffrage.
What is the necessity of forcing it on people who
have not required it? There has been no demand
here from foreigners for the privilege of voting
that I have ever heard of. I never heard that they
complained of it as a badge of degradation that
they were not permitted to vote. No, sir; the
clamor arises from other motives and other feel-
ings, and it is made by other persons—by those
loving patriots who wish to vindicate their rights,
and whose philanthropy overflows the land. They
are the persons who involve foreigners in these
matters. I have had many connections with for-
eigners, and I have found them as gentlemanly
as native-born citizens; but I have no opinion of
those who are unprepared and unqualified to ex-
ercise without restraint the rights of citizenship.
I will not concede to such men the day after they
arrive upon our soil the highest privilege that is
accorded to our best men, to men "whoare native,
and to the manner born." But, Mr. President, I
do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it has
been long since I adopted it as a lesson learned
from the party with which I have heretofore acted,
that we have only a right to look into this consti-
tution for the purpose of seeing whether it is re-
publican in its form. That question was debated
at the time of the admission of Missouri, in the
year 1820. Those who were in favor of the ad-
mission with the constitution which she presented,
all contended that the true doctrine of the Consti-
tution of the United States was that we had no
right to interfere with the provisions of a State
constitution, cxcept simply to perform what was
regarded as the only Federal duty—that of seeing
that the form of government was republican.
That opinion, I confess, I do not now entertain
as strongly as I have done, but I will not quit it
upon this occasion. It has been my guide on sub-
jects of this kind for a long time; but, as I have
said, I do not entertain it so strongly now as I
have done heretofore. Still, I will not make this
the occasion of departing from it. I shall reserve
to myself, however, the right of doing so here-
after. Guided by this principle, then, I look at
the constitution of Minnesota to see whether it is
republican in its form, and find that it is. If I
could be permitted, or thought it my duty now,
an absolute duty, to look into all the provisions
of this constitution, I should vote against it, for
the reasons assigned by my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Kennedy.] The idea of a State hav-
ing a right to make a citizen of the United States,
is, to my mind, perfectly untenable. I will not
pretend to argue it, simply because it has been
argued already to a demonstration by one of the
greatest constitutional lawyers, and certainly^ as
great a logician as ever sat in this body, Mr. Cal-
houn. If Mr. Calhoun's speech does not estab-
lish the proposition, I am sure no force will be
added to it by my attempting to repeat his argu-
ments. A State has no right to make a citizen of
the United States; and it would be strange if she
had a right to make an agent whose agency was
to affect every State in the Union and the General
Government.
Sir, my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
seems to think that although a State may not have
the constitutional capacity to make a citizen, she
can yet confer the right of suffrage within her own
limits upon one who is not a citizen of theUnited
States. I am sure if he will, with the candor and
judgment that generally distinguish him, recon-
|| sidcr that matter, he will himself abandon such
an opinion. Suffrage is £he great element of cit-
izenship; it is the great right which citizenship
confers. If a State has no right to confer citizen-
