2540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 81,
have made advances to the General Government,
have had acts passed by Congress binding this
Government to pay the principal and interest—
my own State, South Carolina, Maine, Mary-
land, and other States. Tins is only a provision
as to the mode m which interest shall be com-
puted. It is not a private claim. It is a regula-
tion, a rule by which, in the computation of in-
terest, the accounting officers shall be governed
by certain principles, which principles are un-
doubtedly correct, such as have boon applied in
every State of the Union and everywhere else,
except by the accounting officers of the Treasury
of this Government. Thoy have applied a rule,
that thoy calculate interest on the amount of ad-
vances made by the State up to the tune of the
settlement, and then take the payments made
back to the State, and calculate interest on those
sums up to the same time, and strike a balance.
That is the mode of computing interestof the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, which is clearly
incorrect, not recognized by the laws of any State
of the Union. The laws everywhere make the
calculation precisely upon the basis applied in
the twelfth section of the act of the last Congress
to the State of Mniyland, and that is coriectami
proper. It is not in my opinion, I do not see how
the gentleman from Virginia can torture it, nor
do J see how anybody can torture it, into a pri-
vate claim, unless he believes what was an-
nounced from the Chair, that any claim from a
State is u pnvate claim.
Mr. HUNTER. This is to reopen all the ac-
counts settled with the Slates for advances made,
and to settle with them on a dtffi runt principle
from that on which they have been settled with,
and with which they were entirely satisfied. 1
know there have been two exceptions; but I
believe they originated under peculiar circum-
stances—one in Maryland, and one in Alabama.
This is now to cairy the principle of those cases
i to all State claims ever adjudieated brtween the
States and the General Government; and it docs
oome, it seems to me, within the decision made
by the Chair, and sustained by the Senate. At
any rate, it is a subject which ought to be brought
upon a separate bill, ami not in any appropnat ion
bill. I raise the objection that it is not m order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
beg the indulgence of the Senate to state a word
or two in consequence of the act that has been
read, and hopes he will not be consideied out of
order. The provision in the act of 1S57, referred
to by the Senator from Georgia, was tepotted
from tile Finance Committee by the present oc-
cupant of (he chair ;is mi amendment to the hill
of last year; and the recollection ot (he Chair is,
that that was an open account between the State
of Muryl-nd and the United States; that there
was an existing dispute as to the mode of com-
puting the interest under the law direcimg the
payment; and that, to settle the basis on which
the interest should be cast, the amendment was
made to the appropriation bill Inst year. As the
Chair undeistands this amendment, however, it
proposes to open all the accounts that have been
closed with the States of the Union, and to make
a readjustment of interest on the same basis.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir. It applies the prin-
ciples and provisions of the twelfth section of the
act of last year, on winch Maryland was settled
with, to the other States. It does nothing more
than that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator allow the Chair to ask him if ho isoonecfin
stating that it applies to accounts of eases between
the United States and States, which are closed ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; no moie than was
the case of the State of Maryland. The act in
relation to Maiyland directs that:
t£ The piopci acconnnni  oihcee- oi Hie Tie;>-urv lie. and
tlx y aie lieiclc,. anting tzed and directed to iccvtiiit'te (lie
accounts between the United Stales mid tile State ol Maiy-
land as the same was hum Uinc to tunc adjusted under the
act,1' 6cc.
That proposed a reexamination of an account
which had been adjusted, did it not? Piecisely.
Whether the account bad been closed or not,
whether it had bemi adjust d or not, whether it
was still in existence or not, tin5 act directed the
accounting oiuceis to reexamine the account for
mren ft, and make the computation cm a pai tieu-
lar basis. It was. done m the case of Alabama.
I desire to apply the same rule to all the {States.
It is just, equitable, and proper, if you apply it
to two States, that you shall give it to all. I do
not know that my State is interested to any great
extent. The State of South Carolina is inter-
ested, and her account has notbeen settled. The
comptroller of that State, in his report to the
Governor, made a few years ago, states the diffi-
culties between the accounting officers of the
United States and lnmself. That account is still
lying open. The State of South Carolina pro-
tested against the settlement by its officers at the
tune. This amendment will meet that case, and
authorize the accounting officers to readjust the
accounts of South Carolina on the basis applied
to the State of Maryland. This amendment
simply directs that the provisions and principles
applied under the twelfth section of the act of 1857
to Maryland, shall be applied to all the States. It
does not reopen accounts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Georgia give us some information on one or two
points suggested by his amendment? First, in
what way this matter comes before the commit-
tee of which he is the organ. Is there a claim
from the States ? Has it been referred to the com-
mittee on behalf of the States?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir; a memorial from
the State of South Carolina was referred to the
Committee on Claims, and it was upon that me-
morial that the committee have predicated their
amend ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A geneial section?
Mr. 1VERS0N. Yes, a general section, be-
lieving that it was equitable to apply the rule to
all the States.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The ncxtquestion I would
desire to ask the Senator is: if he has any idea
what the amount involved in this appropriation
will be?
Mr. 1VERS0N. I have no idea. The comp-
troller of the State of South Carolina alleges in
his report to the Governor of that State, winch 1
have m my hand, that in the settlement between
him and the accounting officers of the United
States, the State of South Carolina lost $55,000
in interest. That is the difference between the
mode of computation of the accounting officers,
and the mode of accounting as regulated by the
act in relation to Maryland. I do not know how
other States may be affected. I do not suppose
the amounts are very large. I expect that the
amount of the State of South Carolina is larger
than that of anyothei State.
Mr. BEN J AMI iN . 11 does not seem to me that
this section is ha bio to the object ion made by the
Senatoi from Vugnna. This is not to pay a pri-
vate {•bum of the State of South Carolina. It is
a geneial nde by which tlx- Tieasuryis to be
guided in its settlements with the States; and we
having already sanctioned the payments to some
of the States on this basis, this section provides
that even m cases which have already been closed
by the Comptioller of the Treasury, not to the
satisfaction of the State, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia suggests, but to the dissatisfaction of the
State, the account shall be reopened and exam-
ined, and settled according to principles which we
have declared to be just. The idea of applying a
payment made at any time by the Government
of the United States to the extinction of a part of
the capital of the debt due to a State whilst there
remains interest unsatisfied, is contrary to all
principle, to every rule by which computation of
payments is made. TheState of South Carolina
having presented this memorial, if the proposition
of the Senator fi om Georgia now way to pay that
claim, 1 admit it would be a private drum; but
the committee, instead of treating this as a private
claim, preferred to leport a section which amounts
to a general law, for the veiy reason that they are
not willing to act upon the chum of one State as
a private claim. i\iy State has no inteiest m this
question; but I do thmk that justice requires that
the adjustment of these accounts with the States
should be made all upon the same footing; and
as it has already been made on this footing with
the States of Alabama and Maryland, 1 cannot
conceive why Soutii Carolina should be made an
exception, or any other State which has had ac-
counts to adjust with the General Government.
It is a geneial rule now provided by Congiess for
the settlement of accounts with States, and the
mode of adjusting the interests that arise in ac-
counts with States. It is not an appiopnauon
lor the benefit of the State of South Carolina.
The committee, it appears to me, have carefully
avoided ^reporting a pnvate claim, and have ex
industrid changed the legislation into a general
law. I do not see that it comes under the rule of
the Senate which has been cited, and I shall vote
for the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inasmuch as
authority is given by the rules to take the opinion
of the Senate on questions of this sort, and inas-
much as the facts in this case are disputed, the
Chair will submit the question of order to the
Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the matter has been
so clearly and so well stated by the Senator from
Louisiana, that really there can be no doubt about
it. Certainly there is none in my mind; and I
have only risen for the purpose of inviting the at-
tention of the Senate to its action on other cases
which I think ate very similar, if not enfrely par-
allel to this. We pass pension laws, m which we
prescribe the time of service; we prescribe the
rules which shall entitle a person to a pension.
We find, outside of that class of pensions, a very
large class of cases that come very nearly up to the
rules we have prescribed; they come here, and
what is done ? Our Committee on Pensions rec-
ommend this special case, and that special case,
and they arc passed. By and by we see there are
so many special cases that we remove the limita-
tion by geneial law, and it has been done in appro-
priation bills, precisely m the way now proposed.
I will cite an instance. We removed the limit-
ations as to the time or mode of proof required at
the Department, and that takes in a whole class
of cases. True, if each one came here and asked
action separately by itself, it would be a private
chum; but you make a general law to include all
cases. That is precisely this case.
I refer now to an instance in my mind, with
regard to those who dicw pensions for revolution-
ary service. You presciibed, originally, that only
those widows of revolutionary soldiers should
draw a pension who were married previous to
17H3, 1 rlnnk. Then you limited it to 1794; and
then you limited it to 1800, because you found
such a large number of cases coming so nearly
up to the time, that it was deemed advisable to
extend it. The last amendment, I recollect dis-
tinctly, because I diew it, was ingrafted on an
appropriation bill in 1853, and it was to meet a
class of special cases here pending.
Mr. GREEN. I will inquire when the rule is
to apply under the resolution adopted this morn-
ing, for a recess, to-day or to-morrow?
The PRE31 DING OFFICER.. To-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. Then I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that we shall get
through with this hill.
Mr. GREEN. We cannotget through, because
I have an amendment to offer,and so have others.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us hear them.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate receive the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator fiom Georgia?
The amendment was received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is a propo-
sition which certainly ought to receive some ex-
amination befoie it is passed. We ought to know
how much money itwill take from the Treasury;
we ought to know what changes it is to make m
the principles on which accounts have been set-
tled with States. I apprehend it will be found
that it makes other changes besides the one which
has been referred to by the Senator from Louis-
iana—the mode of stating the account as to interest
and principal. I believe there have been some rules
as to whether interest shall be allowed to States
at all,and upon which settlements have been made
! with most of the States, and that will be changed
j if this provision be adopted; and it is probable
; that under the change it will be found that very
I large sums will be duo to the States of this Union,
i I have no doubt that most of the old States would
' come in if this amendment be adopted, and some
j of them might claim very largely. This is emi-
; nently a subject for separate legislation. We
ought to know what changes are made. \Ve ought
' to know whether, under tins amendment, we s hoi!
j not pay to some States interest on claims oa which
I inteiest has never been voted.
