1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
ship, I say it has no right to give a single particle
of political power to any who are not citizens of
the United States. They must he citizens before
they can vote. The right to vote is inseparable
with the right of citizenship. There may be a
citizen who has not always the right to vote
wherever he may happen to be. The States may
very well add, as they do everywhere, provisions
auxiliary to the proper exercise of this general
right of suffrage to an American citizen. They
may regulate it by requisitions for residence, for
the payment of taxes, any local provision of that
sort; but' they have no authority to confer the
right of suffrage on any one not a citizen. That
is reserved as the great distinguishing right of the
American citizen, whether he has become such
citizen by birth or naturalization.
Sir, I design these remarks simply to explain
the only ground on which I could possibly vote
for the admission of this State, that such vote
would be consistent with my action all along, and
the opinions which I entertain, opinions which I
say have been very much shaken on th is question;
but I will not make this the occasion of departing
from my ancient line of conduct on this subject.
Mr. GREEN. I do not deem it necessary to
go into a discussion of the constitutional points on
which we may all differ. In the practical matter
before us, I believe there is a general coincidence
—shall we admit Minnesota or not ? and coincid-
ing in that, let us leave out these abstract points
upon which we have no right to act; and as we
have no right to act, I very much doubt our right
to promulgate opinions upon them. I therefore
hope we shall have the vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 49, nays
3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Biggs, Bigler, Rright, lirod-
enck, Brown, Cruneion, Chandler, Chirk, Collamet, Crit-
tenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Ihirkee, Evans, Fitch,
Fitzputiick, Foot, Foster, Gieen, Givin, Halo, Hamlin,
Hammond, Harlan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Mallory, Mason,
Polk, Pujjh, Sebastian, Sewaid, Simmons, Slidcil, Smart,
Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Wriglit—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Kennedy, and Yulee—3.
So the bill was passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
oiders, and go into executive session.
Mr. GW1N". I hope the Senator will let the
next special order be taken up, and then he can
make his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move now, as wc are in
the humor of admitting States, that we proceed
to the consideration of the bill to admit Oregon
as a State. My object is to leave it as the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. PUGrll. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not press that motion. I consider myself
under honorable obligations to vote to take up the
Pacific railroad bill next.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion was to proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I ask for the yeas
and nays 011 that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, I think not more than two days ago, or
perhaps three, offered the bill for the admission
of Oregon. I am not aware that the bill has been
printed; I certainly have never seen the bill, or
the constitution of Oregon; and I would submit
to that honorable Senator whether it would not
be decorous to give us a little time to see what the
people of Oregon propose as to the form of gov-
ernment, and see what their population is, and to
learn something about it before it is broughtinto
the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The motion that is before us is to j
go into executive session, and the Senator debates 1
the Oregon question. I object.
Mr. MASON. I am done.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division, ayes twenty-six, noes not counted; and
the Senate proceeded to,the consideration of ex-
ecutive business. After some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 7, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Samuel Rogers.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
paymasters' clerks.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting the petition of the
paymasters' clerks of the Army, for increase of
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
army contracts.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
| Secretary of War, with accompanying papers, in
answer to the resolution of the House of the 5th
! April, 1858; which were read, and are as fol-
j lows:
j War Department,
j Washington, April 6,1858,
j Sir : I have received the resolution adopted by the House
, of Representatives on the 5th instant, calling for " a full and j
minute statement of all contracts made in connection with
| the Utah expedition ; the names of the persons with whom
! such contracts were made, and also the prices paid, or to
1 be paid, lor horses?, mules, corn, and all other articles fur-
nished for said expedition; the places where the horses,
mules, &cM are to be delivered, and the prices to be paid
for transportation of all such supplies ; also, designating
what eontiacts, if any, were made without public notice or
advertising; and, if advertised, in what modes and at what
places."
In reply, I have the honor to transmit herewith reports
from the Quartermaster General and Commissaiy General
of Subsistence, which give the information desired, so lar
as it is in the possession of this Department.
A quartermaster lias been sent to Fort Leaven woi th, with
directions to puiehase the requisite number of mules for the
Army, at the lowest market pricc. What process he may
have made m these puichases, this Department is not, as
yet, informed.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
JOIIN 13. FLOYD,
Sccretai 1/ of War.
Hon Jambs L. Orr, Speaker House of Representatives.
Q,uak rt rhas 1 kr Gknerai.'s Office,
Washington City, April 6, 1858.
Sir : I have the hotioi to inclose a statement, m tabular
foim, made under your orders, 111 answer to a lesolution of
the House of Representatives, adopted on motion of Mr.
Lovfjoy, on the 5t!i instant, containing the information
sought for by it so far as it can be obtained in this office.
The only contiacts that have been made for articles and
supplies this year for the Utah expedition, or for their trans-
poitation, as far as it is known to me, are noticed in this
statement, and the only nonce or advertisement inviting
bids for contracts that has been published, is the one call- ,
ing for proposals for the transportation of supplies from de- 1
pots on the Missouri river to Utah, and the posts in New
Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska. That advertisement was
published in the following papers: the Kansas Herald, ,
(Leavenworth, Kansas Territory;) Platte Argus, (Wes- j
ton, Missouri;) St. Joseph Gazette, (St Joseph, Missouri;)
Liberty Tnbune, (Liberty, Missouri;) Western Dispatch,
(Independence, Missouri;) American Citizen, (Lexing-
ton, Missouri;) Glasgow Times, (Glasgow, Missoun.)
Although only one printed notice calhng for bids was
given, yet it is proper to state that twenty-seven written
propositions to sell horses and mules for the public service
have been received at this office.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
TIL S. JESUP, Quartermaster General.
Hon. J. D. Floyd, Secretary of Wai, Washington, D. C.
Slatemcntof allcontracts andpurchaws of supplies made by
the subsistence department in connection trith the " Utah
expedition," the names of the contractors, and of the per-
sons from whom ptirchases -vere made, the priccs to be paid
under contracts, and the prices paid for supplies purchased,
together with the places at which the supplies contracted
for and purchased are to be delivered.
contracts.
On the 23d of February. 1858. a contract was made with
Roberts. Armistead and John W. Reid ibrfumishingbeef
cattle, (unworked steeis.) as follows:
At Foit Leaven worth, Kansas Territory, two hundred and
fifty head, by April 1,1838, at $6 per one hundred pounds,
net weight.
At Foit Kearny, Kansas Territory, five hundred head, by
20th May, 1858, at $7 per one hundred pounds, net weight.
At Foit Laramie, Nebraska Territory, seven bundled and
fifty head, by 15th Junp, 1858,at$8 per one hundred pounds,
net weight.
At Salt Lake City, Utah Territoiy, one thousand five hun-
dred head, by 15th Aueust, 1858, at $10 50 per one hundred
pounds, net weight. This contract was entered into with-
out public notice, after which the contractor proceeded to
execute its but finding the prices inadequate, as they al-
leged, and declaring their inability to comply with its terms;,
petitioned the departments be leleased, which was grant-
ed, and a commissary immediately ordered to make the pur-
chases in open market.
In March, 1858, a contract was entered into with Russell,
Majors & Waddell, for furnishing " beef cattle," (oxen
from the trams,) as follows :
At Great Salt Lake City, or vicinity, Utah Territory, three
thousand five hundred head, between 1st October, 1858, and
1st January, 1860, at $7 50 per one hundred pounds, not
weight. This contract was made without public notice.
purchases.
Purchases made at St. Louis, Missouri, as follows, in Feb-
ruary, 1858:
Of L. E Forsyth, 5,478 busnels " white navy beans," at
$1 25 per bushel.
OfMcEnnis&Co., 1,200 bushels "fine salt," at40 cents
per bushel.
Of E. Schneider & Co., " solar sperm candles," (no quan-
tity named,) at 24 cents per pound.
Of K. Schneider & Co., extra No. 3 soap, (ne quantity
named,) at 5-J- cents per pound
Of J. II. Garnlnut, 31,000 gallons of "clarified culervin-
egai," at 4$ cents per gallon.
Of Bclcher's Sugar Refining Company, 525,000 pounds
(more or less) refined white siigai, at 9£ cents pei pound.
Of D. A. January & Co., and William M. Momson & Co.,
175,000 pounds " pnme coffer," (part puicha&ed of each
firm,) at 10| and 11^ cents per pound.
Of VV. L. Ewing «. Co., 84,000 pounds of rice, at 4$ cents
per pound.
Of John J. Roe 8t Co., 1,088,000 pounds of "city-cured
clear bacon sides," at 10 cents per pound.
Of J. and E. Walsh, 10,000 bags extra flour, (100 pounds
each,) at $3 25 per bag.
Of George Pegram, from 1,000 to 2^,000 sacks of extia
St. Louis flour, of 100 pounds each, at $3 25 per sack.
The above purchases were made fiom proposals under
adveitisement.
The following supplies have been ordered to be purchased
in New York and forwarded, as follows, January 18, 1838 •
Forty-one thousand rations, " mixed vegetables," to Fort
Leavenwoith, for " troops on maieh to Utah "
Thirty-five thousand rations, "mixed vegetables," and
6,000 rations "desiccated potatoes" to Foit Kearny, for
" tioops on march to Utah." ♦
Forty-four thousand lations, "mixed vegetable*," and
18,000 rations "desiccated potatoes" to Fort Laramie, for
" tioops on march to Utah."
On the 28th January, 1858:
Six hundred thousand rations, "mixed vegetables," and
255,000 rations "desiccatcd potatoes" for Utah.
The desiccated vegetables have been, or will be, purchased
fiom Cassm, agent of Chollct &. Co., but the priceshave not
yet been reported to the department. It is supposed, how-
ever, that they will not cost more than one cent per ration.
A. £. SHUIAS,
Captain, Acting Commissary General Subsistence.
Office Commissary General Subsistence,
Washington, April 6, 1858.
Schedule of prices per hundred pounds per hundred miles to be paid to Russell, Majors S," Waddell, con-
tractors for transportation of military stores and supplies, under an agreement between Major General
Thomas S. Jesup, Quartermaster General of the United States Jinny, on behalf of the United States, and
the said firm of Russell, Majors fy Waddell, bearing date at Washington citxj, on the 16th day of Jan-
uary, 1858.
Names of posts, or places fiom which stores
are to be taken up.
To Foit Kearny and intermediate posts 
To Fort Latamie and posts beyond Fort Kear-
To Great Salt Lake City, or depot in Utah, and
point beyond Fort Laramie 
Periods of starting fiom points mentioned 111 the agreement above
refened to, and rate-* of payment, except on hard hread, bacon,
pine lumber, and shingles, pi ovided tor in article eight of the agree-
ment.
January I
to Febiu-
, ary 28.
March 1 to
31.
Apiil 1 to
30.
Mavl to
July 31.
August 1
to 31.
September
1 to 30.
October 1
, to 31.
j
November
1 to De-
cember 31.
$■3 55
$2 90
$2 00
$1 35
$1 50
$2 00
$•2 90
$1 00
3 55
2 90
2 00
1 35
1 70
2 00
3 00
4 50
4 00
2 90
1 80
1 80
1 80
2 20
3 00
4 50
The above tabular rates to govern for all transportation not exceeding in the aggregate ten million pounds, and foi
i the first additional five million pounds, or any part thereof, they shall be paid at the rate of twenty-five per centum
I advance on these tabular rates, and for all over and above said fifteen million pounds which they may be required to
1 transport under this agreement, an advancc of thirty-five per centum on these tabular rates shall be paid the contractors.
