1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL,GLOBE.
479
35th Gong....1st Sess.
Appropriations for Lake Harbors—Mr. Goodwin.
Ho. op Rbps.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Pennsylvania
puts me in the attitude of a prophet, which I am
not willing to occupy. I did not say the work
on this improvement would never cease; but that
I did not know when it would. It certainly will
cease, whenever the logs shall be prevented from
coming down, at a remote day.
Mr. BIGLER. I did not intend to make my
language too strong, so as to misrepresent the
honorable Senator, nor to dignify him with the
position of a prophet; but I thought the case so
strong that, in measuring matters of finance, I
might say the expenditure would never cease. I
have had some experience myself in this kind of
improvement.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow rae to
ask him when the logs that make the crib-work
and form the piers of the lake harbors are going
to quit rotting ? That is what your appropriations
are for now; the logs have decayed and you want
to put in new ones.
Mr. BIGLER. That is a question which can
be answered, and it will be answered, in refer-
ence to each specific item. If you had live oak
below the water, I should say it never would rot.
Mr. DAVIS. But at the surface, between wind
and water?
Mr. BIGLER. That depends on the character
of the timber, and when it is cut. Some of it will
last ten years and another kind of timber will not
last two.
Mr. DAVIS. I want the Senator to inform the
Senate how one work is interminable and the
other is terminable? and when he gets through the
decaying timber and makes it perennial, then I
should like to know when the sands that con-
stitute the deposits now floating against those
piers and forming bars at the end of the piers,
such as existed before the piers were built, are to
cease their eternal roll down the lake? and beyond
that, as I do not wish to trouble the Senator again,
I would ask him when he expects to get through
with those questions which involve the interfer-
ence of the General Government with the State
sovereignty, and which have arisen constantly
on the claims of riparian proprietors at every one
of those works along Lake Erie ?
Mr. BIGLER. It is very easy to distinguish
between the character of the works to which I re-
ferred, and this Red river improvement. I had
reference to superstructure, to piers which will
last, under ordinary circumstances, ten, twelve,
fifteen, or twenty years; but they will require
slight repairs. Now, the distinction which I make
is this: the Red river is found, in its natural con-
dition, entirely impassable to steam navigation.
You may repair it one season, and the next sea-
son you find it in its natural condition, from nat-
ural causes. That is what I mean by a work
never to be completed.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania a question, with his consent.
I understand him to acknowledge the constitu-
tionality of these appropriations for the regulation
and protection of commerce between the Stales.
Does he think the duty of Congress is exhausted
in one year or in two years ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly not.
Mr. PUGH. "What objection is it, then, that
an improvement has to be renewed and continued ?
The duty of Congress continues.
Mr. BIGLER. I made no allusion to any con-
stitutional question. The honorable Senator from
Ohio misunderstood me. In that connection, I
spoke of it as a question of expediency, of utility.
However constitutional it may be, is there any
wisdom in prosecuting a work that does not an-
swer the purpose intended?
Mr. GWIjN\ I differ entirely with the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, about the practicability of making the
Red river navigable around the falls; for the ob-
struction of the raft is not only on account of the
depositof timber, but the obstruction is notgreater
than the falls of the Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from California has
misapprehended me. I said, or intended to say,
that not being able to execute the task of remov-
ing the raft, with the money appropriated, the
work was undertaken to clear out the bayou near
the raft, so as to come out of the main channel of
the Red river above the raft, and enter into it be-
low the raft, which would require an expenditure
of money to prevent the raft extending itself up
the Red river, until it closed the mouth of the
bayou.
Mr. GWIN. I have been in that country, and
when I was in Congress before, I always looked
upon it as an exception; and I always thought
that if there was anything really national in im-
proving rivers and harbors, it was the removal of
that raft. It was most importantat that time,for
a large portion of the country beyond it then, did
not belong to the United States. Texas was a for-
eign country, and we had to have military posts
on the frontier there, and transport military sup-
plies to the Indian country. This work was then
on the western borders of the Republic, and it was
looked upon as a national work. I have not a
solitary doubt, but that in time it may require a
large sum of money, but not anything approach-
ing what we appropriate here to keep our Navy
and our Army in marching order for the purpose
of preserving peace on the frontier and with for-
eign nations, in any one year, to make a perfect
system of navigation through the raft or around
the raft. I think it is one of the most meritorious
works. It was commenced many years ago, and
if it had been prosecuted with vigor, steamboats
would now be running there, as they do around
the falls of the Ohio,and the work is as necessary
to that section of the country and as useful to the
whole Union as any other for which you appro-
priate money.
The country above the raft is one of the finest
in the United States, extending for hundreds of
miles. It will soon be densely populated, and
would be now but for the Indian territory north
of the Red river. It is a splendid country. I
traveled over it many years ago, and I know what
it is. One of the difficulties in new portions of
the country is, that you will not give us any ap-
propriations to clear out our rivers and harbors,
because we have not had a survey; and then you
will not give us an appropriation for a survey, so
that we are never to have any. There is an ob-
struction in the Sacramento river, in my own
State, over which millions of commerce pass,
that is every year becoming more and more a
hinderance to navigation simply for the want of a
dredging machine. Thirty millions of gold pass
down that river for the purpose of benefiting this
section of the country, and we cannot get an ap-
propriation for its improvement, because we have
not had a survey. I intend, at the proper time,
to offer a resolution in this language:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an apptopna-
tion to complete the vvoiks alieady commenced for tlieiin-
provement of the harborof San Diego; and, also, to burvey
the riveih and harbors of the State o!" California.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that I shall
wish to say anythingon this improvement; but if
so, I should like to understand it better than I did
when I made my remarks before. I am satisfied
that it is inexpedient to make the appropriation,
and that the best way it could bo applied would i
be to take the money and throw it over this raft,
and set the people to digging for it there. They
might by that means get it out; butif you letone
contractor, or a dozen contractors, have it, you
will never get the work done. Put the money on
the raft, and people will get it, and in getting the
money, they will remove the obstacle, and in that
way the river will be opened, otherwise it will
never be opened. Now I move that the Senate
adjourn, and I will finish to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas22, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Clay, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Fitzpattick,Hajne, Houston, Ivei-.cn, John-
son of 'Tennessee, Kennedy, Mason. Pearee, Polk. Reid,
Shields, Slideil, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Wright,
andYulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Biglei, Biodeuclt, Chand-
ler, Dixon, Duikee, Fessenden, Fiteh, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Iluntei, Jones, King, Pugh, Rice, Sebas-
tian. Sewaid, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is unusually late, and I
really can see no particular urgency for the pas-
sage of this measure now. 1 think we should
expedite business as much by adjourning at the
usual hour, and coming here refreshed in the
morning, instead of coming half exhausted, hav-
ing our official business to transact and oui? cor-
respondence to maintain after we return from, the
Senate and get some refreshment. I am not in
the habit of taking a lunch here; I wish that un-
derstood. I think we might get along as well by
adjourning now. This is said to be a measure of
peculiar and of great advantage to a lovely section
of country, most desirable for occupation, with
every fine prospect possible for the completion of
the work at an early day, and a wise investment
of the sum proposed to be appropriated, $110,000.
Let me read an extract from the intelligent report
of the Secretary of War:
"The prosecution of this improvement has been attended
with numerous embarrassments of a character to retard its
piogress, and greatly to enhance its cost. Among thelm-
pednnents in the way of its advancement, tUe insalubrity
of the raft district, the difficulty of procuring and retaining
laborers, the scarcity and consequent high pricesof provis-
ions and labor, and the sickness and frequent desertions of
the employes, are the most considerable. Efficient labor-
ers, white or black, could not be obtained at a cost less than
thiity dollars per month for each hand, besides their board,
and, in most cases, their conveyance from remote points.
"The progress of this work, from the beginning of the
last fiscal year to the 1st of September, 3356, has been set
forth, in details sufficiently copious, in my annual report of
that date, and in the documents appended thereto. The op-
erations subsequently performed are sufficiently explained
in the annual report of agent Fuller, hereto appended.99
(See Appendix, Doc. No. 8.)
We have not had an opportunity of examining
these documents; but they are doubtless very im-
portant, and would shed a great deal of light on
this subject.
Mr. FUTZPATRICIC. Will the Senator give
way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Although I made the
motion, I shall not vote for it, because I have
paired off with the Senator from Maine, Mr*
Fessenden.
Mr. BROWN. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, Mr. Shields.
Mr. FOOT. I have paired off with the Senator
from Florida, Mr. Mallory.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Biyler, Bright, Clay, Clingman?
Crittenden, Davis, Hayne, Houston, Iverson, Johnson of
Tonnc.sace, Joncs1 Kennedy, Mason, Pparee, Polk, Reid,
Rice, Slidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—^3.
NAYS—Messrs. BuIl,Clmndlei,Collamer, Durkee, Pos-
ter, Hale, Hamlin, Ilailan, King, Pngh, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—18.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR LAKE HARBORS.
REMARKS OF HON. H. C. GOODWIN,
OP NEW YORK,
In the IIodse of Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GOODWIN said:
Mr. Chairman: The commerce of the north-
western lakes—those great inland seas—both from
its national importance, the vast amount of cap-
ital invested, and the number of vessels and men
employed, has come to be one of the important
and leading interests of the country: as such it
justly demands the care and attention of the Gov-
ernment. The Committee on Commerce both of
the House and Senate have reported several bills
making appropriations for the preservation of va-
rious harbors on these lakes; absolutely necessary
for the protection of this extensive commerce,
and without which the Government works at those
points will be almost entirely destroyed, and the
trade and business of aiarge sectionof the country
seriously injured. I askthe attention of the House
while with asfew words as possible, I submitsome
plain facts and suggestions for its consideration
in relation to this subject. Here allow me to re-
mark that the principle and policy involved in
these appropriations in behalf of our internal
