432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
to regulate their own domestic institutions in their ]
own way and at their own discretion. Was it not
likely that that doctrine would find its way to
their ears, many of them being very shrewd and
acute men? Was it not likely that they would
catch up the cry, and say, " whatever might have
been our fears when we were permitted to make,
our first settlement, here the Government of the
United States has now adopted in regard to the
Territories a principle of policy which guaranties
to us forever the right to the indulgence of our
peculiar opinions, and we are located in the fast-
nesses of the Rocky Mountains, so that it is not
likely we shall ever be intruded upon by the set-
tlement of persons of a religion different from our
own; here then, in perfect safety and freedom we
can expand ourselves, enjoy our own principles
of religion, and whatever indulgence of any kind
may belong to it, maintain our own faith unin-
terrupted by any nation of the earth; now that
the United States have avowed principles that
give us these privileges, they are obliged to con-
cede them to us?" ! do not know how far these
doctrines may have been propagated among them
so as to create a feeling or disposition in favor of
throwing off whatever vestige of the authority of
the Government of the United States might be
found among them—for example, the Governor,
the secretary, and the judges appointed by the
authority of the United States. I will not stop
to suggest the inquiry whether that perfect free-
dom of popular sovereignty which we announced
here, might not, in the minds of such people as
these, imaginative, excitable, having a strong in-
terest to adopt such a conclusion, lead them to
suppose that to have a Governor sent to rule over
them as a chief magistrate, judges appointed by
the President to settle the controversies between
them,and all thatmachinery belonging to another
Government, was not consistent with the princi-
ple that they had a right to govern themselves,
and regulate their institutions in their own way,
at least while they were a Territory.
1 now onlyexpress the sentimentthatl should
have been glad if some other steps had been taken
to propitiate these people—such as withdrawing
our Government from them, stipulating that while
they retained the territorial form of government,
(and with my vote they should never have any
other form,) they should continue there only on
condition that they allowed the peaceful passage
of our emigrants, of our caravans, of whatever
description, cattle, household furniture, or what
not, free from molestation. If they did this, they
might be permitted to remain forever, so far as 1
cared.
Now, sir, I am not so bloody-minded as my
friend from New Yoik [Mr. S-ward] seemed to
be yesterday, in relation to the Mormons. I think
some indulgence is due to them, particularly from
my lionoiable friend; for what is the foundation
of the difficulty between them and the United
States at this moment? They are the votaries of
a *' higher law" than our Constitution or the laws
of the United States, and they are honest too.
There may be men among them, as there are in
our own country, who avail themselves of the in-
fatuation of a number of followers, to give them
strength to secure themselves office and emolu-
ment, and all the advantages which arise from the
position hi which they may be placed; but is there
the slightest doubt that the great mass of these
Mormons are really thoroyghly honest in their
convictions? Has not that feature in their insti-
tutions which is denounced as sensual, existed
from the foundation of the woild, in the nations
of the earliest civilization of which we have any
knowledge? Does it not exist in India and in
Turkey at this day, and we may say in all the
Oriental nations? Theirs is a religious fanaticism.
They do not consider themselves bound by any
obligations to the municipal and constitutional law
of the country. They are literally and honestly
the supporters of a higher law. They are reli-
gious fanatics. Aly honorable friend from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] is often very acute and inge-
nious in his discriminations here, and I should
like to know from him—I will not appeal to any
other gentleman—if he can discriminate between
that species of fanaticism and infatuation which
controls the actions of the Mormon settlers from
that winch controls a portion of our brethren at the
North? 1 do not allude to the anti-slavery exten-
sion gentlemen, but to the Abolition party proper,
S which my friends around me here are rather
| obliged to sympathize with, because it brings them
| strength. How can you distinguish the fanati-
] cism of the Mormons from that of a portion of the
i northern people, founded on that idea which dis-
| regards the obligation of municipal or organic law
in political society? I have never opposed this
class of people where I believed them to be hon-
est, and to be acting under the convictions of their
own conscience I consider them as having been
misled; as throwing aside everything practical,
and pursuing one idea, and that alone in respect
i to these questions. Just such is the state of the
I Mormons. I do not mean to apologize for them
j or their institutions, especially not for that por-
! tion of those institutions which has rendered ■
I them so obnoxious to the people of the United j
States; but it belongs to the period of the Bible,
the period of the early civilization of the world;
and it exists now in Turkey, within the limits
of Europe, with all its boasted light and civiliza-
tion.
Why, then, should we wish to exterminate the
Mormons and drive them out mercilessly ? If
their women may be considered as not entitled to
our sympathy, what do you say as to their chil-
dien. Are they to be driven into the gorges of the
mountains to perish in the snows, or by starva-
tion upon the plains ? Are thijy to be driven out
tr seek new climes and new homes > Where will
they go? Sir, I know of no sect of men, no class
of men in the world, however they may differ
with me in sentimentor doctrine, even upon ques-
tions that I regard as vital, whom I would pursue
with such relentless s nd indiscriminate vengeance.
I have great confidence in theskillofColonelJohn-
ston. If he is the brave man that he is represented
to be, I have gi eat confidence in his merciful feel-
ings and disposition, and I am sure that he will
not use the sword to a greaterextentthanhe may
find necessary. I have great confidence, too, m
the discretion, judgment, and humanity of Colonel
Cumming, who has been made Governor of Utah.
If they were other men than they are, or if their
positions were filled by some men even of high
character, that 1 know, and 1 had the power to
thwart the expedition by any couise which I
might take, consistent with the safety of the offi-
cers and men, I would do it before 1 would risk
their indiscretions on that, I will not say imbecile
people, but at least they are a mere handful. They
cannot war upon us on equal terms of advantage
in any respect. They can only resist us by re-
treating into the gorges of the mountains, putting
their women and children in caves during the win-
ter and summer. Notwithstanding what is alleged
to be their numbers, I think this is the only mode
in which they can carry on any warfare against
us. They may, as bandits, range the mountains,
annoying us, cutting off the supplies for our
troops, harassing our tioops in every way, but
we know that they have not sufficient foicc to
meet them on an open battle-field.
I did not intend, however, to go into these con-
siderations, and I shall not extend my remarks
further. I believe there is no necessity for this
increase of the Army at the present time, i ac-
knowledge that, in my opinion, an army of some
twenty thousand effective men at all times would
not be too great a foice with the present limits
and expanded territories and dominion of this Re-
public; but I prefer to postpone any such enlarge-
ment until another session, when we can see what
is likely to be the state of our finances, and when
we may learn whether the trade and business of
i the country have had a chance to revive from
their prostrate and paralyzed condition. The pro-
posed increase of the Army, voted in any shape,
will involve an additional expenditure of at least
five million dollars; and it may, according to cir-
cumstances, involve an additional annual ex-
pense of twelve million dollars. I think we had
better postpone it until we see the effect of the
present condition of the country on the finances.
I foci confidentthatColone! Johnstonand his com-
mand are in no present danger, and that we have
^ a full and adequate force to send to his relief.
; Under these circumstances, lam inclined notonly
| to vote for striking out the first section of the bill,
; but to go against the whole bill.
| Mr. 1VEUS0N. Mr. President, as I am a
i member of the Committee on Military Affairs that
j reported this bill, and gave my support to the
! measure in committee, as I shall in this body, I
beg leave very briefly to state the reasons which
commend it to my mind.
When the question was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, of coursc the first
point to be determined was, whether there was a
necessity or propriety for an increase of the Army.
The committee camc to the conclusion, by a large
majority, that there was not only a propriety but
a necessity for an increase of the regular force. I
agreed with the committee, and that is my opin-
ion now. Having come to the conclusion that an
increase of the regular force was necessary, the
next and most important question was, m what
way that increase should be made ? The Presi-
dent an# Secretary of War have rccommcndcd an
increase by the addition of five regiments. Al-
though the President, in his annual message,
called for only four regiments, the Secretary of
War, in his report, asked for five, and it is to be
presumed that it was only an inadvertence on the
part of the Executive that five regiments were not
asked for by the Government.
The plan suggested by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, as contradistinguished from the in-
crease by way of additional regiments, struck my
view as the most appropriate one, for several
reasons. The first is, that if you increase the
force by regiments, by adding four or five new
regiments to the Army, to answer present emer-
gencies, or to accomplish present purposes, when
you desire to diminish or reduce the force, it will
be next to impossible ever to reduce a force which
contains so many oilers. You may get rid of
the rank and file at your pleasure; you may at
any time reduce the Army by the dismission of
privates; but it is with the greatest difficulty in
the world — it is next to impossible, to reduce
le^iments that contain officers, especially field
officers. Although this increase is at present de-
manded, in my judgment, by the exigencies of
the servico,yet the time may come, and I trust it
will come, when this largely increased force will
not be necessary, and it may be, in the wisdon*
of Congress, thought proper to reduce it. If they
should ever reduce it, it could be done by cutting
down the rank and file which it is proposed by
this bill to add to the Army; but we might find it
very difficult to get rid of the additional regiments,
if they were incorporated into the regular force.
That is one reason why 1 prefer the plan suggested
by the committee to that which has been recom-
mended by the Executive.
Of course, I was controlled, to some extent,
also, by the difference in the expense of the two
plans. The increase by regiments, if five were
granted, would add one hundred and fifty com-
pany officers—fifty captains and one hundied lieu-
tenants— besides the field officers. Of course, that
would be a very large increase in the expense of
the regiments, to say nothing of the number of
the rank and file. The plan suggested by the
Committee on Military Affairs looks only to the
addition of thirty companies, and to the creation
only of ninety additional officers, and they are
officers of infenorgrade—captains and lieutenants.
Of course, this is the least expensive mode of in-
creasing the Army, if it is to be increased at all.
These, together with other reasons which I shall
not detain the Senate by adverting to, influence
my mind to adopt the plan suggested of adding
thirty companies to the existing regiments, instead
of increasing the Army by the addition of whole
regiments.
There is another reason which has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Mississippi, the chair-
man of the committee. It is, that twelve com-
panies is a more convenient organization of a
regiment than ten. At present, the four artillery
regiments have twelve companies, but the infantry
regiments and the mounted troops have but ten
companies to each regiment. Having four field
officers, a colonel, a lieutenant colonel, and two
majors, if we have twelve companies, the regi-
ment is then divided into three battalions of four
| companies each; one commanded by the lieuten-
'j ant colonel, and one by each major; the colonel
;j being the superintendent and commander of the
•I whole. This is a more convenient arrangement,
! therefore, and it is one which seems to me to be
■ ; entirely appropriate. It is a better organization
than the one which gives only ten companies to
! a regiment. This, 1 understand, is the French
j| organization. Their regiments are divided into
' twelve companies and three battalions, and there
