THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1858.
New Seems Jfo, 28.
is probably no nation upon earth which has had
as much experience, and arrived at so much in-
formation and usefulness in relation to the organ-
ization of the military, as the French. I believe
that that is the organization, also, of the English
regiments, though 1 cannot confidently speak as
to that point; but I am confidently informed that
such is the organization of the French regiments;
each regiment being divided into three battalions,
each battalion having so many companies. This
plan has been recommended by many Army offi-
cers with whom I have conversed, and they uni-
versally say that it is the best organization which
<;an possibly be adopted.
But, sir, the great question comes at last: whether
there should be any increase in the regular force
©r not. I believe there ought to be an increase in
the regularforce; and so believing, I am satisfied
that the mode suggested to the Senate in this bill
'by the committee, is the best which can beadopted.
I believe there ought to be an increase in the reg-
ular force, not only to answer the present exigen-
cies of the service, but for permanent employment
hereafter. The present exigency is the Utah war.
It is not a war in the technical sense of the term;
it is a rebellion on the part of the Mormon people,
which it beeomes necessary and proper on the
part of the Government of the United States to
crush.
I ask Senators if this rebellion is to be permit-
ted to go unpunished ? if this insurrection in Utah
is to be permitted to exist ? if the laws and Gov-
ernment of this country are to be put at defiance?
I ask, are gentlemen prepared to admit this imper-
iam in imperio to exist which the people of Utah
have set up for themselves ? I am one of those
who believe that as long as we have a Govern-
ment, the laws of that Government should be en-
forced in every quarter of the country. I believe
that the peace, good order, and dignity of the
Government should be enforced and vindicated
upon all occasions. I am one of those who be-
lieve that this rebellion, or insurrection, or what-
ever else you may term it, in Utah, should be
crushed; and crushed effectually, if it shall be
necessary to sacrifice every individual in that
country.
What is the condition of the Mormon war?
What is the condition of the Mormon country?
What force will it be necessary to send against
them in order to effect this important object ? I
consider that the Mormon force is by no means
one to be slighted. We have authentic informa-
tion, such as I think every Senator will believe,
that a force can be mustered into servicc in Utah
under the command of Brigham Young, to the
extent at least of four or five thousand efficient
troops. We are informed, I think, by Captain Van
Vliet, who was sent into that country for the pur-
pose of spying out the land, that Brigham Young
has an organized, well-equipped force of not less
than four or five thousand men. We are in-
formed upon reliable authority—upon authority
on which I rely at least—that he has finned alli-
ances with neighboring Indian tribes, and that
those Indians, incensed as they are against the
people of the United States, and ready to strike
a blow whenever they have an opportunity to do
it, will readily join Brigham Young in his opera-
tions against the United States. Combine these
two elements together, and I think the opposition
power of Mormonism is by no means to be de-
spised by this Government. Four or five thou-
sand effective troops, well armed and equipped as
we understand they are, fighting on their own
soil, with a full knowledge of all the passways
and the topography of the country, fighting for
their hearthstones, and as they believe fighting i
for their religion, infuriated by their fanaticism,
is not a force that is to be despised by this Gov-
ernment. With all the advantages which they
will possess of a full knowledge of the country,
standing behind the defiles and gorges of the
'mountains, I thmk it will require a large force to
put them down.
What is the force that has been sent against
them? We are told that there are only four or five
28
regiments, the effective extent of which cannot
exceed two thousand men. The probability is
that the effective force of the army under Colonel
Johnston, now in the mountains of Utah, does
not exceed fifteen hundred men. That has been
reinforced to some extent by a few teamsters and
army-followers, and persons who are engaged in
the contractor's service, and we understand that
three or four or half a dozen companies have been
united with him. Howmanycan Colonel John-
ston command in the spring? How many is he
likely to have to march into Utah, against this
large, powerful, and effective force of Mormons?
Not more than two thousand, at the utmost extent,
and that little force must be diminished before the
campaign can open; death must make its mark
in the ranks of our soldiers.
How far has the Government in its power, and
to what extent can it reinforce the army in Utah ?
The Commanding General, we see, has already
ordered two regiments and two companies to ren-
dezvous at Fort Leavenworth, to join the expe-
dition in the spring. What forec is that ? The first
regimontof cavalry, one regiment of infantry and
two companies of artillery. How many will be
embraced in that number? With the fullest num-
ber of companies, and the fullest number of men in
each company, none of these regiments can ex-
ceed seven hundred men. Then the force which
is detailed to reinforce the army in Utah, cannot
exceed fifteen hundred men, which, added to the
fifteen hundred or two thousand already in the
field, will make a force of three thousand, or three
thousand five hundred men. Is that sufficient to
overcome the formidable array of power which
the Mormons are able to bring into the field ? I
do not believe it is sufficient.
From what source can the Government of the
United States draw other troops, to add to those
who are now detailed for the service in Utah?
You have one hundred and ninety-eight compa-
nies in your whole Army. You have forty-eight
companies in your four regiments of artillery;
you have one hundred companies in your ten
regiments of artillery, and you have fifty com-
panies of mounted troops—in all one hundred and
ninety-eight companies. At this moment, out of
this force of one hundred and ninety-eight com-
panies, there are one hundred and fifty-eight com-
panies in the field and stationed atdistant frontier
posts, leaving only thirteen companies to garrison
your interior fortifications and your whole ex-
tended Atlantic coast. From what quarter are you
todraw any reinforcements to the armyin Utah?
Will you take them from Florida? We have a
war now in progress in Florida with a hostile
band of savages, who are exceedingly infuriated
against the people of that country, and are seiz-
ing every opportunity to strike a blow. Will
you withdraw the regular troops from Florida to
send them to Utah? If you do that, you must.;
expose the people of Florida to the sculping knife
and tomahawk of the savage, or you must supply
the deficiency by a volunteer force in Florida.
Even now sueh is the smallness of the Army,
that you have been compelled to employ a volun-
teer force in Florida; and if you take away the
regulars who are there, and send them to join the
Utah army, you must add to that volunteer force
for the protection of the people of Florida. Are
you prepared to employ volunteers? Of course
they are always infinitely more expensive, and
never as efficient as regulars.
Will you withdraw your regular troops from
Texas ? There you have the second regiment of
cavalry, and one regiment of infantry. Can you
withdraw any part of that force from the frontier
of Texas, when you consider the exposed char-
acterof thatfronber, and leave the peopleofTexas
to the marauding incursions of hostile bands of
Indians? I do not thmk that force can with safety
be withdrawn. Can you take any troops from
New Mexico? Are the people of New Mexico
to be exposed to the surrounding savages who are
so hostile to the white people, and who are dis-
posed at all times to strike whenever they find the
opportunity to do so with impunity? We know
what is the character of the Navajo and Apacho
Indian, and other hostile warlike tribes that sur-
round New Mexico._ Are you prepared toallow
the troops you have in New Mexico for the pro-
tection of the people there to be withdrawn 11
swell the army in Utah ? I thmk not.
Then as to the Pacific coast, how can you with-
draw any men from that section ? You have to
guard the frontier settlements of Oregon and
Washington Territories, and the, troops which
you have, there are not even sufficient to do>this.
The history of the last two or three years demon-
strates the fact, that in order to quell the hostil ;
Indians on the frontiers of that country, a much
larger force than you have been able to send ther-:
has been requisite and necessary.
„ Then, looking at the position of your- Army i i
every section of the Union, there is not a single
point from which you can withdraw additional
force from the regular Army to join the army in
Utah. The whole available force which could bo
spared from the exigencies and necessities of the
service in other quarters, has already.been called
into the field by the commanding general, fend
what is it? The contemptible force of three thou -
sand or four thousand men. If, from considera-
tions of economy, or any other considerations, the
army in Utah shall not be properly reinforced by
the time the campaign opens in the spring, and that
army shall be cut up or destroyed by the Mor-
mons, I ask what excuse gentlemen can present
for voting against supplies and additional rein-
forcements? Is that gallant army to be exposed
to the danger and risk of that campaign because
it may cost a few million dollars to reinforce
them? Is money to be put in the scale against
blood? God forbid that it should ! If ltwasneces-
sary to send ten thousand troops to Utah, and ex-
pend $1,000,000 to crush this rebellion, I would
expend it before I would suffer one hundred of
your people to be sacrificed by the infuriated Mor-
mons. What excuse could gentlemen present if
any disaster should occur to this army in Utah ?
The miserable consideration that it may cost a
few million dollars! Sir, we must reinforce this
army to such an extent that they shall be. safe in
their operations, either by the increase of thereg-
ular force, or by calling out volunteers; and wo
all know the expense to which the call of volun-
teers always leads, and the danger to which it
may give rise.
I am opposed to the use of volunteers in this
Utah war. The very consideration of humanitj-
is enough to prevent the calling out of the volun-
teer force. Send volunteers to Utah to suppress
this insurrection '. Why, sir, you know that vol-
unteers, when they are once set in motion, arc
unrestrained by any order. Send volunteers to
Utah, and every man, woman, and child in that
Territory will be exposed to the danger of sacri-
fice. No, sir; let us send disciplined troops; let
us send theregular Army; letus send troops who
are disinterested, who are subject to the control
of their officers, and will be regulated and directed
by the dictates of humanity.
In my opinion, Mr. President, it is essential
that the army in Utah should be reinforced. I
do not think it can be reinforced without an addi-
tion to the regular Army, such as is proposed in
this bill. This is the cheapest and the quickest
way of obtaining recruits sufficient to throw a
force into Utah which, under the circumstances
of the case, may become necessary to crush the
rebellion that exists in that country.
But if the Utah war were out of the question,
if that were suppressed, I consider that still there
is an exigency for the increase of your Army for
permanent and future employment. Look at your
extended country; look at the wido extent of your
frontiers; look at the necessity for the protection
of your people. You have a line of sea-coast ex-
tending for more than two thousand miles on the
Atlantic, every city of which has a fortification,
more or less; and those fortifications, and the ar-
senals and public stores, must be protected and
taken care of by your troops. There is a demand
for a portion of your Army at least. In Flori'la,
