2544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
must take the rulings of committers; that the pre-
cise sum which they offer must be accepted; and
that you can neither move to increase or diminish
it upon the suggestion of a single Senator. You
might as well give up the whole business of le-
gislation to the Departments and committees, and
rule out individual Senators entirely. The posi-
tion of individual Senators will be utterly ignored
and rendered worthless here, and all your legis-
lation will be done in committee room, and not
in the Senate. I protest against it; I protest that
when a subject is before the Senate,!, as a single
individual Senator, have the right to move any
amendment I choose to the proposition standing
for legislation before the body. Any other rule
is in derogation of my rights as a. member of this
body. If a proposition comes from a committee
to build a post office at Hartford or at any other
point, I insist that I have the right to add to that
proposition, as I mean to do, an amendment to
build a post office at the city of Jackson, that'be-
ing the seat of government in my own State.
Mr. CLAY. Monstrous as it may sound to
the Senator, it is, nevertheless, the rule of this
body which prevents such an amendment being
made, as out of order; and if he never learned it
befoie it is because he sat here with his ears
stopped, or never read the rules. The 30th rule
of the Senate provides:
"No amendment pioposm,'? additional appropriations
shall be received to any goneial applanation bill-1'—
Mr. BROWN. Precisely.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator wait until I get
through?
—u unless it be made to carry out the provisions of some
existing law, or some actor icsolution pievumMy passed
by the Senate dminsj that session, or moved by direction
of a ^landing or select t omimttec of the Senate, oi in pur-
suance of an estimate horn the head of bOtnc oi the Ue-
paumems.55
Now, sir, to say that because an amendment
offered by a committee proposingan appropriation
is made, and is in Older, that, any other amend-
ment to that amendment, making appropriations
for similar objects in other ciues is in order, is
certainly shirking the rule in a way that cannot
be countenanced by the Senate. Upon that prin-
ciple,all that is necessary in order to prevent any
amendment being ruled out of order, is to gotsome
amendment moved by a committee; and every in-
dividual member of this Senate, by the reasoning
of the Senator, may move an appropriation for
like objects in some other State, 1 will not. argue
so plain a proposition as this. I ask the Chair to
decide the point of order.
The PRESIDING OKl'ICER. The Chaii did
decide the point of otder.
Mr. BLtOWN. And I appealed.
The PRESIDING OimCER. And the Sen-
ator from Mississippi appealed from i ho decision.
Mr. PROW <W The construction winch the Sen-
ator from Alabama puts upon this rule, that you
cannot move an appropriation except in pursu-
ance of the precise language of the rule he reads,
just amounts to this: that if the committee brings
m a proposition to make an appropriation for a
given sum, then I cannot move to incieaye the
' sum unless I can have thy consent of a &t<mdiiig
committee to do it. That its what it amounts to.
I thought that no such eonstiuctiou was over put
upon the rule at all. Put there is another rule that
I Imve a right to move an amendment to any given
proposition, provided it is germane to the subject,
if this subject of this post office building was not
before the Senate, then I should not insist that 1
had the right,on my individual responsibility,to
bring m a new proposition; but the proposition
being before the Senate,I simply insist that I can
move any amendment which h-i germane to the
subject before the body under a different rule. The
rule read by the Senator is intended to apply to
bringing in subjects entirely new. in reference to
the subject brought in by the Senator from Indi-
ana, it is a new one. I could not bring it m, nor
could any other Senator, except from a committee;
but the subject being here, i insist, under a diiier-
cnt rule of the Senate, that I have a right to move
any amendment 1 choose which is germane to
that principal subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to ask
the gentleman who brings m the original amend-
ment a question in regard to it. How did the sub-
ject eume before the committee which now reports
tins amendment ?
Mr. PUGH. The committee had charge of the
whole subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Was thei^ any
resolution referring the subject of a post office in
Connecticut to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads which gave it jurisdiction ? +
Mr. FITCH. There'was no resolution from
the Senate by which it came before the Post Office
Committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Was there any
in regard to any other case ?
Mr. FITCH. I cannot speak positively as to
how the subject of a post office in Connecticut
came, before the committee, but I believe at the
request of the Representative from that district.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then it seems
that this subject was never referred to them, and
the States that had no representatives on the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, not
being aware of the action of the gentlemen upon
the committee, have had no notice in this matter.
In my own State I know that we are suffering for
the want of such a building; but still the Treas-
ury is depressed, and we were not disposed to
■ press it. We did not think such a proposition
1 would be received here. The Senator offers an
| amendment for the erection of such buildings, and
I he represents that those States which aie not rep-
j resented on the committee are not to bring m an
i amendment germane to the proposition, or to
j have any hope of relief at all. That is our situ-
| ation. I do not believe they have jurisdiction of
' these matters in the first place, unless the Senate
referred them to them properly, and that they
could not originate propositions for appropria-
tions unless the subject was leferred to them. 1
think the whole amendment ought to be rejected.
Mr. POLK. There were resolutions of the
Legislature of Missouri submitted to the Senate
at tiie commencement of the session in favor of
my proposition. It somehow happens, though,
that a paicel of other places are recommended,
and this one excluded. Now, sir, 1 think with
the gentleman from Mississippi, that, when the
subject-matter is offered by a standing committee,
it is perfectly proper for another member to move
to amend by inserting an amendment for building
a post office in any other place where he may
deem it proper such a building should be erected.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. At the last
session of thia body, an amendment was adopted
providing for the erection of a building in the
State of New Jersey at Trenton, the capital of
the State, for a post, office, a custom-house, and
the courts of the United States. It was recom-
mended by everybody in the State of New Jer-
sey, by the judges of the supieme couit, and by
the circuit and district judge of the State of New
Jersey. It paused; but an amendment was offered
I by my friend from Arkansas winch rather com-
plicated the matter, and it failed in the committee
1 of conference, as 1 was informed by my distm-
, flushed friend from Virginia, the chairman of the
| Committee on Finance. I introduced a bill at the
; commencement of this session for the same pur-
, pose: and it was referred to the Committee on
j Commerce. That was the committee to which
| always heretofoie applications for buildings for
: purposes of post offices, custom-houses, and of-
I for holding the courts of the United States
I had been refened. The application was referred
i by the. committee to the Secretary of the Treas-
I ury; and the Secretary of the Treasury said, m
j his communication to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, that Trenton was not a port
of delivery, but a port of entry, with very little
commerce. That is true enough; but we propose
to change it, ttnd it may be a very important
place in the course of a short time. Put he left
entirely out of view the fact that it is the capital
of the Slate of New Jersey; that the post office
there is a very important one indeed; and that
there is no place there in which the courts of the
United States can hold their meetings; no place
in which the records can be kept. A room is
hired for that purpose from time to time, or the
clerk of the court carries them backwards and
forwards from one place to another, ks he hap-
pens to travel fiom Patterson, where he lives,
down to Trenton. An adverse report was made
upon that application by the Committee on Com-
merce; and great injustice has been done to the
State of New Jersey—very great injustice. I de-
sire now to offer an amendment; and I hope Sen-
ators will accept it for the purpose of doing jus-
tice to that gallant little State:
And for the put chase of a site, and for the erection of a
building for the courts of the United States, the post office,
and collector's office in Trenton, New Jersey, $50,0U0.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that he must first dispose of the question of
order which has been raised. The Senator from
Mississippi takes an appeal from the decision of
the Chair ruling out of order the amendment
offered by the Senator from Missouri. The Sen-
ator from Missouri stating that it is not reported
from any committee, or recommended by the De-
partment, the Chair decides that, under the 30th
rule, which is in these words—
" No amendment pi oposmg additional appropriations shall
be received to any geneiat appropriation bill, unless it be
made to cairy out the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
duung that session, or moved by the dhection of a standing
or select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an
estimate lrom the head of some of tiie Depai tments," Stc.,
this amendment is not in order. The Senator
from Mississippi appeals from that decision, and
the question is: " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. IVERSON. I do not rise to make a speech;
but 1 wish to put a case to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, and ask him a question under this point
of order. Suppose a committee reports an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill for §100,000. That
is m order, because it comes from a committee.
Suppose another Senator moves an amendment
appropriating another $100,000, and that is put
on; and another Senator proposes another amend-
ment of $100,000, and so on until it is $1,000,000.
is that the amendment of the committee? Is that
the report of the committee? Is it the amend-
ment of any committee ? Certainly not. There-
port of the committee is for $100,000, and the
amendment is for $1,000,000.
Mr. PUGH. As I want the benefit of all these
precedents that gentlemen set, I demand the yeas
and nays on that question. If gentlemen claim
the right to add amendments to those of commit-
tees, I want the question fixed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the ques-
tion is taken, I wish to put a question to the Chair;
and that is, whether it is in my power to raise a
question of order on the first proposition offered
bv the Senator from Indiana?
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it will be, when this.question is disposed
of.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope not, because the Chair
has cnteitained the first proposition, and was
about to put the question. Then an amendment
was moved by the Senator from Missouri. The
question was clearly in possession of the Senate
without objection from the Chair or any member
of the Senate; and I hold, after an amendment
has been moved to it, and a question has been
raised on'the amendment to the amendment, and
an appeal taken from that, we are not to go back
to the original proposition. The question has
been waived.
Mr. GREEN. The whole of this question
grows out of the rule of the Senate No. 30. That
rule does not permit any individual Senator to
move an amendment unless he has an estimate
from a Department, or is authorized by a commit-
tee to offer it. If it be an amendment to reduce an
appropriation, or if it be to change a general law,
he can; but if it be to increase tiie appropriation
he cannot offer it. Ilere an amendment was of-
fered by the Senator from Indiana, and came by
authority of a committee. I raised no question
of order, nor did anybody else. The rule says
no amendment shall be moved to the bill without
the authority of a committee, or of an estimate.
The amendment offered by my colleague is not
an amendment to the bill; it is an amendment to
the amendment, and unless the Senate persist and
push it on the bill, it will never go there. It is
all a technical rule with no foundation in reason
or common sense, cutting off the rights of indi-
viduals, and doing injustice to the public; and
hence it ought to be strictly construed. Yes, sir,
I think it ought to be stricken out; but while this
rule stands, you, as administrator of the rules,
must administer it, but administer it to the letter.
The amendment proposed is not an amendment
to the bill fit is an amendment to the amendment,
The technical literal construction of the rule does
