436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
addressed the President of the Senate to institute
an inquiry whether my colleague and myself had
any right to a seat on the floor of the Senate, he
taking the ground that Rhode Island had not a
republican form of government. After he had
made about half a dozen speeches on the subject,
1 got the liberty, through the intervention of an
honorable Senator from South Carolina, and an
honorable Senator from Alabama, who was, at the
presidential election pieceding the last, elected to
the seat you now occupy, sir, to explain the Rhode
Island matter, and see if we could make out any
sort of titles to seats here. The explanation I then
gave of our rights to seats was this: that we helped
to make this Government before his State (Ohio)
was born, and that was the title we had. We
actcd with Georgia in making this Government.
I have great respect for the State of Georgia, and
she ought to have respect for Rhode Island, and
not call in question the institutions under which
Rhode Islanders formerly lived; for one of her
sons, and a Rhode Island mechanic too, defended
Georgia and South Carolina in the grcc.t struggle
of the Revolution.
The State of Georgia has voted to a distin-
guished general of Rhode Island a whole island
as a generous tribute to his memory and his ser-
vices m that State. The Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Evans] reminds me that his State voted
that general <£10,000 for his services. Are they
the States which are going to question my right to
a seat here, on the ground that Rhode Island had
not a republican form of government when those
great deeds of valor were done that made this a
nation? No, sir. I go behind all these notions
' about Democracy, and I say we made this Gov-
ernment; we fought for the soil over which its
jurisdiction was to extend, and we triumphed
upon every battle-field. Rhode Island furnished
more officers and more men than any other State
of the same number of souare miles in this whole
country. Whom did the Father of his country re-
fer to as his successor, if Providence should with-
draw him from that controversy? Thcveryman
to whom Georgia and South Carolina voted this
generous tribute as a recognition of his services—
a man, let me tell you, sir, who was first in the
hearts of his countrymen at that day, excepting
only one, and second only to him because he was
peerless among men.
I know that the remarks to which I am reply-
ing were made in a different spirit and for a dif-
ferent purpose; but for whatever purpose they
were made, I cannot consent to sit here and hear
the institutions of the State from which I come
characterized by epithets so unkind and unjust
as were used by the Senator from Georgia. Sir,
the State of Rhode Island is almost the only ori-
ginal democratic government on this continent.
A Imost all the colonies within the limits of the
old United States were organized and made bodies
corporate under the King of Great Britain,under
charters which emanated from the Crown; but in
Rhode Island the body-politic was instituted, and
declared to be formed by the people themselves.
They said that, in the presence of Jehovah, they
declared themselves to be a body-politic and cor-
porate, having no reference to the Crown or the
Parliament. They said further, that the govern-
ment which they established was " a democracy,
or popular government." And then they ex-
plained what a democracy means; and the defini-
tion has not been improved upon by time. They
say, "it is the power of the body of freemen or-
derly assembled"—no border ruffianism, but the
" people orderly assembled," or the major part
of them, to make or constitute just laws by which
they will be regulated, and to depute from among
themselves such ministers as shall see them faith-
fully executed between man and man." Another
article on which they agreed declared that no man
should be held delinquent for any matter of reli-
gious belief, so that he did not disturb the public
peace. This was as early as 1638; and I should
like to know from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire if he can get anything out of the granite
rocks of his State quite as far back as that about
popular sovereignty ? It reads somewhat in this
way:
i£ The 7th day of the first month, 1638.
" We whose names are undenviitteri, do heie solemnly,
iri the pi«senee of Jehovah, meoipoiate onr<fIves into a
bodic politick, and, as He shall help, will submit our per-
sons, lives, and estates unto our Lord Jesus Chn^t, the
King of Kings and Lord of Lords, and to all those perfect
and most absolute lawes of His. given us in His Holy Woid
of truth, to be guided and judged thereby."—Exod. xxiv.,
4; 2 Chron., xi., 3; 2 Kings, xi., 17.
After this they went on under a single judge,
as of old, for a while, and then elected officers
more in conformity with later civil States, and de-
clared these two things:
u Itis ordered and unanimously agreed upon, that the Gov-
ernment which this Bodie Politick doth attend unto in this
Island, and the Jurisdiction thereof,in favor of'our Prince,
is a Demociacie, or Popular Government; that is to say, It
is in the Power of the Body of Freemen orderly Assembled,
or the IVIajoi pait of them, to make or constitute Just Lawes,
by which they will be regulated, and to depute fiotn among
themselves! .such Ministers as shall see them faithfully ex-
ecuted between Man and Man.
" tt was further ordered, by the authoiity of this present
Oouite,that none bee accounted a Delinquent for Doctrine:
Provided, it be not directly repugnant to ye Government oi
Lawes established." .
This was the origin of our government. Was
it a tyranny? They admitted every man by a
regular vote, whom they allowed to have a share
in the government; and when he behaved un-
worthily they disfranchised him by a regular and
popular vote, and made a record of it. They had
no pannier-basket voting as the Dorrites had in
1842, who went about to collect votes anywhere
and everywhere—and the same thing has been
practiced in Kansas. In our State they took the
muster-roll of a company at the fort, and put it
into their list of votes for the people's constitu-
tion, just as the Cincinnati directory was used
for the same purpose in Kansas. Such voting is
not popular sovereignty as we understand it; it is
not a fair way to ascertain the will of the people.
I have adverted to the origin of the government
of Rhode Island,for the purpose of correcting the
impressions of the Senator from Georgia. Al-
though it is only a few years ago since the diffi-
culties there occurred, people seem to have for-
gotten them. I do not blame them for forgetting
them, because they have a great man y things to at-
tend to, and platforms are made so frequently that
hardly anybody can keep the run of them, if i
were going to make a platform, or to advise the
making of one for the opposite party, to-day, I
would advise them to qualify their doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty, and besides providing that the
people should regulate things in their own way,
subject to the Constitution of the United States, I
would also say: " and provided further, that their
institutions should conform to the ordinary pro-
prieties and decencies of civilized society," for
that would cover this Utah business. [Laughter.]
Platformscertainly want such a qualification; and
when you have qualified these party platforms
enough, you will have qualified all the popular
sovereignty out of them. I do not mean, how-
ever, to make a speech about that, it is not worth
making a speech about; but I am going to stand
by this Rhode Island business. I came here par-
ticularly to defend her. She is a little State to
look at, but a good one for sound doctrines.
In Rhode Island, for more than one hundred
years, they tried free suffrage,and yet it was said
wc had an odious sort of suffrage in Rhode
Island. Afterwards they prescribed a property
qualification, and the preamble to the law pre-
scribing it, declared that bribery and fraud had
become a scandal, and the property qualification
was imposed in order to get rid of it. Looking
at the result of the last elections in some of our
cities, I desire to know whether it would not be
desirable to put a stop to bribery and fraud?
Rhode Island did not wish to live under such a
scandal. We tried a system of free suffrage for
one hundred years, but it became corrupted. Some
things grow bad as they grow old, others grow
better with $ge—such as the liquor we have been
trying to find out about, in the committee over
which the honorable Senator from Georgia pre-,
sides. [Laughter.] I know I shall get a smile
from the Senator from Georgia. I do not mean
to let anybody get mad with Rhode Island, any-
how you can fix it. I never mean to permit my-
self to be provoked into any discussion that is not
pertinent to the matter in hand, unless somebody
assails Rhode Island, and then I am on hand at
any time. Now, if the Senator is perfectly satis-
fied, I will go no further, and I hope he will get
up when I have done and retract all he has said,
and then I will indorse him; and I will convince
him afterwards, if he will not be convinced now.
Mr. 1VERSON. I will take this occasion to
say that I did not make any statement in relation
to Rhode Island on my own information or knowl-
edge. I only said what was, at the time, the uni-
versal opinion, at least m that section of the coun-
try where I live, that there was a decided majority
of the people of Rhode Island who desired to
change their government; that they were not per-
mitted to change it; that, in order to put down
this popular sovereignty, it became necessary to
employ a portion of the troops of the United
States; or, at any rate, the troops were called for
and announced to be ready to put down the ma-
jority of the peopie of Rhode Island, and main-
tain a government which the majority declared
was onerous to them. That was,the understand-
ing. I may have been mistaken; popular opinion
may have been mistaken; but that was the uni-
versal impression in my section, at that time.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator has now taken
| back as much as three quarters of what he said
before, for it takes all the virus out of charges
when they are confessed to depend upon public
rumor; and if I go on a little longer, I think it
probable that he will take back the rest, so that'
we shall perfectly agree. I shall not say any-
thing as to what this Government did in regard
to the troubles in Rhode Island, but I will tell you
what the people of Rhode Island did.
The State of Rhode Island called the convention
to which I alluded. Mr. Dorr was elected to the
regular convention; but the ox-roasting meeting
of which I spoke called another convention, and
he was appointed to that also. We thoughtone
convention was quite enough atone time; and we
went on and made a constitution providing for
open suffrage, and allowing everybody to vote.
I must confess I was rather against that; but I
went home from this city to vote for it, because
my friends thought I ought to go there and help
it. They asked me to go out and make a speech
in favor of it, when I got to Providence; but I
told them no; I would never make a speech in
favor of that alteration; I would rather have the
old charter; but out of deference to their wishes,
I would vote silently for the new constitution,
though I thought the alteration was no improve-
ment. There were a great many charter men who
would not vote for this new form of government
with free suffrage; and they, going with the Dorr-
ites, who did not want any change unless they
themselves made it, voted down the now consti-
tution framed in 1842, and I came back here.
When they voted down our constitution they had
a meeting, and put theirs out to the peopie; or, I
believe, they put it out a little before ours. They
went around the State with horses, and took in
the votes at the forts and everywhere, and finally
counted them up. When they were short, I be-
lieve they took some of the shipping papers of
vessels to see how many men had gone to sea,
and voted for them, on the ground that they could
have voted if they had been at home. [Laughter.]
They made out just enough to make out a major-
ity, as they counted and ciphered, and called that
a decided expression of popular sentiment against
the old charter! Our folks did not think much
of that kind of voting; and we called a new con-
vention, of which I was a member, and we made
the present constitution.
Now 1 wish to ask the Senator from Georgia
one question. When there is an existing Gov-
ernment that has gone through a revolution such
as ours had gone through; when there has been
no complaint of it for two hundred years, does
lie believe there is such a case of necessity as jus-
tifies going around with pannier baskets, and
manufacturing votes to show that a majority of
the people are against it ? Does he believe in "that
kind of voting against a regularly organized and
! constituted government, when there was no com-
' plaint, and when the people had just rejected a
proposed new constitution, although there was a
large majority in favor of altering the old system
of representation? I do not believe there is a
State south of Mason and Dixon's line that would
tolerate such a doctrine for an hour of allowing
anybody and everybody to vote. That is rather
a dangerous doctrine.
The Senator from Georgia thinks the State of
Rhode Island called upon this Government to put
down its own people. That is not so; but I will
tell you why that State called upon the Federal
Government. It was stated upon this floor by a
distinguished Senator that unless the Government
of Rhode Island yielded, the great States of this
