1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman yielded
the floor to me to allow me to introduce my amend-
ment.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to say to the gentle- i
man-from Georgia that the subject of this resolu- ;
tion has no connection at all with the difficulties ;
with Great Britain. The attack on the Water j
Witch occurred in February, 1855—three years !
ago last February. I am opposed to the amend- j
ment, as I think the difficulties it refers to can be ;
easily settled by negotiation. ;
Mr. CRAWFORD. All that I desire is to get j
a vote upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to say a word, if
the gentleman will withdraw the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RITCHIE withdrew it.
Mr. LETCHER. My objection to the resolu-
tion is this: the Constitution of the United States
vests in Congress the power to declare war, and
yet, by this resolution, we propose to vest the
President with discretionary power in the matter.
It is, practically, a transfer from Congress to him
of the authority to declare war against Paraguay.
It seems to me in view of this resolution and of
the amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Georgia, that we are transferring the whole war-
making power of the Government into the hands
of the Executive, who is to use it according to his
discretion. Now, if there is a necessity for war
with either of these Powers, I am for the Congress
of the United States taking the responsibility
which belongs to it—to declare that war and to
furnish the Executive with men and money to
prosecute it to a successful conclusion. I know
that wrong has been done in both of these cases;
but, as I said, I am for Congress taking the re-
sponsibility which the Constitution devolves upon
it, and not transfer it to any other 011 whom the
Constitution does not devolve it. The Constitu-
tion defines our powers and points out our duty.
Mr. RITCHIE. In reply to the gentleman
from Virginia, I say that this resolution does
take the responsibility which Congress ought to
take; and whatever the President does under this
resolution, is done by the authority of Congress.
But it is believed by every man acquainted with
this aftdir, that the mere exhibition of a few small
vessels at the mouth of the river will settle the
whole difficulty, and that I here will br 110 neces-
sity for the actual use of the force. We do not
want to drive the President into a war, whether
or no. We merely authorize him to use force in
ease he cannot help it; and whenever he does use
it, the force will be used by our authority. This
resolution takes the whole responsibility. That
was the understanding of the Committee 011 For-
eign Affairs, and that is the plain meaning of the
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman does not
exactly understand my point.
Mr. RITCHIE. Yes, I do; the gentleman says
that we give authority to the President to use
force. So wc do, and we take the responsibility
of all the force which may be necessary. The
President has nothing to do except in fulfillment
of our resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. My point m regard to it is
this: that it is for Congress to judge of the neces-
sity of declaring war, and that it ought not to be
dependent upon the discretion of anybody. We
ought to act for ourselves.
Air. RITCHIE. My reply is that the resolu-
tion does recognize the necessity of usmg force
in this ease. But this is a very distant legion of
the world. It is the case of a half barbarous peo-
ple just entering into the family of nations. Out
a few years since they had no communication
whatever with an}' nation. And the objectot tins
resolution is to bring that country under the laws
of nations, as recognized by everybody. I now
move the previous question, and will not with-
draw it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a qu< stion.
Mr. RlTCUIIi.
No, sir; I insist on ihfi pre-
vious question.
JMr. CRAWFORD I desire to know what is
tbo d liVot oncfi between firing into the Water Witch
and linu£ into twenty-seven other vessels ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
is not m order. ^ ,
My. CRAWFORD. T am aware of that. I shall
move a suspension of the rules in order that 1 may
offer my amendment in the shape of a separate
resolution
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
-The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. ^
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was ordered to a
third reading, and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 move the previous question
upon the passage of the joint resolution
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Does the reso-
lution provide any men- and money to carry on
the war with Paraguay?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Baiksdale, Billmghurst, Bishop, Boeoek, Bowie,
Boyco, Brunch, Brayton, Burhngame, Burnett, Bums Bur-
roughs, Ca«kie, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochiane, Cockorill,Cox, Craw-
ford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dick, Dimmick, Dowricll, Durfee,
Edtc, Edmundson, Elliott, Enght-h, Eustis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gamellj Cilhs, Gilman, Greenwood, Gregg,
GroePbocU, Eawienco W. Hall, Hatch, HilU Hopkins, Ilor-
ton, Ilushes, Iluylei, Jackson, Jcwetu J. Glancy Jones,
Owen Jones, KcVy, Ivclsey, Landy, TiCidy,Loveiov, Mac-
I iy, McKibbm, Humpluey Mar-hall, Samuel  S. Marshall,
Mason, Maynard.Miller,Moirill, {suae N". Mortis, Niblaek,
Paiker, Fe\ ton, William W I'helps, Phillip-, Pottle, Pow-
ell, Ready,"Reagan, Ueilij, Uioaud, Ritchie, Robbing Rub-
cits,R<>)co, Rutin), Saiuhdae, Sav.mc. Scales, Scott, Seal-
ing. Henry M. Shaw, Shoiter, Bn-klcs. Singleton, ilobeit
Smith. VVihiam Smith. Stephens. James A. ritewau, Tal-
bot, Gcoige Tajlor, Tompkins, Vallandichani, Elhhu B.
Wa^lilinuie, White, Wmslovv, Wood, U'oitendyke, and
Zolhcofin—115.
NAYS — Mespi®. Abbott, Andiews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Bliss, Bryan, Bmiinton, Cat-e, Ezra CJatk, Chiw^on,
Col:a\, Connns, Covode, Ciagin, Cuitis, Davis ol Mary-
land. Davis of Mi>si--tp;u, Dawes-, Dean, Dodd, Fenton,
Fosti'i, G.uni'U, Gooeh, G-oode, Goodwin, Gt.mgei, Glow,
Ilailan, tlau-kin^ Iloaid, floa^ton. Howaul, Guoige W.
Joue«i,Kello<tjr. K l2oie,Knapp.L<uvrcnec.Leitei. Letcher,
McQueen, M.itte>on, Milbon, IVIooie. Moigan, Ed waul Joy
Morn?, Freeman II. Moist1, Ohvei A. Moisc, Mott, Mini ay,
i Nichols, Palmer, Pcltit, John S. Phelps, Pike, Potfei, t'ur-
i viauee, Quitman. Aaion Shaw, John Sheunan, Spinner,
j Staliwotti), Stanton, William Stewart, T.ippan, Tbaj-er,
| Thompson, Trippo, Underwood, VVadc, Waihrtd^", YVal-
' dion, Walton, Oadwalader 0. Washburn, Israel Washburn,
and Augustus I'. Wright—79.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ATKINS stated that Mr. Watkins was
detained at his room by indisposition.
Mr. JENKINS, who was not within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote,
but objection was made.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole oil the state of
the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to allow
mo to move that the bills upon ihe Speaker's table
bo taken up and referred to the respective com-
mittees wuhout debate.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no objec-
tion to that. * 
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any such limita-
tion on tlie disposal of the bills.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
motion to :?ivo the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Crawford] an opportunity to offer his resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I merely wanttoputGreat
Britain on the same footing with Paraguay.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must decline to
do so.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to—ayes one hundred
jj and thirty-eight, noes not counted.
The rules were, accordingly suspended;*and the
House resolved itself into the Committee ^of-the k
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. BoeocK iia
the chair.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATION BILL
The CHAIRMAN stated the business first in -
order to be the consideration of the bill of the -_t
House (No. 557) making supplemental appropri- -
ations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for tlie-
year ending June 30, 1859.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This bill is for sup- •
plemental expenses of the Indian department on
the Pacific coast, for the next fiscal year. It will
be remembered that at an early period of the ses-
sion the regular Indian appropriation bill was
passed. The estimates in accordance with law
were made up to the commencement of-the session
of Congress; but, in consequence of the reports
not being received from the Pacific coast in time,
the estimates for the Indian service on that coast
were not included in that bill. This bill and House
bill No. 555 might almost be considered in one
bill. But in consequence of the appropriations
contained in that bill being to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the depart-
ment, the Committee of Ways and Means have
therefore separated those two bills. This bill-ap-
propriates between six and seven hundred thou-
sand dollars; andis, properly speaking,an appen-
dix to the regular Indian appropriation bill. Alt
( the items of appropriation reported by the Com-
; nntteo of Ways and Means in this bill are in
j accordance with the requirements of treaty stip-
! ulations and the expenses necessary for carrying
i on the Indian department; and the bill cannot-
i therefore be properly amended. I move that the
bill be read through by clauses, for amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means why,
if the appropriations provided for in this bill
j are ill accordance with treaty stipulations, theic
i should have boon any necessity for deficiencies?
i; Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The inquiry of
ji the gentleman from Georgia, I presume, is in-
h tended to apply to bill No. 555, which is a defi-
|i ciency bill.
ij Mr. SEWARD. I thought this was the bill,
ij The Clerk commenced reading the bill by
!; clauses, for amendment.
li Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I desire to
j; amend, by inserting at the end of line severity-
j four the following;
I For the expenses of bunging to this and othei orties of
j j the States a (Ideation of Indian chiefs from the Terrifori&a
ji of Oiegonand Washington,$\>J,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is that provided
for by treaty stipulations ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. It is con-
tained in the estimates of the Department, and I
think should be included in the bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As it is not pro-
vided for by treaty stipulations, I submit that it
is not in order.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
| pelled to decide the amendment out of order.
| Mr. OTERO. I move to amend by striking
i out "§75,000" in the following paragraph, and
j! inserting " $150,000:"
i! c< For the genera! incidental expenses oftlie Indian service
: hi Mow Mexico, picsem-, ot"goods,agricultural implement*,
and other useful iuti"lc. and to assist them to loeate in
' p'-rmanent abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuit of
It civilized life, to lie expended under the direction of the Sec-
retaivofthe Iiuenor, &7o,000."
Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment
for the purpose of asking the chairman of the
I. Committee of Ways and Means why it is that
| the estimates of the superintendent of Indian af-
!i fairs in New Mexico have been reduced one half,
I in the face of the fact that the superintendent had,
! to my own knowledge, reduced his estimate to
' the lowest possible point before he handed them
1 m, in consideration of the bankrupt condition of
I the Treasury? It is a fact, air, susceptible of no
! contradiction, that many of the Indian tribes in
i the Territory are actually compelled to steal or to
starve to death, in consequence of the pitiful al-
lowance made by the Government for their sus-
tenance. They have been, during the past winter,
stealing and robbing the citizens of the Territory
