1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
man. I understand all of this contract business.
] want to know whether it is embraced in Mr.
Rives's contract that he shall disburse the chari-
ties of this body? What has Mr. Rives to do with
this appropriation? The assertion, "to enable
Mr. Rives" to pay these reporters, is not a truth.
He is able to pay that amount, and when we vote
in that language we vote in a falsehood. It should
be to enable the Treasury of the United States to
pay it, under the sanction of iaw, to these gentle-
men.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Geor-
gia. I cannot believe that the gentleman is serious
in proposing it. It seems to have been customary
to allow the official reporters of this House, at
each session, the sum named in this bill. It has
been introduced here in accordance with that
usage of the House.
Mr. HUGHES. This is an enabling act, and
I wish to know whether the gentleman is in favor
of it ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will state, in time, what
I am in favor of. As I understand it, the sum
has already been appropriated to pay the general
sum allowed to the reporters, and as it has been
usual to pay them this additional compensation,
it comes here properly as a deficiency. The gen-
tleman asks me whether I am m favor of an en-
abling act ? I have suggested already to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that it would be better to
substitute for the words "to enable John C. Rives
to pay to," the word "for." I am decidedly in
favor of voting to provide for this deficiency in
what it has been usual to appropriate for these
reporters.
Mr. WARREN. I wish the gentleman to in-
form the committee how long it has been the prac-
tice of the House to allow this money to the re-
porters. Has it not been the practice for eight
years ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I cannot speak from expe-
rience, but I understand that it has been the prac-
tice for that time. 1 say that this is the proper
place for it; because, in making the appropriation
for paying the reporters, theie was omitted that
which has been allowed them, in accordance with
the practice of the House, for eiffht years; there-
fore, I am in favor of leaving this appropriation
in the bill. It is a deficiency, and not an original
appropriation. It is a deficiency, because, when
the appropriation was made of the sum necessary
to pay these reporters, this was omitted. I hope
the amendment, and the amendment to the amend-
ment, will be rejected.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Hughes.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia suggested that this might be struck out, so
as to give us the yeas and nays m the House on
striking it out.
[Several voices. No ! No !]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I demand tellers on my amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CoMi.vsand
Florence were appointed.
The amendment was rejected — ayes twenty-
seven; noes not counted.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That the bill be reported to the House with a
recommendation to recommit it to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions to repot t m t-epauilc bill- tlie.
items for defieicnces in the appiopiiations tor each head of
expenditure for the service of the present fiscal year, and :n
another bill all appropriations designed foi the service of the
next fiscal year, and also with instructions to mquiic what
further legislation is necessary to restoie to Confess .m ef-
ficient control over the expenses of the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That resolution is not submitted, as I understand,
as an amendment. If it is," it is not germane to
the matter under consideration.
Mr. GARNETT. I submit that such a resolu-
tion is always in order, because it is competent
for the committee at any time to rise and ret-oit.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia that, under the rules
of the House, it is not in order for the committee
to rise and report the bill as long as an amend-
ment is pending, or anybody proposes to offer
an amendment. The Clutir is then-fore of cp-n-
ion that the isolation sj not m order until all
amendments shall have been disposed of.
Mr. HUGHES. I move now to amend the
clause in relation to the Globe reporters, by strik-
ing out the words " four thousand dollars."
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The question has been taken on the proposition
to strike out the whole clause and it has failed.
Prior to the submission of that motion it was in
order to have perfected the clause proposed to be
stricken out; but the question having be«n taken
on the motion to strike out the entire clause, it is
not in order to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, on the ground that the rule of the House
says distinctly that a motion to strike out, being
lost, shall not afterwards preclude other amend-
ments to strike out, and to strike out and insert.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to call the attention of the Chair to the
effect of the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Indiana. It is the very same thing in
its effect as the former amendment, to strike out
the whole clause. The gentleman proposes now
to strike out the whole amount proposed to be
appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand it.
Mr. WARREN. I understand he proposes to
strike out the $4,000.
The CHAIRMAN. He proposes to strike out
the $4 ,000, and leave the $800 standing.
Mr. WARREN. It is the same thing. The
effect is the same. I speak of the effect, and 1
desire to call the attention of the Chair to the fact,
that in the event this amendment prevails, there
will be no appropriation left, and I take it you
might as well strike out the entire clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The effect would be the
same, but it is not for the Chair to judge of the
effect of the amendment. The gentleman from
Indiana has a ri ht to offer it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that this amendment proposes to
strike out the whole appropriation in the clause.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order for the com-
mittee to leportthc appropriation bill in blank.
Mr. HUGHES. When I first moved to strike
out this entire section, I considered it unnecessary
to submit any remaiks; but the remarks of the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] induce
me to desire to submit one or two observations
in reference to the principle involved in this pro-
posed appropriation. My object in submitting the
motion was to take such steps as I could towards
attacking what I conceive to be the greatest obstruc-
tion to the public business and the greatest waste
of the public money that exists under this Gov-
ernment. I refer to this whole system of official
reporting. I believe, sir, that that system is the
greatestobstruction to the public business, and the
most unwarrantable expenditure of the public
funds that is to be found under our whole system
of Government. It gives rise to all these written
essays that are not read here for the House but for
that other tiibunal to which most of the declama-
tion delnfired upon this floor is directed—"the
countiy."
Mr. WARREN. I apprehend the gentleman
dot s not allude to me when he speaks of " written
essays," for no one ever heard of my reading a
sptech heie.
Mr. HUGHES. I except the gentleman.
Mr. WAPtREN. I am glad he does, fur I al-
ways speak what I have to say. ,
Mr. HUGHES. I cxccpt the gentleman from
these remarks. By the way, the gentleman says
that lie is surprised at the quarter from which the
objection to this clause comes—surprised that it
should come fiom a Democrat. lam surprised j
at him, that he should stand here and advocate an
" enabling act.'"
Mi. ClUITMAN. I call the gentleman from
Indiana to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, sir, as gentlemen seem,
to use laniiuaso which was applied to me the other
day, " rather prolific in questions of order," I
will abandon the discussion, and take my seat.
Mr. Hi Civ MAN, I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana. This, sir,
is not the Luc to object to the sv^em, w hich has
bo en foi a time pursued, of reporting the de-
bates of ih.e H'rj.vj. If the south-man desnrs to
make objection to it, it would come more properly
at another time and under different circumstances-.
Now, sir, what is proposed in this clause of the
bill has many considerations to recommend it. In
the first place, it has usage. I understand frofri
gentlemen who profess to have knowledge upon
the subject, that this compensation has" been al-
lowed for the last eight years at least. In addi-
tion to that, the compensation paid by Mr. Rives
to the reporters is known to be inadequate. I am
informed that it has averaged from twelve to thir-
teen hundred dollars a year to each of the report-
ers. We know the amount of their labors, and
the character of those labors. Now, sir, the Gov-
ernment will not save anything by striking this
from the bill, for the simple reason that Mr. Rives,
in making his contracts with the reporters, looks
to this as a part of the compensation which is to
be paid to them, and if it were stricken from the
bill, the consequence would be that Mr. Rives
himself would doubtless insist upon an increase
of pay, for the purpose of making an increase of
pay to his employes. We may as well, therefore,
meet the question now as at any other time, and
I regard the appropriation as eminently proper.
Mr. Hughes's amendment was not agreed to
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by striking
out the following portion of the bill:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of fuel for the officers, enlisted men, guard,
hospitals, stoiehouses, and offices; forage in kind fur thy
horses, mules, and oxen of the quartermasters' department
ar the several posts and stations, and with the armies in the
field ; for the horses of the two regiments of dragoons, the
two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted riflemen,
the companies of light artillery, and such companies of in-
fantry as may he mounted, and for the authorized number
of officers' horses when reiving in the field and at the out-
post-* ; of btraw for soldier' budding, and of stationery, in-
cluding company and other blank books for the Army, cer-
tificates for discharged sokheis, blank forms for the pay and
(jU'UtenricVsiei'b departments; and foi the printing of divis-
ion and department order*, Army regulations, and reports,
$780,000.
For the purchase of horses for the uvo regiments of
diagoons, the two regiments of cavairy, the regiment of
mounted riflemen,thecornpeames of light artillery, and such
infantiy as it may be found necessary to mount at the fron-
tier posts, $£30,000.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters and packages received
and sent by officers of the Army on public service; expenses
of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including the addi-
tional compensation to judge advocates, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under the act of
Match 16, 1602; e\tra pay to soldier employed under the
dnecuon of quartermasteidepartment, in the erection of
b.uiaeks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals, the con-
struction of roads, and other constant labor, lor periods not
lr:--s than ton day*, under the acts of Mai eh £, 1819, and
August 4. including tho^e employed as clerks at divis-
ion and department headquarter; expenses of express
to and fiom the frontier posts and ainnes in the field; of
o-corirs to payma-ter«, other di<hurbin« ofticers, and tiams
when military escorts cannot be fum^hed; expenses of the
interment of non-comnussioned officers and soldiers; au-
thorized otfice furniune ; hue ot laborer in the quarter-
master's department, including line of interpreters, spies,
and guides for the Aimv ; compensation of clerk to officers
of the quartermaster's department; compensation of foi age
and \va?on ma-ter, autnorized by the act of July 5,1838;
lor the apprehension of deserters, and thCLexpenses inci-
dent to their pursuit; the following expenditures required
lot the two regiments of diagooiissthe two legnnents of cav-
airy, tin* regiment of mounted riflemen, and such compa-
nies of infantiy as may be mounted, viz., the purchase of
traveling totges, blackc-mithh' and shoeing tools, horse and
mule -hoes and nails, i;on and steel for shoeing, lure of vet-
ennarv surgeons, medicines for horses and mules, picket
rope? and shoeing the horses of those corps, $190,000.
For constructing bairaek-s and other building* at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy duiinff the jcar; and
| for icpairiug, altering, and enlarging building-at the ivtab-
IMied posts, including hire or commutation of quartern for
officer-on miiitaiy duty; hire ofquaitei-' foi troop--, of stoic-
hoirc- for the safe keeping of nnlitaiy =-toie«, and of giounds
foi Miinmer cantonment.-; for encampments and tempoiary
ftontier station.-, $80,000.
For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of
the tioops when moving eithei by land or water; of cloth-
ing, camp, andgairison equipage Horn the depot at Phila-
delphia to the seveial posts and At my depots ; hoi^c equip-
ments and of subsidence from the places of purchase and
fiom the places of dHiveiy under contract, to such place*
a- the circumstances of the seivice may require it to be sent;
o1' oidnatioe, oidnance stoics, and small arm-*, from the
fnundeiiCv- and armoite-, to the aronal-, foil ideations fron*
t.fi po-ts. and Viiuy depots; freiaht-, wharfage, tolls, and
t.'i'iaar-, foi the puichase and lure of hores, mules, and
o\-< ii. ,.iul the puichase and repair of wasons, carts, di&'/f-,
ship-, and other -ea-going vcs-els and boats l'oi the tians
poitaiion otj-uppEies and foi ga.'iison purposes; foj urayage
and eat taste at tiic scvcial posts ; hire of te.un-N'r?; tiari*—
poitatiou of funds for the pay and other disbursing depart-
Tn'Mits ; rhe expense ol sailing public transports on the va-
uoih uvrs. the Gulf of Mexico, and ihe Allan tic and Pacific;
a-ni f >r pto'^iung water at such po-H as from tlien sliuation
requite tint it be brought from a diVfuve ; and for fleam*4*
load-, and removals obstruction- fiom roads. lnirbs>;-\ and
river, to the extent which mnv bn roquned f'"' t!u> actual
opeidiioa... of the troops on llv , SwlCJ/VO.
