486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
they vote to beat us, or do not submit it at all. I tell you
this scheme of swindling submission will be the blackest
page in your history; and we will never hear the end of
it."
This gentleman has spoken like an honest man,
pro-slavery as he is, and denounced this scheme
of submission as " scoundrelism and humbug-
gery,n intended to defraud and deceive the free-
State men of Kansas. I commend this extract
to the special consideration of gentlemen here,
who claim that the people of Kansas had an op-
portunity of making a free State, and obstinately
refused.
But, sir, this is not all. I have other evidence
to prove that instrument pro-slavery. Another
gentleman, a member of that convention, and
■who assisted in forming the constitution, has
also spoken on this subject; and I now direct the
attention of gentlemen to the following extract
from his speech; 1 allude to Mr. Mobley, a pro-
slavery delegate, who said:
" He was a pro-slavery man, and wanted to take stops to
make Kansas a slave State. He denounced the trick of
the majority report. There were but two ways of making
a State constitution. One of them was to submit, and the
other was to send direct to Congress. He denounced the
majority repott. It is a swindle—a monstrous fraud. It
wears falsehood on its face in loiters of brass. It pretends
to submit the constitution, and docs not. This is a glanng
fraud. It was concocted, not by the pro-slavery party, but
the political Democracy It is a lie, a cheat, a swindle. He
is a pro-slavery man. He wants to make Kansas a slave
Stale. He, therefore, puts in the clause lequirmg the oath.
Their enemies will not take that oath. They will thus pro-
ceed in a stiaightforvvard, regular maimer. What! dojou
expect to catch the Republican party of Kansas with that
bait? You can't do it. f tell you, if you adopt that report,
there will not be live hundred votes for the constitution.
The Republicans will never touch it. The true pro-slavery
men will forsake it. Where will it be? You can't in-
duce the Irec-State men of Kansas to vote under such a
cheat."
It is to be presumed that this gentleman knew
what he was doing, and what ho was speaking;
and no man will venture to say ho was an Aboli-
tionist, determined to make Kansas a free State,
or had any motive to do anything less than make
a slave State of Kansas. lie brands this submis-
sion scheme as " a monstrous fraud, a lie, a cheat,
a swindleand a pretended submission of the
constitution, when it did no such thing. Notwith-
standing these bold and manly declarations, men
are found here from the free States of the North
who claim that this swindle is a bona fide submis-
sion, and that the people are bound by it, and
should have voted. These gentlemen, represent-
ing free State constituencies, voted to force thia
fraud, cheat, and swindle, without any change or
modification whatever, upon a patriotic and free
dom-loving people who had rejected it by an over-
whelming majority; and now these gentlemen,
with an unparalleled audacity, set themselves up
as rulers and lawgivers for the Democratic party,
with power to lead Jeffersonmn Democrats outof
the so-called Democratic party, for refusing to
force upon thatunwiliing and greatly injured peo-
ple a repudiated constitution.
I congratulate the country upon the fact, that
notwithstanding all the schemes and machinations
of these Locofocos, they were unable to force the
Lecompton constitution upon the people of Kan-
sas. Being foiled in this, their favorite scheme,
they applied themselves to getting up another
swindle, by which to cheat and defraud that peo-
ple. The English bill was the result of their
deliberations, as the last resort, to make a slave
State of free Kansas—a favored scheme of these
men. That bill is no less a fraud and cheat than
the submission scheme proposed in the Lecompton
constitution. We have, in this case, the first trick
of the kind ever attempted by any party to influ-
ence the people to vote for slavery in considera-
tion of a land bribe and their admission into the
Union as a sovereign State, with a pro-slavery
constitution and forty thousand population, while
they had the penalty for refusal held out to them
in the proposition, that, if they did not accept it,
they should not be admitted into the Union until
there should be a population within thatTerritory
of from one hundred and ten to one hundred and
twenty thousand. This is the first instance of an
infliction of punishment for the love of freedom,
since the days of George III. and the American
Revolution. I specially call the attention of this
House and the country to this matter, and now,
in my place here, give the slave-Democracy notice
that i shall hold them responsible before the peo-
ple for this flagrant outrage upon the people of
Kansas, and their usurpation of the rights of the
freemen of the United States. This disparage-
ment of free institutions, by these pretending Dem-
ocrats, shall be published throughout the whole
length and breadth of the land, and upon it we
will go before the country and take the judgment
of the people at our coming elections.
W e have again the humiliating spectacle of free
Kansas in the North, and slave Kansas in the
South, that was so hypocritically and shamefully
practiced upon the people of those sections of the
Union, with only this difference: that it is now
submission of the Lecompton constitution under
the English bill in the North, and non-submission
in the South; thus playing off the same old game
of fast and loose that was too successfully played
under the Kansas-Nebraska act.
The Lecompton Locofocos of the North are
now placing themselves upon the high ground of
submission, and that party at the South put them-
selves upon the opposite ground, and claim there
is no submission; and, with this important decis-
ion upon an essential question, they are now be-
fore the country claiming to be a national party,
with principles harmonious in both sections,
while, in truth, their principles are antagonistical
and diametrically opposite. Let them settle this
inconsistency. They dare not submit it to a vote
of the people of Kansas, and they know it.
The December election was held, at which there
were some twenty-five hundred legal votes polled
—I say nothing of the fraudulent votes—and thisig
now claimed as an indorsement of the swindle by
the people of Kansas. The Legislature which was
elected in Kansas, being a free-State one, organ-
ized and passedalawtosubmitthatconstitution to
the people on the4th day (#f January. The result
you have: overwhelming was the condemnation of
that fraud and swindle, that attempted usurpation
of the rights of the people of Kansas. i will not
discuss the legality of the elections of December
or January. The facts are before the people. The
country understand the position of parties, and
they well know how to make up their action with
regard to them. Condemned as that constitution
was, pledged as Mr. Buchanan and his adminis-
tration had been to a submission of the constitu-
tion to a vote of the people, yet the President, a
Democratic, President—God save us from all such!
—sends to this House a miserable, whining, sick-
ly, regretting messitge, recommending its adop-
tion, in violation ofall the confidence ever reposed
in ban by an honest people, who had been de-
ceived into his support.
Gentlemen tell me that the men out there would
not vote. I admit it. What was the use of their
voting? What propriety was there in theirvoting?
None, sir; for if they had voted they would have
fared no better than rhoy did without voting; but,
in my opinion, worse, infinitely worse. The
thing was set upon them. It was prearranged.
The programme was fixed. The trap had been
set to catch the free-State men in the Territory of
Kansas; but they were not caught; this trick, at
least, failed.
Mr. COX. I ask my colleague whether he ever
adopted the Lecompton constitution?
Mr. LEITER. No, sir.
Mr. COX. Did you ever vote for the pream-
ble to the Crittenden-Montgomery bill containing
that sentiment?
Mr. LEITER. My dear sir, there never was
a vote taken on that preamble.
Mr. COX. Yes, there was.
Mr. LEITER. There never was avote taken
on that preamble, and I call the attention of the
officers of the House to that fact.
Mr. COX. Let me read it. Will the gentleman
allow me to explain? I simply wish to call my
colleague's attention to it, for I want to have the
fact on record, for use in the next campaign.
Mr. LEITER,. Certainly; I know what the
preamble is.
Mr. COX. Let me read it. Thepreamble is:
<c Whereas the people of the Territory of Kansas did, by
a convention of delegates called and assembled at Lecomp-
ton, on the 4th day of September, 1857, for that purpose,
form for themselves a constitution and State government,
which said constitution is republican, and said conven-
tion having asked the admission of said Territory into the
Union as a State on an equal footing with the original
States—55
Mr. LEITER. But you cannot show that I
ever voted for that preamble,and you know it, if
you know anything.
Mr. COX. You voted to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and that was before the en-
acting clause.
Mr. LEITER. Exactly; and instead of taking
a vote on the preamble as usual, no vote was
taken; and you cannot show that there was.
Mr. COX. I can refer the gentleman to the
Congressional Globe, showing his vote. He will
find it at page 1438.
Mr. LEITER. Show it to me, sir. This vote
•was not on the preamble, but upon what followed;
and I repeat, the preamble was never voted upon,
nor was it ever adopted by this House.
Mr. COX. I do not say but my colleague may
have done it in mistake.
Mr. LEITER. No, sir; I do not make mis-
takes in voting. I never voted for that preamble,
and I never would vote for it, and I challenge
you or any other man to produce the record or
vote that will show it. The preamble remained
upon the bill by bad engineering, and not by the
vote of any one.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
SPEECH OF HON. I. T. HATCH,
OP NEW YORK.
In the House of Representatives,
May 31,1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HATCH said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall ask the attention of the
committee for a brief time to the consideration of
the subject of river and harbor appropriations.
No general appropriation since the year 1852
has been made for the improvement of harbors on
the northwestern lakes, and of the navigation of
our north and southwestern rivers.
The millions of property and the thousands of
lives lost upon these waters through the neglect
of the Government, it would seem, should arrest
public attention. The loss of life and property is
still annually increasing. It is doubted, now,
whether the bill reported by the Committee on
Commerce for the mere repair and preservation
of the public works on the northwestern lakes
will receive any consideration proportionate to the
magnitude of the interests involved.
Your Committee on Commerce say, in their re-
port, they" accept for theirguide on this occasion
that legislation of their predecessors which, having
been now nearly consummated by appropriations,
appeals not only to their judgment with the force
of a precedent, but presents to their discretion the
impropriety of suffering, through neglect, the sac-
rifice of the millions of money already expended.
The vastexpanse of commercial enterprise which
occupies the extent of the country, and employs
the myriads engaged in its pursuits, is well wor-
thy of the fostering hand of Government, stretched
to the utmost constitutional verge." They also
say " the fact has been quite apparent that with-
out some assistance the money now expended at
various points along our sea, lake, and river lines
must bccome a total sacrifice. In many instances
the fruits of repeated appiopriations are now per-
ishing for want of proper attention; and in all,
may the works be not only saved at their present
state of completion by timely appropriations, but
preserved for future improvement. Your com-
mittee, therefore, though arrested by the exhaust-
ed condition of the Treasury in their desire to ex-
tend liberal assistance to all works of internal im-
provement, yet have determined to report a bill
comprehensive of appropriations required for the
preservation of improvements commenced at har-
bors and in rivers, but in an unfinished and in-
complete state."
The amount recommended by your committee,
is $1,479,861; an amount almost equal to the cost
of four or five gun-boats or screw propellers pro-
posed to be now built to protect your foreign com-
merce 1
