1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
35th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
The reasonassigned by your committee for rec-
ommending this limited appropriation is the "re-
trenching policy." This committee must speak
sarcastically when they talk about retrenching
river and harbor appropriations! As before re-
marked, no general appropriation for these pur-
poses lias been made for six years. During this
period your Treasury was overflowed; now that it is
empty, you cannot appropriate, because you must
retrench. The resumption of the improvements
of the harbors and rivers is not to be determined,
as we have seen, by an empty or full Treasury;
not as a question of constitutional or equal rights;
but, sir, it will have to be determined as a ques-
tion of political power. Persistent refusal to grant
these appropriations, and indiscriminate opposi-
tion to them, is forcing on this issue; every new
State added to the Northwest hastens and insures
the resumption of the public works. My constit-
uency are deeply interested in the inland com-
merce ofthe country:and,as their Representative,
1 am bound to urge these appropriations. I shall
only now present the subject briefly, leaving a
fuller vindication of their justice to the future.
I believe none will dispute the proposition that
the external commerce of a nation is entirely de-
pendent on the internal commerce and trade.
Foreign commerce cannot exist without domestic
commerce.
The history of the rise and fall of nations, in
past and modern times, attests this truth. There
is only one exception among the four Powers of
the world, and the colossal wealth of that country
has been accumulating from national robbery and j
conquest throughout the earth.
No nation on this globe has an inland com-
merce that equals that of this country, either in
the grandeur of its geographical characteristics or
in the magnitude of its agricultural and mineral
wealth. Nowhere can be found such a chain of
inland seas—Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, SI.
Clair, Huron, Michigan, and Superior—all connec-
ted by rivers, canals, or ship-canals, and bound to
the valley of the Mississippi by a net work of
railroads. But, sir, it is only the agricultural
and mineral wealth which annually pours through
these inland channelsof commerce to which Ivvish
briefly to call attention. All the gold that has
passed through the golden gates of Californ'a since
its discovery does not equal one year's value of
our inland commerce.
Its origin was the completion of the Erie canal
in 1825, which opened the vast wilderness and
boundless prairies of the West to an eastern em-
igration such as never before has been witnessed
in any exodus of the human races. Here the
industrious poor of the world found homes, and
founded States. The products of their labor es-
tablished an inland commerce, from which has ;
arisen foreign commerce sustaining an ocean ma- i
rine that rivals British supremacy on the seas, i
I shall briefly now, sir, refer to the character, j
extent, claims, and mode of protection of this inland i
commerce.
THE CHARACTER OF INLAND COMMERCE.
Chief Justice Taney says, in 12 Howard, page
452,(1851:) |
"These lakes are, in tiuth, inland seas—different States j
border on them on one side, and a foreign nation on the |
other. A great and growing commerce is cained on upon
them between different States and foreign nations, which
is subject to all the incidents and hazaids that attend com-
merce on the ocean. Hostile fleets have encoimieied on
tliem.-and prizes have been made ; and every reason which
existed lor the grant of admiralty jurisdiction to tlm nvern-
menton the Atlantic seas, applies with equal toiee to the
lakes."
THE EXTENT OF INLAND COMMERCE.
For the extent of the inland commerce, I refer
to the official report.
Andrews, in his Colonial Lake Trade, 1852,
says—page 49:
"The whole traffic of these great waters maybe now
unhesitatingly stated at {$326,000,000, employing seventy-
four thousand tons of steam and one hundred andtlmty-
eight thousand tons of sail, for the year 1851. Whereas,
previous to 1800, there was scarcely a craft above the size
of an Indian canoe to stand against an aggregate marine,
built up within half a century, in what was then almost a
pathless wilderness, of two hundred and fifteen thousand
tons burden."
In 1856, you will find in a report of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to this House (No. 316, page
9, vol, 3) an elaborate statement of the tonnage,
imports, and exports of each of the lake districts,
as follows:
Commerce of the lakes—cxcltisive of freight and ■passenger
trade.
Tonnage entered Valve of import$
and exports.
$303;023,000
162,185,640
59,966,000
94,107,000
233,878,000
140,000,000
35.000,000
146j325,000
Double exports and imports  2) 1,174,394,050
and cleared.
Buffalo district.......... $3,330,23-2
Cuyahoga district  1,782,493
Sandusky 
Maumee..,.....  1,034,644
Chicago  2,062,000
Detroit  1,588,000
Milwaukee  
Oswego     1.607,000
Other ports on Lake Ontario omitted....
Total value of commerce of the lakes,
exclusive of Presque Isle and Michih-
mackinac 
587,197,320
42,226,000
629,423.320
I will also add from Graham's official report to
the Senate—page 401:
"The States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michi-
igan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin, and the Territory
of Minnesota, have their shoies washed hy the gieat inland
sean, whose intercommunication, by ship navigation, is
much inteimpted by the want of a safe and sure channel
over these flats.
"The States of NewYoik, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and a
portion of Michigan, on the one M'de, are crippled in their
impoitant commercial relations with the remaining portion
of the State of Michigan, and with the States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Wisconsin, and the Territory of Minnesota, on
the other side, by this intervening obstacle. Something
would sepm, then, under the pui view of the Constitution, to
be necessary to be done, in order to regulate the commeice
between these States. Viewed m this light, the subject
becomes one of great public concern.
" The value of the articles of commerce and navigation
which passed over these flats dunng the two hundred and
thirty days of open navigation, in the year 1855—say be-
tween the middle of Apul and the 1st of December—will be
presently shown to have amounted to tin; immense sum of
$259,721,455 50 ; that is to say, two hundred and fifty-nine
million seven hundred and twenty one thousand four hun-
dred and fifty five dollars aTid filty cents; or, per day, du-
ring the navigable season, $1,129,923 72. The improve-
ment, then, when undertaken, should be executed with a
degiee of peimanency and celerity combined, commensu-
rate with its importance and the magnitude of the interests
involved."
Those who wish to make the comparison be-
tween the inland and foreign commerce will find
that the former always largely exceeds the latter
whenever a healthy prosperity exisls among the
people, and the balance of trade with foreign coun-
tries is preserved. Exports are the credits of a
nation and imports its debits; internal commerce
furnishes its exports. This commerce had re-
ceived every sanction which could establish its
claim for protection from the General Govern-
ment. The hiehest tribunal pronounced it identi-
cal in feature and substance, in every commercial
and national view, with that carried on between
nations on the ocean. So large and of such kind
was it, that in 1845, from the necessities of trade,
Congress was obliged to pass a law extending
over it the whole body of the admiralty laws—a
system of laws never before made applicable save
to the high seas.
The inland commerce, sir, has not only had ju-
dicial and legislative recognition, but its general
protection has been sanctioned by the practice of
the Government until 1852. I add, from a report
of Colonel Abert to the Senate, No. 44, Execu-
tive Document, second session Twenty-Ninth
Congress:
Recapitulation fir the construction and repair of roads and
improvement of harbors.
UnderMr. Jefferson 
Mr. Madison  2o0.000
Mr. Monroe  ^7,000
Mr. Adam5!   2,310,4-o
Mr. Jackson   10,582.8o2
Mr. Van Buren  2.222,514
Mr. Tyler  1,U<6,500
I will not stop to comment here upon these ap-
propriations, except to mark the fact that three
quarters of the harbor and river appropriations
have been made by Democratic Administrations.
The rule which governed these enumerated ap-
propriations was laid down by Mr. Monroe:
« That Congress lias a discretionary power, restricted only
by the duty to make appropriations to purposes of common
defense, and of general, not local—national, not State,
benefit."
This was recognized by Jackson. He says:
" The practice of making appropriation* for iight-houses,
public pieis, haiboia, and ports of the United States, to
render the navigation thereof safe and easy, had been co-
eval within the Constitution itself, and been continued
without interruption or dispute."
THE CLAIMS OF INLAND COMMERCE.
Now, sir, as to the claims of this inland com-
merce on the General Government.
In the census of 1850 it will be found that more
than half the white population of this country-
was in the lake States.
The increasing population of the Northwest
and the advancing immigration have enlarged this
proportion. "If it be true that the consumer pays
the duties, then, sir, the lake regions pay over
half your revenues—some thirty millions. They
are the consumers and the producers. They are
doubly taxed by the delays, the obstructions, and
dangers of the navigation of your lakes and rivers.
The additional charges for freight and insurance
from these causes diminish the value of their pro-
ductions and increase the cost of articles of con-
sumption. Duty-paying merchandise which they
1 consume they buy dearer, while they sell their
own products chcaper, from the neglect of the
Government to improve their linesof inland com-
merce. I will refer again to Graham's report to
show the baneful influences which the neglect to
improve a single work—the national gateway of
the inland commerce of this country—has had
upon the people of the Northwest. At page 408,
he says:
u Freights over St. Clair flats in American vessels in the
jear 1855, woro $13,761,840; and in foreign vessels trading
with American ports $551,256.
"These results ate derived by allowing six dollars per
register tan as the pi lcr of freight* upon the amount of ton-
nage that passed ove  the flats to and from the ports men-
tioned in the districts of Chicago, Milwaukee, Detroit,
Cleveland, Buffalo, Oswego, and Ogdensburg, as shown m
the accompanying statements maiked from N. 55 to N. 70
inclusive These sums aie, of comae, the gross amounts
of the receipts acciumg on freights.
" The net proceeds would he the difference between these
sums and the expenses of navigation, such as the hire of
crews, insurance on vessels, repairs, tugging off St. Clair
flats when aground, losses from detention while thus
aground, pilotage, harbor fees, ficc.
" Among these enumerated expenses, that which arises
from the detention, damage, and towage by steam tugs,
caused liy the obstruction to navigation at the flats, is the
one regarded as the most onerous by the navigators, the
merchants, and the farmers of the nine States and one Ter-
ritory bciforementioned.* They all have to bear a portion
of the additional chargcs> which arise from this cause. The
farmer, has, howevor, the most oppressive part of the bur-
den to bear; because the navigator clears himself, in a great
measure, hy his increased chaigesfor freight, and the mer-
chant by increasing his prices at letail on account of the
losses by the detention and risk giowing out of this obstruc-
tion to navigation. But the farmer is compelled to be gov-
erned by currentpuces for his grain, and the diminution of
pneo allowed him hy the shipper, on account of the con-
tingencies due to the want of i ree navigation over the flats,
is a direct tax on the fiuits of the farmer's industry.
The increase on the rates of freights owing to the ob-
structions, as it now exists, may be estimated at full fifteen
(15) per cent , or annually to the sum of $2,064,276. Full
two thirds of this amount falls on the farmers.f They may,
therefore, bo said to pay an annual tax on their produce,
and neeessaiy articles of consumption, arising from this ob-
struction, ol $1,376,184; winch is more than two and a half
times the estimated cost ofthe woi k upon the most extended
plan proposed."
I have referred to the fact that the largest por-
tion of the revenues in this country is paid by
those interested in the inland commerce. If this
be not true, I ask, sir, to what cause will you
look for the decline of the revenue ? The southern
staples have gone to market in increased quanti-
ties and enhanced prices.
From an overflowing Treasury the Government
suddenly becomcs a borrower. You will have to
look to the decline in the inland commerce for
the cause. I add the comparative returns for two
years of the Erie canal, in the State of New York,
which is the greatest channel for the exchange of
the inland and foreign commerce, and has made
New York city the merchant carrier and banker
of the Union:
Statement showing the aggregate quantity and value of the
property transported upon the canals during the years 1856
and 1857. _
1856. 1357.
Ton?   2.774,412 2,047,884
Value $208',41 S,441 $122,206,259
Decrease in tonnage 1856 and 1857     726>5|§
Decrease m value " "  $86,212,182
*The States of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Mich-
igan, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa,and Missouri,and
the Tc-nitory of Minnesota, (now State.)
f It will be remembered that the farmer is burdened in a
two-fold capacity, viz: first, as a producer  and second, as
a com-umcr.
