1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
1836; another in 1838. It went up successively,
from six thousand one hundred and eighty-three,
its strength in 1822, to seven thousand four hun-
dred and ninety-seven in 1837, and to twelve thou-
sand five hundred and thirty-nine in 1839. At the
close of the Seminole war, in 1842, it was again
reduced to eight thousand six hundred and thir-
teen; but four years afterwards it was raised to
twelve thousand two hundred and sixteen, by the
addition of a regiment of mounted riflemen, and
an increase of the number of privates. Then came
the Mexican war; after which, it was increased
by raising the strength of the companies, in 1850,
to seventy-four, and then by the addition of four
regiments in 1855.
Thus we see that every attempt at reduction has
been followed by another increase; and that the
reduction was unwise was manifested by the dis-
asters which immediately followed. Whenever
the Army is above the requirements of the coun-
try, then, I think, without looking merely to the
expenditure, the Executive Department (for it is
unfair to question its integrity) will at once report
the excess over the requirements of the public ser-
vice. If it does not, and Congress shall find the
occasion when ourcountry shall cease to continue
to increase its territory, to increase its frontier,
and thereby to increase its necessities for military
force, then I trust there can be no difficulty in the
mind of either House of Congress in such reduc-
tion.
I should have no difficulty in providing a bill
which would make a prospective reduction, but
the manner in which it is proposed here to make
a prospective reduction at the end of this campaign
against the Mormons,I must protest against, be-
cause it is not for that campaign that the troops
are asked by the Executive Government. I could
not yesterday, when it was proposed,acceptthat,
for the Executive Department docs not present it
as the reason for which it desires this increase.
It is not willing to accept it as temporary, and I
think fairly so, because if the Mormons should
terminate the difficulties in the most speedy and
submissive manner which may be iuiaginuble, it
is known that all the Indian tribes which surround
them have already been involved in hostilities,
and it is known that across that trail our emigra-
tion is steadily increasing; that on that and every
other route, if we permit the emigration to go on
to our Pacific possessions, we must give some
adequate protection. "Whether it be by annual
campaigns, or the establishment of posts, the re-
sult is the same. If there be any one here who
will say: " I wish to terminate the overland emi-
gration to California, Oregon, and Washington,"
then with him it is sufficient to say, " I d<5 not
wish to protect these routes;" butif we desire the
emigration to continue, I say we must continue
the routes, and give security along them; and m
proportion as that emigration increases, in pro-
portion as it spreads over the various periods of
the year, instead of being confined to one, so you
will require an additional military force to protect
it; and I am unwilling to incur the hazard of ven-
turing an opinion that the time will come in my
day when that force can be reduced. It may or
it may not; I rather believe the time will not come.
This interior country can never be so settled; set-
tlements can never so extend from point to point
as to assume that continuity which will give pro-
tection to the traveler across this wide space.
I am not willing to anticipate the extermination
of these Indians. I look forward with hope to
some partial civilization—partial itmustbe. Here
I would say to the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] that I wish to call his attention to the
difference between the Indians who inhabit this
country and those of the old States of the Union,
with whom our former difficulties arose. These
are nomadic Indians. A settlement of our own
people sufficient to reduce them, if you please,
cannot pursue nomadic tribes withoutleaving th eir
wives, their children, and their homes, to desola-
tion. It is not as it was with those Indians who
had a local habitation; who had fields and tene-
ments; who could be reached by a steady cam-
paign, and brought to subjection by bringing them
to want, if they continued to insist on hostilities.
These Indians, too, are driven to hostilities. Then-
whole pursuit is plunder. They cultivate no fields.
They have no certain means of subsistence. Their
subsistence, derived from the chase, is every year
declining. The great hordea of buffalo that once
covered the western plains have now passed into
the mountains. They have been compelled to
live on horses, mules, and half the forays, if not
more than that proportion, committed on the set-
tlers, are to obtain subsistence—plunder for a live-
lihood.
By feeding them, by locating them upon terri-
tory which they may cultivate, I trust we shall
steadily progress towards their civilization, bring-
ing them into something like a condition of peace.
If that ever should occur—and occur at some re-
mote period I hope it will—then wc may dispense
with the protection of our emigrant route, we may
I dispense with keeping up these frontier posts,
with keeping strong garrisons in them; but until
then, I do not believe that the increase here pro-
posed will be one man more than the wants of
the service will demand. I say this with frank-
ness, with a knowledge that it will not commend
the measure. I state it on my knowledge of what
the necessity of the country is. If others should
differ from me, as to the necessity of giving the
Government that aid which it asks, I hope their
opinion will prove true, rather than mine.
Mr. TOOMBS. Having made this motion to
strike out the first section of the bill, I deem it
incumbent on me to state my reasons to the Sen-
ate, and more especially to answer the objections
which have been made by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr SIMMONS. Itis four o'clock; and Ihope
the Senatorwill give way to a motion to adjourn.
I wish to hear him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall detain the Senate but a
few minutes.
Mr. SIMMONS. Itis too late to go on now,
and I move an adjournment.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire, before we adjourn, to
ask the Senate to agree upon sometime when the
vote shall be taken, merely informally of course,
as I learn from the Senator from Georgia that he
does not intend to speak at length, and is willing
to let the vote be taken at an early period. I ask
the Senate if they will be willing to have the vote
taken at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FOOT. I wish to remind the honorable
Senator from Mississippi, and the Senate, that
another special order is assigned for to-morrow
at one o'clock, on which the honorable Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] has the floor. I
have thought itproperto suggestit in his absence.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not wish to interfere with
the Senator from Maryland, and I thought prob-
ably that to fix two o'clock for taking the vote
would not interfere with him; but say one o'clock;
I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. KING. That, I think, is too early an
hour to agree upon taking the vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think we can come
to a resolution when to take the question. I think
we never do.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want a resolution, but
an understanding.
Mr. SEWARD. We can come to an under-
standing; but with reference to that, I wish to say
that when the vote will be taken it will depend
somewhat on who will occupy the floor, and how
long it may be occupied. Before taking the vote,
I have a word or two to say; but I shall speak
very briefly, as I trust I always do.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the Senator from
Texas wants to he heard.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall endeavor to hasten
the taking of the vote to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume it is not necessary
at present to assign any particulaf' time for taking
the vote. I want to say something on the bill
myself. I feel interested. Several allusions have
been made to Texas in the course of the debate,
and after I know the number andextentof them,
I shall have something to sayin relation to the bill.
Mr. STUART. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 27, 1838.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Charles H. Hall.
The Jou mal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the call of committees for reports,
and that reports were in order from the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. ZOLLECOFFER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Territories to ask leave to submit
a resolution, asking for information which it is
important for the House and for the country to
have acted upon immediately.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business. That committee will be reached ia
a few minutes under the call. If not, I will con-
sent.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I was directed by my col-
league, Mr. Dawes, to announce to the House,
last Friday, that in consequence of sickness in
his family he would be absent for several days;
since which time he has been appointed a mem-
ber of the committee for investigating the official
conduct, and accounts of the Doorkeeper of the
last House. I received a letter from him on Mon-
day, asking me to submit a motion to the House
that he should be excused from serving on that
committee, in consequence of his absence from
the city caused by sickness in his family.
I The motion was agreed to.
I THE UTAH EXPEDITION.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Objection being with-
drawn, I ask leave to submit the following reso-
lution from the Committee on Territories:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
llouseof Representatives the mfoimation which gave rise to
the military expedition ordered to Utah Territory ; the in-
structions to the Army officers m conncetion with the same;
and all correspondence which has taken place with sanl
Army officers, with Brigham Young and his followers, or
with others, throwing light on the question as to how far said
Brigham Young and his followers arc in a state of rebel-
lion or resistance to the Government of the United States.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of. the Whole on the
state of the Union; and I will remark, in submit-
ting that motion, that there is an absolute neces-
sity for the House 
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Itis not.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to it then.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. I then submit the
usual resolution, that all debate in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on House
bill No. 202, appropriating money to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for printing, bind-
ing, and paper,ordered by theSenate and House
of Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thir-
ty-Fourth Congresses, shall terminate at half past
one o'clock on Friday next, if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion thereon.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to move to lay
that bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The bill is not be-
fore the House. The House is simply proposing
to instruct the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted—ayes 72, noes 55.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. LETTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present the resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Ohio in relation to
Kansas, for the purpose of having them read, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I desix-e to accommodate the
gentleman from Ohio; but the debate has been
closed in Committee of the Whole on the bill now
pending before it, and I think we had better go
I into committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a correction of a state-
ment in one of the papers in this city, which will
not occupy more than a single minute.
Mr. PHELPS. I must insisi on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
