1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April 7,
the appropriation was exhausted it was incompatible with the
genius of republican institutions for the Executive to go on
ezpmilin" money. If the appropriation failed, or any other
lDipoi tant emergency arose, it became the duty of the Exec-
utive to call Congress together to meet the emergency. This
deficiency bill provided for a totally different course. The
PresidPni'liad a right to make use of all military means at
his dit-p^a! to repel invasion, but he had no right to under-
take great military movements where no such exigency ex-
isted onhisopenmotion and withoutconsultingthelegislative
branch of the Government. To prevent Executive assump-
tions of power he was disposed to vote against this bill.
Nothiog had transpired in Utah culling for hot and hasty
action ; nothing to prevent the President from waiting for
• the meeting of Congress."
I say that this call is made on us with a design
to use it for other purposes than for those set
forth in the bill. It is not for deficiencies, but to
be used by the President to carry on a formidable
and very expensive military enterpri se on his own
assumed and unlawful authority, without the con-
sent of Congress, to whom he should have sub-
mitted the question, and by whose decision he
should have been governed. The President's
conduct is very strange, and in my opinion very
reprehensible. Without consulting Congress, he
has led the nation into a.far-distant and very ex-
pensive war—a war, the very commencement of
which has beggared the Treasury. He is now
prosecuting that war on his own authority, in are-
mote Territory of this Republic, and advising with
us only to call for money. lie is making exten-
sive and wasteful contracts to prosecute that war
on a large scale, without a dollar on hand to pay
with, every cent of which must be on borrowed
capital, laying the foundation of a national debt,
almost beyond the hope of redemption. Why,
what is he about to do ? Concentrating an army
of six thousand men, infantry, artillery, and horse,
with all (he countless paraphernalia and circum-
stance of war, two thousand miles from homo, and
through an unpeopled desert of fifteen hundred
miles, at a cost never before heard of; and all
present and future supplies to he dragged the
whole distance by land. Flour, as near as can be
found, costs some seventy or one bundled dollars
u barrel, and everything else in proportion. And
now, sir, he comes to us, and demands some ton
million dollars, out of a bankrupt Treasury to
begin with, and under the following pretense.
Here, sir, is (he title and the first section of the bill:
" A hill to «mpplv deficiencies in the .ippropuations for the
M-rvioe of the tbeai year ending the ,' uih of June,
££ Be it enacted hi; tho Senate and House oj llcpresent-
nfives of the United States of'Jlmcrh n in Coir/j o's as^cml'lcd,
That tho follower   is he, and the «.uue ,ue hereby, ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies m the appt epilations lor
tho sei vice of the focal } oar ending the Mth ot June,
out of any money m the Tiea^ury not otherwise appiopu-
ated, namely."
Sir, h not this an attempt to obtain our money
under false pretenses?
Sir, there never was an Administration so utter-
ly befogged m regardno its financial alTairs as ours.
Why, sir, scarce ninety days ago, buying up its
own paper and paying a premium ofsome twenty
per cent., and for paper not due for twenty years
to come; and now so soon making: a rai:<e by sell-
ing its own notes in market to anybody who will
purchase, to keep soul and body together, and
now, again asks us to pay up deficiencies, which,
if they existed at all, weie m existence at the
time of paying the twenty per cent, premium on
its own debts,"dufi some fifteen or twenty yeats
ahead. Sir, did you ever hear the like? Suppose
an individual who had a fine estate should do so,
would not his family ask to have agnardian placed
over him to save their inheritance ?
Why, the President begins on a scale that will
soon run up to $100,000,000, and without any ne-
cessity, and without the first attempt to avoid the
conflict. Why has lie not long ago sent able and
discreet commissioners to the seat of disagreement
to find out and settle the difficulty before he resorts
to a war on usurped authority, and one the most
remote and wasteful ever heard of5 I am satisfied
three men might be selected and sent there that
would settle ail the trouble in throe days, and that
General Scott, if he was there, would end the mat-
ter without filing a gun. Sir, it is all wrong and
unnecessary from the beginning. He ought not
to have done it. He had no right to do it. If he
was of opinion it was necessary, he should have
laid u before Congress and let them decide. It
was a grave matter, and for them to decide and
not for him. It was for him to execute if Con-
gress so directed, lie is the Executive, not the
legislature. lie has usurped a power not ius own;
•and he seems to think, as Louis XIY said,'41 am
the State!" Sir, we must put an end to this Ex-
ecutive encroachmentandsave the Republic from
the danger of what our fathers most dreaded; the
consolidation of the central power. Sir, Congress
must take care of the Treasury or we will soon
have a debt that never will be paid. Are you
aware, sir, where we are now rapidly drifting?
Are you aware at this time, this very year of our
Lord, 1858, from the beginning to the end of that
year, our national debt is growing at the rate of
$100,000 a day, Sundays and all ?
Let the President have his way, and very soon
we will have a debt the interest of which will
consume every dollar of our revenue; and then
what is to be done to support Government ? Keep
borrowing? No, sir; if you do you will never
pay; and it will only sink you deeper and deeper.
Resort to direct taxation ? Impossible. For when
the people know, as soon they will, that all this
load was placed on their back for them to carry
by the maladministration of Government, and
could and should have been avoided, they will
denounce their Government, and refuse to pay.
They must refuse, and they will refuse, for to pay
will be impossible. Ohio would have eight mil-
lions, and New York ten millions, to pay annu-
ally by direct taxation, and it would be out of the
question. It never can be done. And what then?
41 Then comcs the end." The experiment is
tried, and our boasted Republic—the pride of the
earth, and the hope of the great and good of all
climes—will come to an end, and find a premature
grave. Sir, it is clearly the duty of this Congress
to lay aside their party struggles, and come to the
rescue. The country and the Constitution de-
mand it. They, the Representatives of the people,
the " Commons"of the country, and they alone,
have power to hold the Executive in check. They
can withhold appropriations; and now is the time
to do it. Let us unite on this important duty, and
it will do more than anything else to quench the
fires of bitter, malignant, and dangerous sectional
strife; yes, sir, more than anything else.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letchkk] suggested, ironically, the remedy of
impeachment, and said, s< Why do you not im-
peach the President?" I thought of "tint myself;
and J can assure the honorable gentleman "fi om
Virginia that there is more truth than poetry in
his suggestion. True, sir, impeachment would
be jesoi ted to as the most important and effectual
temedy but for tho presence of the demon, pn>ty,
who stands here with his cloven foot and pitch-
forks to defend and protect the guilty. Sir, there
never was a fairer candidate for impeachment,
and for more than one specification that we can
produce. In the purer days of the Republic,
no Congress would have submitted to what we
have.
[A portion of the foregoing remarks of Mr.
Granger were made at a subsequent period in the
day, the gentleman's five minutes having expired
before he had completed them.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish now to complete my
statement, in regard to these contracts. I under-
stand that these gentlemen—Messrs. Reed & A r-
misteml. I believe—are men of abundant wealth,
and they come in now and plead that they are not
able to fulfill the contract which they made with
the Government for furnishing beef.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order. lie is not.opposing the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Il-
linois must confine his remarks to opposition to
the pending amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Granger] has
encroached upon my amendment, and therefore
I opposeit. He moved to strike out a part of these
Army appropriations, and I moved to strike out
the whole of them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Would it be in
order to ask the gentleman from Illinois to read
the balance of the speech of the gentleman from
New York? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am much obliged to the
gentleman, but I am quite as competent to make
my own speeches as the genileman from New
York is to make his; at least I think so.
These boef contractors, who have abundant
wealth, as 1 am informed, and verily believe, sent
in a petition to the Secretary of War Requesting
that the contract which they had entered into
should be canceled, because it was going to ruin
them, and for the reason that they could not buy
at the low prices at which they were obliged to buy
on credit. And the dealers around the country,
knowing that they had taken a contract at such
ruinous prices, would not trust them, because they
expected they would fail. That is the reason as-
signed. In the first place, the Secretary of War
gave an extension of the contract, and then, at the
request of the parties, he canceled it; and then
what turns up? This same contractor for tho
transportation enters into a contract to deliver,
instead of young steers, as Armistead and Reed
were to deliver, the oxen of the train with which
the supplies are to be taken to Utah, and they are
to deliver them at $7 50 per hundred net. I want
that fact to be known to the House. These con-
tractors get five dollars.a day for every two yokes
and the teamster while the oxen are detained,while
they are getting fat on the grass, and while the
teamster is lolling around watching them; and
then they get $7 50 per hundred net for these tram
oxen when delivered. Now, if that is all right
and fair, I am glad of it.
One single word more. The gentleman pro-
poses to give me a contract for horses. I want
the gentleman to give me a contract for the war.
Just let me have control of the Government for
three months at one tithe of what it costs, and
I will get responsible parties to do all the fighting,
and to fix it all up; just tell what you want done.
If you want to have Brigham Young hanged, very
good, we will hang him; if you want so many
killed, say the word, we will kill them; if you
want a certain law obeyed, enact the law, and we
wilt enter into a contract to bring them to obedi-
ence.
Mr. LETCHER. I did notknow that the gen-
tleman from Illinois was a fighting man, or prob-
ably the Secretary might have spoken to him on
the subjcct
Mr LOVEJOY. I presume I am as able to
fight as the gentleman. But another point. I un-
derstand the gentleman from Virginia to say that
this item covers a period of twenty months. I low
is that, when this is for the year ending June,
1858?
Mr. LETCHER. That is the title; but if
the gentleman wants an amendment to suit his
notions, he had better wait till we arrive at that
point. >
Mr GRANGER asked leave to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS objected.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend by reducing
this item from $5,400,000 to $2,700,000.
I submit this amendment in good faith. I am
not, as the gentleman from Virginia attempted to
prove a little while ago, opposed to furnishing
supplies to the Army; but I am in favor of limit-
ing them to the exact terms of the bill reported
by the financial committee of this House. The
Committee of Ways and Means in the very be-
ginning of the bill declared that " the following
sums be, and the sameaie hereby, appropriated,
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1858," and yet they now acknowledge, in the
veiy teeth of that, that instead of this being to
supply deficiencies for the fiscal year ending June,
1858, it is to furnish supplies to be used during
tli*- whole of the succeeding year.
But, sir, when, m the Government organ pub-
lished in the city of Washington—the Union—
speaking about this subject of Army appropria-
tions, the Republican members of the last House
of Representatives, who voted liberally for tho
appropriations asked for by those at the head of
affairs, have been arraigned and held responsible
fox having voted these appropriations, I, for one,
am determined, when appropriations come before
me hereafter for my vote, that I shall secure them
m the shape which I think just, economical, and
proper, or else purge myself from liability to such
•attacks hereafter by voting against them. Speak-
ing of the appropriation of $19,000,000 for the
expiring fiscal year, the organ says:
" If it were a fact that the Army appropriations were up-
waids of nineteen millions for the expiring fiscal year, the
responsibility would belong; as tally to tho Black Republi-
can House which voted them a" to tfie Democratic Senate
that eoac'ined ni and the Democratic Administration tiiat
administered them.1'
