440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indi-
ana, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the
POINTING DEFICIENCY BILL*
Upon which Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, was
entitled to the floor.
CORRECTION OP A NEWSPAPER.
Mr. CLIN&MAN. Before the gentleman from
Mississippi proceeds with lus speech, I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to make a
statement, which shall not occupy five minutes by
the clock.
No objection being made,
Mr. CLINGrMAN proceeded: I am not in the
habit of noticing, on this floor, articles which may
appear in the papers; but when statements are
made in a paper in this city, in reference to pro-
ceedings which have taken place here, I think it
well enough sometimes to correct them.
Yesterday I offered resolutions hero, which were
objected to, and not received by the House. I
And, on looking into the Intelligencer of this morn-
ing, that, in the editorial column, I am represented
as having endeavored to introduce resolutions in
favor of acquiring certain territory in Central
America. Now, sjr, my resolution proposes no
such proposition. It opposes the acquisition of
territory there by foreign Powers which might so
use it as to interfere with our interests in a mate-
rial point of view.
In the next place, I am repiesented as taking
grounds against the cooly tiadc, as carried on
by Great Britain and France. Now, sir, my res-
olution makes no reference either to Great Britain
or France. And it is important that the correc-
tion should be made; because I understand there
is just now a collision of opinion, or controversy
between those two Governments in reference to
the system of apprenticeship which is being car-
ried out on the western eofist of Africa by the
French Government. I think that the French
Emperor has the best of the argument I hold
that, if they are to have slaves at all, it is better
to have Africans than white men, whether Chi-
nese or East India sepoys, i look upon the negro
as fitted for slavery, while the white races are not.
But though my opinions are on the side of the
Emperor of Franco in this controversy, yet my
resolutions made no reference to any Power by
name.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Chairman,
the other day the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Tiiayer] announced the fact that, if any
►State in this Union should at any time seek to
withdraw from the Union, the people of the North
"wcri; iesolved to baptize it in fire and blood. I
desiie this morning simply to say to that gentle-
man, that whenever it shall be made known that
the people in the section of the Union in which
he resides desire to baptize any single inch of
southern soil in blood, an opportunity shall at
once be afforded them; and I hope that when they
•visit the portion of the Union in which 1 reside,
for the purpose of baptizing it in fire and blood,
they will come in open day, and not in the dark-
ness of night. And I desire also to say to that
gentleman, and to other gentlemen who entertain
similar opinions with himself, that ior every drop
of blood shed on southern soil, for the purpose
of coercing the southern people to submit to the
wrongs and injustice with which they are now
threatened, there will be visited upon the North
a retaliation more terrible and desolating than the
sweep of a simoom.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has,
with characteristic delicacy, told us that if we
continued to urge our claim to the admission of
Kansas into the Union under the JLecompton con-
stitution, it might by possibility awaken a revo-
lution in that country which should deluge the
whole land in blood. Sir, tiiat gentleman may
reserve his threats, and paint his scenes of civil
war for those who are already prepared to become
slaves. They are heard by the freemen cf the
South with indifference and contempt. I say to
him, and to those who are m the habit of resort-
ing to such threats, that we disregard them when ,
made individually or otherwise. And, sir, when- i
ever this revolution, .now foreshadowed, shall!
become a reality—whenever this country shall !j
become the theater of internecine war, dimply *1
because we of the South demand our constitu-
tional rights and constitutional equality in the
Union, we are ready for the conflict, come in
whatever form it may. These threats have been
sounded in our ears for years past. We have
become familiar with them. Our people can no
longer be excited by them. They contemplate
the threatened contingency with a calm, serene,
and self-sustaining mind.
I will remind gentlemen, Mr. Chairman, that it
is nota question whether our portion of the Union
alone shall be deluged in blood if a conflict shall
be forced by the North upon the South. When
that hour shall come they will find an army march-
ing from the South across the borders into the
limits of the North; and, gentlemen, your section,
not ours, will become the field of strife and the
scene of desolating war. I know, sir, when gen-
tlemen talk about a dissolution of the Union, they
speak of it as a light matter, a matter of no im-
portance; but I must be allowed to tpll them that
there is more reality in the declaration than they
at present imagine. We of the South have borne
insults in timespast with patience, because we have
loved this Union, and desired to remain in it on
account of the reminiscences of the seveji years'
war of the Revolution, and the glories won by
your forefathers and our forefathers in their united
struggle for independence. Hut, then, it must not.
be forgotten that there are limits even to Christian
forbearance; that there are some things which are
'too oppressive to be longer endured, and that will
not be longer endured by the South. And, Mr.
Chairman, I feel it to be my duty to speak calmly
and deliberately on this subject, and thus to an-
nounce not only my own opinions, but the opin-
ions, as I believe, of an overwhelming majority of
the entire South.
Are there, then, no reasons to fear a dissolution
of this Union ? I say that there are. The other
side of the House is divided into two parties; one
called the Abolition, and the other the Free-Soil
party; and formyself, I will say that 1 have more
respect for the Abolitionists than I have for the
Free-Sojlers. The one, the Abolitionist, is bolder
and more open than the other; and I prefer the
rude assault of the highway robber, who, hold-
ing his pistol to my bosom, demands my money
or my life, to the stealthy, cat-like attack of the
midnight assassin.
I shall endeavor to demonstrate in the course
of my remarks, that the only difference which
exists between the Abolitionists and the Free-
Soilers is, that the one is guilty of a higher grade
of robbery than the other. That, sir, is the only
substantial difference.
1 ask, sir, whether there is no real danger to be
apprehended, so far as this Union is concerned?
While the Abolitionists continue to make war
upon the South, manifestly the South cannot and
will not endure it; manifestly the fifteen southern
States of this Union, with a high-spirited, chiv-
alrous people, who shrink from dishonor as from
a wound, cannot and will not submit to be robbed
by men who have the meanness to violate the
Constitution of the country, and disregard the
sacred contract entered into between their fathers
and ours. Whenever it shall be attempted to
deprive us of our just rights and our equality,
whenever it should be attempted to strike down
the institution of slavery, then inevitably will an
attempt be made to sever this CJnion; and if it be
not successful, it will be because the South is
deluged with blood, and made desolate with fire.
But in that conflict, gentlemen of the North, let
me tell you, who call yourselves our brothers,
that there will be'blows to give as well as to re-
ceive.
I ask, sir, the most bigoted Abolitionist upon
this floor, to say whether he believes the South
will ever submit to the taking away of theirprop-
erty by force, and in violation of the Constitution
of the United States ? Does he think that they will
supinely submit to such an act of aggression,
without complaint, without resenting it with all
their strength ? No man can entertain any such
expectation. Now it is possible that that event
may transpire. It is not impossible. Some twenty
years ago there was only a handful of Abolition-
ists in this country, and the sentiments they pro-
fessed so outraged the public m Philadelphia, that
the people burnt to the ground the hall in which
they held their meetings. The Abolitionists were
then expelled from that city, because their aims
were subversive of correct principles of order, and
violative of the just rights of the South.
How is it now? They have grown in num-
bers, and have stood almost in a majority upon
this floor; for, as I have said, the difference is very
slight between Republicans and Abolitionists. If
they have made such proffers as to unite with
them those who .are in favor of excluding slavery
from the Territories, then it is fair to assume that
the system of agitation which has been carried
on will be continued in order to strike down the
institution of slavery in the States. When that
time arrives, it must be manifest to every man that,
if a dissolution is not effected, a revolution will
ensue, such as has never been seen before. It
will not be like a war between the United States
and any European nation, or a war between sep-
arate Powers, where the question involved rests
upon some real or imaginary insult, and the par-
ties look only to the protection of their honor.
But drive us to war, if you please, under the con-
viction that we have been wronged, and that in-
justice has been inflicted upon us by those who
claim to be our brothers, and it will be a fratra-
cidal war, and will be accompanied, as I stated a
moment ago, with adesolation of the most fearful
and terrific character that has ever been inflicted
on any people or on any country.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman permit
me to put a question to him?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, sir. He
can put liis question, but I will not bind myself
to answer it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to know whether
the gentleman means to carry this war of desola-
tion into the Western Reserve of Ohio ? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, sir; that is
the first place where I would strike, because there,
in my opinion, reside the meanest and worst of the
Abolition party on this continent. [Much laugh-
ter.] But, sir, there is another portion of the
gentlemen on the other side who sustain them-
selves in their endeavors to rob us of our slaves
byar&fcrence to the fifteenth and sixteenth verses
of the twenty-third chapter of Deuteronomy,
which arc as follows:
" Thou sliait not deliver urito his master the servant which
is escaped from his master unto thee.
lie shall dwell with thee, even umon« yon, in that place
which he shall choose, in one of thy gates where it liketh
him best; thou shalt not oppress linn."
Sir, that law was given by Moses to the people
after their forty years' residence in the desert, and
when they had taken the land of their enemies;
and it announced to them that if the slaves of
their anemies came to them, they were to take
them in and keep them. I desire to know if the
gentleman who quotes that passage, regards the
southern people as enemies, and if he intends his
minions to travel into the southern country and
rob us of our lands, as well as of our slaves and
other property ? But I refer the gentleman espe-
cially to this verse from Exodus:
" And ho that stealeth a man and selleth him, or if he be
found m his hands, he shall be euiely put to death."
The gentleman would perhaps come under that
category.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
will tell me his name, I will tell him whether I
will allow him to do so or not. I have not got his
name yet.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Lovejoy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I desire to
ask the gentleman a question first. Did he ever
receive a letter from one Mr. Lombard ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I did.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I send that letter
to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Bradford, Stark county, Illinois,
July 30, 1857.
Sir: About two months since I emigrated with my fam-
ily from the State of Mississippi to the county of Staik, in
this State, intending to make it my future residence, to at-
tend to my own business, and hoped I should be permitted
to spend the balance of my days in peace and quiet, doing
unto others as I would that they should do unto rne. I
brought with me a very aged and favorite negro man by the
name of" Mose," whom I had refused to leave behind, as
he had been honest and faithful in all things (wbh I could
say the same of you,) had become infirm, and totally inca-
pable to provide for or take care of himself. It was my duty,
by the custom of the country where I had lived; and it was
enjoined upon me by the laws of humanity, as well as die-
