1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
And again, for the third time in the article, it
says:
" And that they are expenditures which have been au-
thorized by a Black Republican House ofRepreaentatives.5
Thus, when we vote against the appropriations
because we think they are extravagant, and be-
cause the rejection of these bills is the only way
in which we can infuse economy into the public
service, we are denounced for stopping the wheels
of Government; and when we vote what our
rulers ask us to vote, we are held up before the
country as responsible for extravagance.
Sir, I desire to have appropriation bills cut
down to the smallest possible figures consistent
with the efficiency of the public service. When
this bill is trimmed down, so as to. make it what
it professes to be, a deficiency bill for the year
ending June 30, 1858, I will be willing cheerfully
to vote for it, and not before.
A single word now, in reply to my colleague,
[Mr. Hughes,] as I could not obtain the floor on
the conclusion of his remarks: I have never voted
' for the admission of Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution. I voted for the admission of
Kansas without any constitution, as Ohio was
admitted, and to refer that instrument to the vote
of her people, under the assurance—as the Union
itself declares—that they will be certain to vote
it down. I first voted to reject, not to ratify
it—and the Crittenden amendment, for which I
voted, was declared by the Union, previous to its
passage, to be "as full of Black Republicanism
as an egg is of meat." I only allude to this to
clear up the point between my colleague and my-
self.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman from In-
diana is willing to vote these supplies, the lan-
guage of the first section of the bill need not em-
barrass him at all. I understand his objection to
be that the bill declares that "the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1858," and that there is something to be bought
with the money here appropriated, which is to
be used after the present fiscal year expires.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes; it is prospective, instead
of being a deficiency bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS. "Well, does the gentleman
understand that when an appropriation is made
for a fiscal year, the supplies and articles must be
used in that year? Has such an interpretation ever
been given? Such is not my construction: if my
understanding is right, it is intended to expend the
money in this fiscal year; but some of the sup-
plies may be used subsequently; but it may very
well be that a portion of it will not be required
to be used till 1859; and 1 believe that the Secre-
tary of War, or the Quartermaster General,
speaks of a portion of it not being used till 1860.
Now, if the gentleman from Indiana is willing
to adopt that construction, which I apprehend is
the only reasonable one, his objection must fall to
the ground. Would any gentleman rise on this
floor and assert that the money appropriated for
a given year must be used within that year; that
that which is bought with the money must be used
within that year? And yet that is the narrow con-
struction which the gentleman gives it.
Mr. GROW. Will my colleague allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes; although he did not
allow me to-interrupt him the other day.
Mr. GROW. The construction which my col-
league gives is, I think, right; but your executive
officers do not give the law that construction, for
the Secretary of the Treasury takes the money
appropriated for one year and applies it to another
year.
Mr. PHILLIPS. My colleague says that my
construction is right. He is but returning the com-
pliment, for I indorsed him a few days since. But,
jf my construction is right, the gentleman from
Indiana, who gives it a different construction from
that of my colleague, must be wrong. If, there-
fore, he has no other objection, I hope he will
reconsider his course and acquiesce in the con-
struction of my colleague. I hope he will have
no further difficulty in the way of voting for this
bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Colfax's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr, LETCHER. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to come in in the one hundred and eigh-
teenth line. I move to insert the following:
For services of a keeper of the armory of the District mi-
litia, $300. Jbul it is hereby provided, That hu compensation
shall be at the rate of$l,&00 per annum.
I send up a letter from the Secretary of War,
which will explain the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Is it in order to fix
the compensation of an officer in an appropriation
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I will then leave off that
portion of it which fixes his compensation, and
leave simply the appropriation of $300 for his
services already performed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there any law
authorizing theappropriation of this money?
Mr. LETCHER. I imagine that, when the
Government build an armory, they intend to make
provision for taking care of it. The Government ;
have built an armory for the militia of this Dis-
trict. It was completed some months ago, and
there was no man to take care of it. The Secre-
tary of War appointed a man to take care of it
until Congress should provide; and this $300 is
to pay for his services.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
amendment is not in order. If the Secretary of
War had authority to make the appointment, he
must provide for his payment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How does the
Chair decide the question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
inasmuch as there is no law authorizing the ap- ;
pointment of this officer, the amendment is not in
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the offi-
cer? I do not understand that this provides for
the appointment of any officer.
Mr. LETCHER. It is merely to pay a man
for taking care of the armory which you have
built.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then this is to pay
for services rendered, and not for the creation of
an office.
The CHAIRMAN. If this office is one natu-
rally arising in the War Department, the Secre-
tary of War can apply other moneys to pay for it.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit this ques-
tion for the decision of the Chair: whether this is
not one of the contingencies of the Government?
It is not to be supposed the Government would
provide for the erection of a public building un-
less there was to be some one to take care of it,
and it is, therefore, incumbent upon Congress to
provide compensation for taking care of such
building. The 81st rule makes it proper to report
in appropriation bills not only such appropria-
tions as are directly provided for by law, but such
as are necessary contingencies for carrying on the
Government. I read the 81st rule:
"81. No appropriation shall herepoited in such general
appropriation bills, or be in oulei an amendment thereto,
for any evpemhnire not previously authorized by law—Sep-
tember 14, 18:37—unless in continuation of appropriations
for such public works and objects as aie already in prog-
ress, and for the contingencies for carrying on the several
departments of the Government—March 13,1838."
I submit, therefore, that it being necessary—
the Government having erected a building—to
provide for the taking care of it, this is one of the
contingencies contemplated in the latter clause of
the rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This would amount
to the creation of a-new office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair could hardly
hold that the management of the armory for the
militia for the District was a contingency neces-
sary for carrying on the War Department. The
Chair understands the phrase " contingencies,"
in the rule read by the gentleman, to be intended
in its technical sense.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is a building erected by
the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But it is for the
service of the District, and not for the Govern-
ment at all.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following, to come
in at the end of line one hundred and eighteen:
No contract shall hereafter be made by any department of
Government, cxecpt under a law authorizing the «arrip, and
under an appiopriation adequate to its fulfillment, and ex-
cepting also contracts for the subsistence and clothing ol
the Army and Navy, and contract* in tunc o£ war by the
quartermaster's department, which may be made by the
Secretaries of those Departments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submitthat
that amendment changes the existing law, and is,
therefore, not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order. '
Mr. GARNETT. I would inquire if ithas not-
been the practice for the last ten years to put
into appropriation bills amendments containing as
much legislation as this?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes it has
been the practice, but such provisions have been
put in by the Senate or by unanimous consent in
the House. The point being made, the Chair
feels bound to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move tQ strike
out the following:
" For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, including office expenses incident to the sur-
vey of claims, and to be disbursed at the rates prescribed by
law for the (liferent kinds of work, being the amount of
surveying liabilities incurred by the surveyor general during
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1857, over and above that
authorized under the appropriation of $50,000 for that pe-
riod, $220,000."
Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to find out
the purpose of this clause.
Mr. LETCHER. There has been a document
printed on the subject for months.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Congress appro-
priated $50,000 for this purpose, and the officers
of the Government in California, without author-
ity of law, have expended $220,000. Where is the
law to sanction such a proceeding? It is suffi-
cient for me, when I am called on to vote, to know
that this expenditure has no sanction of law; and
I hope it will be stricken out. It is a bad pre-
cedent to set to authorize the proceeding of a sub-
ordinate officer who has involved the Government
to that large amount.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, I will state to
the gentleman from Ohio, and the House, the
cause of this deficiency. By reference to the re-
port of congressional proceedings, it will be per-
ceived that the Thirty-Second and Thirty-Third
Congresses made liberal appropriations for the
survey of public lands in California, amounting
to two or three hundred thousand dollars. The
Thirty-Fourth Congress cut down these appro-
priations to $50,000. At that time, the surveyor
general of California had made his estimates rel-
ative to the surveys of the lands in that State; he
had thrown into the field his corps of engineers,
and the lands were surveyed. He had no inti-
mation whatever that Congress was going to act
m this manner. Previous, I say, to the cutting
down of the amount, he had put his men in the
field, and they had gone to work. They have per-
formed the work for the Federal Government in
good faith, to pay for which this appropriation is
asked. They have been kept out of it for one
and, I think, two years. They have been kept
out of this $220,000, which has been regularly ex-
pended, and they have been compelled to pay for
money the ruinous rate of two per cent, a month,
for money expended in the service of the Govern-
ment. This surveyor general had to pay out his
own salary, in order to'earry on these surveys of
the public land. 1 am willing myself to confine
Federal ofliceis to the strict letter of the law; but
gentlemen should recollect the benefits which have
accrued to the Federal Government in the survey
of these lands. Over twenty-three million acres
have been surveyed. These have been run into
townships and sections, and half and quarter sec-
tions. A great many of them have been entered,
and, by proclamation, four or five million acres
are to be sold in May next, which will bring into
the Treasury as many million dollars.
In the limits of that State there are one hundred
and twenty million acres of land, all of which, ex-
cept ffiur or five million, is pab lie land; and it has
become necessary,in the adjustment of land claims
there, to have the private land claims separated
from the public land Now, sir, we would have
had to wait five years to have done that which
this surveyor general has accomplished in six
months; and this $220,000 would have been ex-
pended, and much more, in those five years. I
say that while the gentleman from Ohio argues
for holding officers to a strict accountability, and
while there may be some truth and justice in that,
yet there are exceptions to all rules, and especially
so far as the State of California is concerned. It
