"HlfE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 81.,
U.moft *a jfoperalso published in the city of Chi-
cago, which copied the article I have referred to
from the Springfield Journal, with the following
comments 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I am aware
thetethe committee cannot take a great deal of in-
terest in these personal matters; and it is unpleas-
ant to me at any lime to engage in them.
In the remarks which I made on a former occa-
sion, in reply to the-gentleman from Virginia, I did
it with no purpose of misrepresenting or reflecting
unjustlyupon the gentleman. But, sir, I deemed
it due to myself, to the Senator from Illinois, and
to the people of Illinois, to say what I did on that
occasion. I cannot now go into the details of that
discussion. I understood the whole course and
tenor of the speech of the gentleman from Virginia
to have been, in effect, an assault upon Judge
Douglas,and nota. regular discussion of the prin-
ciples involved in the Kansas controversy. That
was the bearing and the object of it. The gentle-
man intimates that my speech as printed probably
differs, so far as if refers to him, from that delivered.
In this he is mistaken. There may have been some
verbal changes—nothing more. The article from
the Chicago Times, which I appended to my
printed speech, I did not have time to read then,
butl gave notice that I would print it. This ob-
jection sounds strange, coming from the gentle
man from Virginia. Why, sir, the speech of the
gentleman, which he was but one hour in deliver-
ing, covered thirty columns of the Congressional
Globe—matter that he could not have delivered m
two hours; and yet the gentleman complains of
my having printed what I did not speak.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is well known,
as I said, on that occasion, that gentlemen very
frequently intimate, as I did several times in the
course of that speech, that extracts will be pub-
lished which there is not time to read. 13ut, sir,
never put in personal mutters which ate not
spoken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Well, sir, to
proceed. It is well known to gentlemen hero that
the speech which 1 delivered on that occasion,
was delivered late in the evening, and I will add
was almost wholly impromptu, without prepara-
tion or premeditation; and it would not have been
very strange if, in the heat of debate, i had said
what my cooler judgment would not wholly ap-
prove. But, sir, that the House may know ex-
actly what 1 did say tn regard to the gentleman
from Virginia, I send up to the Clerk 'a desk, and
will ask to have read all that portion of the speech
which relates to the gentleman.
The Clerk read as lollows:
" But thehonorable gentleman froinVngima [Mi. Smith]
has made himself conspieuims by hi-. cHMultn upon lilmnut
anil her distimjui-hed Senator. Following ihe example of
ladies of doubtful leputatiou, he, too, seems desiiou«>ot
patching up ins own political character by availing that of
other men. He ha* airogatcd tohim-elf asupeuot sanctity,
and stawK in the market-places ami ' thanks God that he
is riot as the^e pubheans and Miineis/ Towatds the close
of his singular speech, ho abandon*., foi aiime,gcneiuhties
and insinuations, ami attempts by distinct charges to assail
the motives of Judge JDouolas, and his associates. One of
these ariaignments is in these words:
"♦Mr. Smith, of Virginia. I will say tins in conclusion :
that the delegation from Illinois, or u portion of them at any
late, met together here, when Congress assembled, to con-
sider the course which a certain gentleman m the othor end
ot die Capitol should pursue, and the means In: should use,
in order to sueuie ht-> reelection to the United States Senate.
I say that much; and I will make out the case when I have
the time, i say th.it ccrUunlj eMiaoidmary action has re-
sulted in a concerted movement, having an eye alone to
hi' reelection.'
" I have already Mated on the tloor ot the "House that this
charge is wholly and entirely destitute of truth, [t has no
loundation whatevet in fact. I allude to it now for the
purpose of adding that the honoiable member ousrhtto have
known at the tune ih.u it could not be tiue. It wiw known
thiougiiout the ethnic eomitiv (^he nnittci ws- de-cussed m
tire newspapers some lime bcfoie Congiess convened) that
the Senator tiom Mimois was opposed to the unqualified
admission of Kans.La undei the Lecompton constitution,
rpon his arnval in this city, some days befoie Congiess
conveued, r.inuwt ins first act was to wait on the l'lesident,
and state to him fiankly ins views m regard to tin-, question.
'iTicir meeting was s<ui to be eoid-ai, and their conference
fiauk and friendly; hut tneir differences on tins question
were also said to "be jadical and irreconcilable. An account
of this visit and conference was at the time published in
the various papers throughout the country, and ought to
have been known to the honoiable gentleman, i take it for
granted, howevei ,that iie had forgotten or overlooked these
lucts, which were so well known to the whole country.
"The honorable member has been equally unfoitunate
In the-other specific charge which he thought pioper to
make. It is equally basele&s, and equally destitute of the
semblance of truth. That charge is made in the following
language:
"4 Let me say here, also, that Mr Calhoun wrote to Judge
Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a friend,stating the plan
that was to be pursued, and asking his advice m reference
to it. No ausvver to that lettei vyas ever received, but the
Chicago Times came out and indorsed the proposed plan.
I state as a fact, which will not be disputed in any quarter,
that Senator Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a conspic-
uous fnend of this gentleman, was vviitten to in the month
of September, asking his advice as to the course to be pur-
sued in the submission of the constitution, and that he never
responded to that lettei by dissentor affirmation. I repeat,
the Chicago Tunes, understood to be under his influence,
was published, containing an article indorsing the sugges-
tions of that letter. I have not time to go into tlnsquesyon
as I would like; but such arc the facts in relation to 'this
matter.'
'•Mr. Chairnfan, I am utterly amazed that any gentle-
man, and especially the honorable member, should travel
out of his path and hi? line of aigument lor the pmposeof
br.nging forward, and placing on iecord, a charge of this
charactei against a distinguished leader of his own party;
and that leader a man who lias been more piomiru#it,open,
bold, and constant in the advocacy of the constitutional
riehts of the South, and the punciples of the Democratic
party, than any man now living, if the charge were tiue,
the propriety of thai gentleman bringing it forvvaid in the
! manner and under the ciicumstances m which he lugged
j it into his speech, would beat lea-a questionable; hut what
I will the House and the country think of it when T state,
what I now do, hio-idly and distinctly, that in every essen-
: tiai paiticular it if utterly destitute of foundation or truth?
Let me he distinctly understood. It is not contended that
I Judj;e Douolas ever wrote to Mr. Calhoun on the ^nhject-
The charge plainly and distinctly insinuated, rather than
. directly made, is that the author of the Kansas Nebia-*ka
: act, not openly and boldly, but in an underhand and ckulk-
1 ing mannei, indicated to Calhoun, through the columns of
the Chicago Times, the mode of submission of the consti-
tution winch was adopted by theLecompton convention. I
lepcatj bir, that the charge is as destitute of truth a-, any
charge could possibly be.* Judge Douglas is in no manner
lespousible for the editorial conduct of the Chicago Tunes.
That is an independent Demoeiatie journal, fucndly m the
i mam, to the distinguished Senator fiom Illinois; butitscd-
itonal conduct is m charge of a gentleman who thinks, acts,
1 and wntos lot himself, without submitting to the direction
1 oi dictation of any one. But tin? disavowal is not import*
! ant. The most amazing fact in inference to this calumny
is, that no suck u> tide as the one indicated by the honorable
neiillcmun fiom Vu %inia, has eva, at any time, appeared
tn the column? of (he Chicago Times. This, fact, at least, if
it existed, could be ea-ily pioven, and I defy tin; gentleman
to produce the evidence. If lie tails, which he most a-*-
Miicdiy will, the < haige is not only Miown to be ndj-e, but
uttoi ly destitute of loundation or plausibility liom the be-
ginning.
• " I do not, Mr, C!ha«rman, charge the honoiable gentle-
man 1'iom Vugima [Mr Smith] with wdltul falsehood or
1 misrepi esenfation. Fui he that from me. 1 have too high
i an appreciation ol what is due to this body, and to thp po i-
I tion of the honorable gentleman, even to insinuate s-ueh a
, charge for a moment. I would not believe for a moment
that anv uentleman occupying a seat on this floor, much less
j one so distinguished as ihe honoiable member, would be
■ ginltyol so h.iMjat< bncation,orof qivtngiteurre.ney,know-
1 ins it to be labe Hut what 1 complain of, what the fuends
ot Judue l)o{t(,r,\s have a light to complain of, is that the
gentleman should, wuhout investigation, pick up tiom the
pinliens and stieet-. of Wa.hington anonymous ^landers
.ig.unst a di-lmguir-hed statesman, fabricated by plunder-
corged patasife--, and ihe nu--eiah|e. lejnous, him;;iy pack
who ;;r<' leady t<> li.uk <n the heels of any one who they may
think is under the ban of power—slanders which have been
floating mound the sheets ot Washington all wmtei, but
winch The tni'iids of Judge Douolas deemed wholly un-
wotthy of their notice. We have a light to complain that
so distinguished a gentleman -hou!d lend his name to give
currenc> to charges which bcfoie weie unworthy of notice,
and allow himself to become the conduit through which this
miserable spawn ot malice and defamation should be poured
foith upon the Uou-e, and scut out to infect the moral at-
mosphere of the whole country.
u Mr Chairman, J shall append to my remarks, when
printed, the article which Mr. Calhoun has indicated as the
one which he supposed lefiected the \iews of Judge Douh-
iiA  on the question ot submission of the constitution to be
framed at Lecompron. Calhoun tir-t sawitiu a Kansas
paper, copied liom the Chicago Times. It appeared first in
the Daily Times of the 14ih October, 1850. I havcevidcnce,
saus!,u-tory to myself, that Judge Douglas knew nothing of
thi«> articie at the time it appeared, and ptobably neversaw
it until I furnished him, a tew da\ s ago, a copy of the Times
in which it appealed. Hut, he this as it may, it will be seen
that the aiticie, instead of sustaining, utterly disproves the
charge made by the honorable member from Virginia; and
I have no hesitation m saving, thot if the mode of submis-
sion, indicated m that article, hid been adopted in good
faith, the result would have been satisfactory to the people
of Kans as, and to the whole country, ultfa lactiomsts, Noi th
and South, alone excepted.
Tiie lolluvving i- the article which appeared in the Chi-
cago Times,October 14,1856, which has been indicated by
Mr. Calhoun as the one which he supposed reflected the
view-* 'M' Mi. Dooolas m tegard to the mode m which the
constitution framed at Lecompton should be submitted to
the people of Kansas for their ratification or rejection t
"'Kansas—Tire Constitutional Convention—The
convention which was elected m Kansas to fiame a State
constitution for that Territory will soon meet again. They
cannot tail to have ohseived, what ail the rest of the world
h'l.N observed, that the voice of the people of Kansas ib in
favor of a liee State. We know not what may be the pur-
pose or the feelmgs of the delegates upon the question of
slavery, hut the lecent election has demonstiated that noth-
ing else than a constitution which shall exclude and prohibit
slavery will be accepted by the people of the Territory.
That fact is so patent that no man can shut Ins eyes to it.
" £ It is said that the convention, when elected, was unan-
imously pro-slavery; that we know to be untrue; we know
that theie weie many delegate^ who were in favor of obey-
ing the wishes of the people; and a majority m tavor of
submitting their action, no matter what it was, to popular
approval or rejection at the polls. What that convention
wiH do, or what it will not do, we have not the means of
knowing. But we know that any attempt to force a pro-
slavery constitution upon the people without the opportunity
of voting it down at the polls, will be regarded, after the
recent expression of sentiment, as so decidedly unjust, op-
pressive, and unworthy of a free people, that the people of
the United States wHIjnot sanction it. It would add thou-
sands to the vote of the Republican party in every Siate of
the Union, and give to that organization what it has never
had yet—a show of justice and truth.
" ' To the Demoeiatie memheib of that convention the
course is plain. The people have decided m favor of a free
State ; though they have not voted on the naked issue of
"free State" orC{ slave State,'*they have voted practically
in favor of a fiee State. Two thirds of the Democratic party
in Kansas have voted with the" fiee-State" paity at the re-
cent election, m oider to make the popular decision more
emphatic. As Kansas must be a fiee State, even those
persons in the Territory, who are known as •' pro-slavery"
men, must lecognize in the late election a dccMon which
must not be slighted nor put at defiance. To that expres-
sion of the popular will there should be a graceful, if not a
cheerful submission. Kansas is to be a free State ! That
fact being ascertained, let the convention frame a constitu-
tion to smt her best interests upon all other questions, and
let the prohibition of slavery bo put in it, clearly, and with-
outqnibble; plainly, without disguise; explicitly, broadly,
and firmly. Let the convention then submit that constitu-
tion to the people. Ir it be adopted, Kansas will come into
the Union at the next session, and the Republican party will
expuefor want of sustenance, if any members of the con-
vention desne to prolong the contiover^y, or to have a reg-
ular direct vote upon slave State and free-State, let a free
State constitution—-the Topeka constitution, diverted of
such of its provisions as time has shown to be unsuitable—
and a slave State constitution he piepaied. J<ct ihem both
be submitted to the people—the vote to he "fiee-State con-
stitution, yc," or " free-State constitution, no " slave-
State constitution,yes,"oi "slave-State constitution,no.'5
Lot them, if they desire to vote m favor of a slave Stale,
have the opportunity; hut let the constitution be submitted
to the popular vote, and at an early day.
"'Let the present convention submit this matter to the
people without delay, and have the long controversy settled
finally, and in the only elfeciual manner that is possible. In
six months after the admission of Kansas, Black Republi-
canism will be no more."'
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I shall detain
the commiitce but a moment longer. Tn the re-
maiks which 1 then made, I did not intend to do
any injustice to the gentleman from Virginia. Af-
ter hearing his remarks to-day, and giving them
all the weight and importance I think they are en-
titled to, I do not believe that I did the gentleman
from Virginia any injustice in the remarks which
I then submitted. I intended to cask no personal
reflections upon him, but I intended, in as direct
and distinct language as I was capable of using, to
: say to the House, that the specific charges made
against Judge Dougla.s and the Illinois delega-
; tion were not true, and had no foundation in fact.
And I now repeat, after hearing the evidence
which the gentleman has brought forward, that
I do not think any man can believe that he has
! brought forv/atd even the semblance of proof to
; establish the truth of one of the charges. I did
j not propose, nor do I now, to go over the entire
j columns of the Chicago Times, in order to ascer-
; tam whether there was any such atatement intro-
I duccdasa quotation or illustration, or in some
connection of which I could know nothing, as that
referred to in the Journal, introduced here by the
gentleman.
I will say this to those who seem to be sensi-
tive about the Illinois Journal: that I mean now to
cast no particular reflection upon the Journal or
its conductors, other than to state, what we all
know to be the fact, that it is too often the case
that little reliance is to be placed upon statements
of fact in mere partisan papers. When the ed-
itor of the Times, and gentlemen upon this floor
state that no such article appeared in that paper,
if anybody intends to assert the contrary, in com-
mon fairness the article ought to be produced in
extenso, and the date of the paper ought to be
given, so that the assertion may be directly and
distinctly met. But we have nothing of that kind.
The article I copicd I took from the Times of the
date therein indicated. There is no question
about it that indicates what was the policy of the
editor of the Times—at that time, at least. It is
also the article which was indicated by Mr. Cal-
houn, while he was in this city, as the one to
which he referred when he made "the charge which
lias been floating about this city, and which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] took up
