442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
cultural pursuits. Twenty-one millions, then, of
the people of the country, derived their entire
subsistence from the other two millions engaged
in agricultural pursuits. It is, then, of course, for
the interest of those not engaged in agricultural
pursuits, constituting as they do the great ma-
jority of the whole people, to obtain legislation
that shall favor them at the expense of those who
are engaged in these pursuits. I say that is their
interest, and it is, therefore, their policy to break
down the political power of that portion of the
Union which is engaged in agriculture, and which
must, perhaps, always be chiefly so engaged, and
to obtain in Congress the power to favor class
legislation.
Now, sir, when you have obtained the power
and undertake to use it for the protection of the
manufacturing,the mechanical, and other interests
of the country, at the sacrifice of the agricultural
interests of the country, you cannot expect that
we shall submit to so unjust a system of legisla-
tion. Therefore I say that, in my humble opinion,
the day is not far distant when the South will be
compelled, from necessity, to protect her rights
against the oppression of the North; and when
that time does come, there is no people on the
face of the earth more determined to preserve
their honor untarnished, and their equality un-
impaired.
Mr. Chairman, we now have territory enough
to make fifteen or twenty more new States. Now,
sir, let these States come into th§ Union as free
States, and you then have thirty-five States, whose
interest it is to secure legislation antagonistic to
the agricultural and cotton regions of the country.
And who can doubt that oppression against the
agricultural interests will be carried to such an
extent that every man will be ready to defend him-
self, as did our revolutionary fathers, against the
tyranny of unjust legislation in the Halls of Con-
gress?
Sir, Federal interference in the local interests of
the States was never contemplated by our fathers
who framed the Constitution under which we live.
The primary object of the Government was to
regulate all the external relations of the nation,
to regulate our intercourse with foreign Govern-
ments, but not to interfere to any very great ex-
tent m the local legislation of the country. They
knew very well that a law passed for the exclu-
sive benefit of the State of Massachusetts might,
from the nature of things, operate unfavorably
to the interests of Georgia. They knew also that
a law passed for the exclusive benefit of the State
of Georgia might, from the difference of soil and
climate, be fatal to the interests of the State of
Massachusetts. Therefore, they left to each the
right of regulating its own legislation in reference
to its own local interests.
Now, then, whenever you can change this pol-
icy of the General Government; whenever you
can, by combination, obtain sufficient strength to
enable you to use the Government for the robbery
and oppression of the State of Mississippi, or any
other State in this Union, either North, South,
East, or West, that moment, I hesitate not to say,
that State or that section would rise in rebellion—
1/ you see proper to call it by that name—and re-
sist it with the bayonet if it cannot otherwise be
resisted. To that, in my opinion, it must ulti-
mately come. Why5 If we appeal to your justice,
what is granted to us ? If we appeal to the Con-
stitution, which is the creation of our common
forefathers, what is the answer?
Sir, we are told scornfully that, by the higher
law, and in virtue of numbers in the Halls of
Congress, never again shall a slave State be ad-
mitted into the Union. We are told more than
this; we are told that our people, however rapid
the growth of their population, or however rapid
the exhaustion of our soil in the production of
those great commodities which constitute the basis
of our commercial wealth, shall not be permitted
to expand; that if they attempt it the strong arm
of the Federal Government shall be stretched out
to arrest upon foreign soil, where they have placed
their feet, the bold pioneers from our midst, and
that they shall bo brought back and placed upon ,
our shores again. Well, sir, when gentlemen 1
have got the power, what will be the condition of j
the country? Do they expect us to tamely sub- tj
mit, when they shall pass a law advancing north- l:
cm commerce, at the expense of the agricultural ![
pursuits of the South, and when they shall pass
a law to advance the manufacturing interests of
the North, at the expense of the interests of the
South ? What then, think you, will be the con-
dition of the country* Do you think we will
longer submit to it? If you do, you are much
mistaken.
Mr. Chairman, there is no man in this House
who loves the Union more than the people of the
South. They love it, as I have already said, for
the glories which cluster round its birth, for the
gallant deeds of men of the North and men of
the South during the revolutionary struggles—
men whose ashes now repose in a common grave,
into which they went down fighting shoulder to
shoulder for their common rights of liberty and
equality. We love this Union; we have ever loved
it; we have ever sustained it; but, Mr. Chairman,
there is a point beyond which patience ceases to
be a virtue, a point beyond which aggression
upon us can be no longer borne. When the time
comes we shall do our duty as we do our duty
now.
Mr. LEACH. Mr. Chairman, it is the unques-
tioned right of the sovereign people to understand
fully, in all its bearings, whatever is recommended
to the favorable consideration of Congress by the
Chief Magistrate of the nation. And, sir, it is
evidently our duty, as Representatives of the peo-
ple, to investigate thoroughly all matters that have
thus received the Executive sanction; to receive,
approve, and adopt what is just and expedient;
and to expose and reject what is unjust or inex-
pedient. This is not simply our privilege—not
'a matter optional with us to be done or left un-
done; but an imperative duty, a faithful perform-
ance of which our constituents have a right to
expect at our hancis. Hence, I rejoice at the en-
tire freedom with which the annual message of
the President is examined and criticised, both in
this Hall and in the other wing of the Capitol.
It is necessary—highly necessary, and eminently
proper, that this should be done. These annual
repetitions of a close and searching examination
of that important document are essential to the
highest usefulness, the purity and permanence of
our system of government. A fearless and manly
exercise of this inalienable and constitutionally
guarantied right of freedom of discussion, cannot
be neglected or surrendered without imperiling
all that we, as American citizens, most sacredly
cherish.
I am aware, sir, that discussions on these occa-
sions are sometimes deemed unnecessarily severe
011 the Executive; butitmust be remembered that
when a man assumes the direction of the affairs
of this great nation, he voluntarily makes him-
self the servant of many millions of freemen; each
of whom has a right to know how he discharges
his duties, and to proclaim his approval or declare
his disapprobation, in such terms as he may deem
most appropriate. And it should be further re-
membered, thatordinary men only are reached by
ordinary means. Those in high places, who have
powerand patronage in their hands, may commit
with impunity deeds which would be regarded as
infamous, if perpetrated by the untitled and the
weak. Hence, a more thorough exposure, a more
emphatic and severe condemnation becomes ne-
cessary when men in high places make serious
mistakes or commit great crimes.
The people, sir, have a high regard for the pres-
idential office, and, when worthily filled, for the
President himself. But they do not always re-
ceive with confidence, and unreservedly adopt, the
opinions of him who may happen to bear the
honored title; for since the fathers of the Repub-
lic fell asleep, they have learned, by sad experi-
ence, how often and how far even a President may
stray from the landmarks of freedom. Often has
been verified to them the truth of Jefferson's dec-
laration, that " eternal vigilance is the price of <
liberty;" and they have learned to know that the i
higher the sphere in which a public functionary
moves, the greater the necessity for closely scru-
tinizing his acts, and cautiously weighing his rec-
ommendations. No man's opinion, in matters of i
moment, is to be taken upon trust; and least of all I
that of a public officer on matters of grave political i
import. And the subject becomes of the first 1m-
portanc.e, and demands cautious,wise, and decided
action, when thdt opinion bears directly or indi- |
rectly on the freedom of any part of the great '
family of man; or when it tends toward the estab-
lishment of lules that aie liable to be construed
favorable to slavery, or as hostile to any of those
" inalienable rights" which are the birthright of
every member of the human race.
Hence, sir, I have a fewremarks to offer upon
what the President has been pleased to recom-
mend, relative to the Africans liberated from the
Spanish ship Amistad, by the authorities of the
United States, some eighteen years ago. I choose
to speak upon this part of the message rather
than that otner and more important portion which
treats of " popular sovereignty" and African sla-
very in Kansas; for the reason, that in both
branches of Congress that subject has already
been ably discussed,and other gentlemen around
me, I am sure, will pursue it still further, until
the unparalleled iniquities practiced upon the free-
men of that unhappy Territory shall be fully ex-
posed to the view of an indignant and outraged
people. Atthesametime, lam anxious that every
word the President has uttered in his message at
the behest and for the interests of slavery, should
receive due attention; for I am confident in the be-
lief that there are multitudes in the free States who
supported him for the office he now holds, that
did not do it designedly for the benefit of slavery,
and that will repudiate with scorn his efforts m
its behalf, and henceforth give their influence and
their votes to men whose lives are a sufficient
pledge that they will ever be found true to the
cause of freedom. Hence, I pay my respects to
that portion of the message which relates to the
Amistad Africans.
This subject has been at least twice before
brought to "the attention of Congress; once by
Piesident Polk, and once by the immediate pre-
decessor of the present incumbent. Yet Congress
has not hitherto deemed it worthy of serious con-
sideration; and I trust that since the matter has
slept so long and so quietly, it will not now meet
with favor at the hands of this body. And I am
not without confidence that it will be permitted*
to sleep on; or, that if brought into the House, it
will meet the fate it so eminently deserves, and
be indignantly rejected by an expression so em-
phatic that neither the present incumbcnt of the
presidential office, nor any of his successors will
ever again venture tointrude it upon the attention
of Congress. Sure I am, if gentleman will but
give the subject the attention it deserves, they can
arrive at no other conclusion than that it has no
business here.
But let us hear what the Executive says rela-
tive to this matter. I quote entire his remarks
touching our relations with Spain:
" I regret to say that no progress whatever has been made,
since the adjournment of Congress, toward the settlement
of any of the numerous claims of our citizens agamst the
Spanish Government. Besides, the outrage committed on
our flag by the Spanish war frigate Ferrolana on the high
seas, off the coast of Cuba, in March, 1855, by firing into
the American mail steamer El Dorado, and detaining and
searching her, remains unacknowledged and unredressed.
The general tone and temper of the Spanish Government to- "
wauls that of the (Jrated States are much to be regretted.
Our present Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to Madrid has asked to be recalled; and it is my pur-
pose to send out a new Minister to Spain, with special
instructions on all questions pending between the two Gov-
ernments, and with a determination to have them speedily
and amicably adjusted, if this be possible. Jn the mean
time, whenever our Minister urges the just claims of our
citizens on the notice of the Spanish Government, he is met
with the objection that Congress have never made the appro-
pimtion recommended by^President Polk, in his annual
message of Decembei, 1847, {to be paid to the Spanish
Government for the purpose of distribution among the
claimants in the Amistad case.' A similar recommendation
was made by my immediate predecessor in his message of
December, 1853; and entirely concurring with both m the
opinion that this indemnity is justly due under the treaty
with Spain of the 27th October, 1793, I earnestly recom-
mend such an appropriation to the favorable consideration
of Congress."
So, if the President is correct, our Minister at
the Court of Spain is unsuccessful in pressing the
" just claims of our citizens," partly because of
the neglcct of this Government to pay for the Am-
istad Africans. And to remove this difficulty, to
put that kingdom in better "tone and temper,55
the President " earnestly recommends an appro-
priation to the favorable consideration of Con-
gress. "
Now, sir, for one, I shall not vote for an appro-
priation to put Spain, or any other Power, in better
"tone and temper '* towards our own Govern-
ment. If our citizens have just claims against
the Spanish Government, we are abundantly able
to see that ample justice is done them. Shall we
bubc Spain, or any other Power, to deal fairly
