1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington and Oregon War Claims—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
our terms. The record speaks for itself. The
commissioners have no reason to be ashamed of
it; nor has the Government reason to be ashamed
of it.
When the Indians separated, it was with a
cordial farewell on all sides; Kam-i-a-y-kan was
the last man I saw; and that chief parted from
me in the most cordial manner, expressing the
utmost satisfaction at the results of the treaty.
I said to him on parting, *' the agent Bolon will
soon go into your country to select a site for the
mills, and schools, and agency; and I wish you
to advise him in the matter." And he replied,
" I shaH be glad to see him, and will point out a
good place for the mill."
Pu-pu-mux-mux also parted from me in the
same manner; and if ever the face of an Indian
expressed joy and satisfaction, it was the face of
Pu-pu-mux-mux. Such was the fact in reference
to every Indian chief, and every Indian there as-
sembled. 1 may remark, in regard to Puget Sound,
that it is the testimony of the Indian chiefs, with-
out exception, and also the testimony of all well-
informed and disinterested white men there, with-
out exception, and such is my own deliberate
judgment, that if we had not made these treaties,
the war would have been general. The treaties
were the controlling element in maintaining peace.
Had it not been for these treaties, the field of war
would have stretched from the coast to the divide
of the Bitter Root mountains.
But, sir, in the observations I submitted a few
days ago, I spoke of the conduct of our people,
and of the conduct of the volunteers during that
war. Their conduct was throughout humane and
meritorious. At no time during that war was
there any unauthorized killing by the volunteer
forces.
The Indians, whether friendly or hostile, were
sacred m the camps of the volunteers; and it is
this fact that we hold up in the noon-day sun to
disprove the accusations made against the people
of those Territories.
The first act of war was by the Indians. I
have referred to Kam-i-a-y-kan, to his cordial
farewell when I left him, and to his promise to
assist the Indian agent Bolon, when he went into
his country. The Yakimas occupy a country
from the Cascades to the Columbia, one hundred
and fifty miles east and west, and some two hun-
dred north and south. In the month of August
we began to hear of our citizens being murdered
by the Yakimas. Finally the reports became so
well authenticated that a military force under
Major Haller was sent there by Major Rains, in
command of the troops on the Columbia river, to
demand the surrender of the murderers, or, on the
event of refusal, to punish the tribe.
Who were killed by these Indians? The vic-
tim of most mark was this Indian agent Bolon.
He was killed by the Yakimas, and by the order
of Kam i-a-y-kan, though he went there as their
agent, loving the Yakimas. He went there, and
went alone, unwilling to believe that the reports
of their having killed our people were true, and
hoping that the results of his investigations would
show that no such killing had been done. Ho was
much beloved by the Yakimas, was recognized
by them to be their friend, but having resolved on
war, they said, (referring to Bolon,) " we kill our
friends as well as ourenemies." He was one of
our slaughtered citizens on the grounds of the
Yakimas. We had some ten or twelve others—
there were one or two of my own neighbois; there
were two or three from Pierce county, as well as
several from the neighboring county of King; men
of sobriety, men of character, men who hod means
at home in the settled portions of the Territory, but
who had gone, as our adventurous American peo-
ple will go, into the wilderness to see whether
they could not better their fortunes. They were
killed on their way to the mines atColville. I sub-
mit it to the gentlemen of this committee: was it
right that the military arm of this Government
should be stretched out, when a tribe of Indians,
in violation of the plighted faith of treaties, guar-
antying safe conduct to all whites passing through
theircountry, slaughtered an officer of the Repub-
lic, and citizens of the Republic, without cause or
provocation ?
I trust that I have not to pause for a reply.
Such has been the general policy of the Govern-
ment. Such has ever been the policy of the Brit-
ish Government upon that coast, although under
the control of a simple trading company. The
Hudson's Bay.Company owe their ascendency
over the Indians to this fact more than to all things
else; that the life of a Hudson's Bay employe has
been held sacred, and the Indians who died vio-
lence to it were held to a strict accountability. I
could mention many instances when this course
was pursued.
It has been alleged that the miners passing
through the Yakima, violated the Indian women,
and committed other outrages, which provoked
them to retaliate. 1 heard nothing of this on the
i Spokane coming in from the Missouri, though I
! used every means to ascertain whether the war
had been provoked by indiscretion and wrong,
conferring not only with the Indians of the Spo-
kane and neighboring tribes, but with the fathers
of the mission at the Cceur d 'Alene and atColville,
and with the officers of the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany at the latter place.
In consequence of these murders, Major Haller
marched into the Yakima country with about
one hundred regular troops; was met and attacked
by a force of from ten to fifteen hundred warriors;
and though fora time entirely surrounded and cut
off from water, maintained ins position, reached
water after an obstinate and protracted fight of
some twenty-four hours, and finally succeedcd in
making good his retreat and saving his command
with a loss, in killed and wounded, of one third
of his entire force. While surrounded, he was
fortunate enough to get off a friendly Indian, who
made his way to the Dalles, and gave informa-
tion of the condition of Major Haller's command.
There was great excitement throughout both
Washington and Oregon m consequence. Major
Rams immediately made a requisition upon the
Governors of Washington and Oregon for volun-
teers; and that requisition was promptly complied
with. The volunteers moved into the field; and
thus this war had its origin, so far as the volun-
teers were concerned. I have here a whole vol-
ume of requisitions and orders and correspond-
ence, demonstrating these facts, but will not read
from the volume, as it will occupy time need-
lessly.
The volunteers, Mr. Chairman, came into ser-
vice in consequence of the attack of an over-
whelming force of Indians upon the troops of the
regular seiviee, m virtue of a requisition of the
officer in command of the military district, and
because the regular troops were inadequate to
protect the settlements, and bring this war to a
conclusion.
On Puget Sound we had extraordinary difficul-
ties to contend with. The war first broke out by
the murder of a settlement of twelve persons on
White river, and under circumstances of great
atrocity. The settlers became alarmed in conse-
quence of the floating rumors that the Indians were
bent on war, and had ilud fiom their homes to the
nearest town—Seattle. The Indians who were
their neighbois, went to them at Seattle, and told
them that they were needlessly alarmed; asked
them to go back to their claims, and assured them
that if any danger should threaten them, they
would give them timely warning. They returned
back; but before the morning's sun had risen,
they weie all slaughtered in cold blood, and by the
Indians who had invited them back. Not men
only were muidcred, but helpless women and
tender children. Two childien, with the mangled
remains of their mother, were thrown to the bot-
tom of a well. The Indians on that sound exceeded
the whites as five to two. Itwas time, certainly,
that our citizens should take up arms, and by en-
• ergy and vigor, endeavor to reduce to subjection
the Indians engaged in this terrible massacre, and
! prevent the other tribes joining them. It was done,
| and I have yet to be convinced that it was not done
: rightly.
I Why, Mr. Chairman, on that sound, so inad-
j equate was the force of regular troops, and in
> such imminent danger was the whole community,
| that a volunteer company—raised for the field—
| was detained for the defense of Fort Steilacoom,
■ in charge ofthe regular troops. LieutenantNugen,
j in command at that post, took the responsibility
| of raisins a company of forty me$, under Cap-
•! tain W. H. Wallace, and then wrote the adjutant
general of the volunteers, trusting that the acting
Governor would approve his action; and he also
wrote for cartridges to be sent them, as he was
deficient in ammunition. I give his letters in full,
establishing these facts:
Fort Steilacoom, W. T., October 31, 1855.
Sir : 1 have the honor to state that i have called upon
the citizens of Piercc county for one company of volunteers,
to act against the Indians on White river and vicinity, who
have been murdering our citizens, and attacked the com-
pany of rangers under Captain Baton, mustered into the
j>erv ce of the United States.
Tins call has been promptly responded to, and a company
of forty are now ready to take the field, under the command
of Captain Wallace, who will repoit to yuu for orders.
I wish you would come down to our post, as I think your
presence would expedite maueis. I nustyou will succeed
in getting another company in your place, as I am of the
opinion that no less than one hundred men should think of
taking the field, they to act together, and the work will
speedily be finished. I trust that the acting Govei nor will
approve of my action, as t could see no other way to main-
tain the peace of our country.
i am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
JOHN NUGEN,
Second Lieutenant Fourth Infantry, Com. Post.
James Tilton, Adjutant General W. T. Volunteers.
Head Quarters, Fort Steilacoom,
November J, 1855.
Sir : I have detained Captain Wallace's company of vol-
unteers to assist in protecting this post, in ca«se an attack
should be made. Dr. Tolmie, just in from Nisqually, in-
forms nie that one of his shepherds saw a band of some
twenty Klickitats, jutit in rear of Nisqually, last night.
I have notuly all the women and ehildien in the country
at the post, and will, of course, protect them.
T would respectfully request that all the men in this sec-
tion of the country be called out, as I am firmly of the belief
that we are to have a general Indian war in this vicinity.
Send mc down cartudges at the eailiest moment, as it is
ippoitcd that the Indians ate to make an attempt at taking
our fort to-night. This is just a report, but I wi<h to have
plenty ot' ammunition, and i am rather short just at thw
tunc.
With gioat respect, I have the honor lo he, vour most
obedient servant, JOHN NUGEN,
Second Lieutenant Fourth Infantry, Com. Post.
James Tilton,
Adjutant General W. T. Volunteers, Olyinpia.
These letters show the cordial relations between
the regular and volunteerservice in the Territory,
when the difficulties first occurred Such had
been our relations from the first organization of
the Territory. Such they continued to be until
the veteran commander of the department of the
Pacific pronounced the war the act of unprin-
cipled white men—as having been got up as a
matter of speculation; denounced authorities and
people as Indian exterminators; refused to recog-
nize the necessity of calling out volunteers, and
endeavored to ignore them when in the field.
However, this same commander did finally call
upon me in March for two companies of volun-
teers for the defense of Puget Sound, which I re-
fused to respond to for reasons given in full in the
official correspondence.
It is a fact well known on that coast to the
officers of the Hudson's Bay Company, that the
Indians of southern Oregon have always been so
hostile that the employes of that company did
not dare to trap there. Parties passing through
to California never ventured to stop there fora
day. I have this from the chief factor of the com-
pany, at Vancouver. I need not go over the
ground in southern Oregon; for it has been fully
occupied by the distinguished Delegate from that
Territory.
Here, then, was the origin of this war—a war
entirely unprovoked, a war caused by no bad con-
duct of our people; but caused altogether by the
fueling of antagonism between the two races. The
Indians there had heard of Indian difficulties on
this side of the Rocky Mountains; and it was a
combination with them to drive the whites out of
the country.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say to my friend, at
this point, that his country, in respect to this
charge of the Indian difficulties having been com-
menced by the whites, is precisely in the same
situation that our whole Indian frontier has been
for the last ten years. Whenever there have been
hostilities, there are traders and others who.have
carried abroad the idea that the first assaults were
made by the whites. Never mind what atrocities
have been committed by the Indians, such are
the reports circulated. It has been in my expe-
rience, and I have no doubt such is the case in
Oregon and Washington, that the Indians are al-
ways the aggressors.
