1858.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and poured out upon this floor, that Judge Doug-
las had indicated the course to be pursued by the
Lecompton convention. As I have said, the ar-
ticle appended to my speech was the one he re-
ferred to.
Taking all these facts together, I do not think
that the gentleman from Virginia has supported
himself in any respect by the evidence he has
brought forward on this occasion; and whatever
may be produced hereafter, it is my conviction—
indeed I have not a particle of doubt about the
matter—that the charge which has been floating
about, and to which the honorable gentleman is
endeavoring to give currency, that Jud^o Doug-
las interfered in any way or form with the con-
duct of the convention in Kansas or any of these
conventions, is utterly destitute of truth. The
gentletnan has abandoned his original charge. He
says now that Judge Douglas ought to have an-
swered the letter written to him by Mr. Calhoun.
I have spoken to Judge Douglas about this. He
docs not pretend to say that Mr. Calhoun may
not have written to him. He thinks that he did;
but he docs not recollect the purport of such let-
ter. Judge Douglas, as everybody is aware, has
a large correspondence, and is daily receiving a
large number of letters from all portions of the
country. Acting on his general policy of not in-
terfering, directly orindirectly, with (he affairs of
the people of thatTerritory, as a matter of course
he would not have given any advice upon the
subject. It would have been improper for him
to have attempted in any manner to influence or
control the fiee action of the people of Kansas.
He could not have done so without abandoning
his policy of non-intervention, of letting the peo-
ple of Kansas settle their affairs m their own way.
Acting on that policy, it was his duty to pay no
regard to any such letter, if received. Such, at
least, is my view of his duty. He never did give
any answer to it.. Gentlemen may airaigu him,
and think that he did wrong. I think that he did
ri<cht. No one can object to any one making any
fair criticism upon facts which do exist. What
I object to is the assertion of things as facts which
have no foundation whatever.
' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want five min-
utes. The gentleman has occupied my time, and
I only ask a small portion of lus.
The gentleman will readily see, that when these
rumors were rife throughout, the country, and,
moreover, when Judge Douglas u>ok the position
he did, it filled the breasts of a great many Dem-
ocratic gentlemen with alarm and with distrust,
and prepared them to entertain, with some degree
of belief, any further statements corresponding
therewith.
In reference to this particular fact, I have ad-
verted sufficiently. I believed it because an hon-
orable gentleman, as I supposed, John Calhoun,
an old friend of Judge Douglas, so stated it. 1
bring this evidence up in suppoit of my state-
ment. I could not be erroneous m believing these
things, especially when there were other circum-
stances which justified it. I think that the only
blame, perhaps, that I can be charged with, is the
moderation of my criticism. It is remarkable that,
in a speech of someelongation, I was so forbearing.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I will not de-
tain the committee. This is a matter ol little im-
portance. If I have done any injustice to thegen-
tleman from Virginia, I should say so, and say
so frankly. 1 have never desired to do him injus-
tice. I do not desire to do lam injustice now. In
regard to this matter, I thiijk the gentleman has
assumed to himself too much importance. If the
Democracy of Judge Douglas or any other gen-
tleman is to be tried, I should object, at least, to
the jurisdiction of the gentleman from Virginia.
I should insist on some man trymghim, or them,
who has a much more unquestionable record than
the gentleman possesses. I think that the hon-
orable member, who has been endeavoring for
years to affiliate the dark-lantern order, as it has
been called thioughout the country, may be a
very proper person to come forward to assail the
Democracy of other gentlemen with garbled ex-
tracts from a bitter partisan Republican paper of
Illinois. As I have said before, I do this with no
purpose of casting any special censure upon that
paper. The extracts quoted may have appeared
at some time, and in some connection, in the Chi-
cago Times; but without the connection, without
the date, without anything about the context, it
is impossible for .anybody to form a correct judg-
ment in regard to it. It is unfair for gentlemen
to bring them forward here even if they were de-
rived as stated, without stating the date and the
context, and the circumstances under which the
language was called forth.
I will say, in conclusion, that if I have used
language which the gentleman deems offensive in
regard to his associations with other parties 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust that the gen-
tleman will allow me a word here. I will say that
I have a pretty long record, and that no man can
put his finger where I have departed from any
principle of the Democratic party; and the gen-
tleman, must remember that I was never found
working against the Democratic party, as the gen-
tleman has been m the recent struggle on the
Kansas question; and it is remarkable that the
gentleman, who has affiliated with the Black Re-
publicans in overthrowing the Democratic party,
and did his best with that object in view to the
last, should talk about my affiliation with the
American party.
t Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Such reflec-
tions, Mr. Chairman, do not disturb me a parti-
cle. I have never acted in opposition to iJemo-
I cratic principles, or any legitimate or authorized
Democratic organization, and no man can, with
truth, charge that 1 have. Ail that I have done in
regard to this matter, and eveiyactof mine on
the floor of this House, has been dictated by my
own judgment and my convictions of right and
duty—duty to myself, to my constituent.-', to the
country, and especially to the Democratic paity,
which never can be benefited by an abandonment
of principles. I do not set myself up as the great
organ of the Democratic party, to read other men
out of it, or to make assaults upon them in icgard
; to their course. I have done nothing of the kind,
I In my course on Kansas, and all other matters. I
I have acted according to the dictates of my own
! judgment, and I do not object to other gentlemen
! doing so. What I do object to is, tiiat the <ren-
| tleman should arrogate to himself the office of con-
j sor, and bring up far-fetched and unauthentic
! charges, having no foundation in fact, ngunst
j those who have occupied, and now occupy, higher
; positions in the Democratic party than he ever
i did or ever can occupy; men who have devoted
i their whole lives to its servicc, and upon whose
| record there is neither spot or blemish.
! Mr. Chairman, I have said all that I desire at
' this time to say in regard to this matter. If the
I gentleman from Virginia is satisfied, J can cer-
tainly have no motive or desire to continue tins
discussion any further, and will therefore let it
stop here.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing debate.
Mr. M0!> RiS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
yieM me th* floor?
Mr. GROW. If it be onlyfor a moment, I will
yield.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
from Illinois will allow me, I will move that the
cSommittee rise for the purpose of terminating de-
bate on this bill in five minutes after the commit-
tee shall have resumed its consideration.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, yielded.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES then moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Uocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
. and particularly House bill No. 557, which he had
j been directed to report back with certain amend-
ments; and a!r-'> House bill No. 553, as to which
; the committee had come to no resolution.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
| question on the passage of House bill No. 557,
I making supplemental appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1859.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The several amendrB€nt<$,reported.b&ck by4^
Committee of the Whole on the state of th*e tfmda
were agreed to. - 1
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and rea£
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-*
ingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONGS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE. ' '
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. I move that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on bill No, 555 be closed in ten Ann-
ates after its consideration shall have boeiwwi-
sumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCIES KN INDIAN DEPARTMENT.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocqck
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of a
bill (H. R. No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations foi the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department,and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1858.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, Mr. Chairman, the
controversy which sprung up some time ago at
the instance of the member from Virginia, he has
chosen, on this occasion, voluntarily, to renew.
It has ever been my object, since I have had a scat
on this lioor, to treat every gentleman here with
courtesy and kindness. But 1 found myself unex-
pectly involved by the exposure which the mem-
ber from Virginia thought proper to make, of what
he claimed to be a piivate conversation in my pri-
vate room. Sir, while I seek no controversies, if
they are forced upon me, I .shall not shrink from
them. The object of the gentleman m renewing
the matter here to-day is evident to the House,
and will be evident to the country. He desned,
sir, to assail, and, as far as he could, to blast the
reputation of the honorable Scnatoi from Illinois,
Judge Dow.i.as, the latchet of whose shoes he is
unworthy to unloose.
Mr. SMI ri-I, of Virginia. I just want it dis-
tinctly undrrsfood that if thegentleman utters any
word of offense to me I will not stand it one in-
stant.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman may
stand it or not, as he pleases.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call upon the Chair
to pieservo order, or I will preserve it myself. «
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Il-
linois must r^mfmber that it is contrary to the
rules of the House to indulge in remarks casting
personal reflections on any member, and will
please to refrain from doing so.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If I have trespassed
upon the order or decorum of the House, I cer-
tainly owe the House an apology for it, while I
owe none to thememberfrom Virginia,and have
none to make to him This controversy, let me
repeat, has been voluntarily renewed by him; and
inasmuch as he has read what he says is an arti-
cle from the Chicago Times, 1 ask the Clerk to
read an editorial in that paper in relation to the
point of controversy involved, which I send up
to the desk.
The Clerk read the article, as follows:
A stale falsehood.—In a ppefch delivered in the
House ot Representatives by 2Vrr. William Smith, of Vu-
gini.i, (othenv^e cnilcd 'Eftra Billy,') he is reported as
having -;aui that the mode adopted by Calhoun and his Le-
compton a«-uc:ate? in not submitting the Lecompton con-
stitution to a vote of ihe people was adopted hccauseitwas
.•misled by the Cluongo Times, which was supposed by
Calhoun to c.\pre*& the opinion of Judge Douglas on that
point. , „
" The following the portion of the speech of Mr. Smith
in which ihis statement was made:
" ' Let me say heie. also, thatMr. Calhoun wrote to Judge
Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a friend, stating the plan
that \va- to be ptf«ued, and asking his advice in reference*
to it. No ansvvci to that letter was ever received ; but the
Chicago Times came out and indorsed the proposed plan.
1 /tnttfas fact, which will not tie disputed in any quarter,
that Senator Douglas, not as a Senator, but as a conspic-
