APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 81,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Washington and Oregon War Claims—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
And I accord my testimony to that of the gen-
tleman, that these charges against the white peo-
ple of the frontier are most unjust. 1 had no
opportunity before to reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia,'[Mr. Garnett,] who
insinuated that all these Indian wars were got up
on speculation. I recollect that many years ago
Indian wars were quite as common as on the fron-
tier; and I would like the gentleman to say wheth-
er, when John Smith had charge of the Virginia
colony, he was not provoked by Indian warfare,
and had not his calamities with them as we have
at this day ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They were not so
expensive.
Mr. CURTIS. But they destroyed your col-
onies. There was nothing but your bones left.
Your soil was red with the blood shed in the In-
dian wars, and the history of the country shows
that that has been the character of this warfare.
Mr, ST&VENS, of Washington. I am greatly
obliged to my friend from Iowa for the remarks
which he has made. I know, myself, that in
1853 I had a strong feeling that there was much
of outrage committed by the whites upon the In-
dians, and that that was the prolific cause of In-
dian wars. But, as I became acquainted with the
frontier population, and as I came to know facts
as they were, my mind was changed, and I here
declare, on my responsibility, that the charges
are utterly unfounded.
Mr. Chairman, in regard to the military opera-
tions undertaken in those two Territories, 1 desire
to say a few words- I shall mainly confine my
observations-to the operations at Walla-Walla,
for that is the salient point of the whole business,
it is admitted on all sidt5s that there was a war in
southern Oregon, and on Paget Sound, in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, and that it became abso-
lutely necessary that the white settlers should or-
ganize for defense. But it has been said that the
advance of the volunteers upon Walla-Walla,
drove the Indians into hostility; that the Walla-
Walla chief, Pu-pu-mux-mux, was friendly; and
that even when the volunteers reached the valley
he endeavored to make peace; that he was treach-
erously slain under the protection of a flag of
truce; that the volunteers commenced the attack,
and thatthelndiansresisted simplytogetinsafety
their women and children. ThcfiglitoVthe Walla-
Walla was a four days' fight. I was moving at the
time from the Spokane to the Nez Porcescountry.
I wa« in the midst of an Indian council with the
Nez Perces, making my arrangements with that
tribe to get the services of its warriors, to force
my way through the hostile Walla-Wallas, Cay-
uses, and other tribes, under the lead of Pu-pu-
mux-mux,to the settlements, when the news came
of that fight. The Indian, who had rode one hun-
dred miles the previous eighteen hours, told all
the circumstances of that fight, at one end of the
council lodge, to the Indians there assembled,and
it was interpreted to me, sitting in council, at the
other end. 1 had previously conferred with the
chiefs of the Nez Perces tribe and with the chiefs
on the Spokane, in order to satisfy mys'elf of the
attitude of Pu-pu-mux-mux. 1 became satisfied
it was one of unmitigated hostility.
When I reached the Nez Perces country, the
chief Joseph, the third chief of the tribe, an old
man of over seventy years of age, had returned
but a short time from a mission of peace to the
Walla-Walla. He had endeavored to dissuade
Pu-pu-mux-mux from going to war. But Pu-pu-
mux-mux drove him away with scorn and con-
tumely, telling him, " I am the chief here—I am
like yonder mountain above other men. I coun-
sel with no man. Go home! Perhaps your own
people will listen to you." Joseph then went to
the Cayuses, and saw their chiefs—the Young
Chief, the Five Crows, and Camespelo—and in-
treated them to continue friendly. They treated
him with the same scorn and contumely as did
Pu-pu-mux-mux,the more significant, as he was
allied to them by blood, being a half Cayuse.
And Joseph went home discouraged and heart-
broken. These same facts I had, on reaching the
Walla-Walla, from the friendly Cayuses and
Walla-Walla chiefs, small in number, who per-
sisted in their refusal to join the war party. How-
IkhwarapOjTintemitse, and Stickas, of the Cay-
uses, and Pierre, of the Walia-Wallas, with their
followers, had maintained their friendship at the
hazard of their lives, having left the main camp of
their tribe and encamped with the settlers who
remained in the valley. These settlers were
not attacked by Pu-pu-mux-mux and the allied
chiefs, because it could only be done by passing
overxhe dead bodies of the friendly chiefs. All
these facts I learned before any controversy had
grown up, and before I imagined any controversy
could possibly grow up, in regard to the position
of Pu-pu-mux-mux and the allied tribes and
chiefs.
A gentleman who has made himself conspicu-
ous by his denunciations of the volunteers, and
his defense of Pu-pu-mux-mux, has admitted that
the seizure of Fort Walla-Walla was an act of
hostility; that the appropriating of Government
property there, and distributing it among the sev-
eral tribes, was an act of hostility; that the burn-
ing of the houses of all the settlers in that valley
was an act of hostility; but that there was con-
vincing evidence that all these acts of hostility
were not the acts of Pu-pu-mux-mux, but the acts
of the Yellow Serpent. Now, Pu-pu-mux-mux
and the Yellow Serpent are one and the same man.
Pu-pu-mux-mux, m the Walla-Walla tongue,
Serpent Jaune, in French, and the Yellow Ser-
pent, in English, ar# the several names of this re-
nowned chief, known to all voyageis and well-
informed men in thatcountry, and well known to
myself. And this Indian chief, whether he be
called Pn-pu-mux-mux, Serpent Jaune, or the
Yellow Serpent, was guilty of the acts of hostility
above enumerated, and this, too, by the admission
of Pu-pu-mux-mux's defender and apoloinst.
The record evidence is overwhelming and con-
clusive of Pu-pu-mux-mux's hostility. It was
early reported by the Indian agent on the ground.
It was testified to by all the settlers of that val-
ley, and by the factors and employes of the Hud-
son's Bay Company posted at Walla-Walla. And
the record evidence is equally overwhelming and
conclusive that all the chargesof Pu-pu-mux-mux
being entrapped by a flag of truce and treacher-
ously killed, are utterly unfounded. The offi-
cers, the Indian agent, and the interpreter, pies-
ent at the first conference—every eye-witness,
and they arc men of unimpeachable honor and
integrity, present at his death, agrees as to the es-
sential facts. Pu-pu-mux-mux did approach the
volunteer camp with a flag of truce, and a confer-
ence was held. Colonel Kelly, m command of the
troops, refused to receive him, except as a pris-
oner. Pu-pu-mux-mux went to his camp as a
prisoner, his object being to gam tune in older to
concentrate the Indian forces; and also by cun-
ning and management to induce the troops to oc-
cupy a position where he could attack them with
advantage. On his reaching camp, Colonel Kelly
still refused to receive Pu-pu-mux-mux on any
other terms except as a prisoner, and oifcied to
let him go home. Pu-pu-mux-mux continued
with the volunteers, receiving from th'mi kind
treatment, and, as he stated, sent word to his
people to keep friendly. The volunteers marched
towards the Indian camp, Pu-pu-mux-mux ac-
companying them, when they were attacked by
Pu-pu-mux-mux's people. In this manner the
action commenced, and while it was going on the
chief endeavored to make his escape, and was
killed whilst furiously attacking his guard. He
was killed while struggling with his guard and
endeavoring to wrest the gun of his guard from
his hands. This action lasted four days, resulted
in a complete victory over the Indians, and drove
every hostile Indian to the northward of Snake
river. Its effect on the Indian mind was prodi-
gious, as I personally know from my own inter-
course with the Indians of the interior at the very
time.
Mr. Chairman, this movement on the Walla-
Walla, therefore, did protect our frontier. It
maintained the peace of the interior for the long
winter of 1855-56. In this connection I desire to
refer to the general order emanating from the con-
queror of Mexico, Lieutenant General Scott, com-
plimenting the valiant officers and men of the
army, who made an expedition of twelve days
against the Apaches of New Mexico. It was an
expedition ofeightcom panics—four hundred men
—moving against one of the nomadic tribes of the
far-famed Apaches. In that general-order, twelve
officers and twenty-six men are mentioned as hav-
ing particularly distinguished themselves. Here
are three reports, [holding up the open volume
containing them,] one from Colonel Bonneville, a
gentleman well known to me; another from Cap-
tain Ewell,a friend of my youth, three years with
me at the Military Academy, a most gallant and
meritorious man; and the third from Colonel
Miles, giving all the derails of this action. It was
not a case simply of soldiership, but of conduct
It was not enough that the men were brave, but
they must be well managed. It was a case of tac-
tics and strategy, of flanks, and rears, and re-
serves.
These reports show that eight companies of
troops—four hundred men—pursued, overtook,
fought, and defeated—how many? Forty war-
riors. There is your feat of arms made the sub-
ject of a general order, in which twelve officers
and twenty-six men are reported for distinction.
I speak of it with entire respect. The gallant
Scott knew full well that the disparity of force
did not make the affair ridiculous.
Now, gentlemen, go with me to the distant
Territories of Washington and Oregon, and to the
plains of the Walla-Walla, where three hundred
volunteers fought seven hundred Indians for four
days, aivd defeated them, killing some seventy
Indians. Go with me to the Grande Ronde, where
the gallant Colonel Shaw, with one hundred and
sixty volunteers of Washington, fought three hun-
drod Indians, killing some forty, and striking a
great blow upon the hostile Indians. Go with me
to the battle of Connell's prairie, on the shores of
Puget Sound, where one hundred and sixty vol-
ume rs fought two hundred Indians, and defeated
them, killing thirty of their number.
This movement of Shaw's was something more
than a twelve day's march. Three columns of
troops moved simultaneously from the sound,
fiom the Columbia valley, and from the Nez
IVrces country, meeting at the Walla-Walla,
within a single day, and then a vigorous move-
ment with a portion of this force was made across
the Blue mountains, a forced march, some sixty
miles, in one night and a day, when the enemy
was struck and completely routed. The troops
from the sound crossed the Cascades, snow still
on the mountains, and marched some three hun-
dred miles to the pomtof rendezvous. Of all these
three columns, the arrangements were complete,
and the means of transportation ample, the col-
umn from the Dalles having in their tram forty-
five wagons, carrying not only supplies for the
troops, but a large quantity of provisions for the
friendly Indians.
Sir, 1 say, all honor to the officers and men who
conquered the Indians m New Mexico; but 1 ask
the committee also to do like honor to the volun-
teers of Washington and Oregon, who foughtthe
Indians, always being outnumbered, and some-
times more than two to one. I ask for the people
of those Territories the same measure of justice
which has been rendered to the people of New
Mexico and the people of Florida. There have
been Indian difficulties in Florida, and, within
two years, you have had twelve companies of
regulais there, and at least six companies of vol-
unteers. And 1 thank God that Florida was near
enough to the Federal capita1 for its Governor
to tome here, post-haste, and to procure the rec-
ognition of the services of the volunteers of Flor-
ida by the General Government. Sir, that force
was unquestionably necessary; they fought the
Indians, and now, when they have subdued them,
it appears that there were about one hundred and
sixty-two Indians there, including women and
children. You sent that force against less than
one hundred warriors, and the expenses incurred
by the Florida volunteers have been paid, and
paid promptly, by this Federal Government. So
with New Mexico: the expenses of the volun-
teers in New Mexico have been paid by the Gen-
eral Government, and the provision to pay them
was pur in the Army appropriation bill. So in
the case of California: Congress made an appro-
priation to pay the Fremont riflemen, and organ-
ized aboard of three Army officers to inquire into
the balance of the claims. The Army officers
made an examination, they reported to the Sec-
retary of War, and at the* very next session of
Congress their awards were provided for in the
