2-554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
uous friend of that gentleman, \va= written to in the month
of September. a--km£ In# advice as to the course to be pur-
sued in the-ubans.-ion of the constitution, find that he never
re#-poH<i.?d to that letter by di—ent or Affirmation. I repeat,
tha Chicago Tunes, understood to be under ins influence,
was pubh-ned, containing an ariicle mdoi>mg the sugges-
tion- ofth.it letter. I have not time to go into tin* quest-on
as I would luce; but such aie the facta m relation to tins
mattei
k  We did not meet with this statement by Mr. Smith
until we saw tt quoted m a «-pepeh by Mr Marshall, of
thi> dmte, who quoted it to biand it as it deserved But,
having met it, we now have to state that it in utteily defi-
nite of tiiuh. No article of the kind ever appeared in the
Chicago Times. From the eaihest meetinc ot the conven-
tion to its adjournment, we always assumed it to be an as-
certained tact that the convention would submit, the con-
stitution, and the whole of it, to the people ot Kansas for
rejection 01 approval.
« When we ascertained that the convention had inserted
a clause establishing and peipneain'C slaveiv, in defiance
of the populai wi-h, as e\ preyed hi the election of Pai iott,
we took the gtoumi that the con-titution was a ridiculous
mockery, because the people, alien thcycamc la oot" upm
it, would vote it down. When the news came that the eon
veiiuon had >o framed the schedule that the people would
not have the privilege of voting upon the con-ututioii—
either tor or against it—we ueie pesfectly astounded, not
only with the ia-cahty of the proceeding, but with the bold,
unblushing repudiation of solemn pledge which ncccs&unly
accompanied n.
'Dtuing the winter, however, we umleistond that Mr.
Calhoun justified In*, conduct by ailojiinsr that the
in Vngnii
obtaining
[ •')> of the Hon-
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will suspend
the reading. This is a part of the speech of the
gentleman from Illinois; ami the Chair, in as kind
i and polite a manner as possible, notified the gen- 1
j tleman from Illinois that it was not in order to in- j
dulge in personalities. I
j xVir. MORRIS, of Illinois. Well, sir, the only :
( part of the editorial that I cared anything about j
j has been read. 1 wanted the editor of the Times j
| to speak for himself in regard to this matter. He :
i] states in that editorial—and that was one object . i
[ in having it read—that he took pains to have Cal-
i houn indicate, when he heard he was malnngThc
[ charge that his course in Kansas was based upon ;
i an article which had appeared in the Times, to
| what article he referred; and Calhoun responded
] that he referred to the article quoted there, which J
is identically the same cuticle which my colleague 1
' [Mr. Marshall] incorporated in his speech,
h Now,sir,( have done with thatbranch of the sub- 1
j ject. It fixes the misrepresentation where it be- 1
ij lon^s. ^ 1
>i Th" gentleman has again referred to a conver- I
! sation which he says occurred with me in mypn-
! vate room. When this matter was belore the :
John Callioun justified In, conduct hy allejin? that the | House some time ago, 1 remarked:
eoutse he had imbued had been toilowed because it had ; " I united the jrntleman to my jooin foi the pmpo?e— ,
been recommended by the Chicago Time?, indeed, Mi. j| I think the aemleman will bear me witness—mainly of (
Calhoun so stated in a private letter which he addi ps*ed to ! \ mu oduemg to him an old >ol<hei 111end, who iorniei H h\ ed 1
*' "" " " and who had eomo 011 heie tor the pmpo-e of .
p,-,,-io:i..ind I wa- dubiousofenii^tiiigtnemem-
Iih favor. '
To that i-rnaik the gentleman from Virginia '
replied as follows:
" It l- ban! by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr Morcnisj
that this conversation or-em red in his mom, in the pi er-ence
of his lainilv. That is ti up, -n ; but 1 went wiih a view to i
eon>uU with linn, a* he has stated, and thii public subject •
came up in coaveisaiiiin a'tei that pr.v.ue matter was (lis- ,
posed of."
lie came to my private room to consult with
the old solder, as I stated, and as he has admit- !
ted. Now, mi , that old soldier, the member from '
Vii^inia, and myself and family, vote the only
poisons present af that jnteiwew. I desire that
old soldier to speak for himself as to what was
said on that occasion. I ask that the aiTidavit
which I send to the Clerk's desk may be read as
a part of my speech Not a word or line of it
was written or dictated by me, nor do I know who
dtd write it. It embodies his own recollections of
the facts.
The affidavit was read, as follows:
i^'L' \TE OF ft l.IN'OlS, McDoNOl'fiH ( O L N T vT, '• '•
The undei>i2i)ed, Th«>m is ^mithei-. beinir duly sworn,
doth depo-e and that he w,i- at Wadnngton r-iu dni-
iu<i a patrol thewiutei hist pa-t, lo, the purpose oi pio?e
eutimra < faun lot a pen-.ion ; and while theic.-ome tune in
the nuni" 11 ol Decern be i. I;-,, affiant, -pent an eventn „ra t 'he
room ol Hon 1 M Mot i i-. and was'mlbimcd bv said .Mori i-s
that e\-Go\ emoi Smith, ol Virginia, would be there to see
a than t in leleicnee to - aid chum. Atfiant lurihei -t.ite^ t)tat
said ^ until eaoie to said loom about half pa-t -evva o clock
p. m ot -<ud dav. and lemanied tbeie trotn one halt to three
quarter of an houi. Thar the only per-ons present weie
the -aid fcjimih, Moiru-aud hi-w ife. and alri.uit, ami affiant
now i;KHt po-itu'cly -tares t:i:>t no -itch «taremeni.- as said
Sniuh has aitubuted to paid Mom-, m a -pcech iceentlj'
duhveied iiy him, .-muh. in the Mouse ot Itepu 3entatives,
in suhotance that •' the Jlhnoi>  deh-juuion in Consiius*. had
Pending the reading of the affidavit, the time
for debate having expired, the hammer fell.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to hove
five minutes more. I would like to have time in
which the Clerk might finish reading the papers
I have sent to his desk.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to act in
perfect fairness. I will yield to the gentleman,
that he may go on with his remarks, for five or
ten minutes. I hope the discussion will be soon
brought to a close, and that the bill will be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to Fay that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Ctlancy
.iWLfe] has treated me with great courtesy, and I
thank him for his kindness. I ask that the affi-
davit be irad through.
The Ob-nk finished the reading of the paper.
Afi. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 send another pa-
per to the Cleik to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tiv under-imi'mI citizeiiaof McDonoughcounty, Illinois
do spue that they have known Thomas Smithers. wnose
i petition to the Ooncrress ot the United State* is hereto an-
; ue:\ed, for tnoie than twenty years ; that they know him to
1 bean boite^i, upi «uht. bonoiahle old man, who^e veracity
' cannot he impeached ; and that they have read the toiego-
mq petition, and fumly believe the tacts set foith theiein
are tiue
George A. Taylor,
us upon the subieci. We took pam-> to have Mr. Calhoun I
mdieate the particular aiueie in the Time- upon winch he j
loivvanled his impudent and ciavc i apology lor ins own |
fchamele-s conduct, 'i'hat aiticle i- as toliow-: !
o i Iva.vsas.~The Constitutional Convention —rJ'he i
eonveutioa which wa- <-lected m Iv in.-.i> to (rame a State |
con-jiuuiion toi that Terutoiy will ,-oon men again. Thev j
cannot laii to have obsei ved, what all the res.t of the vvoild j
bus observed, that the voice of the people ot Kan-as is in j
favm ot a hee state. We know not, w hat may he the pus- I
po?«: or iCLiinga of the delo«:itCo upon ihe <pu>tion of -la-
very. but the lecent election has demon -tinted that nothing
etj-e th-in a coi^titutton which *\v.\U e^lude or ptohihit shi-
very will be accepted by the people ot the Terutoiy. That
fact is so parent that no man can -hut hi- eye- to it.
'•k (t i-;v'iul that the eon vent ion. when elected, wa* tinan-
imou-tv pio ?lavery ; that we know to he unti ue , u e know
that t'lCJe \v< ic manv delegate; bu who in lavnr o! oh. y-
ing the wi-he-i 'd the people ; and a in.i o! itv in lavnr o! mb-
mittmg their action, no matter what it was, to p.ipulai ap-
proval or icjeeiion at the polls. Wh.it that <. (invention will
do, oi what it will not do, we have not the mean- ol know-
ing. But we know that any attempt to foice a pio slavery
constitunon upon the people, without the opportunity ot
voting U down at the poll will be re«anled. altci the recent
evpres-ion of sentiment, .is -o decidedly uuju-t, opjuosive,
and unwoithv of a free people, that the people ot the l!ni
ted fctates will not^ancuon it. it would add thousand* to
tin* vote of the Republican paity incveiy State ol the Union,
and Rive to that oi ionization what it lias never had yet—a
allow ofju-tiee ami tiiuh.
" ' To'the Democratic nvmlKis of that < onveniion, the
oouiii' is plain. The peojile h.ive decided ill lavoi ol a hee
State; though they have not voted ou the naked i--ue ot
11 tiee Slate ' or kv .-lave State,'' thev lane voted praene;i!lv
in tavoi ot a (ree State. Two thud- of the Democratic patty
in Kansas have voted with the fiec-Siare'" pai tv at the ie-
eent (,lemion, in oider to make the populai deu-iou nioie
«'iupfi;uic. As K'iti--an mu-i he a fiec ouiie, c\ en tho-e pci-
^ou- in ihe Ten itoi_v who ate know n a- '• P1'0 -lavoi v" men,
must reeojjnize in tile late election a deei-ion ubuh mu-t
nut be sighted or put at defiance. To that expies^ion oi
tl.u popular will, thejc ohould be a graceful, if not a eheei
ful -ubmi—ion. Kan-as is to be a tiee State! That luet
being ascertained, let the convention fiamc a eon-tuution
to suit her best interests upon all other question-, and let
Charles Hays,
J. \V. Wc-tfall,
Huah Kinkade,
William S. Had,
II. i\avlor,
S. G. Canon,
John 0 C. Wilson,
W. [J. Fiauklm,
J3 T. N.i\lot,
J. W. Mauiv,
J. C. Robert3,
J. L. N. Hall,
F. G. Caiy,
Wi'liam S. Bailer.
William W. Bailey,
J. E. Wytie,
J. D. Walkei,
Thomas Pickett,
Loven Garrett,
Thomas Bear-d,
C. W Wviip,
J. E. Jack-oti,
J. Nankivill,
L, A. Hunt,
the prohibition of slavery be put yi, cle.uly, and without ' j had a eonieienee. an«l determined oi agreed that the only :
qmhble, platnlv, without* disguise, explicitly, hioadly, and ij way foi Judjie L'oa^las to -eetuo ins lut-h-elion to the Liu- ,
fumU. Lot tlie convention then submit that constitution !i tedState^ Senate \\<i- bv oppo>im* th'^ailnu.^ion ot Kansas
to the people. If U be adopted, Knn-i* will conic into th
Union at the next session, and the Republican paitv will
expire ior the want of sustenan 'c. It any meinheis of the
convention de-ue to piolong tiie cnntio\eii:y, or to have a
rogulai direct vote upon sdave f^tateand fiee State, let a free-
Btate constitution—the Topeka con -tstation, divested of
such of its provi-ions os time has shown to be unsuitable—
and a slave State coi^tuutiou be piepaird. lift them both ;j known and expie
he submitted to the people—the vote to be *' free State coa
jit.tuuon, ve-.'5 or "ftee State cou-t'tution, no i^la\"
{State cou-utu'tion, ves," or -• sla\e Mate constitution, no
lid them, if tiicy desire to vote, in ia\ ot of a slave Stele,
have the opportunity; but lkt tup ( oxsti ittion bc sub-
Mitt no to line I'opri.Mi vo'ii , and at an early day.
Let the p-e-ent convenoon ^nbin't tins matter to the
people without delay, and h.we the lou^r coiUiovei^x s>euled
finally, and in the only effectual manner that po--ible.
in s>ix mouths alter the admi>sion ot Kansas. JJiack llepub-
hc,nii-iu will he no more '
"And thi-i the. aiticle which John Calhoun, when
duvon to a corner, repie-ented to the President and Cabi-
net aj the one trom which he denved the plan nU to sub-
mit the con-tituuori to the people at all! And tuu poor,
paltry falsehood, frantpd bv Callioun as an apology for con-
duct of which even he wai a-haraed. is taken up by Smith,
and gravely repeated to the House of Representatives. The
statement wbpn made by Smitn has not even the question-
able excuse which Calhoun nn^bt ha^e oh1-'red fo* it- tab-
ncation. Smith had riot been a niemhor ot the Lccompton
convention, like Calhoun, and there, o-e was not duven hy
per.-oval motives to hide his own political turmtude a
talseliood.'>1
unde? the Lec-jamum con--l.iuii(.n/5 weie made bv &aid
Mouis at the time, nor wa- anvthim? said h\ said Morns
which could he so con-uued to heai any siicli meaning;
hut t>u the eo:it:.uy, ?aui Moms, hi -aid eou\<;r-ation, 111-
' isted, m the ^tro.iVest teim^, th;U f-atd con-titution was a
fraud on too people nf theTei riiOiV c.i Kant-a>, and that the
Kline ousjht no? to he foiced upon ihem, against then well-
■d wirbei-. and that the atluiission of
Kansas undei said eou-titution would he a cleai violation
of the pr iieiples of popular sovereignty, and would deleat
and ruin the entne Dcmociatic part> , and I am suic that
1M1 Moms -.aid eotluns in said eonvcisation, winch could
have been fanly eou-fu-'d to nnph that the Illinois dele-
gation were oppo^-d to tl'.e adnn-^iou of Kansas tor meiely
si,iu.-h or pctoon.i! mo.iv : nor wa- anvtlmi',' -aid, in said
conversation, about un meeting ot conference ol the Ilh-
iioh deleiMtion upon the subject, or anyaction havni'i been
takeri b> them. Aliiani wis at the room ot said Moms
wh.-n haul Smith caiiie. and remained there neaiiv an hour
alter he left, and wa- paitieioating m the conversation, and
iieard all that was .-aid while Governor Smith lemamed.
THOMAS SMITHJDES.
State ok Illinois, M*. Donougti county, ss :
'i'his djy peisonally came betnre me, the undcrs^ned,
eleik of the oucuit eoua of ':aid t muty, the above-named
Thomas Snuthers, who made oetii hetare me that the foie-
gom« statement, by him t-ubicnbcd, was true, to the best
of lii-s knowledge and belief.
In testimony wheieof, I have hpieunto set my hand and
tlis seal of said wourt, tins oth day of April,
W. T. HEAD, Clerk.
J&aac (iraiisliam
Thomp-on Chandler,
J P. M. Duehanan,
John M. Ciabb,
James D. Walker,
Thomas Adeoek,
T. B. B. Matny,
S. Farwell,
C. A. Lauicon,
J. II. Wilson,
I). Laieson,
W. T. Head,
J L Tut aun,
Charles Chandler,
J. H. Baker,
J. W. A i kin son,
Daniel Clarke,
John Wiley,
.Tames Henderson,
John S. Anderson,
J. H Arkin-on,
Renjannn Vail,
B. Lroaddus),
O W. Smith.
Macomb, January 1, 1855.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That paper was
sent hero under the charge of Colonel Richard son,
at the time when Mr. Smithers made his applica-
tion for a pension. He was here lnmst'li, as he
states in his affidavit, during the month of De-
cember last; was before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and told his "own story, and exhibited
to them honorable scais and wounds received in
the batili-s of his country. It is gratifying to mc
to be able to say that that committee were unan-
imous in teportinjy a bill for his relief, and that it
has since passed both Houses of Congress, and
become the law of the land, placing his name upon
the pension roll of the Government. He is a
highly intelligent and honorable gentleman, and
stands as fair as any man in the country for truth
and veracity; but 1 have no particular comments
to make in reference to his affidavit. It speaks
for itself. The people will judge of it; and they
will judge, too, of this renewed attack of the mem-
ber from Virginia [Mr. Smith] upon the Senator
fromflllinois.
It was not my purpose to indulge in crimination
or recrimination on this or any other subject; but
as the member from Virginia has undertaken to as-
I sail the Democracy o/Illinois, and to read out of
: the party Governor Wise, of Vnginia,and many
j other prominent gentlemen, I must sayaword or
two in regard to him. I could go into the political
| history of the gentleman from Virginia, and show
| fully his affiliation with Know Nothingism. In-
! deed the evidence of that is to be found on the,
| public records of the country. What was the
1 character of his speech delivered in this Hail a few
1 days ago againsf the admission of Minnesota but
! a violent Know Nothing speech ? He objected to
' her admission, because her constitution permitted
| aliens to vote after a certain residence; ior there
; was no other objection to it, and none other^was
assigned. It was, I repeat, a purely Know Noth-
j ing speech. Besides, a gentleman of his district,
; whose name I will be happy to furnish him, it
; he desaes it, has offered me any amount of tesit-
; mony to prove the gentleman's Know .Nothing
