444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
ever been, and still 1s, a.blessing to the African race; that
it has developed the resources of this great country to an
untold extent; and that, by its conservative influences, it
has elevated us in the scale of morality, wealth, enterprise,
and intelligence, to a point never attained by any other peo-
ple.
" Asa southern man,proud of the place of my nativity;
as the owner of slaves; as conscientious of my moral ob-
ligations, I trust, as any gentleman on this floor, I hesitate
not, here or elsewhere, to defend this institution as being
strictly iitaccoidance with the principles of light, of Chris-
tian duties, and of morality, and a  having the highest sanc-
tion of laws, both human and divine."
I have not- one word of comment to make on
this declaration—not a word. Let it go to the
people of the free North " without note or com-
ment." I cannot make it plainer, and I know of
but one way to render it more impressive than it
now is. There is an illustrious namesake of mine,
whose genius shines conspicuous in every num-
ber of the London Punch, who, above all rpen,
is qualified to illustrate truths so sublime as these!
Let us have an illustrated edition upon which men
shall look and be converted, whether they will or
not. Some men do not seem to feel the power of
truth, but tlie artist can ofttimes make them see it.
Give us an illustrated edition of modern Democ-
racy; the theme is agrand one; the materials rich!
I have shown, sir, what were the sentiments of
a considerable portion of the people of Georgia
and Virginia in revolutionary days. And it is a
matter of history that similar views prevailed to
no inconsiderable extent in the southern half of
the Confederacy at that time, while at the North
the feeling was wide-spread and almost universal.
And when, after the achievement of colonial inde-
pendence, the delegates of the several States met
in convention to form a national Constitution, this
anti-slavery feeling wasstill strong; so strong that
it carefully excluded from that Constitution " the
idea that there could be property in men." Mr.
Madison thought it wrong- to admit such an idea.
Itwasnot,admitted,and neither the treaty-'mnkmg
power, nor the legislative power, nor the judicial
power has authority to place it there.
The Constitution was made in a bet ter age than
this, while the love of freedom and the hatred of
oppression that sustained our fathers through a
struggle unparalleled in the world's history yet
glowed in their hearts and gave character to their
deeds. It was made previous to the £,rand dis-
covery that African slavery is a " divine" insti-
tution, approved of God,and destined to last for-
ever. it was made long before the promulgation
of the doctrine that slavery is the true " corner
stone of republican institutions." The Constitu-
tion was venerable with age before it was sus-
pected of being a pro-slavery instrument; audits
authors had been " gathered to their fathers" be-
fore courts and Presidents attempted by gross
perversion of its true meaning to crush out free-
dom and to force slavery upon communities and
Slates that regard it with utter loathing. Yes,
it was made in a better, a more patriotic age than
this—an ago when the fires of freedom, kindled
during the revolutionary struggle, still brightly
burned on every hill-top; when the public heart
beat strong for liberty, and the public conscience
was pure and just; when slavery was regarded as
a national curse, forced upon us by the then re-
cently humbled monarch of Britain, but destined
to be speedily extinguished; when, in short, poli-
ticians did not ignore precedent and truth and
justice and conscience, nor limit their labors to
the advancement of their own interests, or the up-
building of a corrupt, slavery-extension, slavery-
perpetuating, freedom-destroying party ! It was
made in an age when statesmen were afraid and
ashamed to acknowledge, in such an instrument,
that man might make " merchandise" of his fel-
low. Afraid? Yes. Said Mr. Jefferson, when
contemplating the enormities of the system—
" I ticmbie for my country when T remember that God is
just, and that his vengeance will not sleep forever!"
And there arc men now, sir, that tremble for
their country, and they mean to save that coun-
try which they love so well from utter subjection
to the slave power. They do not mean that a
sectional institution, anti-Republican and anti-
Democratic in its every form and feature, shall be
nationalized',that men everywhere shall be recog-
nized as " merchandise," sold like beasts in the
shambles, and driven by the lash of the taskmas-
ter to unwilling and unrequited toil! They mean
that these things shall not be, save in the States
where they already-exist; and even there, we say,
do them not in the name of the Federal Consti-
tution ! Such acts, in the name of that sacred
charter of our liberties, are sacrilege! They are
unpardonable political sins! No, sir, the Consti-
tution does not make men " merchandise;" does
not recognize them as "merchandise;" permits no
inferences to be drawn from it that there is any
analogy between " merchandise" and the bones
and flesh and blood and souls of which men are
made. It nowhere gives countenance to the idea
that, by any possibility, can men be converted into
" merchandise;" nowhereauthorizes the Govern-
ment to treat them as aught else than " persons,"
entitled to its support, and justly claiming its pro-
tection.
These Amistad Africans, then, were not only
not " merchandise in the sense of the treaty," but
they were freemen, unjustly and illegally re-
strained of theirliberty by lawless pirates, against
whom it was their right to rise in arms, and whose
overthrow at their hands was a meritorious act.
! Yes, sir; they did as you and I, and all otheis
' worthy to bear the name of men would do in like
circumstances; and the act was approved by the
Supreme Court of the United States, and by un-
prejudiced men everywhere.
! liiut even if it were true thatthese Africans were
| " merchandise in the sense of the treaty," it was
' necessary, said the court—and in this the court
! was unquestionably right—that the claimants
I should show that "there had been a rescue of
them on the high seas out of the hands of pirates
and robbers." This was not shown; it could not
be shown. The negroes were m possession of
the Amistad at the time she was boarded and cap-
tured by the United States marines. Yet they
were claimed under the treaty as " merchandise"
which had been " rescued out of the hands of pi-
rates and robbers!" They were " merchandise"
one day; "pirates and robbers" the next; and
again, on the third, changed to " merchandise."
And here is a difficulty for the advocates of this
| indemnity scheme to solve: If these Africans were
| " pirates and robbers"—and unless they were
i they do not fall within the terms of the treaty,
| for it was out of their own " hands" that they
[ were " rescued"—they would, by the laws of
| Spain, had they been delivered up to her author-
1 ities, have been subject to the death penalty, the
! pumshmentpi'onouneed, I believe, in all countries
' upon those guilty of piracy. And can we for a
moment suppose that in a case of robbery and
piracy so aggravated as Spain has assumed to
consider this, she would have failed to stringently
enforce the law? Would she not have required
the "pound offlesh" as "nominated m the bond ?"
And if so, what would the cargo of the Amistad
have been worth to Ruiz & Montez? If the " pi-
rates" had been hung, what would have been the
fate of the " merchandise?" In this light, then,
the liberation of the Africans by the Supreme
Court caused no loss to their pretended owners.
Again, to bring this case within the terms of
the treaty, it was indispensable for Ruiz & Mon-
tez to establish their title to the " merchandise"
by " due and sufficient proof." On this point a
brief extract from the opinion of the court shall
suffice. I quote from 15th Peters's reports, page
593:
" It is plain beyond controversy, if we examine the evi-
dence, that these negroes never were the lawful slaves of
Ruiz 4" Montez, or oj any other Spanish subjects. They are
natives of Africa, and were kidnapped there, and were un-
lawfully transported to Cuba, m violation of the laws and
treaties of Spam, and the most solemn edicts and declara-
tions of that Government. By those laws and treaties and
cdicts, the Afucan slave trade is utterly abolished; the deal-
ing in that trade is deemed a heinous ciime; and the ne-
groes theieby introduced into the dominions of Spam are
declared to be free. Ruiz & Montez arc piovcd to have
made the pretended purchase of these negroes with a full
knowledge of all the circumstances; and so cogent and ir-
resistible m the evidence in this respect, that the district
attorney has admitted, in open couit, xipon the record, that
these negroes were native Africans, and recently imported
into Cuba, as alleged m their answers to the hbels m the
case. The supposed proprietary mterestofRuiz & Montez
is completely displaced, if we are at libeity to look at the
evidence or the admissions of the district attorney."
Again, the Court says, on page 596:
" Upon thewnents of the case, then, there does not seem
to us to be any ground for doubt that' these negroes ought
to be deemed free, and that the Spanish treaty interposes
no obstacle to the just assertion of thei^ rights."
Such, sir, was the view taken of this subject by
the Supreme Court of the United States in 1841.
The opinion of the Court was delivered by Judge
! Story, who has had few equals, and no superiors,
as an expounder of law, in this or other lands5
and there was great unanimity of opinion among
the members of the Court, only one—Mr. Justice
Baldwin—dissenting; a unity of sentiment that
did not exist in the Dred Scott case, which gen-
tlemen on the other side regard as a final and un-
questionable settlementof an important principle.
And it is beyond dispute that the President regards
the action of the Court in the latter case as final.
Thus, speaking in his late message of the slaves
now in Kansas, he says:
" These slaves were brought into the Territory under die
Constitution of the United States, and are^now the prop-
erty of their masters. This point has at length been Onaliy
decided by the highest judicial tribunal of the country."
Now, it is a fair inquiry, why the President
should view these two decisions of the Supreme
Court in lights so very different? Surely no one
will pretend that there was less legal acumen, less
soundness of judgment, less honesty of purpose^
in the court of 1841, than in the court of 1857. No1
one would dare so wickedly to wrong the illus-
trious dead. There must be some other potent
reason why the Executive " earnestly recom-
mends" Congress to disregard or overthrow the
decision in the Amistad ca«e, and in the same
document pronounces the Dred Scott decision
" final." Nor is it difficult to discover what that
reason is. The former is an anti-slavery decision,
the latter pro-slavery. The one preserved free-
dom to some fifty Africans; the other entails, or
is designed to entail, slavery upon countless thou-
sands. The one was made in the spirit that gov-
erned public men in the better days of the Repub-
lic; the other was an unholy attempt to give a
solemn judicial sanction to those ultra pro-sla-
very interpretations of the Constitution, which,
although of recent origin, have already deeply-
stained the soil of one fair territory with the blood
of many freemen, and have shaken the very foun-
dations of the Union itself. The one was in ac-
cordance with the genius of our republican insti-
tutions, and in harmony with the principles of
our religion, and the feelings of good men through-
out the world; the other did gross violence to the
Constitution of our country—gross injustice to
the wise and patriotic men who framed it, and the
equally wise and upright jurists who had so long
interpreted it in a manner favorable to free labor
and free men; and last, but not least, gross vio-
lence to the humane feelings, and gross despite to
the common sense of nine tenths of the civilized
portion of the great brotherhood of man.
It is humiliating to my pride as an American
citizen to say it, (and I earnestly wish it were not
true,) but I see no other, I can discover no othef
reason for the alacrity and earnestness with which
the President hurries to conclusions so directly
opposite, with reference to the respect due these
two decisions of the same judicial tribunal. The
slave power, "the power behind the throne,"
willed it, and at once its will was recognized as
law. The chief Executive of the nation yielded
a ready and willing obedience. He recognized
this extra-judicial opinion of a majority of the
Justices of the Supreme Court as the "final" set-
tlement of a grave national political question.
Notwithstanding the Court had admitted its
want of jurisdiction over this very case; notwith-
standing the opinion given overturned previous
decisions, made under more auspicious circum-
stances, and acquiesced in by the people and all the
departments of the Government through a long
series of years; notwithstanding the sectional,
partisan, anti-republican character of the opin-
ion itself; notwithstanding it overthrew doctrines
which the President had himself held and advo-
cated with zeal and ability at an earlier period of
his life; and notwithstanding the notorious fact
that this opinion was opposed and logically de-
molished, utterly annihilated, by two of the ablest
justices on the bench; notwithstanding all these
things, which should certainly have made the Ex-
ecutive at'least a little cautious, he receives it with
a hearty amen, pronounces it "final," and de-
clares ita " mystery" how thedoctrines advanced
"could ever have been seriously doubted."
And then, as before stated, he 44 earnestly rec-
ommends" Congress to overrule the decision in
the Amistad case, and pay Ruiz & Montez for ne-
groes whom they never owned. Am I not right in
saying that this can only be explained by look-
ing at the " power behind the throne?" What
other motive but a desire to conciliate that power
