1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1531
Milwaukee and Mississippi Railroad- Company,
Submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 249) to release to the Milwaukee and Missis-
sippi Railroad Company the interest of the United
States to a certain tract of land. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Isaac W. Brown, asked to be dis-
charged from its farther consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
, Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
6) making appropriations for the diplomatic and
consular expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1859, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of George
M. Weston, commissioner of the State of Maine,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
250) to provide for quieting certain land tides in
the late disputed territory in the State of Maine,
and for other purposes. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the resolution in relation
to the expediency of defining more precisely, by
law, whether, by the date of shipment at, or de-
parture from, foreign ports, the value of merchan-
dise imported into the United States shall he fixed
for the purpose of estimating the duties thereon,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject, and that it be referred to the
Committee on finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
•was referred the memorial of Charles McCormick,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
252) for the relief of Charles McCormick, assist-
ant surgeon in the United States Army. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 8)
to organize the Territory of Arizona, and to cre-
ate the office of surveyor general therein; to pro-
vide for the examination of private land claims;
to grant donations to actual settlers; to survey the
public and private lands, and for other purposes,
reported it with an amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. BRODERICK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
251) in relation to conflicting land claims; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
alexander stevenson".
Mr. EVANS. A bill for the relief of the heirs
of Alexander Stevenson, which has passed the
House of Representatives, has been referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. 1 am
instructed by the committee to report back the
bill without amendment, and rccommend Us pas-
sage. As this case has been & good while pend-
ing before Congress, and various bills have been
reported to pay these parties, and the claim is for
a very small sum, only about six hundred dollars,
I ask the Senate to put the bill upon its passage
at once.
The hill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the
heirs of Alexander Stevenson was read for inform-
ation. It directs the Treasurer of the United States
to pay to the legal representatives of Alexander
Stevenson, a soklier<of the revolutionary war, in
trust for his heirs, $654, being the amount of
money due to him from the time of his enlist-
ment, January 1, 177G, until the time of his dis-
charge, in 1783.
Mr. CLAY. I would rather that bill should
lie over until F ran look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rules.
j. n. ward's improved fire-arms.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to the Senate a copy of the report lately made by
a board of Aimy otficcrs, appointed to examine and test the
improvement in fire-arms invented and patented by Captain !
J.N. Ward, of the United States Army, with Jus opinion as i
to the expediency and propriety of adopting said improve- 1
ini-nt, either in the construction of new arms, or altering
the old aims of the United States, and of an appropriation
by Congress, for that purpose.
national foundery.
Mr. MASON" submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia, m the inquiries heretofore ordered to be made for
the establishment of a national foundery, be instructed to
include in such inquiry, sites at Harper's Ferry and at Shep-
herdstovvn in Vuginia.
courts in arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency oniuthormng bylaw
the holding of a second term, annually, of the United States
circuit court m and for the rftate of Aikansa-, and also the
appointment of an additional district judge for the second
judicial district of Arkansas.
exploring expeditions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have a reso-
lution to offer to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate. It is in these words:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
inform the Senate what measures, if any, are being taken,
and under what law, for the publication of the result?- of the
United States naval exploring and surveying expedition to
the North Pacificocean and Chinaseas, under the command
of Lieutenant John Rodgers, m the years io53,1854, 185o,
1856 ; and al^o of the results of the United States naval ex-
pedition to the La Platte river, in the same years, under i lie
command of Lieutenant Thomas J. Page, or for the engiav-
ing of any of tin* maps, cliaits, or drawings, which are in-
tended to illustrate the reports of these expeditions to Con-
gress.
And out of what fund or appropriation in each and every
case of work done in the premise^, have payments for the
same been made, or if not paid, then from what fund or ap-
propnation is it designed to make payment; and also to in-
form the Senate under who-e supeivi-ion these works are
being prepaied, and how many parties art' now engaged upon
the preparation of the matenals lor them severally.
I understand that there are two very heavy
works in process of preparation, being the reports
of these two explorations, the end of which 1 can-
not see. How such matters get so far advanced
without our being aware of them, I do not know.
I know that if any printing or engraving has been ;
done, or is being done, in regard to the reports j
referred to in the resolution, it is without the I
authority of Congress; and such things may be '
carried so far before Congress is aware of them,
so much money expended, or contracted to he
expended, that Congress may be forced to con-
tinue the publication, so that the parties who de-
sire it succeed in attaining their object. Here are
two more exploring expeditions. We began, I
believe, with Wilkes's expedition. That was
followed by Perry's Japan expedition, and by
Gilhss'sexploring expedition,and the Pacific rail-
road exploration, of the reports of which we have
had many volumes. These works have caused
the greatest portion of the immense printing ex-
penditures of which Congress has been complain-
ing so bitterly for a year or two past.
Here are two more such 'reports now in their
inception—indeed I am afraid they have passed
that period; they are considerably advanced. I do
not know of any authority by winch these works
can be printed, or any law, or any appropriation,
under which it can be done. I think there is a
system of construction by which, hitherto, when
moneys have been appropriated to carry on ex- {
peditions, and a surplus is found to be on hand |
when they return, that surplus is transferred from ;
its legitimate object and applied to the printing and j
engraving of books. As these surplus funds or j
amounts of appropriation are never sufficient to j
pay the whole expense of the printing and engrav- j
ing, Congress is then called on to complete it. I j
think this is the method by which such woiks as j
these are brought forward, and we are compelled j
to go on with them. I was about to say that there j
was not a single one of the works that 1 have al- -
luded to, of which the printing or engraving has j
yet been completed, but I believe it would be
wrong to say so; for I am certain there are some j
of them not yet completed. ^ j
I ask for the adoption of this resolution, and I j
speak of this matter in the hope that it may meet ,
the eye of the officers having the disposition of !
the moneys hitherto appropriated for these expe- !
ditions. I trust the Secretary of the Navy will !
cause the fullest information to be furnished to.
Congress in regard to the subjects embraced in
the resolution, even though points that Congress
ought to know are not expressed in the'resolu-
tion; and I hope the" information will be given at
once. If it be not speedily given, I willsay t<s
the Senate that I shall call agaiffon the SecWta'ry
for him to furnish it here at once. I am satisfied
that it is wrong that they should progress in this
way without any authority-from Congress xn re-
gard to the printing. I believe cither of these
works must be as expensive, certainly, as Gilliss 9s
report, and may be as expensive as the Japan
work, and may go as far, for aught I know, as the
Wilkes exploring expedition, the publication of
which is not yet complete, and 3f which there
are about thirty-volumes.
Mr. POLK. What does this cost?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. All of them
cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, and I am
not certain that they do not go to millions.
Mr. MALLORi. I hope the resolution will
be adopted at once, if the information is consid-
ered necessary; but I think the Senator from Ar-
kansas will find that no such work as ho has re-
ferred to has been either published or commenced.
I have made some little inauiry about it, being de-
sirous to see something of the La Plata expedi-
tion published. It was a very interesting survey.
I found, at the last session, a little report of afew
skeleton pages—perhaps ten or twenty—which I
think was published at the expense of the oiltcer
himself, though I am not certain of that. I th-nk
that is all that has ever been published of that ex-
pedition. With reference to the Behring's straits
expedition, under the command of Commander
llodgers, he has, with a corps of men, been get-
ting out the charts as rapidly as possible; and
they are some of the most useful charts this Gov-
ernmenthas ever prepared. They have been pre-
pared under an express appropriation by Con-
gress for charts; but I do not think, as far as I
have made inquiry, that any history of the expe-
dition Has been contemplated.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I did not say
there had been any publication in this case. But
since the Senator from Florida seems to know
something in regard to the subject, I will ask him
if they have not already proceeded to contract lor
engraving extensively.
Mr. MALLORY. I have never heard of con-
tracts being made for anything at all connected
with this matter. I certainly know of no fund for
such a purpose. I was never aware that a book
was contemplated. I understood precisely the
reverse: because there was no fund for it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say that
the Committee on Printing have sought, and are
now seeking to arrest these extravagant expend-
itures.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that, m regard to the B.-hring's straits
expedition, Centres*!, by a law passed at the last
session, appropriated a sum of money for the pur-
pose of preparing the reports of that expedition
tor publication; and it was expressly understood
at the time 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Congress did
what, sir ?
Mr. PEARCE. It passed an appropriation for
the purpose of preparing for publication the re-
sults of that expedition. A careful estimate wens
made and submitted to the Senate. 1 do not rec-
ollect the exact amount; I think it was $15,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can the Sen-
ator inform me through what committee the prop-
osition passed ?
Mr. PEARCE. It was submitted in the Sen-
ate * I think it was proposed by the Committee on
the Library. I know there was a conference with
the Senator from Florida, who is at the head of
the Naval Committee, upon the subject, and an
appropriation was made, with the express under-
standing that the Government should not be called
upon to publish. It was understood at the time
that the publication, or the printing, would be done
at the expense of the Smithsonian Institution,
which thought the report sufficiently valuable to
justify it in undertaking the expense of its publi-
cation. The appropriation was solely for the pur-
pose of preparing the report. It contains a good
deal of natutal history, which is said by scientific
gentlemen to be very valuable, ft was thought
the Government might well appropriate so far as
