1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
proclivities. He has sent to me voluntarily (I
did not ask it) some evidence on that point. Here
is a Know Nothing ticket, a true-blue ticket, in
which the gentleman's name is printed as the
Know Nothing candidate for Congress. It is
headed the "American ticket." Here it is in full:
the american ticket.
For Governor.
thomas pta.niiopb ft.ournoy,
of llalilax county.
For Lieutenant Governor.
jambs m. u. beale,
of Mason county.
For Attorney- General.
john m. pattox,
of Richmond city.
For Conmisswncr of Boaidof Public Works.
richard o. morriss,
of Richmond city.
For Congress.
william smith,
of Fauquier county.
For State Senate.
For House of Delegates.
I hold here, too, a Know Nothing paper, pub-
lished in the gentleman's district, in which it is
contended that the gentleman was elected by the
Know Nothings. Let me add that I have also
been informed by a distinguished Democrat of
the gentleman's district that a young man who is
in the custom-house at Alexandria, and whom the
member tried to have removed from office, filed
in the Treasury Department certain charges of a j
grave political character against him, and the j
member agreed, if he would withdraw them, that ;
he would withdraw his demand for his removal. !
He was glad to play " quits" with htm. I know
nothing of my own knowledge of the truth of
this matter; but the member can have the name
of my informant if he desires it. He will find
him responsible for what ho says.
But, in addition to all this, 1 can take the speeches
the gentleman has made in this Hall, at this and
at previous sessions, and prove Know Nothing-
ism upon him beyond all controversy. He may
say that he is not a member of any lodge, and has
not taken their oaths, but if he eats soup out of
the same bowl with them, he is with them in
spirit and m fact. It may be that he is like the
wolf that watches round the Hock, and wishes
to get the booty without being caught. lie was
elected t© this House by Know-Nothing votes. I
have read the Know-Nothing ticket on which the
gentleman ran for Congress The gentleman can
decide whether the ticket is genuine or not. [Here
Mr. Morris held out the ticket to Mr. Smith, but
he refused to take it.] He will.see that his name
is upon it for Congress, and how came it there if
there was no community of interest or fellow-
feeling?
[The committee here informally rose, and a
message in writing was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by James Buchanan
Hekry, his Private Secretary, when the commit-
tee resumed its session.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Now, if he goes
outside the Democratic organization; if he refuses
to support the Democratic nominees, as he did
refuse to support Governor Wise, what right has
he to come into this Hall and talk about reading
men out of the Democratic party ? It is not mod-
est in him, to say the least. The gentleman has
brought this controversy upon himself. I might
add additional proofs. I have a publication of
the member's in which he complains of a certain
Know Nothing letter which found its way to the
public, being used m that way, when it was a
private one, but I will not read it. I said, Mr.
Chairman, that I would not trespass upon the
patience of the committee by entering into any
lengthy controversy. I have set myself right,
and put the member from Yirgmia in a position
from which he cannot escape; and I will not
trouble the committee further.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the commit-
tee to allow me ten minutes to reply.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object. The gentleman has
already had his hour.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But new matters
have been brought up now. I hope the commit-
tee will not deny me ten minutes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Having given way
ten minutes for the gentleman from Illinois, it is no
[ will go on
more th&ri right that I should yield alike amount
of time to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MORRIS, oflllinois. The gentleman from
Virginia has occupied an hour, while I have only
occupied fifteen minutes of the time of this com-
mittee; and now I will not permit him to have the
last word. I am more than willing he should
speak, if an opportunity is given me to reply. I
offered to yield the floor to him when I was speak-
ing, but he declined; seeking for some advantage.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not propose
myself, to occupy but a small part of my hour,
and as I have yielded ten minutes to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I am willing to yield ten min-
utes more to the gentleman from Virginia, with
the understanding that I will not again give way.
Mr. GROW. I object for this reason. The
gentleman from Virginia has already occupied an
hour, and I think wc had better go on with the
public business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
no one objects. Sureiy no one will object.
Mr. GROW. I am appealed to by my friends
all around me, to withdraw my objection. I will
state that my object in moving that 'he committee
rise, was to stop this debate. I will, however,
withdraw my objection, if the committee want
this debate ^o on.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, unless the gentleman
from Illinois shall have the same length of time
to reply.
Mr. HALL. Then I object altogether.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I wil
with what I have to say.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will make one
more appeal to the committee. If ihey will give
me permission, I will take five minutes.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has occupied one hour already. If he has
the floor now, he will, I am sure, say something
that some gentleman will want to reply to. I think
we had better go on with the public business. 1
do not think this matter should have been brought
here at all, and I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to say a
very few words m explanation of this bill. It is
a bill to supply deficiencies in the appiopnauons
for the current and contingent expenses of the
; Indian depaitment, and for fulfilling treaty «tip-
, ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
I ending June 30, 1858.
I The first clause makes an appropriation for re-
storing and maintaining, by peaceable measures,
friendly relations with the Indian tribes m Oregon
Teiritory, during the year ending 30th of June,
1858.
This is the same provision which is contained
i in the regular bill for the other Terutories.
j The second clause is for the general incidental
| expenses of the Indian service in the Territory of
! Utah, or so much thereof as may be required for
! expenditure during the year ending 30th of June,
!1858.
I The third clause is for the payment of the claim
j of Overton Love and John Guess Chullasasos, for
| the value of property forcibly taken from them by
| citizens of Texas.
i The fourth clause is for payment to such Cher-
J okees as were omitted in the tensus taken by D.
j W. Siler, but who were included and paid under
- the act of July, 1848, the same per capita allow-
i ance that was paid the other Indians under that
i distribution, provided the Oommissionerof Indian
! Affairs shall be satisfied they ought to be included
! in said per capita distnbution.
I The fifth clause is for contingencies of the Indian
| department, or so much thereof as may be re-
! quired for expenditure during the year ending
i June 30,1858.
! The seventh clause is, foi indemnity to George
i W. Stedham, a Cruek Indian, for property stolen
from him and injured by a citizen of the United
! States, £>125. That is under the intercourse act.
Ihe eighth is, for genera! incidental expenses
of the Indian service in the Territory of Wash-
| mgton, or so much thereof as may be required
j duung the year ending June 30, 1858, $16,000.
i The ninth and last is, for the Scnecas, of New
i York, for interest, m lieu of investment, on
i $75,000, at five pur centum, per act of 27th June,
i 1846, $3,000; and for payment of the difference in
i salaries of the agents for the Sioux and Seminole
| Indians, for the Omaha agency, for the Kiekapoo
agenfcy, fo'r th'e Kansas agfcnfcy, and for the Ne-
osho agency, between the rates as fixe=d previous„
to the act of 3d 'March, 1857, arid the rate "au-
thorized by said act from the 3*d March, 1857, to
the 30th June, 1858, $3,991 68.
The bill was read by clauses for amendment.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend by striking oat,
in the thirteenth line,t$ $.264,000," and inserting
in lieu thereof" $362,349 09;" so as to make the
clause read:
For restoring and maintain Ins, by peaceablc measures,
friendly relations with the Indian tribes in Oregoa Tern.
lory, or po much theieof as mav bu tieecssary for expendi-
ture during the year ending 30ih June^ i 858, $3S2y349 09.
I find, by looking over the estimates, that this
item has been cut down from the sum I propose
to restore, to that which I move to strike out,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The gentleman
will find that the sum estimated for was $264,000,
and that is the amount reported by the commit-
tee.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will look at the estimate^, he will find that
the committee made a mistake, and that the whole
amount estimated for is that which I propose to
insert.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think the gentle-
man from Oregon is referring to estimates of the
Indian agent, not to those of the Department,
Mr. LANE. No; I am right, and certainly
the chairman of the Committee of- Ways ana
Means will S"e the necessity of having my
amendment adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This item to which
the gentleman refers mo is an additional matter
which the committee thought might bedispensed
with.
Mr. LANE. Will the gentleman permit me to
explain ?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Lane's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
<< For ie-tnnng and maintaining, by peacpable measures
ftiendly ielation^ with the Indian tribes in Oiegon Territotj,
or so much iheroot as ruuy he necess.uy lot uxpenditim*.
dining the ycai emUii« 30tli of Juno, lbo8,$"Jn4,00i>/'
We have heard much complaint, M r. Chair-
man , about the Treasury being depleted, and about
the want of money, and about the very great ap-
prehensions which existed at headquarters, that
the Government could not possibly be earned on
j in the present depressed condition of the com-
merce of the country. Now, sir, there is not a
solitary item given for this aggregate of $2G4,OOQ;
and I want to ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to give me one solitary item
going to make up that amount; whether it is to
go for clothing the Indians, or for food, or for
carrying out treaty stipulations, or for any other
purpose. I say it is an outrage to come here and
demand this enormous appropriation without
some explanation; and when the gentleman, or
those whom he represents, talk to the country
about economy, I arraign them and ask them to
act like intelligent, sensible men, when they call
upon the people of the country to contribute, in
the shape of taxation, this amount of money for
j! indefinite purposed.
;| Whenever appropriations are called for forveg-
i: u!ar purposes, the rules are cither interposed, un-
necessarily, to cut them off, or the powers thatbe
are brought to woik to crush out and interrupt
|l the healthy legislation of the country, and to hold
ij laws, already existing, m subserviency to their
\\ will and dictation. If money has got to be paid,
I shall object to anything unless the objects are
; distinctly specified, and unless we have the items,
; and the reasons making appropriations for them
necessary. I will oppo.se this system of voting
monpy blindly, without having even the question
discussed. "1 object to the plan of one gentleman
having always the floor at pleasure, by the con-
sent of the occupant of the chair, whoever he may
be. For these reasons, I hope the House will
take the business in charge, and not submit to
dictation from any quarter.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have but a very
few words to say in reply to the gentleman from
Georgia. In the first place, my friend from Ore-
gon moves to increase the sum 5,98,000, and I am
obliged to object to that, because we have not as
much money as we want to spend, admitting that
it cbuld be well expended, and now the gentleman
