2556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
from Georgia wants to strike out what is left m |! to that item. Tt is a small one, it is true; but I
the biiJ. r have simply to say that this policy jj wish the committee to know what we aie appro-
has been inaugurated for some years, and I will 1 irmnnv for T find i.i the estimates this
send to the Clerk's desk what the Secretary say-s
about it, and if the gentleman from Georgia will
take the trouble, he will find all the items in de-
tail.
Mr. SEWARD. I not only want the items,
but I want the law on which they are predicated.
Mr. J, GLANCY JONES. It was not sup-
posed that the items would be very interesting in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but if gentlemen wish to have them, it will give
me great pleasure to produce them.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask not only for the. items
but for the law.
Mr. J". GLANCY JONES. I ask that the Clerk
■will read what the Secretary says. I have simply
to remark in addition, that this policy has been
adopted, and that this amount will be required to
carry it on.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" As explanatory of the propriety and necessity of esti-
mating for this sum to supply the deficiencies of the Indian
service in Oregon, reteience. i;> made to copie.sof leftei? re-
ceived from Superintendent Nesmiih, numbeied fiom 1 to
3, herewith, with copies or' accompanying estimates made
by the .-upeiiritendent for funds required for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1858 ; also, to copies of letter ftom the
same, treating, at length, the subject of the policy puisued
in managing Indian affairs in Otenon, tin* wants of thesei-
vice, and The inadequacy of tin* means piovided thereto),
nunibeu'd fioiii 4 to U; ;uul to copies of letteis addiewd
from this office to the supeuntendcht, showing the action
thereof m connection with the contiol and direction of the
appropriations made by Cou^re^s at its l.x^t session, and
the lennitances made therei'tom for the Indian service
in this Terntoiy, nuinbeied fiom 7 to M- From the esti-
mates made bv the superintendent lor the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1838, exclusive of trenry ^tipul.mon*, which
amount, in the nggiegate, to $9l0,91b 95, taken m connec-
tion Willi the remittance* made lor the same penod, and
foi the same ceneial object", amounting, altogether, to
{$516 431 07, u would 5-cem that the actual delh lency foi
tins service would he greater than now a-died for; but, in-
asmuch as the siipeiintendent has Mated lhat tne remit
tanccs lor the rndi.m sri vice m W.ishniatou Temtory will
Milfice there foi to the eln-e of the yeat ending June 30, l^.V-5,
the amount a-ked loi ]•* deemed suilinent to meet tlie defi-
ciencies in Ou'iiou, and is the same n* (he amount nppro-
pnated for like purposes and objects bv the act of iVlaieh 3,
1857, for the ti>ea! year ending June 30, JH.T7."1
Mr. SEW ATM). I have no desire to embarrass
printing money for.
lecommendation:
" For the payment of the claim of Overton Love and John
Gues-. Chickasaw?. for thevalueof pioperty'orcibly taken
fiom tiiem by citizens of Texas, $3,700."
I find the following note appended to that rec-
ommendation:
j " A copy of a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Af-
i fair^, dated June28,1837,addressed toD. II. Coopei,agent,
! &e., marked 1, herewith, will show the character of this
claim, and al«o the piomi&e oi the Commissioner to render
an esinnate theiefoi."
I now wish to call the attention of the commit-
i tee to the letter which is the authority, and the
only authority, for this appropriation. 1 read the
letter:
DKPUITMCNT OF TI?E Istfuior.
Omen Indian Aifatrs, June *20, 13,37.
Sm : Your letter of the 527th uitimo, calling my attention
to the claim of Oveitoti Love and John Gue?s, Chicka^aws,
tot the value of seven ncgio slaves forciblv taken out of
their posj-cf-siou in 1S17, aim earned off by ccitain euizcns
of Texas, has been received.
I have veiv eatefully examined and considered the case,
and am of opinion that, under the treaties and law-, they
r-hould be paid the value of the tame by the United St ues
' I have taken the valuation placed upon them by David
Wall, a disinteie'-ted witness, togethei with the comments
of late Agent Hmith, to be nenrei their true value than that
placed upon them by the other wune^se*. As tlieie ate
no i'uinU at the di^po-al ol tin- office applicable to the pay-
ment, I shall send in an estimate lor the amount a^c^sed
by Wall, to (Jongie-s, at it*, next fets.-ion, and adk that an
appropnatton may be made.
Veiy icspecttully, your obedient servant,
J. W. DEN'YER, Coimntssionei.
Douglas II Cooper, K-sq., Jlgrnt, <V>' > present.
Now, sir, wc have a letter from one Indian
agent to another Indian agent, and upon tins is
founded the opinion of-Comtnissioner Denver that
this claim of $3,700 ought to be paid to certain
Indians named There is not a particle of proof;
j amined under oath to prove the right to the piop-
i erty, and the value of th^ property.
! Mr. LETCHER, I have referred the gentle-
. man to the hotter of the Commissioner,
j Mr. REAGAN. That is as to the value of the
; property; but not one word is said about the right
i to the property.
! Mr. LETCHER. Why, sir, the right to the
j property is the first thing that the Department
i must be satisfied in relation to, before it takes any
I steps in relation to ascertaining the value.
| Mr. KELSEY. I wish to ask if this is not
! precisely within the class of cases of persons who
' come here, from session to session, to prosecute
| their own private claims? I do not understand
s why the claims of these individuals should be sin-
i gled out and placed in an appropriation hill.
; Mr. LETCHER. I understand that this case
• was satisfactorily made out. It is for a violation
: of the intercourse act. The Department had ail
i the evidence before them, and became satisfied
; that these were just and honest claims, and ought
i to be satisfied by Congiess.
i Mr. STANTON". I could not hear the letter
! read by the gentleman from Texas. I ask him to
send it up and have it read, so lhat we may see
upon what this claim tis founded.
Mr. REAGAN. I will send it up.
The Clerk lead the letter again.
Mr. STANTON. Now I want to know from
the gentleman fiom Virginia, under what inter-
course law the Government of the United States
is bound to pay for slaves taken from Indians'
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman. It is the intercourse act of 1833,
which provides that where a white man steals
the property of an Indian, remuneration shall
be made; and vice versa, where Indians, receiving
annuities of the Government, despoil white men
of their property, the value of that property shall
my living; man can be passed. Wc rue to taki
on credit tlu-opinion of the Commissioner of In- j
dianVjJflaits of the !aw and facts of the case, with- j
out (uselosms: th^ law under which he adjudges j
the case, or the facts upon which he renders his i
decision. I take it that that is too loose a way to !
ivir. be, vv ;uu i mm- no «.■*„■« m ; . nat(, th(l m0 of tll, Government; and if
the business of the .■.omimttc;, and will withdraw , ■ n\ I lJlcv fouml.,um, lm ,)P shown fol. th,8 propo_
ommittoe will stuke it out.
I move to strike out !
my amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.
the following clause:
" Toi the yencial incidental expen-es ot the Indian ser-
vice in the Tcnitniy of I'mh, 01 t-o much tin lent a- mn
he reqiined fi«i ( vjieiifliiuie during the \.\u emlinir ^Uth
June, lb.~>S, .'U "
I make the motion, for the reason that hut
few moments ago wc passed an appropnatton bill
for the Indian service of the Government, which
contained this clause:
" for the gonnal incidental expenses ot the Indian .-ei-
vseent the Yciiilor) ot Ctrvh. piCf-enNot g«<>d«',agueuhuia!
implement^, and oth'%r u-^eiul articles, tuciudnig tiavelma
expense-: ol the supeiintendent, agents, ami cleik hue,
jj-j.),1 00."
Now, if gentlemen will look at those two clauses,
they will observe that they are almost word for
word the same, except that that which we have
already pasred upon makes specification.-? which
ought always to he made in oil these appropria-
tion hills. Hut in this clause, which we nw now
called upon to pass, there is no specification at
all, but an appropriation for a general purpose,
undefined and unlimited.
Mr. J. GLANCY .IONES. The clause in the
other bill was for the next fiscal year; this is for
a deficiency for the current yeat. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then the remarkable >
fact is picseiikd that the deficiency 111 the past]
appropriation is more than a thousand dollars i
greater than the original appropriation for the ;
next fiscal year. Tim appropriation m the first
hill was $55,000, and this is a deficiency amount-
ing; to &f)6,iiyj. being $1,593 more than the total
appropriation for the next ensuing fiscal year. Sir, •
I can give no sanction of mine to any legislation '
of that character, i move, theiefore, that the
clause be stiicken out. j
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out the fol- ;
lowing clause: j
''For the payment of the claim of Overton Love and John j
Ones--, Clsiekasaws, lor the value of propoiiy lbicibly taken !
funii them by eitizensofTexas,.$3.'iQ0.55
I desire t'o call the attention df the contmitt'ce
not one fact: nothing upon winch the judgment of i. be token from the next annuity of the Indians.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the whole
case; and it furnishes two or three good reasons
why this provision should be stricken out. In
the first place, I do not lecognize the obligation
of the United States to pay for slaves when they
aie only described by the general term, "prop-
erty," 1 do not believe that, tx li termini, slaves
aie recognized in the general term 14 properly."
And again, if the United States are bound t<  pay
for this property which has been taken away,
these are claims which should go on the Private
Calendar and take their chances with the others:
unless there is some reason for the adoption of
this clause in the bill other than what has been
presented, I thmk the provision should be stricken
out.
The amendment of Mi. Reagan to strike out
the clause was agieed to.
sitmn, I trust the
Mr J. (il.AN'f'Y JONES. I state upon in-
formation which I believe to in- authentic, that this
is due under the inteieourseact. The gentleman
will not, 1 presume, question the liability of ihe
(lovmiment to pay for property taken or de-
ployed under the intercom so act.
Mi. It 15 \GA N. 1 do not question the liability
(if i he (io\ ei ninent to pa y, it tub r (he intei course
act. But what I object to is, that this item is
here inserted in an appropriation bill, without
any evidence of the facts upon which the claim is
founded.
Mr. J . GLANCY3ONES. The only reply that
I have to make to that is, that the Depaitment
iuue received the evidence, and 1 have no doubt j
the3r have carefully examined it. The evidence
has satisfied them of the justice of the claim, and
they have therefore recommended theappropn-
ation.
Mr. LETCTIER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I will read wiiat the Com-
missioner says, Here is the letter:
f)r:PAi:T,iu.M'ok ihk Inimuor,
Of'Ftfi' Inimant Av kair*, Jitiir-ln, 18.>7
Sir: Your letter of the *27th ultimo, calling my attention
to the churn ol Overton Love and John Criio^s, Chick-
a-,uv<, lor fhe value ol M'\cn ut"ir<  j-hivcs jorlblv taken
out of their pns.s.p-'sion m 18-17, ,uid crimed ofT by certain
citizen^ ol Texas, has been icc'ved
1 have veiy eatefully examined and ennctdered the ea=e,
and am of opinion that, uiuiei the. treaties and law, tnoy
should be paid the value ot t!i° ^arne b\ the t"'iirei( ^tate5:.
I have taken the valuation placed upon them h\ David Wall,
a disinterested wiuie?^, tofjethei wnh the cotninent- of j
hue Aprent Smith, to he n^aiei their tine value than that '
placed upon theai by the othei w.tne^se^. As there aie no ,
fund-* at the di-po--al ofthi* ollice applicable to the payment, \
1 -h.il! v-eud in an c.-tim.it." for (he amount a*se-\-ed bv Wall, |
to ('onure-s. at it> iic.m session, and ask that an appropri- ]
atiou ni ly I)'1 made. i
Veiy n^p'jctfully, your obedient servant, |
J DHW'CR, Commissioner. j
Docglxs II. Cooi'ER, 11-q , *'}gcnt, pi esent. <
Mr. REAGAN. One word right here. I say |
there is no evidence before us of the information
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move to strike out the np-
propriution in the following clause of the bill:
*k Foi contmsencies of the ludmn d'* part in e tit. or eo much
theieoi ma\ be requued for expendiiute du. imr th" j  ar
ending June ^0, 1^"j^, ^25-01.10.*'
Mr. Chairman, I find in this bill an ns:-;;i e^.ite
of some 5)375,5GU, made up mostly of mdefiiuie
appropriations in the shape of conuu^encu-'e. In
spite of the doctrines of the gentlfrmni from Penn-
sylvania, the chairman of the Committee of Vv7ays
and Means, that specific appropriations shouid
be made for specific items of expenditure, here is
an appropriation made on the policy which su-
perintendents of Indian affairs and Indian a  *nts
have sought to indoctrinate upon the Adminis-
tration—an appropriation which is not in accord-
ance with law, but to furnish employment for
speculators. And y< t, strange to say, when the
j Administration, in carrying out their economical
I policy, when Congress has made appropriations
( for the construction of important woiks they are
■ stopped, and rim commerce of the country is stran-
i gled, at the same time the Administration adopts
■ the mostoutrageous, ruinous policy, indicated at
. the suggestion of men m power; and this House
; of Representatives is called upon to vote fhe
| money, in obedience to the behests of these De-
! parlinents, which, in my opinion, are doing more
• to embarrass the Treasury, to strike down the
public credit, and destroy pubUc confidence, thou
any other cause. Two hundred and seventy
thousand five hundred do'lars for incidental ex~
' upon which the Department arrived at its conclu- j; penses in one bill,and £375,000 in another for the
' sib'jis. We want tile rc'stim'cfny of witnesses ex- e&me parptfse. The estimates ure ni'a'de oi>t, I
