1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
Michigan, the Territorial Legislature were clothed by Con-
gress with no authority to assemble a constitutional conven-
tion and adopt a State constitution; but thai, under the
comprehensive language of the Kansas and Nebraska hill,
the Territorial Legislature was clothed with such authority
by the laws of Congiess, and that the authority of such a
convention to submit the constitution to the vote of the
people was as clear and certain as that of Congress itself,
and that opposition to such a proceeding was equivalent to
opposing the haws of Congress."
They were recognized by Governor Walker, by
Mr. Secretary Stanton, and by the distinguished
author of the Kansas and Nebraska act, as shown'
in his Springfield speech, (June 12,) a few days
before the assembling of the convention, when he
said " that Kansas was about to speak for herself
through her delegates, assembled in convention
to form a constitution preparatory to her admis-
sion into the Union. The law under which her
delegates are about to be'elected is believed to be
just and fair in all its objects and provisions."
Kansas was about to speak through her dele-
gates; nobody then thought of her speakinginany
other way than through her delegates. Well, that
is the way she did speak upon all other questions,
cxcept the all-absorbing question of slavery; and
upon that she subsequently spoke through the
people, as well as through her delegates.
By what authority, by what law, or semblance
of law, has any other step been taken by the peo-
ple of Kansas towards the formation of any other
constitution? Then what was this people free to ;
do? Why, first to form a constitution, with or
without slavery. What is meant by forming a ;
constitution ? Form, to make, to create, to estab- I
Jish,to combine in a particular manner: the people,
acting through the legally expressed will of their
majority, were to do this. How were they to do
it? How could they do it? Will it be for a mo-
ment contended that the whole people in a body,
amass in one grand assemblage, were to meet
together and themselves to form a constitution*
This thing would be impracticable. It is prepos-
terous ! It could not be done. The very language
of the bill, backed as it is oy the Cincinnati plat-
form, proves that it was not intended that the mass
—the people in one grand mass meeting—were
to make or form this constitution. Who, then,
werctodoit? Who, then, could do it? By what
human power could it possibly be accomplished
but by and through the delegates, the legallyand
conytiuuionally appointed representatives of that
people? How else have our constitutions ever
been formed ? This is the great distinguishing and
characteristic feature between our Government
and the Republics of former times—those Repub-
lics, both ancient and modern, which lived and
flourished only for a season. Ours is a Govern-
ment where the legally expressed will of a ma-
jority of qualified voters controls and governs,
and makes the law. That will acts through the
legally constituted and appointed delegates and
representatives of that people. It is the firm and
enduring rock upon which the stability of our Re-
public is based. The uncontrolled and uncon-
trollable will of the great body of the people—and
especially unauthorized body—was one of the
chief elements of the dissolution, destruction, and
downfall of other Republics.
But, even had there been any other way; had
some miraculous, superhuman power pointed out
to the people of Kansas some other mode and
manner, some other way, than that adopted by
them, by which they had formed their constitu-
tion, and they had chosen that way, then that
would have been the right way. Any way that
they saw fit, according to the Constitution and
laws, to manifest their will touching this great
question of sovereign right, would have been, be-
cause of their making it their own way, the only
proper and legitimate way, and the only one which
Congress could recognize. Did not the people of
Kansas, then, first, at the very threshold, in the
inception of the exercise of this sovereign power
Cowards the organization and putting into being a
State government, enact that, at the first general
election, held in October, 1856, a poll should be
opened, at which every qualified voter in the Ter-
ritory should have the privilege of sayi ng whether
a convention should or should not be calied to
frame a constitution in pursuance of that author-
ity—the authority of that Territorial1Legislature
whose legal existence and power had been recog-
nized by Congress on more occasions than one?
Was not this convention convoked to frame this
constitution? In this matter was not the will of
the people expressly consulted ? Did they not, in
conformity with this recognized legislative enact-
ment, on the third Monday in June last, proceed
solemnly to elect delegates to that convention ? And
did not those delegates, so legally and constitution-
ally elected, proceed likewise solemnly to the per-
formance of the trust with which they were thus
clothed and empowered by the people—to wit, to
formaconstitution? Thatterritoriallegislative act
said nothingabout submitting that constitution for
their adoption or rejection, or any part of it. The
Kansas and Nebraska act says nothing about it.
The Cincinnati platform says nothing about it.
Well, then, did not this convention do all, if not
more, than was actually required of it ? What did
itdo? It formed a constitution. Whatsortofa
constitution ? Why, of a republican form of gov-
ernment. What was it required to do ? To form
a constitution, with or without slavery, as they
please, so that it was of a republican form of gov-
ernment. It went further: it submitted to the
people—the qualified voters of the Territory—■
whether they would have that constitution with
or without slavery. The very same sentence of
the act which leaves the people free to fonn their
domestic institutions, also leaves them free to reg-
ulate them: first form, then regulate them; what
they were to do, and' then how they were to do it.
We have seen what they were to do. Now,
how were they to do this thing? How? Why,
in their own way. Subject to what? Subject only
to the Constitution. Well, then, in what way was
this constitution to be formed—their institutions
to be formed and regulated? In the way of the
Governor of Kansas? of the Secretary of Kansas?
of Jim Lane and his lawless rebellious minions5
in the way of the President of the United States?
in the way of Congress or in their own—the way of
the people of Kansas, acting through the legally
expressed will of the majority? What was that
will? Why, that a convention should be called to
prepare, to form, to make a constitution ? To what
was this constitution, after it had been thus formed
by this convention, subject? To what power was it
subject? To what restriction isitconfined? What
contingencies were placed upon it? To what, I
ask, was it and is it subject? Is it subject to the
adoption or ratification of the people after it was
formed ? Is it subjcct to any future action of Con-
gress in the passage of a so-called enabling act?
No, sir, none of those; but subjcct only to the
Constitution of the United States; that is, not re-
pugnant to the Constitution, but in conformity
thereto, subject to it; a republican form of gov-
ernment; to the Constitution, and only to the Con-
stitution. Whatdocs " only" mean; why,in no
other way, no other wise, no other limitation, no
other condition, no other icstriction—* none. Then
the Kansas and Nebraska act was itself an ena-
bling act, to all intents and purposes. No other
is needed; any other would bean intervention—an
unwarranted interference, it is a grant—a grant
of power; with a limitation—a limitation ex-
pressed, expressed upon its face. That limitation
is, that the constitution shall only be subject to
the Constitution of the United States.
This grant, then, having m it, m unmistakable
terms, an express limitation, all other limitations,
by a well known and established principle of law,
are excluded. You cannot, by any stretch of
power, of implied power, make this grant subject
to any implied limitation. It must be confined to
the terms of the grant, to the express limitation
in the grant. You cannot go beyond or outside
of it. if this express limitation in the grant is
complied with—is fulfilled—there is an end of
it.
The distinguished gentleman in the other end of
the Capitol said himself, in his Springfield speech
before alluded to, that this was a limitation, and
that it was subject only to the Constitution: it
was the only limitation, the only qualification
which could pertain to the constitution when pre-
sented. Have I not then high, ay, the highest
authority, for the soundness of mv argument on
this point? Am I not borne out in the position
that 1 take ? Am I not right, then, in saying that
you are estopped, precluded from going one step
further. Have these things been done? Have
the people of Kansas, according to this enabling
power of the Kansas and Nebraska act, proceeded
to form a constitution? Was this constitution
formed in their own way ? Was that way subject
to the Constitution of the United Slates? Do
they present a republican form of government in
their constitution ? Have all these legal require-
ments been complied with ? If they have, why
then it remains only for Congress to vote Kansas
into the Union as a sovereign and independent
State, according to and under these requirements.
I think they all, and more, have been complied
with; for, as I have before said, the only threat-
ening question, the question to quiet which this
great doctrine was inaugurated, has been fairly
and legally referred to the people of Kansas for
their adoption or rejection.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said
that the idea that this Kansas-Nebraska act was
an enabling act was an afterthought. Was itan
afterthought with Robert J. Walker, the Kansas
Governor, when, in the passage of his letter from
which I have already quoted, he argued that the
difference between the admission of Michigan
under her constitution, and the admission of Kan-
sas under theTopeka constitution, was, that the
Territorial Legislature of Michigan was clothed
by Congress with no authority to assemble a con-
stitutional convention and adopt a State constitu-
tionjbut under the comprehensive language of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Territorial Legislature
was clothed with such authority? Here is an ac-
knowledgmentforyou, that the Kansas-Nebraska
act was regarded as an enabling act; that it was no
afterthought. It was so acknowledged by Gov-
ernor Walker, by Mr. Stanton, and so regarded
doubtless at the time of its passage, not only by "
its great author, but by its every advocate and
supporter, when Mr. Douglas said in the Senate
on the 2d of July, 1856:
u 4All power which it is competent or possible for Con-
gress to confer on theTerntorial Legislature is conferred by
that act.' y?hat Legislature must, then, be regauled a^ pos-
sessing the amplest of all legislative authority, that of pro-
viding for an expression of the people upon the question
whether they would or nut organize a State government."
Sir, for what purpose was this Kansas and Ne-
braska bill passed, if not to perform the functions
of an enabling act ? What has it accomplished ?
Of what value have been all the fierce conflicts
concerning it, if it did not confer this powerupon
the Territory? Did any of its most ardent sup-
porters—did its great author himself, then think
that it was as impotent as this? Sir, I have mis-
taken them; I have mistaken it; I have misin-
terpreted its great objects and high aims, if this
be so. The language employed everywhere, in
all the legislation and resolves which have been
had upon the subject—that of forming a constitu-
tion—does not convey to the human mind the idea
of adopting it. If the imperative necessity of the
submission and adoption of the constitution, by
the people, after it had been formed, had been
foremost in the minds of those who put this act
in being, why did they not say so? Why did
they studiously avoid saying so? It would have
been a very easy matter to have done so.
Let me not be understood as opposing this doc-
trine. It may be a good one; it may be the best
way. I shall not now dispute it. That is not now
involved. States have been admitted under con-
stitutions submitted and unsubmitted. The only
question here is, was it obliged to be done in this
j instance? I say not. I tooK the ground at home,
1 and I take it here, that this Lecompton conven-
i tion had the power to submit this constitution or
! not, as they chose. That whetheritwas, or was
i not submitted, and came to me in Congress from
the hands of a legally-chosen convention, repre-
senting the sovereign will t>f the people, I would
vote for it. And so I would, having the other
requirements of the Constitution of the United
States—that is, subject to the Constitution of the
United States, with a republican form of govern-
ment. I contended there, as 1 do here, for the
firm maintenance of that great doctrine of non-
intervention. I contended, as I do now, that any
act, by any power, by which the people of Kansas
would he hindered or prevented from the forma-
tion and regulation of their own institutions in
their own way, would have been an interven-
tion, and violative of the act and of the principle.
I thought then that Governor Walker himself,
in his uncalled-for apparent attempt at dictation
to the people, the mode and manner of their
proceeding, as indicated in his proclamations and
speeches, was such an intervention; that if the
President or Congress, or any other power, slips
in now to thwart the admission of Kansas under
'' the Constitution, in the way the people have seen
