1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJ^OBE.
im
Mr. PEARCE. That is exactly what I want
to bring this discussion to. I think we are losing
sight of the facts in the case. I say it has been
customary for the Departments, for twenty years
• past, when they sent out military expeditions into
such portions of our country as were newly ac-
quired and little known to civilization, some of
them perfectly terra incognita, to dircct the collec-
tion of everything that might serve to illustrate
the condition of that territory, its geology, cli-
mate, navigable waters, facilities for roads, its In-
dian tribes, and whatever displayed its resources
and general character. These things are not with-
out their value; and the Senator is entirely mis-
taken when he declares that these reports are trash;
that they have no consideration with the reading
public, and that scientific men scout them. Sir,
they are prepared bf scientific men, eminent in
theirseveralhnes of study. I know that there are
few persons who estimate the value of reports on
natural history. I have heard in the Senate agreat
deal of ridicule thrown on wjbat is called bugology,
by gentlemen who, perhaps, do not take the trouble
to ascertain that a great many of the material pur-
poses of ordinary life and the arts derive benefit
from this very knowledgeof bugology. We never
sit here a.day, or put our hats on our head, that
we $re not making use of something which the
study of insect life has contributed to t^e indus-
trial arts and brought into common use. The
very ink we use is the product of an insect, in
part. The hats we put on our heads are partially
made up of the product of another insect. We do
not seal our lcttcis without using the product of
another; and nothing is more useful to those who
till the ground than the study of those insects
which are hurtful or beneficial to the great staples
of agriculture.
There is value in this, and there is value in all
of human knowledge, I do not care what it is.
Nothing is beneath the study of man which is the
work of his Creator. I do not mean to insist that
the Senate shall authorize this collection of natu-
ral history to be made, or that they shall not find
fault with the Secretaries, if they have, without
authority of law, authorized them, or that they
shall not put a stop to excess in this regard, by
any legislation they think proper; but I think it
is right and proper that these gentlemen who have
gone out in charge of these expeditions should not
be held up to the country as having violated their
authority, and with bringing home to be described
and published what is mere trash. These things
are valuable. Many of the reports which have
been made under these expeditions are considered
as valuable by the students and proficients of natu-
ral history.
As for our officers, all they have done has been
to bring home these materials, and we have au-
thorized the preparation of them for publication,
and their publication in every instance. It has
never been done without our knowledge. I be-
lieve sometimes, as in the case of the railroad
report, the printing has gone far beyond our
expectations. I have no doubt it would not have
been authorized if Congress had been aware of
the extent to which they were going.
These reports of Major Emory were called for
by a resolution of this body. They were sent in
here m manuscript, with some of the illustrations,
I know, but without the descriptions or natural
history, for they could not be made in advance of
the order of publication, I suppose. But we au-
thorized the publication of a limited number of
copies, and in that case the number of copies was
much smaller than we had usually ordered—I do
not know how much; one or two thousand copies.
It is but right that we should assume the blame
of these things, if blame there be, ourselves. We
called for these reports and ordered their publica-
tion; and when we find out they are very expen-
sive, wecensure the Secretaries, and officers at the
head of the expedition, and the jobbers who arc
by mistake supposed to have something to do
with it. 1 do not know that any jobber has any-
thing to do with it. Professor Torrey, who is emi-
nent in his department, works up the botany of
an expedition; and some gentleman learned in
another branch of natural history, prepares the
report of that; and whatever may be thought of
these memoirs by the general reader, they are val-
uable to and valued by those whose studies have
been in such directions.
As to these works never having been reprinted,
allow me to say to the Senator, he is mistaken.
Of scientific works published by the Government^
for example, some at least of those printed under
Captain Wilkes's expedition have been repub-
lished in England and republished in foreign lan-
guages. There is a copy of Pickering's Races
of Men republished by Bohn in England* and re-
imported into this country — a smaller edition
than that which the Government published, and
which sells very freely in our stores; & book of
interest to any man who studies his fellow-man.
It is only within the last month that we have been
applied to by the librarian of Cambridge Univer-
sity, England, for a copy of the entire scientific
works of the Wilkes expedition.
Let us do justice, sir, though the heavens fall.
There is no blame to be attached to these officers,
depend upon it. I have no objection, though,to
the call for information.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Mr. President, most of
these books were ordered to. be published by the
Senate while I was a member of the Committee
on Printing. Although I think evil consequences
have followed to a very large extent, and am free
to admit those consequences, I am willing to say,
at the same time, that I desire to bear m^ shgre
of the responsibility of ordering the publication.
I can only say, in defense, that I havp deemed it
my duty, since I did ascertain how much difficulty
we were getting into, to prevent the repetition of
it to as great an extent oa I could. But I will say
that the committee itself (and I think you, sir, will
bear me witness to the truth of what I am about
to state) has been led into error entirely in refer-
ence to the matter from different sources. In the
first place, when these reports are called for and
sent to us, we get comparatively but a very small
portion of them. We get the report of the leader
of the expedition; the other reports are not usual-
ly made out. No information is communicated
to us of what will be the extent of the publication
when the whole is completed. I do not suppose
there was any memberof the Committee on Print-
ing for the two preceding Congresses—I certainly
can say so for myself—that was at all aware, when
the publication of these books was recommended
by the committee, what the consequences were to
be, and what the extent of the publications. We
endeavored to get information from the Superin-
tendent; but I suppose the Superintendent him-
self was not well-informed. You will remember,
sir, that we were told that the Pacific railroad
report would probably occupy three volumes. I
believe seven have already been published, and
two or three more are being printed.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I will suggest
to the Senators why it is that we cannot get the
information. The reason is plain. So soon as
the preparation of any work of that sort is com-
menced, Senators here, at the instance of some
one outside, bring in a resolution for printing the
usual number and some extra copies, and refer it
to the Committee on Printing. Then the com-
mittee immediately is urged by the Senators who
introduce these resolutions, and by the friends of
the parties outside who may desire them to be
printed, to report favorably, and then the com-
mittee have come forward, from want of experi-
ence in these things, at the beginning, and re-
ported before the manuscript was complete. After
the order to print is made, the parties proceed to
make a tremendous book, which was not in ex-
istence when the printing was ordered.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I do not know of a single
instance, during the time I was a member of the
Printing Committee, when the call for these books
was made by any one member of that committee.
The first that we knew of it, the subject was re-
ferred to us, the book was sent to us to examine
and report upon. The members of the committee
are not—at least I can answer for myself, I am
not a scientific man at all; and we could only take
the book as it was, and consider the object for
which the expedition was ordered, the informa- :
tion that was sought to be acquired. Considering |
that the object was important, and that the in-
formation which was got under it should be com-
municated to the country, and put in such a shape
that everybody could get at it, we would propose
its publication without knowing its extent, with-
out its being communicated to us——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, pf Arkansas. I hope we shall
pass this resolution. ' ' ' 1
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It writ require
the consent'of the Senate to proceed with it.
Mr. F]KSSENDI$N. I have but a few wordg
to say in explanation, and then I shall yield the
floor. [e< No objection. "1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The^entleman
will proceed if thege be no o'&jection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was remarking that we
were compelled to act on the main report madd
to us, without being made at all aware, from any
quarter, what were the consequences that were to
follow. For instance, take this very description
of the Mexican boundaty: We were not aware
of the extent to which it was going. [ did not
myself know, though perhaps it was my duty to
know, that scientific men were attached to the ex-
pedition; and 1 do not know to this day, though
perhaps I ought to know, by what authority men
of science were sent out to accompany the sur-
vey. I suppose it was clone by the order of the
Department which had the matter in charge. If
they go out and make their collections, and they
are proper persons to make the collections, it is
of some consequence that the information thus
obtained should be put in such a shape that it can
be made available to the country. I have only
said this in order to warn the Senate against, for
the future, ordering these publications without
knowing what they are in the first place.
I do not believe in the authority of the Depart-
ments, without power derived from Congress,
when a specific duty is undertaken, to attach a
large corps of savuns to the expeditions them-
selves to make these collections, ascertain these
scientific facts, communicate them to the country,
and entail this expense on us. But, at any rate,
I believe it would be a good rule on the part of
the Senate and the Committee on Printing, never
to order the publication of any book whatever,
until the whole of it is submitted, and we know
what it is to cost. The difficulty has arisen from
our supposing that we were to have only the le-
gitimate results of the surveys made public, the
mere object that the country intended to accom-
plish by ordering it, without being made aware of
all the details connected with it which, in my be-
lief, were not included in the original law; but
still I may be mistaken about that; I have not
examined that. 1 think I am correct in the state-
ment that the committee supposed, and were in-
formed, that three volumes would cover the whole
reports of the Pacific railroad in the first place.
We had no idea that the Japan expedition would
go beyond a single volume at the time we ordered
it; and so with other books, the publication of
which has been ordered.
I believe theie is such a thing as a reasonable
economy, and such a thing as a very foolish one*
If we have now advanced to the stage that it ap-
pears we have in reference to the publication of
the second volume of Mnjo.r Emory's survey, and
have incurred so much expense upon it, I do not
agree with the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi that we ought to pay for what has been done,
so large an expense having been incurred, and
then destroy the material that lias been accumu-
lated and paid for. I agree with the Senator from
Maryland that this information is valuable—of
very considerable value. The men who go out
or these expeditions do not go to write scientific
books, to make perfect treatises on the subjects
which they are called upon to examine, but to
communicate the results of their examination in
reference to that particular region; and those re-
sults, being made known to the country, may be
of very great benefit in divers ways, because it is
important to the whole people of the United States
that they should know, from the best sources to
which they can have access,whatare the resources
and character of those sections of our country.
When we have obtained the information, (and
that is unquestionably the object of attaching these
scientific corps to expeditions of this description.)
when we have information of what these resources
are, and have incurred so much expense in pre-
paring it for publication, it is hardly worth while
to dispense with it or destroy it. 1 know they
cannot be perfect treatises; they are not intended
so to be; but £ believe there is rio doubt that they
are accurate and correct delineations so far as they
go, and that the results thus ascertained are im-
