448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
lit to«e«d it, it will be an unwarranted intervention.
The way they have made and adopted it is their
way, be it good or bad That is not for us to de-
termine; and an interference with that way, from
any quarter, would itself strike down the great
doctrine it was the pride and glory of the party
to establish.
That convention, in my judgment, fully repre-
sented the whole and entire sovereignty of the
people. It was clothed with plenary power to
form, to establish, to mold and fashion, just such
a constitution as they chose—with slavery if they
chose, without it if they chose—so that it was re-
publican in its form of government, and subject to
the Constitution; and after they had thus formed,
fashioned, and established the organic law, either
to let the people pass in judgment upon their ac-
tion, or to present it just as it was to Congress.
But this convention saw fit (wisely, doubtless) to
submit to the vote of the people the only question
which had rent and divided, not only that coun-
try, but the nation; and submitted, too, in the
most direct and palpable form in which it could
have been presented, because it was isolated,
alone, separated from all other questions in the
constitution.
Granting, for argument's sake, that the Kansas
and Nebraska act, that the Cincinnati platform,
that the doctrines of the Democratic party, that
the behests of the people, all demanded that the
question should be submitted to the people by
the language of the act and of the platform, it is
plain that the icference or submission of no other
question was contemplated. The language of the
act is, that its true intent and meaning is not to
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor
to exclude it therefrom; but, &c. The language-
of the Cincinnati platform, that it recognizes the
*u>ht of the people to form a constitution, with or
without slavery, and be admitted into thf Union,
&c. So, if u was contemplated that anything at
all should be submitted to the people, slavery was
that thing, and that alone. It is the only thing,
the only institution, the only domestic institution
referred to by name. It was, and is the institution;
the great, absorbing, distracting element alone
thought of, or that interested anybody. It was
dominant in the public mind; it hud lashed it into
fuiy everywhere. Well, then, this question was
plainly and palpably submitted. The legal ex-
pression of tiie public will speaks through the Le-
cornptrm constitution. All other constitutions,
or steps taken to forin a constitution, have been
clone without law or the foim of law; not in
conformity to, but m violation of, not only the
Kansas and Nebraska, act, but of every legally
authoritative step that was taken by the jjeopic of
Kansas.
But it is contended that this constitution should
be rejected because it has not been passed upon
l y a majority of the whole people in Kansas—
that they did not vote. Whose fault is it that
Alley did not vote? If a factious and rebellious op-
posiiiou refuse to avail themselves of every free
and untrammeied privilege that has been afforded
them to vofe, who ought to be the sufferers? If,
<upon the fiist legislative step taken by the Ter-
ritory to take the vote of the people upon the call-
ing of the convention, they stubbornly refused to
vote, what is to be done' If, again, they refused to
vole for delegates to the convention which formed
the constitution,and still again refused to vote on
the slavery clause of that constitution, who, I ask,
are to be made the suflereis? Are the law-abiding
people then to sulfur? Is the country to be con-
tinually rent and torn* Is Kansas to be kept out
•of the Union? Arc all law and order to be trampled
under foot by this lawless opposition? What
soi t of a doctrine is this to broach in our country ?
Where would it end ?
Bur, sir, i take it that this objection (ifobjection
it be) is effectually and finally cured by the vote
for officers on the 4th instant under that consti-
tution. It is a complete acknowledgment of the
Lecompton constitution, its validity and author-
ity. The very men, or at least a sufficient num-
ber to make a majority of the whole people, who
willfully and maliciously refused to vote in the
former legally-appointed elections, and especially
upon the constitution, have stepped up and voted
for officers to be elected under that constitution.
These very men, who pronounce the constitution
of Kansas a fraud, a swindle, a corrupt thing, a
thing conceived in sin and brought forth m ini-
quity, by their own acts indorse this fraud; in-
dorse this swindle; indorse this foul conception
of sin and 'spawn of iniquity; acknowledge its
authority by the very act of voting for officers
under it, and by virtue of it. If it be so corrupt
and corrupting, it must have imparted some of
the base elements ramified throughout all its func-
tions and functionaries. Can they now come in
and say that the Lecomptcn constitution shall
not be adopted by Congress ? that Kansas cannot
come in under that constitution, because they did
not vote or would not vote on it when they*had
a chance? This objection ought not, under any
circumstances, to be regarded; but by their act of
voting for State officers under the constitution
they are estopped and forever barred from put-
ting in this plea. I, myself, would not care one
cent, it would not affect my action m the mat-
ter one particle, if they had persisted and staid
away from the polls and never voted; for I can-
not for a moment subscribe to the monstrous
doctrine, that because a factious party, either ma-
jority or minority, it makes no difference, refuse
to avail themselves of the requirements and privi-
leges of the law, and vote that the action of those
who do vote and who thereby seek to settle dis-
turbing elements, is vitiated, or to be considered
as null and void. This would indeed be a mon-
strous doctrine, subversive of every principle of
popular government.
But even had this argument a shadow of claim
upon the consideration of Congress or the coun-
try, it is forever silenced in the fact that this con-
stitution was in the most solemn manner acknowl-
edged by their vote for officers under it. All these
things plainly point out what course is to be pur-
sued by Congress—by the Representatives of
the people on this floor—and that is to admit Kan-
sas under the constitution she presents, the Le-
compton constitution, and put an eternal quietus to
her unceasing troubles; to restore peace not only
within her own distracted borders, but through-
out the length and breadth of the land. The other
neglected and needful legislation of the couniry
calls for it, the people demand it, and look here to
have it settled. If the people ultimately find that
they do not want their domestic institutions set-
tled according to this constitution, they can easily
regulate them in a different manner. They have
the sovereign power to do so at any time; and it
illy becomes those advocates and defenders of the
Topeka constitution—so radically sovereign as to
be above and in defiance of law—I say it illy be-
comes them to object to the adoption of this con-
stitution because it cannot be changed until 1864
on account of its schedule. The people are sov-
ereign, and they can alter or abolish when they1'
please. Law, order, sound policy, the peace of
the country, the harmony and nationality of the
Democratic party, and perhaps the perpetuity of
the Union, depend upon this settlement of these
distracting questions.
Sir, 1 think 1 can safely say that the people of
the South considered themselves pledged, under
the principles of the Kansas act, to vote for the
admission of Kansas under the constitution she
should legally and rightfully present, slavery or
no slavery. However dear our southern institu-
tions may be held; with whatsoever jealousy they
may be watched; however ardent may he the de-
sire to plant them everywhere, and especially in
the virgin soil of Kansas; yet, if the constitution
of the people said they did not want slavery, the
Democracy South, true to the great principles of
the act, would have said, without a murmur, let
it be so. They were willing to stand or fall upon
it. The constitution comes with a slavery form.
The South stands precisely where she did when
the chances were against her. And will ourfnends
of the North now falter? Will they open afresh
the bleeding wounds of this distracted Territory ?
Sir, it may be that it would be different did this
constitution come in an anti-slavery garb. It has
ever been a struggle for a slave State to be admit-
ted into this Union; the struggle is growing fiercer
each succeeding time. It is almost as easy for
a camel to pass through the eye of a needle as
for a slave State to be admitted into this Union.
Florida, Missouri, Arkansas, Texas, all came in
through great tribulation; but, thanks to the con-
servative, Union-loving, constitutional men of the
North, they shrunk not then. Will they now?
Who has forgotten how the present enlightened
Chief Magistrate of this great nation stood by the
Constitution in these hours of peril? How he
welcomed in the lone-starred Republic to this
family of sovereign and independent Republics?
How, too,when the infant Arkansas was present-
ed at the baptismal font, in the swaddling-clothes
of her slavery constitution, he stood godfather
and sponsor when she was baptized into the great
family of States. And in the present crisis lie
plants himself again upon the side of the Consti-
tution—upon the side of equal rights of ail the
States—upon the side of the doctrine of the plat-
form upon which he was elccted, of non-interven-
tion. Were Congress now to interpose any ob-
stacle to her immediate admission under the con-
stitution of her own making, in her own way, by
prescribing new and other and different modes or
qualifications or conditions, would it not be an
intervention ? Should the President do the same,
would it not likewise be an intervention ? Should
any power from any quarter, either Executive,
judicial, State, or Federal, attempt to give direc-
tion and control to the matter, would it not be
intervention, violative of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, at war with the equal rights of all the States,
and inimical to the Constitution ?
Sir, the South has ever been loyal to the Con-
stitution. She has ever stood on that broad and
patriotic platform which guarantees to every State
in this Union equal rights, the one with the other.
It is all she claims, or has ever claimed. Nothing
more she wants—nothing less is she willing to
put up with. She has ever been amongst the
foremost to vindicate those rights, in peace and
in war, to crush out fanaticism, to trample'under
foot political heresies which tend to abridge the
rights of people or State. Look to the last con-
test, which shook the pillars of the Republic—a
contest such as never before had an existence in
this Government; not a contest in which alone
the peaceful establishment of great political prin-
ciples was involved; not merely whether this or
that policy should prevail; but it was a contest in
which were deeply involved the liberties of the
people, the perpetuity of the Republic, the exist-
ence of the Government. A deadly blow was
aimed at the very vitals of the Federal Constitu-
tion. This battle may be to fight again. God in
his providence avert it. I think that thfc safety
of the Union rests with the conservative elements
and organization of the Democratic party. North
and South. It was the stay of the nation in the
last struggle. Ever be it so. Stand by the Con-
stitution; stand by the great principle which you,
by your aid, have so nobly helped to inaugurate;
stand by the solemn decisions and decrces of the
high judicial tribunals of the land—enlightened,
learned, pure, and patriotic monumentsof impar-.
tial judgment, of lofty patriotism, of solid and
enduring wisdom. Do this, and all will be well;
but do it not, and it may be the beginning of the
end.
Mr. THOMPSON. Mr. Chairman, in the
pauses of the storm which the discussion of the
Lecompton constitution hasraised, and will raise,
if ever presented here, into fiercer convulsions,
and until which time I shall defer what I may
have to say on that topic, I will avail myself of a
temporary lull to bring to the consideration of
the committee a subject which has not yet been
discussed, but to which our attention will prob-
ably be directed, even before the affairs of Kan-
sas shall be brought up for action.
For the first time since the organization of this
Government, we are called upon to authorize the
increase of the Army, ostensibly for the purpose
of being employed against the people of one of our
Territories. Under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, article four, section three,
new States may be admitted; and Congress has
power " to dispose of and make ail needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." By
virtue of this provision, Congress has, from time
to time, out of territory acquired by the General
Government from the original States, or by ces-
sion or purchase from foreign Powers, organized
territorial governments, which,after due political
tutelage, have applied for admission as States,
and been received, to take the rank and privileges
belonging'to the original thirteen States of the
Union. Year after year has the tide of emigra-
tion from Europe and the eastern States surged
on, and on, tracking the path of the retreating
savage; plowing up the pasturage of the wild
