THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, i). C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1858.
New Series....No. 39.
buffalo; felling the forests; harnessing the water-
fall to the wheels of mechanical and manufac-
turing industry; gemming the landscape with
towns, villages, and citics—the abodes of peace,
property and refinement. Thus has the forest belt
that lay around the original thirteen States been
broken; the wigwam has disappeared; and double
the number of coequal sovereignties now dwell
in fraternal concord beneath the wide dome of the
Republic! What was known as the Far West in
the days of ourboyhood, is now the Far East; and
the representatives of millions of men stand be-
side us on this floor, whose tasteful dwellings have
been reared where, within half a century, the war
dance of the Indian was celebrated,orthe panther
of the wilderness made his lair. The valley of
the Mississippi has become dotted with the homes
of empire, fronting on that Father of Waters—
to them as an inland sea and an outlet to the ocean.
The trapper retreats to the head-waters of the
Missouri, and gathers his spoil from the streams
that thread the slopes of the Rocky Mountains.
Up to their wooded bases su rge the tides ofad vanc-
ing civilization; and beyond and over them breaks
the wave, foaming on to the short's of the Pacific.
Across vast plains, twelve hundred miles from the
Missouri, sentineled by mountain ramparts; the
dry bed of a vast inland sea, with its salt waters
sunken to an inconsiderable lake, whose margin
sparkles with its white crystals, and four thousand
two hundred feetabove the sc-a level, lies the cen-
tral Territory of the Republic—Utah ! Ten years
«go—a single decade—and not a dwelling dotted
that valley; across it wound the rugged road of
the trader, the bridle or war path of the Shosho-
nee and his savage allies or foes. Standing on
an eminence of the Wahstach mountains, to the
east, their glittering peaks, lifting themselves eight
thousand feet in the clear, silent air, and fringed
far beneath by shaded masses of pine and fir and
balsam, are receding ranges of hills and streams,
sparkling like silver threads, and narrow gorges,
looking like abysses in the distance; and west-
ward the mountains become lower, and gradually
melt away, until a valley, holding in its bosom
this lake of salt, spreads out before it. All around
on the slopes of the descending hills urn even
bcnches, formoily the water levels of the lake,
and now used for cultivation or pasturage. Atthe
foot of these rise the mud walls of a city, rever-
ing an area of six square miles, the abode of half i
the people of theTerritory, which now holds more '
than sixty thousand souis! As by a common
impulse, they have come together from all parts
of the world—from Germany, Sweden, Denmmk,
Scotland, England, Australia, and the United
States. They have become a nation in a day.
They have trade, industry, manufacturing and
mechanical skill; they have law, government,
and a religion. They are a homogeneous people;
act by a common impulse upon definite and fixed
principles; and, after having applied as a Terri-
tory for an organic law in 1850, and been oigan-
ized in pursuance of its provisions, received a
Governor, judges, a marshal, and a districtattor-
ney, from Federal appointment; after sending their
Delegate to sit in the councils of the nation, they
have seen fit to tepudiatti the paternity and power
of the General Government; to break up the Fed-
eral courts; to deny all political influence in their
councils coming from orthrough the agency of
Federal officers, and fall bark upon a theocratic
polity that impiously claims the immediate inspi-
ration of the Most High as its source and author-
ity, revealed through His servant and prophet,
Brigham Young.
This leader, who rules this people with an
unquestioned despotism, through a machinery I
shall examine, after temporizing under Mr. Pierce
as Governor and Indian agent, has at length grown
desperate enough to declare openly his defiance I
■of the General Government; and emboldened by [
distance and long success, gathered from the su- j
pmcness of the executive power that had employ-;
ment nearer home for all its energies, comes out j
by proclamation declaring military law, usurps ]
all the functions of territorial government in his i
person, and is training and marshaling his battal-
ions for resistance and encounter. Three thou-
sand bravemen—our brothersand our sons—have,
in obedience to the executive mandate, crossed
the plains and rest in their tents near the mountain
passes that girdle that Territory. The wintry
snows have not damped their ardor, or cooled their
glowing courage; the howl of the savage, impelled
to run off their horses and cattle by the stimulus
of Mormon craft, has not made them irresolute
or desponding; the driving tempest and the icy
hail rattle upon their canvas covering, but the
camp is merry with glee and the martial airs of
Columbia echo through the passes and linger on
every lip.
Why they were ordered off at a season which
compelled this inevitable exposure, contrary to all
prudent foresight, and against the advice of wise
and experiencedcouncilsj.letthosewho did it ex-
plain and justify to the people and the country,
if they can. W hcthertheloud anddeep murmurs
that began to roll from all parts of the land to-
wards the capital, condemning the retention of
five thousand troops in Kansas Territory, under
the pretense of maintaining law and order, and
compelling a fiee people to vote or refrain from
voting under the roar of United States artillery,
according to settled programme formed at Wash-
ington, had the efl'oct of starting forward the en-
terprise too long delayed, it is impossible accu-
rately to determine. Should the disasters which
now threaten our htavc men,and which were an-
ticipated by the sagacious in consequence of their
long and unnecessary detention and late march,
eventually fail upon them; should notProvidence
defied, and the enemy tempted, he better than out-
fears or our deserts, they who weic instiumental
in this dreadful exposure will be held to a strict
and exacting account. Men in the plenitude of
power, and backed byadominant party hurrying
them on, may for a time defy public opinion; but
its edicts arc unsparing upon imbecilityor crime,
and its vengeance sure. Let them remember that!
Yes, sir, let them remember it!
Such is the aspect of things at this hour. The
General Government has superseded Young as
tei iito rial Governor. II is successor (Cum tiling)
has issued his proclamation, exhorting the people
to lay down their arms and refrain from all dis-
orderly and treasonable projects. The idle wind
that sweeps those plains is not more idle and in-
effective than these proclamations upon that peo-
ple. Their imperial piiest, despot, and dictator,
from his dual throne, as potentate of the Saints
and vicegetent of the Almighty, laughs them to
scorn. Entrenched behind the material bulwarks
of distance and the wall of rock which nature has
piovided; girded by sterile plains and verdure-
less hills, and guauled by a blind fanaticism that
knows no law beyond his will, and wiil shed its
last drop of blood at his behest, he has become
foolhardy by impunity and the unquestioning de-
votion that encircles him. The wily craft of the
conspirator and the low cunning of the knave
have given place to the giaspmg ambition of the
chieftain and the hopeful enthusiasm of the traitor
and the prince.
In his plotting brain the time has arrived to cast
off the allegiance he swore ta this Government,
which he once needed to subdue or wheedle the
savage, around whom he now believes he has
thrown stronger toils. A sway of more than six
years, as head of the State and of the*Church—
wielder at once of the sword of territorial sov-
ereignty and the crozier of spiritual might—has
compacted and cemented in his grasp a dominion
he is impatient to extend, and will not surrender!
Ten thousand swords will leap from their scab-
bards at his beck; thirty thousand hands of male
and female alike, will toil incessantly to sustain
his power, linked, as they believe it to be, with i
their best interests in time and their salvation for- !
ever.
What is this moral and political phenomenon
that looms up so grandly, and has ripened so soon;
defying the forces of the Republic, and attracting
the attention of the civilized world.
The President says in his message:
"A territorial government was established for Utah by
act of Congress, approved the 9th Septemner, 1850, and the
Constitution and laws of the United States we ic thereby
extended over it { so far as the same, or any provisions'
thereof, may be applicable.' This act provided for the ap-
pointment by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, of a Governor, who was to be cx officio
superintendent of Indian affairs, a seeretasy, three judges
of the supreme coint, a marshal, and a district attorney.
Subsequent acts provided for the appointment of the officers
nece-Naiy to extend our land and our Indian system over
the Territory. Brigham Young wa& appointed the first Gov-
ernor, on the 20th September, 1850, and has held the office
ever since. Whilst Governor Young has been both-GoV-
ernor and superintendent of Indian affairs throughout this
period, he lias been, at the same time, at,the head of the
Church called the Latter Day Saints', and professed to
govern its members and dispose of their property by direct
inspiration and authoi ity from the Almighty. His power lias
been, therefore, absolute over both Church and State.
The people of Utah, almost exclusively, belong to this
church, and believing with a fanatical spint that he is
Governor of the Territory by Divine appointment, they
obey his commands as it they were direct revelations from
Heaven. If. therefore, he chooses thathisgovcrnmeiitshall
come into collision with the Government of the United
States, the members of the Mormon church will yield im-
plicit obedience to his will. Unfortunately, existing fitew
leave but little doubt that such is his determination. -With-
out entering upon a minute history of occurrences, it is
sufficient to say that all the officers of the United States,
judicial and executive, wi(h the single exception of tw<f
Indian agents, have found it necessary, for their own per-
sonal gaiety, to withdraw from the Territory, and there no
longer remains any government in Utah but the despotism
ot Hrighrim Young. This being the condition of affairs in
the Tomiotv, I could not mistake the path of duty. As
Chief Executive Magi-mate, I was bound to restore the su-
premacy of the Con-utuuon and laws within its limits. In
oider to effect tins purpose, ] appointed a new Governor
and other Fedeial offieeis for Utah, and sent with them a
military foiee for their protection,and to aid as a posse
comitatu*, in ea<e of need, in the execution of the laws.
c- With the religious opinions of the Mormons, aslongas
they remained mere opinions, however deplorable in them-
selves and icvoltmg to the moral and lehgious sentiments of
all Christendom, I had no right to interfere. Actions alone,
when in violation of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, become the legitimate subjects for the jurisdiction
ot the civil magistrate. My instiuetions to Governor Cum-
muighave theiefore been framed in stiict accordance with
these principles. At their date a hope was indulged that no
necessity might exist for employing the military in lestorlng
and maintaining the authority of the law; but this hope has
now vanished. Governor Young has, by proclamation,
declaied his determination to maintain Ins power by force,
and ha'? already committed acts of hostility against the
United States. Unless he should retrace his steps the Ter-
ritory of Utah will be m a state of open rebellion. He has
committed these acts of hostility notwithstanding Major
Van Yhet. an officer of the Army, sent to Utah by the com-
mandmgGcneral to purchase provisions for the troops,had
given him the stiongest assurances of the peaceful iutejv
tionri of the Government, and that the troeps vvouldonly be
employed as a posse comHat s when called on by the civil
authoi ity to aid in the execution of the laws.
'• There is reason to believe that Governor Young has
long contemplated this result. He know?that the continu-
ance of his despotic power depends upon the exclusion of
all settlors fiom the Territoiy except tho^e who will ac-
knowledge his Divine mission and implicitly obey his will;
and that an enlightened public opinion there would soon
proatratc institutions at war with the laws both of God and
man. lie has, thereiore, for seveial years, m order to main-
tain his independence, been indu>uloudly employed in col-
lecting and fabricating arms and munitions of war, and in
disciplining the Mormons for military service. As super-
intendent of Indian affairs, he has had an opportunity of
tampering with the Indian tribes, and exciting their hostile
feelings a'gaiiist the United State-*. This, accoiding to our
information, he has accomplished in regard to some of these
tribes, while other* have remained true to their allegiance,
and have communicated his intrigues to our Indian agents.
He has laid in a stoic ot provisions for three years, which,
in case of necessity, as he informed Major Van Vliet, he
wi'i conceal, < and then take to the mountains, and bid de-
fiance to all the powers of the Government.'
" A great part ot this may be idle boasting; but yet no
wise Government will lightly estimate the efforts which
mav be inspired bv such frenzied fanaticism as exists among'
the Moimons in Utah. This is the first lebelhon which has
existed in our Territories ; and humanity ltselfrequires that
we should put it down in such a manner thai it shall be the
last. To tufle with it would be to encourage it and to ren-
der it formidable. We ought to go there with such an im-
; po-mg force as to convince these deluded people that resist-
ance woold be vain, arid thus spare the effusion ot blood. "
Wc can in this manner best convince them that we are their
friends, not their enemies. Jnordoi to accomplish this ob-
ject ir will be necessary, according to the estimate of the.
War Department, to laise four additional regiments; and
tins F earnestly recommend to Congies-s. At the pie&ent
moment of depression in the levenoes of the eountiy I am
sorry to he obliged to recommend such a mea- uic ; but I
feel confident oi the suppoit of Congiess, cost what U may,
in suppressing the insurrection, and m mstoimg and main-
taining the sovereignty of the Constitution uud laws over
the Temtoiy of Uuh.:)
