1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15M
peases of this work. After the expenditure of the
§40,000 for these engravings and office-work here
in preparing the report, there was nearly $50,000
left on hand. The Secretary did not take a single
dollar out of the Treasury that was notappropii-
ated. There was no deficiency in the case; there
was a surplus; and he only authorized the com-
missioner to apply that surplus to the expense of
making out the report here, in the city of Wash-
ington, in the office, and preparing the engravings
incident to it. The whole expense of which I
complain is the printing of these works. Whose
fault is that? These $98,000 do not compose a
part of that. The expense of $.220,000 is incurred
by a subsequent order of Congress that directs
six thousand four hundred copies to be published
for the use of the Senate, and eleven thousand live
hundred and thirty for the use of the House of
Representatives; and I presume the Senator from
New Hampshire voted for that order. I have no
doubt the Senator from New Hampshire voted
for an order of that kind, directing six thousand
four hundred copicsofthis book to be published
and printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is mistaken, thatis
all I can say—I did not vote for it.
Mr. IVE&.SON. There were no yeas and nays;
but if you will look on the journal you will not
find a protest against it from the Senator.
Mr. HALE. I was not a member of the Sen-
ate, I think, at that time.
Mr. IVERSON. Oh, yes. The order must
have been recently, I apprehend.
Mr. HALE. It was made in 1854. I was not
a member of the Senate then, and therefore the
Senator will not find my name there.
Mr. IVERSON. At any rate the fault is here in
Congress and not in the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HALE. That is what I said.
Mr. IVERSON. Let us take the blame on our-
selves, and hereafter let us mend the matter by
stopping this useless expenditure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall
have the vote. We shall-have a chance to debate
this whole matter on the printing bill.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I give notice
to the Senate that on Friday week, I will ask that
the Senate do not adjourn over but that they will
take up the bill (S. No. 218) amendatory of the
act entitled "An act to provide for executing the
public printing, and establishing the prices there-
of, and for other purposes." That will then bring
up the whole subject.
Mr. STUART. The Senator had better not
fix it for Friday, because private bills are the spe-
cial order for that day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I will say
this day week.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
The PRESIDENT pi'o tempore. The special
order of the day is the bill (S. No. 65) to author-
ize the President of the United States to contract
for the transportation of the mails, troops, sea-
men, munitions of war, Army and Navy supplies,
and all other Government service, by railroad,
from the Missouri river to San Francisco, in the
State of California, which is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I shall not detain
the Senate long while I explain the provisions
of this bill. The first section confers no power
upon the President but to make a contract. The-
committee were careful, in preparing this meas-
ure, to confer no doubtful powers upon the Presi-
dent or any one else. We wished to avoid consti-
tutional objections from all quarters, and simply
provide for exercising powers conceded to exist
under the Constitution from the foundation of the
Government.
The second section provides for fair competi-
tion of bidders for the contract, by public adver-
tisement in two papers in each State and Territory
and the District of Columbia. It details how the
bids shall be prepared; none are to be received
that does not obligate the bidder to complete the
entire road within twelve years from the date of
the contract; and also, what extent and portion
of the road, beginning at the eastern and western
termini and progressing continuously until fin-
ished, shall be completed and put m operation
during each and every year; also, the time that
the bidder proposes to surrender the road, with
its rolling stock andaltappuuencuiees, to the Uni-
ted States for the purpose of being transferred to
the States now in existence, and States which
may hereafter be framed out of the Territories
through which it may pass: also, at what rate per
mile per annum, not to exceed §500 per mile. It
is proposed to carry the United States mail daily
both ways, under the direction of the Post Office
Department, for the period of twenty years from
the completion of the road; and also, at what rate
per mile for a like period, under the direction of
the properdepartments, it is proposed to carry all
military and naval supplies, troops, seamen, pas-
sengers, and freights of all kinds, for Government
purposes, with the limitation that the contract
price shall not, in any event, either of peace or
war, exceed the sum which in time of peace has
been heretofore paid for similar services of equal
amount upon any existing route. Italso provides
that, after the expiration of said contract, all Gov-
ernment transportation shall be performed on said
road, for reasonable prices, not exceeding those
paid on other first class railroads, to be ascertained
by Congress in the event of a disagreement be-
tween the Government and owners of the road.
The third section provides that the proposals
shall be opened by the President after due notice,
in the presence of his Cabinet, and such other
persons as may choose to attend; and he is au-
thorized and directed to enter into a contract for
the transportation provided for m this act, with
the party whose proposal shall be by him deemed
most advantageous to the United States.
To guaranty the execution of the contract, the
party with whom it is made is required to deposit,
with the Secretary of the Treasury $500,000, or
the value thereofin bonds, orcertificntes of stock
of the United States, which may be subsequently
withdrawn in sums of ten thousand dollars, when
the Secretary is satisfied that these sums have
been faithfully applied towards the construction
of the road. It also provides that all questions of
damages and forfeitures by reason of any breach
of said contract, shall be determined by the ex-
press terms and conditions of the same, and the j
act itself is to be taken and considered as part of j
the contract. i
The fourth section grants twenty sections of the j
public land to the mile, to bo located on each side [
of the road, excluding all mineral lands lying i
withm the State of California, and giving in lieu |
thereof agricultural lands lying neai est to t he road, i
The fifth section icquires the contracting party !
to proceed without delay to locate the general i
route of the road, and furnish the Piesidcnt with \
a map of the same, who shall cause the public :
lands for forty miles on each side of the road to
he surveyed, and the Indian titles theieto, if any, !
extinguished. It also gives the right of preenip- j
don to the lands not granted to the contracting i
party, but withholds them from settlement until .
the lands granted are selected. j
The sixth section provides for the transfer to
the contracting party of three fourths of the lands i
granted for the first twenty-five miles of the road :
that may be completed, retaining the other one !
fourth as security for the completion of the next !
twenty-five miles, which, when completed, three j
fourths of the land pertaining to thatseetion shall
m like manner be conveyed to the contracting par- j
ty, together with the remaimngone fourth of the j
previous section, and so on with each succeeding i
section until the road is finished and put into oper- '
ation.
The seventh section provides that so soon as one
section of twenty-five miles of the road is com-
pleted, the President shall cause to be issued to
the contracting party $12,500 per mile of said sec-
tion m United States bonds bearing five per cent,
interest; payable nineteen years from date; and
m hkemannerto cause the same amount of bonds
per mile to he issued from each succeeding section
of twenty-five miles, when completed, until the !j
whole road is built; provided that the aggregate |<
amount of bonds issued shall not exceed the sum !j
of twenty-five million dollars. It also provides n
that the amount of bonds thus issued, with the in-
terest on the same, shall be paid to the United
States by the transportation and service provided
j for in this act. The committee were of the opin- ,
ion that the amount due for such service within !j
nineteen years would be fully adequate to pay the
bonds, principal and interest, and hence they in- (
serted that date for their payment; I may also be ■'
permitted to observe, that nineteen years being
supposed to be the term of life of bne^ generation
it was not inappropriate to apply, in the build-
ing of this great work, the old JefFersomaft doc-
trine that each generation should provide for the
pavmentof itsown debts. Thissectioh also pro-
vides, that if the railroad iron used in the con-
struction of the road shall be imported, the dunes
on the same will not be required to be paid in ad-
vance, but the amount shall be deducted from the
first service performed for the Government under
the act. It further requires that the contracting
party shall use American railroad iron, if it can
be obtained of equal quality and at a price not ex-
ceeding that imported from foreign countries.
The eighth section provides that, in the event
of the contracting party failing to execute his con-
tract, the same shall be forfeited,and the President
shall proceed to relet that portion of the road un-
completed; provided he shall not stipulate for high-
er or other terms than those authorized by this act.
The ninth section provides that one half of the
lands granted shall be unconditionally sold within
five years, and the other half withm ten years
from the date of the issuance of the patents, un-
der penalty of forfeiture to the United States of
whht remains unsold.
The tenth section sets apart two hundred feet
in width of the public lands, on each side of the
road, for railroad and telegraph purposes, and re-
quires the contracting party to build the road in
a workmanlike and substantial manner, and place
upon it furniture and rolling-stock equal in ail re-
spects to railroads of the first class, when prepared
for business; and that none other than railsof the
first quality shall be used, and the gauge shall be
six feet throughout the entire length of the road.
It also provides for the construction of a telegraph
lino, of the most substantial and approved descrip-
tion, to be operated along the entire line of said
road.
The eleventh section gives authority to the con-
tracting party to construct additional tracks with-
in the two hundred feet set apart for rail road and tel-
egraph purposes; and that other roads shall be per-
mitted to connect with it, on fair and equal terms.
The twelfth section provides for the transfer of
the road to States and Territories through which it
may pass, when it shall have been surrendered to
the United States under the provisions of this act.
The thirteenth and last section provides that
the contracting party shall keep books open for
| inspection, shall make annual returns of the ie-
j ceiptsand expenditures of the road to the Secretary
i of the Treasury, who shall lay the same befoie
i Congress at the commencement of each session.
! With this synopsis of the bill, I shall now pro-
; ceed briefly to stale the advantages that will 10-
i suit from locating the eastern terminus, as pio-
j vided for in the bill, on the Missouri, between
! the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas nveis.
: It is central, as regards the population of the At-
j lantic and western States.
Mr. POLK. I should like to a^k the Senator
i from California, who, as he understands this bill,
! will select the route of the road between the two
| termini fixed by the bill—the President, or the
contractors ?
Mr. GWIN. The contractors, of course, will
make the selection of their route. The President
may have some power m the selection of the con-
tractors and the bids that may be put in; but it is
intended by the bill that the contractors shall have
the selection of the route upon which they will
build the road.
Mr. POLK. I will ask the Senator whether
the language is more definite on that point than it
was m the hill for the overland mail route?
Mr. GWIN. I do not recollect (he provisions
of that law. I think that was entirely left to the
contractors.
Mr. POLK. 1 think it was, too; yet I believe
certain routes weie maiked out in ihe bids, to
which the contractors were confined.
Mr. GWiN. 'flie intention was that the eon-
tractors should select the lonte. Having given a
synopsis of the provisions of the bill, I shall pro-
ceed to show vpry briefly the advantages that will
result from locating the eastern terminus in the
manner proposed m th  lull.
Whether the road should approach the Pacific
on the forty-frst, thnty-fifth, or thirty-second
parallel of latitude, it can with great facility be
connected by railroad with the principal comnier-
