2560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
priation to run, mark, and establish the western
fcoundary of the State of Minnesota. If it is in
order, I will offrr an amendment for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes it is
not in order.
Mr. GROW. I hope it will be put in by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. COBB. An indispensable necessity has
arisen for this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. If no objection be made,
of course the Chair will receive the amendment;
but if objection be made, the Chair must rule it
out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania fakes precedence.
The motion of Mr. Jones was agreed to.
VOLUNTEER REGIMENTS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move 10
take up the bill (No. 5Gl) making appropriations
for three regiments of volunteers.
The motion was agreed to.
The- first road ins: of tlm bsil was dispensed with.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman,
this is a bill making appropriations for a service
whtch is familiar to the whole committee. On
the 7th of April, 1858, Congress passed a law
providing for raising three regiments of volun-
teers—one to protect the frontier of Texas, and
the other two to prosecute the war in Utah.
Some time since—the precise date I do not now
remember—the Executive of this nation, in the
discharge of his duty, deemed it proper and ex-
pedient (o nominate and appoint a Governor for
the Tenitory of Utah. Ih'ighnm Y<mng, the in-
cumbent of that office, who had occupied if for
some six years, had outraged ihe sentiment of the
nation in sustaining, by the exercise of arbiuary
power, a combination of Chinch and State, until,
in the opinion of the Executive, the lime had ar-
rived when he should appoint a civilian t<> that
office who would not combine, or attempt to com-
bine, the fanaticism of a religious opinion with
the discharge of the civil duties of the Territory.
13 e soon received infoi mation that Hngham Young
would not surrender his r.lllee, or recognize the
pow^r of the Executive of the nation to appoint
ins successor. This created what may be piop-
erly <\il!ed a state of quasi rebellion m that Tei n~
tory—a resistance to th*- jaws and to the enforce-
ment of the laws. The President of the United
States having appointed his Governor, called out
a Kudicient f-n-rp to compel the people and the au-
thorities of Utah to leeofiiRe and lecetvehim.
Information was received by the Government, in
an official communication, that the entiie popu-
lation of the Territory of Utah was a unit, and
governed by religious fanaticism*, that they were
determined the President should not send a Gov-
ernor into the Territory to preside over them, and
Wen' prepared to set the Government at defiance.
Now, sir, the Army of the United States being
small and scattered over a most extensive fron-
tier, every man being wanted at his post, f lie Pres-
ident found that he could not discharge lus duty
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army, and could
not profitably enforce the laws in Utah, without
subjecting our extensive frontier to inroads from
Indians, and the settlers there to the loss of lift*
and proprrty. tie applied to Congress, at the
opening ofthe session, for an increase of the iegu-
Inr Army, in a Message sent to Congress, he set
forth the object of it; that the frontier of the country
required every soldier to remain at his post, that
be ought not to detach one; that if the soldiers
were gone from any particular post, the* frontier
in that vicinity would be left exposed to the dep-
redations of the Indians. Congress, in its wis-
dom, thought uroper. instead of increasing the
regular Army, which the President recommended,
and winch, 1 think, tiiey should have done, to au-
thorize, as they did, by'tbe law passed on the "< th
of Ann!, J858, the President of the United States
to raise one legiaient of mounted volunteers to pro-
tect the frontier of Texas, and two regiments of
volunteers to be used in the Utah service, if, in the
judgment ofthe President, they became necessai y.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as this Congress, at the
present session, passed this law, it is to be pre-
sumed they understand the whole subject, and
are prepared to vote for supplies without the ne-
cessity of further explanation or delay. It is to
be presumed that, for the purpose of calling out
these three regiments and putting them into ser-
vice, if the President of the United States shall
deem it necessary, Congress will not hesitate to
provide the money, to pay, clothe, and subsist
them, and this bill is for that simple purpose.
The only question that can possibly arise, will be
as to whether two of the regiments will be needed,
i believe it is admitted on all hands that, in any
event, the regiment for Texas will be wanted. But
the question is, whether the other two regiments
will be needed? I have simply to say that, for
the purpose of ascertaining that fact, I have kept
the bill back till the very last moment, in order
that if any information be received justifying the
President in not calling out these regiments, the
appropriation might be dispensed with. I am
sorry to say that no such information has reached
here yet; nothing reliable going to show thatthey
may not be wanted. They may not be wanted;
but there is nothing which will justify Congress
in ndjournmg without putting the money at the
dispejsnl ofthe Executive, in case they are wanted.
1 say that I have kept this bill back for the pur-
pose of getting information; but, no information
having reached me, I am obliged now, within a
week of adjournment, to bring up this bill, which
is the last appropriation bill, which is simply to
pay for the regiments which Congress has placed
at the disposal of the President. It is very likely
they may not be wanted; but it would not be safe
for Congress to decline action on the subject. The
very fact itself that Congress had declined, might
be sufficient to prevent these difficulties from being
brought to a close I am authorized to say that,
if this money is appropriated, the Piesident will
not use it, unless it becomes absolutely noccasu-y
to enforce the law.
I wish now to give notice to the committee that
as this is the last appropriation bill, and as I have
understood it is the wish of gentlemen to make
speeches upon other matters tins evening, 1 pro-
pose to pass this bill, and, as soon as it is laid
aside, to take up the loan bill, which is the last bill
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
on which we require the action of the Elouse, and
then to take a recess for the evening, for the pur-
pose of general debate.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wndi to dve
notice to the committee, that at the voi y earliest
moment I propose to brim; up the bill f<>r thcim-
provemi et of Jiaiboiv: and nvers, and press it to a
final vote.
V OLTJNTE E R BILL AG A IN.
Mr. SHAW, of North Caiolina, obtained the
floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to know
of the gentleman from North Carolina if he pro-
poses to speak upon this bill? :
Mr. SUA W, of Noith Carolina. 1 do not.
Mi, J. GLANCY JONES Then i will suggest '
to tli" gentleman that he allow us to go through
v. ith this b>U. I will then move to take up the 1
loan bill, and I have no doubt that, by general con- ,
S'iit. he will be allowed to have the floor upon
that hill Agreed."] i
Mr. SPIAW, of North Carolina. With that '
understanding \ will give way.
Air. OILMAN. I presume the chairman of ■
the Committee of Ways and Means has official
information, and I would be very glad to know '
from him whether Governor Cummin^ has en-
tered Suit Lake City unaccompanied by any rail- 1
itary power? !
Air J. GLANCY JONES. I have no inform-
ation except what the gentleman himself has.
There is no oinmal evidence of the fact.
Mr. GILMAN. I wish to inquire of the chair- ,
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether be believes Governor Cui'nmmgs has en*- •
tered Salt Lake City unaccompanied by military
power?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am satisfied of
this fact from unofficial evidence that Dr. Kane,
without any official authority, went to Salt Lake
City, and that Governor Cummings. in response '
to his invitation, dU go there without escort, for
the purpose of hearing what Brigham Young has
to say. Prom that time nothing has been heard
from him.
Mr. COMINS. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether,
as soon as this bill is disposed of, he will not per-
mit me to take up the light-house appropriation
bill and dispose of it before the committee goes
into general discussion. 11 will not require more
than thirty minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have no objec-
tion, if that is the wish of the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to know of
the chairman whether appropriation bills must
i take precedence of all other bills on the Calendar?
( The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say, in
, reply to the question of the gentleman from Yir-
. ginia, that it is always in order to move to take
up an appropriation bill, and to that extent they
have precedence.
, Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. All I desire is this,
j There are other bills on the Calendar, some of
, which there is great necessity for action upon,
i which I believe are ahead of the appropriation
i bills in their order, and unless the appropriation
| biils, under the rule, have precedence, I do not
] see why those bills should be passed over.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
! by common consent the light-house bill will be
! taken up and disposed of this evening.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If that is the will
: of the committee, I am satisfied; but 1 would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Air.
Comins,] who has charge of that bill, that as the
committee is very thin, and he may perhaps break
up the committee by piessing action upon that
bill, he had better not insist on it this evening.
Mr. COMINS. I do not insist on it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. \ rise to a
question of order. Here stands the chairman of
the Committee on Militaiy Affairs for the pur-
pose of going on with the business tegularly be-
fore the House. Instead of bargaining what we
shall do, let us e:o on with the business before us.
The CHAIflMAN. The proposition was made
with a view to facilitate business. If there be no
objection, the Chair will consider that general
debate on tins bili is terminated.
There was no objection.
Mr. QUITMAN. The Committee on Mili-
i tary Affairs have had tins bill informally under
. consideration, and have ascertained, in some m-
! stances, that the appropriations m tne bill may
be diminished. I believe that the Committee of
, Ways and Means arc satisfied with the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Military
' Affairs.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill:
For ie;,nihil supplies of the qtnrtermanei department
—find, foiage, htuiw, and «t'iuon<uy. £^e0,147
Mr. QJJ1TMAN. I move to strike out of that
paragraph the words " $360,147 21," and insert
m lieu thereof the words {'$^40,U9S 3G."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The aet for the
raising of this volunteer force provided for not
exceeding eighteen months' service, and the esti-
mates sent to us were for that time. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means struck euT six months.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Quitm w ]
has attracted my attention to sundry amendments,
where this appropriation may sull be reduced. I
have compared views with him, and am satisfied
that his amendments are all right and proper. I
do not propose to discuss them seriatim.
The amendment was adopted.
" Foi incidental cxpen-es of the qimiterma^tei-s dopait-
mem—for blaeks-mulK' and shoeing tooK, hor-e and mule
M'O'm o.id naiK, iron and t-ieel, lior&e medicines, picket
rop:-s. shoeing houses. and miscellaneous, .$22,510.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I move to strike from that
paragraph the words u $22,500," and in heu
thereof to insert the words " $17,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Fot transportation of supplies, transportation of cloth-
ins, ramp and gam-on (quipnye, oidnance, s-ubM-t-ra• ,
iDia-teiV and medical (stores, for the pni^ha.-.^ i,f
mal'^, and the puteha^e and repair of wagon5*, and fui the
hire of t< amsteis. §"2.094,081) 23."
Mr. ClUITMAN. I move to strike from thot
paragraph the words: " $2,034,089 03,''and in
lieu thereof, to insert the words, "§1,396,459 40."
The amendment was agreed to.
" For cloiiung, camp and gamson equipage, $224,<448 02."
