498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Right of Search—Foreign Slave Trade—Mr. Cochrane.
Ho. of Reps.
to indifference on the part of the United States to
the slave trade, especially at this unfortunate
juncture of time, when this infamous traffic is
assuming unusual magnitude and boldness, lays
us under stern and peculiar obligations to employ
the whole energies of the Government for the
suppression of this unnatural crime. We owe it
to our own character and faith as a nation. We
owe it to the other Christian Powers of the world, i
before whom we were the first to denounce it as j
criminal, and to whom we inaugurated and com- |
mended the policy of its extirpation; we owe it
to the manly records of our past, and the just
expectations of our future; to the great cause of
humanity and Christian civilization.
If we aeny the right of Great Britain to inter-
fere in the execution of our criminal laws, let us
see to it that we execute them ourselves. If we
deny the right of that Power to detect and ex-
pose the piratical use of our flag, let us testify our
professed detestation of the piracy by the vig-
orous application of our own remedies. In the
generous movement of the enlightened Powers of
the worfd for the suppression of a general com-
merce in human bodies—a commerce to which
common humanity is sacrificed to the lust of un-
holy gains—let not the United States manifest its
indifference by enacting the part of the dog in the
manger.
The fact that we have resisted the pretension
of the British Government as well to the right of
visitation as of search, and claimed for our flag
absolute inviolability upon the highway of na-
tions, coupled with our refusal hitherto to join the
principal maritime Powers of the world in their
common efforts to suppress the trade by yielding
.the mutual right of search, through treaty stipu-
lations, has led, as might well have been foreseen,
to the general and fraudulent use of our national
ensign to cover and protect this great crime.
These facts are so well put by Mr. Calhoun, m his
able defense of the Ashburton treaty, (hat I beg
leave to read an cxtract from his remarks, not only
because of the clearness and brevity of the state-
ment, but also on account of the peculiar class of
opinions which that distinguished statesman was
supposed to represent. Mr. Calhoun said:
" Congress, at nn early day—as soon, in fact, as it could
legislate on thesunjectundoi the Constitution—passed laws
enacting severe penalties against the African slave trade.
That was followed by the treaty of Gheut, which declared
it to bo irreconcilable with the principles of humanity and
justice, and stipnlaled that both of the parties*—the United
States and Groat Biitam—should use their host endeavois
to effect in abolition Shortly alter, an act of Congress was
passed declaring it to be pnaey, and a i evolution wa^ adopt-
ed by Congress requesting the President to enter into
arrangements with other Poweisfor its suppression. Great
JJritain, actuated bv the same feeling, succeeded in making
tieaties with the Faitopean mantime Powers for us suppres-
sion; and, not long befoio the eoinmeneement of this ne
gotiation, had enteied into joint stipulations with the five
gteat Powers to back her on the question of seaich. She
had thus aeqiined :t general supervision of the trade along
the Aftican coast, m> that vessels eaiiying the flag of every
other eountiy, except ours, were subject, on that coast, to
the infection of her cruisois, and to be captuted if sus-
pected of beingengaged m the slave trade, in consequence
ours became almost the only flag used by thoffe engaged m
the nade, whether our own people or foreigners; although
our law* inhibited the traffic under the seveuM penalties.
"In tins state of things, Cheat lintam put foiwaid the
claim ol the right of .seaich as indispensable to suppress a
tiade prohibited by the laws of the civilized world, and to
the execution of the laws and treaties of th£ nations asso-
ciated with her by mutual engagements for U> suppression.
At thisstuire, a coirespondenee took pi Ace between oui late
Minister at ihe Court of St. James, and Loid Palmeiston,
on the ■subject, in which the latter openly and boldly claimed
the light of search,and which wa* promptly and decidedly
repelled on our side. We had long since taken oui stand
against it, and had resisted its ai)um> as a belligerent right
at the mouth of the t annon. Neither honor nor policy on
our part could toieiate its exercise, m time of peace, in any
form, whether in that of search, as claimed by Lord Pahn-
erston, or the less offensive and Reasonable one o( visita-
tion, as proposed by his suece-t-or, Loid Aberdeen. And
yet we were placed in such circumstances as to lequirc that
something should he done."
The question remains with us, whether any-
thing shall be done. Action, immediate and earn-
est action, is demanded, if for no other reason, in
order to preserve our faith and honor as a nation.
We are committed against this trade by an irre-
versible record. The Christian world is committed
against it. The instincts of our common human-
ity arraign and condemn it as the most atrocious
of crimes, and cnll for its immediate suppression.
From the catalogue of human wrongs, this has
been singled out for ignominy and extinction by
the judgment of the world. From that tribunal,
by which its doom has been pronounced, there is
no appeal.
Towards the consummation of a great object,
so devoutly to be wished, the Republic is pledged
to no undistinguished part. The glory of first
branding the traffic and initiating the policy for its
suppression is ours. If we are true to ourselves,
we shall labor to deserve the chief plaudits of the
world in the hour of fin$l success. j
It is a law of the chase that the huntsman who
starts the game is entitled to be in at the death.
Let the Republic, which inaugurated the enter-
prise, lead the nations in the pursuit, and to the
fame of its beginning add the brighter luster of its
close.
Instead of vigorously and earnestly employing
the means and remedies we already have, or de-
vising new and more effectual measures to sup-
press the evil, we seem at least to stand in the way
of its suppression. That the foreign slave trade
has of late largely increased, and is now princi-
pally prosecuted under the cover of the American
flag, is notorious. This has been lately charged
by the Government of Great Britain and not
denied by our own.
The note of Lord Napier to General Cass, of
the 24th of December last, contains, on this sub-
ject, a mortifying statement of facts, and a noble
and generous appeal. Pie says:
"It has been my duty, under the instructions of her
Majesty's Government, to draw your attention verbally, on
several occasions, to the present activity of the African
slave trade, to the fact that it is now chiefly prosecuted by
the ciimmal and fraudulent a^umption of the United States
(lag, and to themconnnen&urato means winch are employed
for its suppression.
'•1 have also, in an official letter of the IGth of September
!a?t, conveyed to you the hope of her Majesty's Government
that iheu increasing oil'ot ts for the extinction of this traffic
may be supported by the hearty cooperation of the naval
forces of the United States.55 * * * *
"Since I had the honor o! addressing you, additional evi-
dence ha.-5 hanopued of the abides to which ] have alluded.
! have been dtiectcd by the Uail of Claiendon to make a
wiittun communication to you of certain particulars here-
after stated, and I deem the occasion pioperfoi presenting,
at the >:ime time, <.ueh a general view of the subject as the
matenals at my command aflbid, and which, i ttust, not-
withstanding its incompleteness, will fuinish the United
States Cabinet with ground for serious deiibeiation, and for
repressive measures of an energetic chaiacter.
v< The demand for slaves in the Cuban maiket is supplied
bv vessels constiucted, piuelia^ed, and often possessed and
fitted out in the poits of the United States. Tho nuinhci
of ships so employed cannot be exactly ascei tained; but, in
the opinion ol competent judges, it is considerable and in-
ciea-mg.
u The accompanying extracts fiom the official corre-
spondence of her Majesty's consulai authorities in Cuba,
and ihe repoits of the Hntish functionaries on the coast of
Africa, which I have also tho honor to inclose, are submit-
ted to the attention of the Goveininentof the United States
in the belief that simdai information has not reached them
fiom nnv othei qiuuter.
u The vessels engaged in this branch of the slave trade,
winch alone possess any vigor or extension, whether owned
by Ameiicau citizens, bv colonial Spaniaids, or by foreign
residents m the Union ; whether issuing fiom the liaibois
of the United States, or fiom those of Cuba, have now em-
braced the almost umvers-al habit of hooting the colors of
the United States for the putpose of sheltering themselves
against the seiutmy of the .British ciuteers
The Secretary of State of the United States ad-
mits that he has no doubt that "his lordship is
correct in the statement that the American flag has
been fraudulently assumed by the vessels of other
nations engaged in the traffic," but gives in his
long and elaborate reply no assurance or promise
to the country or the world that any very effectual
measures will be prosecuted, at least during this
Administration, to arrest the evils complained of,
or prevent the piratical prostitution and use of our
flag.
There is, in my judgment, nothing wanting to
secuie the complete destruction and overthrow of
the slave trade, at once and forever, except the cor-
dial and earnest cooperation of the United States
with the maritime Powers of Europe in such recip-
rocal measures as the wisdom and experience of
the past have shown would be both effective and
feasible for the accomplishment of the end pro-
posed.
Some plan provided for by treaty with Great
Britain and the other principal European Powers,
arid conceding on our part the mutual and equal
right of visitation and search, is believed to be
indispensable for the removal of this gigantic and
inveterate wrong.
That such reciprocal right might successfully
be administered, under such well-regulated and
well-defined limitations as would prevent any se-
rious inconvenience or abuse, cannot be doubted.
The evil is not beyond the reach of human reme-
dies; and wherever there is a will there is a way.
The concession would be as compatible with
national honor as consonant with the Christian
sentiment of the world. Whatever rights are con-
ceded in„furtherance of acommon end,equivalent
rights would be yielded in return, and equality is
not dishonor.
To a fair and equal concurrence in a scheme
of this character, the United States has been re-
peatedly invited, and has as often, and in my
judgment, without sufficient reasons, declined.
The history of our country, however, is not with-
out evidence of earnest effort, on the part of cer-
tain departments ofthe Government, to induce the
proposed cooperation.
In 1820, so much of the annual message of Mr.
Monroe as related to the suppression of the slave
trade was referred to a special committee of the
House of Representatives. In their report, sub-
sequently submitted to the House, the committee
said:
<% On this subject the United States, having led the way,
owe it to themselves to give then influence and coidial co-
operation to any measure that will accomplish the great and
good purpose ; but this happy result, experience has demon-
stiatcd, cannot be realized by any system, except a conces-
sion by the maritime Powers to each other's ships of war of
a qualified right of seaich. If this object was generally at-
tained, it is confidentlybeheved that the active exertions of
even a few nations would be suthcient entirely to suppress
the slave tiadc."
Such was the judgment and such the spirit of
the people's representatives, at that period,upon
this important subject. They felt, in the language
of Mr. Calhoun at a later period, that "something
should be done." Again, in 1822, a committee of
the House, raised upon the same subject, made
an able and convincing report, in which, among
other things, they said:
" Hut the conclusion to which your committee has ar-
rived, after consulting all the evidence within their reach,
is, that the Afucan slave trade now prevails to a great ex-
tent, and that its total suppression can never bo effected
by the separate and disunited efforts of one or more States ;
and, as the resolution to which this leport refers lequires
the suggestion of some remedy for the defects, if any exist,
in the system of laws for the suppression of this traffic,
your committee beg leave to call the attention of the House
to the report and accompanying documents, submitted to
the last Congress by the Committee on the Slave Tiade,
and to make the same a part of this report. That report
pioposes, as a remedy for the existing evils of the system,
the concurrence of the United States with one or all the
maritime Powers of Hut ope in a modified and reciprocal
right of search on the African coast, with a view to the total
suppression of the slave trade.
" It is with great delicacy that the committee have ap-
proached this subject, because tney are aware that the rem-
edy which they have presumed to recommend to the con-
sideration of the House requires the exeicise of a power of
another department of this Government, and that objec-
tions to the exercise of this power, in the mode heie pio-
po^od, have hitherto existed m that depaitment.
"Your committee .tie confident, however, that these
objections apply rather to a particular projtosUioa for the
exchange of the right of seaich than to that modification of
it which presents itself to your committee. They contem-
plate the trial and condemnation of such American citizens
as may be found engaged in this forbidden Made, not by
mixed tribunals sitting in a foreign country, but by e\ist'ng
courts of competent jurisdiction in the United States ; they
propose the same disposition of the captured Africans now
authorized by law; and, least of all, their detention m
America.
" They contemplate an exchange of this right which shall
be in all icspeets leeiproeal; an exchange which, deriving
us sole authority fiom treaty, would exclude the pretention
—which no nation, however, has presumed to set up—that
tins right can be derived from the law of nations; and,
fuithcr, they have limited it. in their conception of its appli-
cation, not'only to certain latitudes, and to a certain dis-
tance from the coast of Afnca, but to a small number of
vessels to be employed by each Power, and to be previously
designated. The visit and search, thus restricted, it is be-
iieved, would insure the cooperation of one great maritime
power in the pioposcd exchange, and guard it from the
danger of abuse.
" Your committee cannot doubt that the people of Amer-
ica have the intelligence to distinguish between the right of
searching a neutral on the high seas in time ot war, claimed
by some belligerents, and that mutual, res-tneted, and peace-
ful concession, bv treaty, sucgested bvyoui committee.and
which is demanded in the name of suffering humanity."
The proposition was earnestly and ably sec-
onded by Mr. Monroe. Negotiations were en-
tered upon for the purpose of'secunng the object,
and in March, 1824, a convention between the
United States and the Government of Great Brit-
ain was actually signed, in which, among other
things stipulated for, was " the right of visiting,
