1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
35th Cong...1st Sess.
.Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Fenton.
Ho. of Reps.
capturing, and delivering over for trial, the mer-
chant vessels of the other, engaged in the traffic
of slaves." This right to be administered and
executed " by such commissioned officers of their
respective navies as shall be furnished with in-
structions for executing the laws of their respect-
ive countries against the slave trade.'5
The Senate amended the convention so as to
exclude from its operation the " coasts of Amer-
ica." By reason of this amendment, it failed to
receive the ratification of the English Government,
and so the negotiation failed of its object. The
whole subject has been a fruitful source of pro-
tracted controversy between the two Govern-
ments.
The controversy should be terminated, and
terminated in a way not only compatible with the
honor of both countries, but in the cordial adop-
tion of such mutual and remedial measures as
shall sweep from the seas a system of piracy the
most guilty and stupendous in the annals of hu-
man crime.
The world looks in confident expectation for
the accomplishment of a great purpose, and, in
this attitude of profound anxiety, awaits the vin-
dication of our sincerity, and the faithful redemp-
tion of our pledges.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. E. FENTON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 11, 185S.
After moving to suspend (he rules to enable him to take
up the bill to provide for the final settlement of the claims
of the officers and soldiers of the revo'.utionaiy army—
Mr. FENTON said:
Mr. Speaker: Early in the present session I
referred this bill to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims; and the committee, after a careful ex-
amination of its provisions, with entire unanimity
reported it back, and it was placed on the Calen-
dar of the House. I had expected to reach it in
the regular order, but as that is now impossible,
T have adopted this, the only method, of getting
it before the House for consideration this session;
and while I make an appeal to the friends of the
bill, the friends of the heroes of our revolutionary
struggle, the friends of equity and justice, to aid
in suspending the rules, 1 beg the indulgence of
the House to briefly assign my reasons in favor
of the passage of the bill.
It differs from that of the late distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, Judge Evans,which
passed both Houses of Congress af different ses-
sions, iu this: it allowed the half pay promised
by Congress, from the close of the Revolution to
182G, and deducts the commutation certificates
for five years'full pay, which the officers received,
(although worth at the time one eighth only of
theirapparentvalue,)butdoes not deduct the pen-
sions allowed the survivors by the act of May i
15, 1828; nor does it make any provision for the |
soldiers; whereas my bill allows the half pay from
the close of the war to the date of the officer's
death, and deducts all the Government ever paid
by way of commutation, or as pensions under
the act of 1823. It also grants a quarter section
of land to the surviving children of the soldiers:
in other words, extends to them the benefits of
the act of March 3, 1855, from which they are
excluded by the word "minor," their being no
minor hens of the revolutionary soldiers.
The committee, iu their able report, have sus-
tained the piinciples of this bill in a masterly and
conclusive manner; and I cannot so successfully,
by any argument of my own, make plain to the
House and the country the grout injustice of our
refusal to pass this bill, as by including a portion
of it m my remarks.
The committee say:
'•That, since the Revolution, the claims of the officers
of the continental army fot the half pay for lite, promised
them by vauotis resolutions of the Continental Congress,
have frequently been befote the committees of tins House,
and leeeived their favorable consideration. At the last
Coniriess a repoit was made from the Committee on Rev-
olutionatv Pension?, by Mr Bioom, (see House Report No.
31, fir-t session Thntv-Fourth Congress,) in which the sub-
ject is so fully considered that the committee deem it un-
necessary to enlarge upon the views therein expressed, but
adopt it as a part of their report, to be printed therewith.
From an examination ot'that report, and various other
documents relating to the subject, your committee have ar-
rived at the following conclusions :
u 1. That the resolves of October 91,1780, and other acts
of Congress, promising half pay for hfe to tiie officers of the
Continental army who should serve to the end of the war,
or until the time of their reduction, formed a contract be-
tween the United States and the officers of the Army, in
their individual capacity, at a time when both were free to
make it. founded upon a good and valid consideration.
"2. That the officers fully performed and fulfilled the
contract on their part, and by their services, sacrifices, and
sufFenngs, gained the liberty and independence of the coun-
try.
" 3. That on the performance of said contract, each offi-
cer, as an individual, acquired a vested right of property
therein, of which he could not be divested 'without due pro-
cess of laivj or by his own free and voluntary relinquish-
ment; and any act of Congress impairing or affecting this
right is repugnant to the Constitution and void. Under tins
contiact each officer became entitled fiotn the United States
to half pay, according to the lank he held in the Army fiom
the close of the rcvolutiomuy war, or from the time of lus
dischaige from the service, until the period of his death, to
be paid yearly and every year during that penod ; and for
the performance of such contract on the pait of the United
States the faith of the nation was solemnly pledged. The
committee also find that such officeis were also entitled to
an interest of six per cent, per annum on the yearly pay-
ments, and on the aggregate from the date of the officer's
death to the time of settlement, under the resolution of
Congress passed June 0, 1784, which ptovides ' that an in-
terest of six per cent, shall be allowed to all the creditors
of the United States for supplies funmhcd or services done,
fiom the time that payment became due.' In alluding to
this resolve,Chief Justice Gilchrist, of the Court of Claims,
in a recent decision, says: 'No language could be moie
e.\press or free from doubt than this. The resolution was
pasbcd from a feeling that it was just and right that interest
•should be piid fiom the time the half pav became due, and
it was a voluntary contract on the part of the United Status,
constituting a legal claim against them which no subsequent
legislation could release without the con&cnt of the othci
paity.' The above contract foi half pay, although made
under the Confederation, is equally binding upon Confess,
for by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United
States, section one, 'all deiti contracted or
entered into before the adoption of this Constitution, shall
be as valid against the United States under this Constitution
as under the Confederation.'
" 4. That on the 22d of March, 1783, an attempt to avoid
the above contract and procure satisfaction thereof was
made by Congress, undei an act called the commutation
act, by which it was proposed to commute the above life
annuities for five years' full pay.
" 5. This act was manifestly unjust in compelling indi-
viduals to abide by the decisions of the lines of the Army,
and placing the old and the young on an equal footing. An
officer sixty years of age might well commute his life an-
nuity for ten years'half pay in advance, whnc one of thirty
would have a light, upon the principles which govern life
annuities, to estimate his hie at a much longer period. It
wholly deprived the ofiiceis, as individuals, of the right to
determine whether tlicy would accept or iefu>c, and the
committee Imve not been able to ascertain that The officers,
cithci by lines or as individuals, ever gave their assent to
the commutation. I3ut if, under the piessure of their pov-
erty, (for be it remembeied the Continental money m which
their monthly stipends had been paid was nearly valueless,)
they had assented,£ it cannot be considered as a voluntary
assent, but rather a submission to an uncontrollable and
instant necessity, which admitted of no deliberation or de-
lay.' The resol ve of Congress, an act of the Government,
left them no choice except to abide by the decision of the
lines and coips of the Army. They were entirely within
the power of the Government, and could do nothing which
presented better piospects for themselves.
6. The money was not paid, nor were the securities
beaung an interest of six per cent., such as the act con-
templated , or as the officers expected. The Government
made no provision for the payment of either principal or
interest ot the commutation until lone after the imperious
necessities of the officers compelled them to pait with the
certificates for less than a year's pay. It is tiue. however,
that papei certificates of seiviee'were issued by John
Pierce, paymaster, payable to the officers or boater, for five
years' full pay, and many doubtless leeeived them. They
were woith, at the time of their issue, one eighth of a dol-
lar only; and not until after a period of about ten yeais,
and most of them were in the hands of speculators, weie
they funded and paid by the United States. The loss of
interest alone on the commutation of a captain, ($2,400,)
who lived m 1828, was §'2,536, and so m proportion to other
officers; and this amount the Government saved by the
commutation.—Sec JLnnals of Congress, vol. 4, pait 1, for
1827-23, page 441.
"• The commutation then is cleaily liable to the follow-
ing objections:
" 1. That the commutation was not a valid accord and
satisfaction for the half pay for hfe.
"2. That it was so construed as to take awav the rights
of these officers undei the resolve oi October, 1780.
" 3. Of not being an equivalent for the half pay.
" 4. Of having been effected under cncumstances, and
by the operation of motives, winch deprive it of all obliga-
tory force.
''5. That, according to strict legal construction, the%e
officers did not commute their promised half pay foi life by
accepting the so-called commutation certificates ; they, m
no respect, having been m conformity to the act.
"6. Ofpaitial execution.
«7. The repot ts of Mr. Madison in 1783, Mr. Nelson in
1810, Mr. Johnson in 3818, Mr. Sergeant, December 10,
1819, Mr, Hemphill, January 3,1828, Mr. Burgess, May 8,
1826, and February 11,1828 ; the act of May io, 1828, Sen-
ator Walker's report m 1852, Senator Evans's, February
4, 1854, and Mr. Broom, Apul 4,1856, show a lepeated re-
cognition of the contract on the part of Congress; but no
genctal provision appears to have been made by Congress
for the relief of these officers until the act of May 15,1828,
in which the contract of 1780 is fully recognized. They are
there acknowledged as creditors of the Government, and
not pensioners. That act, however, applies to the few sur-
viving officers only, and made no provision for those who
died before its passage.
" tn the very able report of Mr. Burgess, made February
11, 1828, the comnnttoo say : ' That in their opinion, tho
delivery of those certificates, as well on general principles
as on those which govern courts of law and equity, did not
annul the right of half pay, or exoneiate the Government
from the obligations of the onginal contract. Such of those
officers as had sutvived the war, and continued m the ser-
vice until peace, becarnc seveiallv and individually vested
with a complete tight to the rewaid of half pay lor the resi-
due of their lives. The reward was gallantly won at the
point of the swoid ; it was the price of our independence
puiehased with blood, and seemed by jmblic faith.'
"The committee, therefore, report the bill referred to
them without amendment, and recommend its passage, ft
allows halt pay tor life to the officers from the close ot the
Revolution to the date of their death, deducting therefrom
all sums which have ever been paid to them bv the Gov-
ernment by way of commutation or as pay, under the act
of May 15,1828. For the purpose of cxtcndingptu the &ui-
vivingchildren of the soldiers of the Revolution the benefits
of the act of March 3,18oo, a section has been inserted for
that pui pose. The act referred to was doubtless intended
to embrace their claims, but the word 1 minor' excludes
them, as there arc no 1 minor children' of the Revolution ;
and hence the necessity of furtiier legislation in behalf of
these meutonous claimants. The committee will add that
bills embracing the pimciple contained in the bill herewith
repoited, so far as relates to the officers and their descend-
ants, have passed the Senate and House of Representatives
by huge niajoiities, at different sessions of Congtess."
Strange to say, nearly fifty years ago a bill
similar, but much more liberal in its provisions,
to the bill now before the House, was reported at
a time when all business of the country was de-
pressed, and the Treasury was empty, for this
half pay, and all the committees to whom these
claims have been referred since that time have all
united in the admission that these claims for half
pay were justly due. How could they do other-
wise? History finds that after the war had con-
tinued some fifteen months by enlistments for
short terms, Congress resolved to raise eighty-
eight battalions to serve for the war; and that on
the 16th September, 1776,
(l Resolved, That, in addition to a money bounty of twenty
dollars to each liou-conimi&HOned ofiioei and private sol-
dier, Congress make provision foi granting lands, in the fol-
lowing proportions, to the officers and s-okhou; who shall
engage in the service, and continue therein to the close of
the war, ot until di^chaiged by Congress, and to the repre-
sentatives oi such officer^ and soUhuis shall he shun by
the enemy. Such lands to be provided by the United
States; and whatever expense shall he neees-ary to piocure
such land, the said expense shall he paid and home bv the
States, tn the same ptoportion as the othoi expen&os of the
war, namely : to a colonel, five, hundred acres ; to a lieuten-
ant colonel, four bundled and fifty acres; to a major, four
hundred acres; to a captain,tlneehundied acres ; to a lieu-
tenant, two bundled acres ; to an ensign, one hundred and
fiity acres ; each nori-commissioncd officer and soldier, one
hundred acres."
And Congress afterward was obliged to add the
resolve of May 15, 1778:
s" Resolved, unanimously, That all military officers com-
missioned by Congress, who are now or hcicaftet may be
in the service of the United States, and shall continue
therein during the war, and not hold any office of pioiU
undei tho<e States, or any of them, shall, after the conclu-
sion of the war, be entitled to receive anmiallv foi the. tciru
of seven years, if they live so Ions, one hall of the present
pay of such officers: Provided, That no genera! officer of
the cavalry, aiullciy, or infantiy, *hall he entitled to re-
ceive more than the one half part of the pay of a colonel of
such corps, respectively."
And it should not be forgotten that during this
time the Government was in good credit, and tho
war was being carried on with loan office bills
and certificates; and there had issued up to No-
vember 29, 1779, two hunched million of dolluis,
and a very laige amount of other classes ot Gov-
ernment securities; that the Government soon
aftcrbecamcutterly insolvent, and all the schemes
of the Government to carry on the w.ir by the
aid of loon ofHcos utterly failed; and as euily as
March 18, 1780, Congress was obliged to relin-
quish the hope of redeeming the Government pa-
per, (much of it then being in the hands of the
officers,) and on the 18th of April, 1780, passed
a resolution—
'• That the p'inc:pal o^all cl-j tiiicate.- taken out since the
Itfth ot Mau h. 11^'J, >lnuld b-. di-chai^< d at the iale of one
Span'Mi nniled dnilat, or the emrent e\ehuure thereof in
other money at the tun ; of pa5iaent. for for \ doilaK- ot the
said bills ofciedit secured on loan ; and that the puncipat
of all certificates that should thereafter be taken out, until
