THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGEESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 1858.
Neiv Series No. 161.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I move to strike from that
paragraph the words "$224,443 02, "and to insert
ill lieu thereof, "$149,628 C8."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Q.j$ITMAN. I now submit an amend-
ment, which has not been submitted ta the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but which has met
with the approval of the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Provided, That in the event the President shall not deem
it advisable to call oat one or both of the two regiments of
the volunteers piovicled I'or by law for the Utah and frontier
service, the several sums of money herein appropriated
shall be reduced one thud for each legunent so dispensed
with.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Atmy own
suggestion, I move to add to that the following:
And that none of thn appropnation -.hall be u>cd for any
other service than that heiom designated.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understood the amend-
ment of my friend from Mississippi [Mr. GIdit-
man] as it was read from the Clerk's desk, it does
not accomplish the object he has in view. When
this bill has been passed, and the money stated in
the several provisions appropriated, I would sug-
gest that the better way would be to provide that
in case of the non-calling into service of any one
of the regiments, diie third of these appropriations
shall return into the Treasury. The object the
gentleman has in view is a good and proper one.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 hope the amend-
ment to the amendment will not prevail. Accord-
ing to the law, it cannot possibly boused for any
other purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am told
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means that we should not put this in, because it
cannot possibly, by law, be used in any other way
than in the manner in which it is designed. Tlie
House has a practical illustration of that. It is
certainly no reflection on anybody connected with
the Government or the War Department, for Con-
gress to limit the appropriations to the very ser-
vice for which it is made. Now, sir, 1 say in
contradistinction to the proposition of the gentle-
man at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that if we appropriate this for the regi-
ments which are not to go to Utah, and do not say
that it shall not be used for any other pjipose by
the. War Department, it is within the competcncy
of the War Department, under the existing law,
to take the appropriation and to use it for the reg-
ular troops, 01-for any other military purpose; and
illy amendment is exactly to guard that point—
to let the Department know that we make tins ap-
propriation for those regiments and for no other
purpose.
Mr. HUGHES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky^ It is an
attempt, in the appropriation bill, to limit the au-
thority of the Piesident of the United States over
the Army. By the Constitution of the United
States, he is Commander-in-Chief of the Army.
This House may raise troops, and may appropn-
nte money to pay them; but this House cannot
dictate to the President what regiments he shall
putin the van of any proposed movement, or what
regiments shall remain in garrison. I understand
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
to contemplate that object, and none other.
Mr. MARSHALL, of_Kentucky. It has no
Buch idea, and no such eileet.
Mr. HUGHES. I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky to argue that his amendment w.is
offered with a view to cut off the authority of the
President as to whether he shall put these troops
in o-amson, and send forward regular troops.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Oh, not at
all
That would be the
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES.
effect of it. .
Mr. HUGHES. I have very greatly mistaken
the gentleman's argument if it is not that he is
driving at.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES.
With the consent
of the gentleman from Indiana, I will say that the
efcct would be this: if the Executive were obliged
to withdraw from many of the garrisons on the
frontier the regular troops of the Army, and should
be disposed to order one of these volunteer regi-
ments to man these garrisons until the return of
the regular troops, he could not do so, were this
amendment to prevail.
The amendment, and the amendment to the
amendment, were again read.
Mr. HUGHES. I now assert what I asserted
before, that the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi, and that of the gentleman from
Kentucky, will, if adopted, restrict the payment
of this appropriation, and make it conditional to
the using of tltfrse volunteer regiments in Utah.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. They are
fpr frontier service.
' Mr. HUGHES. I am in favor of the Presi-
dent of the United States sending to Utah any
troops which he may think most efficient. The
state of things in that Territory has been such as
to require a military expedition and the presence
of an armed force there. I cannot state what 1
desire to say, more fully than to quote the lan-
guageof mycolleague [Mr. Colfax] in the early
part of the session, before the gentlemen on that
side of the House discovered that this Utah ex-
pedition was the war of the Executive. My col-
league made use of the following language on the
23d of December last:
" Now there ha^ not boon a more deelaied intent to op-
pose ihu Government of tin: United St.ite  ; but it bus been
actually earned mioefleet. And we are to j ay 1km c whether
a people like tln<, having openly and defiantly and mmlt-
in«ly thrown oil'all allegiance to the General Government;
having rent a me-: ago tluouuh their Legislative Assembly,
to the'Presulent, that they will ha\e such andsueh men as
officers and no otheis ; having thus di^iobed themselves
of then allegiance to the Government, shall tie allowed to
send then i epievent;Ui ves here; with equal lights as to his
fcpcakins, with oin&elves, to occupy a sscat on this door as
om peer, and to dtaw liw salaiv and per diem fiom the
Tie.iaiitv of the Wri'ied Slates ' The matter ha>* been tidied
wan too lon'{ Tins Hnirham Young has been making trea-
sonabie thicats a^ain^t"the Geneial Covei anient liom the
; da>s of tue aiiiniuMi.Uion of Mi. Fillmore to the present
! day; and ho ba^ over and over again declared pubhclv in
' the taee o! the a:>=embS<'d people, that he will be the Gov-
! emor ol Utah, not *0 Ions; a- tlie Government o> the United
J States may sec fit, bur long .v- God says he thai! bo Gov-
! emor, deelanng that he deliver Ins coniiniPtion from God
! instead of'tiom the Pie^dent. flelris gone oil foPtenngie-
! belhon, till it has bioken out m!o open wai. And yet he
| t:end=i. with credentials signed by the ^atne hand which
! penned Ins proclamation of defiance to om Government, a
' repio.-entaffvpheie ; and we a:e not to be allowed, because,
foi.«ooth, there ha-? been no piecedent for it, to have a com-
mittee of inquiry to nsceitam il we cannot purge ourselves
Irorn the pie.-.enee of a Delegate I'lom &uch a Teintoiy ! J
trust the resolution v.ill be adopted."*
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. CLARK 15. COCHRANE. I desire to
know whether the gentleman is in favor of the
President using tins money for any other object
! than that spooled in the bill?
| Mr.lIUUlIES. lam m favor of the President
! using; tin si money to pay those regiments; and
I without an appropu -tion for that purpose, the
! regiments could not bo brought into service at all.
! Rut I am opposed to Congress prescribing to the
: President, or thn mojor-geneml commanding the
| Army of the United'Stales, what corps he blull
! nut in the advance of a column ofatMck.
i * Mr. CLARK l> COCHRAN ID I am not en-
1 tirelysatisfied with that answer. I wont u> know
[ whether the g^ntionnm i.-> in favor of the Presi-
dent Uoiir^ tiiio lnoni-y for objects other than those
specified in the billr
: Mr. HUGHES. T am in favor of the bill, as
: it was reported by the Committee of Ways and
! Means.
I Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Because that
! is the only effect of the amendment of the gentle-
| man from Kentucky.
I Mr. QUITMAN. I will, then,propose to amend
| the amendment, by inserting the words " pro-
' vided that the amount so reduced shall return
' into the Treasury."
i The CHAIR-MAN". The Chair would say
! that the Amendment is not m order.
I Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
: surest to the gentleman fiom Mississippi, that
| after a vote lias been takci: on my amendment,
we shall then come back to his, and it will be
still open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Mississippi, that the rule of
the House does not permit a gentleman to with-
draw an amendment offered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that has
been construed to mean that he shall have no con-
trol over it, not even to modify it; and therefore
a gentleman is not allowed to amend his own
amendment. When an amendment is proposed
in Committee of the Whole, under the rules it
goes out of the possession of the mover, and he
has no control over it.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I now move to amend the
amendment, by inserting immediately before
what has just been adopted, the words:
Provided, That the same shall be returned into the
Treasury.
I offer the amendment simply for the purpose
of explaining to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hughes] that he is entirely mistaken as to the
meaning of the proposition which I have intro-
duced. The object of the Committee on Military
Affairs in offering this amendment is to provide
that, if these regiments are not required, the
money appropriated for them by this bill shall
not be used for any other purpose; but shall re-
turn into the Treasury, under the law, at the
expiration of two years. They did not, however,
desire to intimate that, in the opinion of the
House, the Texas regiment was not required.
They therefore desired to apply the proposed
amendment only to tlie other two regiments. But
how will you distinguish them except by using
the language of the bill by which this force was
authorized to be raised ? That bill provides for
two classes of troops—one class designed for the
protection of Texas, and the other two regiments
to be raised for the service in Utah and on the
frontier. That bill has passed. It is now the law;
and this amendment is intended to be alone ap-
plicable to those regiments designed by the ori-
ginal bill to be used on the frontier and in the
Utah service.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi. I do not
understand that the bill in regard to the three regi-
ments designates any regiment for any particular
service, except the one that is to be applied for
the benefit of Texas. If my recollection is not
actually at fault, there is nothing said about the
use or application of these regiments to Utah, but
they are to be put under the control of the Presi-
dent for the defense of the country; and under that
law, the President may use this force in that way
which is most likely to secure the object, and at
the same time promote the efilcientprosecution of
the eeivice.
Mr. GlUITMAN. Permit me to read the law.
It is a a follows:
c; That for the put pose of quelling disturbances in the Tcr-
rifor</ of 'Utah. tor the piotootK n of supply and emigrant
tram-, and tlie HippiesMon of Indian hostilities on the tron-
ti.'i, the Pie-ideat ol the United States be, and he i« hereby,
a<ithou/,ed to call for and accept the beivices of any num-
ber of voumte<'i«, not to c\ofc*d, in all, two regiment* of
stven hundred and Ibity privates each."
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Mississippi contend that, under that clause of tin;
law, the President is bound to send these regi-
ments to Utah, or that lie is even bound to employ
them for the suppression of Indian hostilities?
that he cannot use them for any other purpose?
that if he shall regard them as better troops to
garrison the forts, and that the regular troops will
be better for Utah and the Indian service, he has
not a right under that lav/ to employ them m that
way ^ Now, I maintain, that under that law, tlis
President is to act in that way which shall be
most likely to accomplish the purpose for which
the regiments are to be raised and placed at his
disposal. .
Mr. QUITMAN. Permit me to say that I
have thought of no such thing. But I point the
161
