500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 11,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Fenton.
Ho. op Reps.
the further order of Congress, be discharged at the same
rate and in the same maimer as those that had been taken
out since the 18th of March, 1780."
Here, then, was the public declaration of the
titter insolvency of the Government, as early as the
18th of March, 1780".
Thus, while the State troops were being paid by
State authorities, the Provincial Government had
neither money nor credit to carry on the war.
These important facts should be kept in view; for
it will be seen that after the war had continued
over five years that, in consequence of the utter
insolvency of the Government, two distinct classes
of currency were established by law. That the
paper of the Government had ceased to be consid-
ered as security, and therefoie the seven years*
half pay contract of October 3,1780, promised the
supernumerary officers, was made payable in specie.
That on the 3d of October, 1780, Congress reor-
ganized the Army, to take effect on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1781, the elfect of which was to throw many
of the officers out of service. They, therefore, at
the same time, adopted the following resolution:
" And whereas, by the foregoing anangement, many de-
serving otHccrs must become supernumerary, anditispioper
that regard he had to them :
" Resolved, That from the time the reform of the Army
takes place, iliey be entitled to half pay for seven years, hi
specie, orother cuirent money equivalent, and also "rants
of land nt the close of the war, agreeably to the resolution
of the 16th of September, 1770."
It will be observed, by the letter of General
Washington, that it became necessary, inasmuch
as there was no funds in the Treasury, to oiler
some strong inducement by pledging the honor of
the nation for some prospective reward, and all
were embraced in the resolve of October 21,1780.
It was at this critical time of the eight years
struggle for liberty, when the hopes of those who
had born its burdens seemed about to terminate
in disappointment and despair, Unit Congress on
the 2]st day of October, 1780, after the repeated
and earnest solicitations of Washington,
*' Resolced, That the Commander m Chief, and com-
manding officer in the southern department, dnecf ihe offi-
cers of each fcStatc to meet and agu-e upon ihe oflireis for
the regiments to be raised by then respective States, from
those who incline to continue m seiviec ; and where it can -
not be done by agreement, to be detetmincd by seuiouiy,
and make icturn ot thot-e who uie to lemum ; which i-. to
be trniiMintted to Congiess, together with ihe names of the
office) s redm ed, who are to he allowed half put) far life.
That the tdiiccts who sdiall continue m the sei vice to the
end of the war shall also be entitled to half pay during lye,
to commence from the time of their reduction/*
This resolution havingembracod those officers
named in that of October 3, 1780, it was simply
supplementary, additional to,and blending of that
contract, and was therefore payable in specie. It
could not have been viewed otherwise, because
the act of the 18th of March and April, and 28th
june, 17d0, fixing the value of ail Government
paper to two and a half dolkus to the hundred,
was in full force and so continued during the
whole period of the old Confederacy. Here, then,
it is admitted that this was a solemn contract, by
which these officers were promised half of their
annual pay during their lives; that this life estate
was, as the committees have always found, a
vested right, and could not be impaired by any
subsequent legislation; that it was a promise to
each officer individually. Was this half-pay con-
tract for life ever paid m specie or otherwise, Uuiing
the period of the old Confederacy ? All agree that
no po)t'ioii of principal or interest was ever paid
during that time nor since as half pay.
But it is sometimes contended that the compu-
tation act, as it is sometimes called, of March 22,
1783, was passed at the request of some of the
officers. Because, as it is alleged m the preamble
of the resolution itself " in order to remove all sub-
ject of dissatisfaction from the minds of their fellow-
citizens, (nut the officers let it be remembered:)
"And whereas, Comzrcs are desitous as well of gi.ttilying
the reasonable exp"ctations of the otheeis of the Aimy as
removing all objections which nriy e\i>t in any part of the
United State/! to the principle of the hatj pay establishment,
for uftu h the faith of the United States hath been pledged;
persuaded that those objections can only ati-o from the
nature of the compensation, not from any indisposition to
compensate those u hose services. saci ificcs, and suffering,
have so ju<t u title to the approbation and rewards of their
count')if: Theioiore,
i'liesolved, That such officers as are now in service, and
shall continue tiieiein to the end of the wai, shall be enti-
tled to receive the amount of five ypard5 full pay in money
or securities on mtero:-t at six per cent, per annum, as Con-
gress shall find most convenient, instead ot the half pay
promised for life by the resolution of the 21st day of Octo-
ber, 1780 ; the said securities to be such as shall be given to
other creditors of the United States: Provided, it be at the
option of the lines of the respective States, and not of offi-
cers, individually, in those lines, to accept or refuse the
same : And provided, also, that their election shall be signi-
fied to Congress, through the Commander-in-Chief, from the
lines under his immediate command, within two months,
and through the commanding officer of the southern army,
from those under his command, within six months from
the date of thw resolution."
This act does not repeal that of the 21st Octo-
ber, 1780, and there are many objections to this
resolve which should be conclusive why it ought
not to have any influence over the half-pay con-
tract.
1. Because it appears by the preamble that the
few officers who petitioned Congress for some act
which should give them a sum in gross for a term
of years did so for the only reason to remove
u dissatisfaction from the minds of their fellow-citi-
zens" to the " half-pay establishment
2. Because, by the terms of the act itself> the
officers were expressly prohibited from expressing
their dissent to the same.
3. Because this resolve was not passed until
after the peace, after the contract had been ful-
filled on the part of the officers.
4. Because it was well krtoxon to Congress, at the
time of the passage of that act, the Government had
no power to comply with any of the conditions
of that act, eitb-r to pay said officers in specie or
give them security. The sending out those com-
mutation certificates, and inducing the officer to
believe that they we.ro to be secured and brought
within the /,mns even of this resolve, was utterly
at vai tanceand ineonsistcntwith,and in violation
of, {Unpledged faith of the American people; and the
officers should not be held to account for only their
legal value, two dollars and a half to the hundred;
this was its true value by law during all the period
of the old Confederacy, Vor some three years after-
wards; and it wax mei <•! y acei tificate of a captain's
J[ rank for only su-tydoliars instead of twenty-four
ji hundred dollais. And tins was the relation of the
officers who held a spec t'-paying contract through
jj ail the old and during the new 'Confederacy up to
jl the 4th of August, 171)0. Even at this late day,
|[ after these cerulictttes had been passed from hand
to hand at their legal value of §2 50 to the hun-
dred, and while out of the hands of the officers,
they are funded on the specie basis of one dollar
to the hundred.
But in order to remove all dauhts in relation to
tile final disposition of these certificates, even by
those who held (hem, and to show that there was
deducted, and never paid to any per<tnn whatever,
in the ratio of a captain higrade, which amounted
on the 1st day of January, 1828, to the sum of
$2,53(i 32, the second section of the funding act
j, of August 4, 1790, authorizes the President to
cause $12,000,000 to be borrowed, pari to pay ar-
■' rents and installments of the foicign debt, and to
i make other contiacts leloting to the foreign debt.
|i The act then proceeds in reation to the domedic
ij debt thus:
j| " Ami whereas it is desirable to adapt the nature of the
!| piovi-ion to be made tor the domestic dcl>t to the present
l! en cnmstdiices of the Untied States, as fat asitshall be found
|! piactieabie, consisti-nlly with good faithnnii the i ight-j ot the
ereditois, wnich can only be done by a i-oluntaiy loan on
their part.'5
The third section then authorizes a loan to be
proposed to the full amount of the " domestic debt,"
by opening books for receiving subscriptions, by a
ij commissioner of loans, to be appointed m each of
j; the States; and that the sums which shall be sub-
scribed thereto bepayable in " certificates," issued
■ for the said debt according to their specie value;
]| which said certificates are designated and described
{! as follows:
j: "1. The 'certificates* issued by the Register of the
ij Treastny.
|l "2. Tno>o issued by the commissioners of loans in the
'' several States, including ' ceruticates' given puisunnt to
,, the act of Concie^s of the 2d January, 1779, tor bills of
'1 credit of the several emissions of the 20th May, 1777, and
■ of the 11 tli Apid, 1778.
!j "3. Those issued by the commissioners for the adjust-
[' ment ot the accounts of the tjim>t^i master, commissary,
jj hospital, clothing; and maune departments.
■' "4. Those issued by the commissioners for the adjust-
ment of accounts in tnc lespccttve State-..
! j *• 5. Tho>e issued by the late and present Paymaster Gen-
eraly or commissioner ofjlrmy accounts.
;j t: 0. Those i.—u.'ct for the payment of interest, commonly
!] called indents of intercut
And the • bilK of ciedit' issued by the authority of
the United States, in Congress assembled, at the rare of *
$100 in the said bills for one dollar in specie."
The fourth section designates and describes the
three new certificates which the subscribers to the
said loans shall be entitled to receive; upon all cer-
tificates bearing interest the same is to be received
up to the last day of December, 1790.
" That for the whole or any part of any sum subscribed
to the said loan, by any person or persons, or body-politic,
which shall be paid m the principal of the said 'domestic
debt, the subscriber or subscribers shall be entitled to a cer-
tificate purporting that the United States owe to the holder
or holders theieof, his, her, or their assigns, a sum to be ex-
piessed therein, equal to two thirds of the sum so paid, bear-
ing an interest of six per centum per annum, payable quarter
yearly, and subject to redemption by payments not e\ceed-
mgin one ycai in amount of puncipal and interest the pro-
poition of eight dollars upon a hundred of the sum men-
tioned in said certificate. a second certificate for one third,
payable as aforesaid, bearing interest after 1800. a third
certificate, for the amount of the interest, bearing an inter-
est at three per centnin peratinum, payable quarter veaily;
provided xt shall not be undei&tood that the United States
shall he bound or obliged to i edeem in the proportion afore-
said ; but it shall be understood only that they have a right
to do so."
Thus the facts find that none of the terms or
conditions of the resolve of March 22, 1783, were
complied with by the old or the new Government,
but repudiated. This five years' full pay, by the
terms of the resolve, was to have been paid in
specie or securities. Thisfiist contract for half pay
being payable in sp'cie, it would have been ex-
changing specie for the depreciated paper of the Gov-
ernment, worth by law only two and a half dol-
lars to the hundred. Such an act might condition-
ally have been considered supplementary to that of
October 21, but that having utterly failed in its
execution, it is not important to show whether
the officers, relying upon thegoodfaith ofthe Gov-
ernment at that time, accepted said certificates or
not. It is certainly true, that if they had been
either specie or secu> ity, it would not have been ne-
cessary for the holders to have funded them at a
loss of over thirty per cent, even on a term of time
requiring about forty years for their liquidation.
And not only so, this Government, it will be seen,
by the funding act reserved the right of paying
even that amount or not. But after these facts have
been found, some may not agree to the construc-
tion of the funding act. I therefore submit the
remaiks of Mr. Tucker, of New Jersey, while
the same contract was being discussed, in passing
the act of May 15,1828. Referring to the records
of the Register's office:
£ki\Ir. TncKKR of New Jersey. Tt is a?eeunined, Mr.
Chairman, that each captain, for his live veais' full pav, re-
ceived a ceitilicate lor >r2,l()U, hcatms uiteiest at my per
i: cent., payable annually, and Mich a certificate Captain i)e-
i j bait leoeived in lieu of ln> half pay for life, which inn eight
; years without pa\ ment of interest, as belore stated, namely,
j | from the l>t of January, 1763, to the ]-a of Januaiy, 1791,
I ■ the interest amounting on the lauei day to $ 1,152 ; making
in Ihe aggregate }$3,:jo2. It will be recollected that in March,
I'JStf, the piescnt Government went into opeiation, and in
tin; year 1790 made provision lor and funded the public
debt.
1 u Well, Mr, how did they provide for the payment of
j Captain Dehait's «£2,4U() principal, and #1,1."32 uite e*t, due
j on the Kt of January, 1791? Why, sir, they gave bun tin ee
: certificates—one for $1,600, being two thuds his principal,
: with interest at six per cent., and one for ,= 800, the other
I thud of his debt, but dcf'cired ten years without interest ;
! and, instead ot paying Ins down, or giving hnn paper
• at six per cent., they gave him a ceitificate foi his $1,132
I nitere>t, icdeemable"at the pleasure of the United Utah's,
1 at tinee per cent. .Let us now examine how this funding
! sytem opeiated :
I l'. Losso! interest on $S00,defcired from M January. 1701,
to l.>t Januaiy, 1801, (ten ve.tr>,) ;u«u\pej cent. 00
I 2. Intcie^ton the above sum itotn the Kt Janu-
| aiv, 1801, to the 1st Januaiy, 1828, (tvventy-
i •--even years,) at sit percent  777 60
| 3. Loi-sof lnfcicst on the .•$.!.1.50 of the three per
' cent., fiom \<t Januarv, 1791, to 1st Januaiy,
I 1^28, (thirty seven years,) at three per cent.. 1.278 72
I Total loss of Captain Dehart, down to this time, $'3 ">36 32
"And, in the same proportion, eveiy othcei's pay or
commutation, according; to. hi- lank.
"The commutation, then. cieaily liable to the follow-
ing objections:
" i. Th.itIhe commutation was not a valid accord and
satisfaction for half pay for hte
"2. That it was construed as to take away the rights
of these officers, under the resolve of October, 1780.
, " 3. Of not being an equivalent for the half pay.
"4. Of having been effected under cncuiri-tancfs, and
bvthe opeiation of motives, winch deprive it of ail obhga-
torv foiee.
" 5. That aeeoidinsto strict legal construction, the-e otri
ccrs did not commute their promised half pay toi life by
accepting the so-called commutation ceitificates; they m
no re-pcet having been m conformity to the act.
v<0. Of partial and defective execution."
