452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
and that the system must soon fall to pieces.
But how long has Mohammedanism lasted ? How
much less reliable is the fanaticism of to-day than
that of ten centuries ago ? What element of this
structure gives signs of impotence or decay?
"What limb of this hale giant is already smitten
with moral paralysis, and gives tokens that its
energies are spent, or even wearied ? Sir, we have
let them alone; and from a contemptible handful,
they have grown into a nation! The citizens of
Illinois and Missouri could eject them without aid;
but now they stand behind a wall of ten thousand
bayonets, and dare you to the encounter. The
unorganized fanaticism of the world gravitates to
Utah, and there it is molded into armies. Eight
tenths at least of these elements are foreign, un-
educated by and unaccustomed to ourinstitutions,
with no love for democracy,and no reverence for
national law; restless masses, impatient of re-
straint, and fraternizing only on the lust of license
and the hope of power.
If it might not be deemed too fanciful, I would
suggest a historical parallel in that of the fanat-
ical Jew who rebelled against the Roman power,
and brought Titus Vespasian to raze his city and
temple, and level with the dust every vestige of
his power, and every monument of his ancestral
glory—a rebellion in which the fanaticism of
religious and military sentiments were equally
brought into combination. Sir, this is not a re-
ligious war—a persecution for conscience sake,
any more than was that. As well may the Thugs
of India protest their religious principles in justi-
fication of assassination ! Suppose the devotees
in Utah adopt treason as an item of their reli-
gious creed: will such a baptism give them immu-
nity for conscience sake? By no means.
but gentlemen fear the great cost of this war!
They look round upon an empty Treasury and an
accumulating debt; upon §6,000,000 unpaid for
the Oregon war; upon unknown sums for the Cal-
ifornia campaign, to be ascertained and adjusted!
They look upon commerce prostrate, manufactur-
ing industry paralyzed, and the avenues of busi-
" ness closed by symptoms of derangement and
distrust; our sources of national income dimin-
ished by decreasing imports, and by limited sales
of the public lands. They see a system of waste-
ful expenditure organized in every governmental
department; they discover that #100,000,000 per
annum will be needed to keep us from bankruptcy ;
and they arc appalled nt the prospect, of running
the State into financial ruin, by an expensive in-
testine war!
I admit the truthfulness of the picture, in all its
aggravations. .But some matters are above money;
there are crises in the life of a nation, when, what-
ever her financial burdens, she must incur heavier;
when her integrity and honor, her prestige, her
existence, are all at stake; when to calculate is
folly, to hesitate is to perish. Did General Wash-
ington hesitate and temporize and count the cost,
when a part of Pennsylvania rebelled on the
whisky tax? No, sir; he sent fifteen thousand
men into the field, and this promptitude, energy,
manliness, itself quelled the storm, without shed-
ding a drop of blood ? The Saints of Utah may
be as wise as the whisky dealers of the land of
Penn,if they find the Government are equally in
earnest. If they choose to risk a battle, 1 trust it
will be such a battle as has not been seen on this
continent—overwhelming, decisive, complete;
such as our brave Army will fight, even if fanat-
icism provokes to feats of superhuman valor.
Let those who must bear the responsibility of
the war determine mainly how it shall bo waged,
and what shall be the amount and character of
its appointments—whether the additional force
shall be that of volunteers, to which opinion I
incline, or an increase of the regular Army—
■whether it shall approach from the east or the
west—whether it shall employ horse or foot.
But let them not have it to say to the nation that
a formidable rebellion has ripened, and is rioting
unchecked among us, and we refuse the agencies
to counteract or destroy it. I hope this may not
become a party question—a shuttlecock for polit-
ical partisanship to hurl to and fro. Let us deal
with it as if we felt a common danger, and were
only anxious to cope with and overthrow it.
While I leave myself free to vote as I shall deem
best upon all details, I stand committed, for one,
to give my voice and vote to stay the march of
this prairie fire; to fight it out at once, before it
involves our homes and ourselves in the ruin of
its spreading conflagration.
Mr. SHA W, of Illinois, obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Davis, of Indiana, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had'the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 202) to appropriate money to supply de-
ficiencies for the paper, printing, binding, and
engraving, ordered by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congresses, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
VACANCY ON A SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Gooch on the special committee to
investigate the official conduct and accounts of the
late Doorkeeper of the House, in place of Mr.
Dawes, excused.
OHIO CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee of Elections, made a report in the case of the
contested election from the third congressional
district of Ohio, accompanied with the following
resolution:
Raolvcd, That it is inexpedient to allow fuithcr time to
take testimony in this case, as asked for by the sitting mem-
ber.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I simply ask that
the report and the accompanying papers be print-
ed, and I will call it up when members shall have
had an opportunity to examine it.
Mr GILMER, from the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections, submitted a minority report,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That Lewis D. Campbell and Clement L. Val-
landigham be, and they arc hereby, allowed the lurther
time of fotty days fiom the passage of this order, to take
supplementaiy evidence touching the matter set forth in the
memotial of Clement L. Yallamiighani.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The facts upon
which these reports, majority and minority, are
founded, are set forth in the papers which I have
presented. I simply desire that these reports and
accompanying papers shall be laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed. After members shall
have an opportunity to look into them, I shall
call tlie resolution up for action.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is it under-
stood that the minority report shall be printed?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is.
The reports, with the accompanying papers,
were laid upon the table,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 submit the
following resolution:
2?rvo/rc<7, Tnat Clement L. Vallandigham have leave to
occupy a seat upon the tioor of this House, pending thedis-
cuwon ot the lepoit of the Committee of K!cetion> on the
e.we of hU eontest for the seat nowoeenpied by Lewis I).
Campbell, fiom the thud congiessional distiiet of the State
ot Ohio, and that he have leave to r-peak to the merits of said
content, and the repott thereon.
This is the usual resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to present a
brief report from the Committtee of Elections in
the Nebraska case, accompanied by a resolution.
I ask that it be read.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee of Election1-, to whom was leferred the
memonal of Dud B. Chapman, contesting the uglii to a seat
in the House of Representative^ of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
fess of [Ion. Fennei Fetguson, as Delegate fiom the Ter-
ritoiy of Nelna<.ka, le&peetmlly report that, trom the evi-
dence before the eonuinttee, theie <?eems to have been a
misapprehension of the parties m relation to the notices
seived heretofote for the rilunc of testimony, and the com-
mittee think that fuitUci time should be allowed the parties
to peifecf the ptoofm the ease. They therefore recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That the parties, tiic contestant and contestee,
xn this case, be allowed the further time of sixty days from
the passage of thH resolution to take and return "supple-
mental testimony.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have just been in-
formed by one of my colleagues on the Commit-
tee of Elections, that Mr. Chapman desires to be
heard on tnat resolution before there is any action
I taken upon it. I therefore beg leave to withdraw
the resolution. I was not apprised of the fact at
the time of its presentation.
The report was withdrawn.
INTERRUPTION OF THE TRANSIT ROUTE.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to offer a resolution
for the purpose of obtaining some information
from the President of the United States upon a
subject which will shortly come before us.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not deemed in-
compatible with the public interests—
I All correspondence, which has not heretofore been
published, of our late Minister to Nicaragua on the subject
of the interruption of the transit route through Nicaragua,
and the murder of American citizens on the 13th October,
1856.
2. The correspondence between British officers and the
Costa Rican authorities, which was intercepted on the river
San Juan, by officers of Nicaragua, and forwarded to the
State Depaitmeut by our Minister, in explanation of the
incentives to the war on this line of communication to the
Pacific.
3. All information in possession of the Government re-
specting the subsequent attack of the Costa Iticans, in
April, 18ot>, on the depot and wharf of the American Tran-
sit Company, at Virgin Bay, and whether any atonement
has been made or demanded for the wanton destruction of
American piopeity, and the slaughter of our citizens on
that occasion.
4. All couespondenee and information in possession of
the Government lclative to the seizure by the forces of
Co;-ta Rica, in December, 18.)!), of the Tiansit Company,
on the San Juan river and elsewhere m Nicaragua,wheiebv
the transit route across this isthmus was btokenup; and
whether any steps have been taken to restore communica-
tion over said route.
Mr. BLISS. I do not know that 1 have any ob-
jection to the resolution; but I wish to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Mississippi, in or-
der to know whether I have or not. There is one
branch of the resolution which, if I understand it,
calls for certain stolen correspondence between
Great Britain and Costa Rica—correspondence
that was stolen by Mr. Walker or by some of
his followers, and sent to this country. Is that so ?
Mr. QUITMAN. The resolution calls for cor-
respondence sent to this Government by the Amer-
ican Minister at that time near the Republic of
Nicaragua, on the subject of the interruption of
the transit route—a subject of deep interest to us.
It is very necessary that the information should
be before the House in connection with some por-
tions of the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. BLISS. It seems, then, that my inquiry is
either acquiesced in or evaded, and I must object
to the resolution. _
INSPECTION DISTRICT AT PADUCAH.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, and
in putsuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
providing for the establishment of an inspection
district at Paducah in the State of Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA.
Mr. R1CAUD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to introduce a bill of
which pievious notice has been given for refer-
ence only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at eighteen min-
utes after four o'clock.) I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. RICAUD. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, until I can get my bill in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a bad thing
to legislate after we come out of committee.
Mr. RICAUD. 1 have been trying to get this
bill in for several days.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Weil, sir, I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. RICAUD then by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, making appropriations to improve
the navigation of the Susquehanna river; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PLYMOUTH HARBOR, MASSACHUSETTS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 20th instant,
transmitting the report of the officer in charge of
the engineer department, with inclosure, furnish-
ing the estimate for the repair of the works in
Plymouth harbor, Massachusetts, and for the
preservation of the same; which was referred u>
