2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
gentleman to the Jawwhich he stated did not con-
tain the word " Utah."
Mr. LETCHER. Then I stand corrected upon
that point. But, what is the meaning of this
amendment which is proposed here, and which
does restrict.them to Utah and to the frontier?
Now, if my construction of the law be right, then
it strikes me that the amendment must be palpa-
bly wrong.
Ml-. CURTIS. I would say to the gentlemen
that these regiments are restricted to the Utah ser-
vice, and the defense of the frontier. They could
not be brought into the interior, for Kansas or
any other service of that sort.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know if
Kansas is not on the frontier? And, if Kansas is
on the frontier,the President has the right to order,
the volunteers there, if he sees fit. It would be
an anomaly in legislation, when these volunteers
are placed in charge of the President, if this House
should undertake to prescribe that he shall not use
the regular troops for a particular service, al-
though they may be found more effective for that
service.
And now, sir, in reference to the gentleman's
remarks about the power of the President to make
war. This House has this morning authorized
the President in his discretion to make war
upon Paraguay; and yet it seems they cannot trust
these three regiments to his discretion without
putting in a provision in this appropriation bill
saying how the money shall be used.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Theamendment, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the following amend-
ment, to cdme in at the end of the bill:
Provided, Tliat nothing in tins act, or in The act author-
izing tluee additional regiments for the Anny, shall be con-
strued to limit the authority or (Inaction of the Piesuient
m assigning tile said regiments to dntv.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if it be true, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marsh am.] has said,
and as the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
GUmtman] has said, that the object of the amend-
ments proposed by these gentlemen is, not to limit
or restrict the constitutional authority of the Pres-
ident of the United States over the Army, there
can be no objection to the amendment I have pro-
posed, which simply declares that nothing in this
act, or in the act raising throe additional regiments
in the Army, passed by this Congress, shall be
so construed as to limit the authority or discre-
tion of the President of the United Slates in as-
signing these regiments to duty; and unless there
is an objection to his exercising his ordinary con-
stitutional power; unless it is the object to say
where those regiments shall go or—which seems
to mo to be the purpose of gentlemen in offering
the amendment—to say where they shall not go,
I apprehend that the amendment I have proposed
will pass unanimously; but if it is the object of
gentlemen to restrict the power of the President
in this exercise of his constitutional functions, I
want gentlemen to avow their purpose and to dis-
close their position. I want it to be put on record
in some unmistakable form.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, for the reason that it can produce no effect
in the world. - The President has a constitutional
right in regard to the disposition of the Army;
and any attempt, upon the part of this House to
limit that right would be void; therefore, it is no
use for us to declare that there is nothing in this
act contained which we intend shall be construed
to limit the right of the President to control the
Army.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask linn one question ? If this declaratory pro-
vision is practically a redundance, if it is simply
affirming what is in the Constitution of the United
States, it can certainly do no harm; and what ob-
jection has the gentleman, therefore, to the adop-
tion of the amendment?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My objec-
tion is, that there is no necessity for it; that it is
simply a declaration that we do not intend to do
what we have no right to do; and I object to itfor
the further reason that there seems to be some
mistake upon the part of my friend from Indiana,
and his amendment might mislead the Presideqt.
The law authorizing the use of these volunteer
troops authorized them for a specific purpose;
but, if I understand the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana, the law may be construed to mean
that, notwithstanding those troops were raised
for the frontier service, it is within the compe-
tency of the President to send them anywhere. I
suppose the gentleman would hold that the Pres-
ident would have the right, under the law raising
these volunteers for frontier service, to throw a
noose around them, and send them off to Para-
guay. Now, sir, I am not disposed to indicate
the propriety of sueh a course to the President
for the disposition of these volunteers, whether
they are raised in the East or in the West.
Mr. HUGHES. I understood the gentleman
to oppose my amendment on the ground that it
would amount to nothing.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My amend-
ment attaches to nothing but the money, and I do
not want the money to be paid out for any other
purpose than that intended by the law. That was
the only object of my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order; but he is at
the same time of opinion that the question raised
by the gentleman comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
I hope the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GROESBECK. I move to amend by add-
ing the following proviso, to come in at the end
of line thirty-one:
Provided, That if it shall be determined that the two regi-
ments not raised for the State of Texas shall be mounted,
the Secretary of the Treasuiy shall furnish the horse equip-
ments ; and the sum of $60,000 is appropriated foi that
purpose : .dud provided further, That he shall purchase the
hoises for said two regiments ; and for that purpose shall
use the fund to winch such regiments are entitled for the
use and rr-k ot horses, to wit: forty cents per day for each
I lot bO ; and so much of the act approved April 7,18 58, as is
ineoubif-tent herewith, is repealed.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is certainly not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly a
hill (II. It. No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill- j
jng treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30,1858; and also a bill !
(11. R. No. 56'1) making appropriations for the
support of three regiments of volunteers, author-
ized by the act of Congress approved 7th April, I
1858; and had directed him to report the same j
back to the House, with sundry amendments. j
MESSACE FROM THE PRESIDENT. j
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand that an import- i
ant message has been received from the President !
relative to the outrages of British cruisers upon ■
American shipping in the Gulf; and I propose |
that it be taken up, and referred to the Committee ;
on Foreign Affairs.
There was no objection. i
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a ,
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in answer to the resolution of the ;
House of Representatives of the 17th instant re-
questing information relative to attacks upon Uni-
ted States vessels in the Gulf of Mexico and on i
the coast of Cuba, a report from the Secretary of
State; which was referred to the Committee on i
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill (No. 41) to locate certain !
confirmed land titles in the State of Missouri, and j
for other purposes, was referred to a Committee ,
of the Whole House. I only ask that the motion
shall be entered, intending to call it up for action '
hereafter.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to recom-
mit the bills just reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and I call for the pre-
vious question
Mr. GARNETT. I move that we adjourn. I
think that we have done business enough for one
day.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I only propose that
we shall go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for general debate; and if
the gentleman will withdraw his motion to ad-
journ, I will submit that motion.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a statement
personal to myself. When the qupsjjon was up
this morning on the adoption of the Paraguay res-
olutions, I was absent, attending to the business
of the Committee of Elections. If I had been
present when my name was called, I would have
voted in the negative.
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
Mr. GROESBECK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill (No.287)forthe relief of Sherlock
& Shirley, for reference to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection.
The bill was taken up, read a first and. second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that all the bills upon
the Speaker's table be taken up and referred. It
may be that some of them will be acted on at this
session.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONESj. I insist on my mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, I
move that the committee take up House bill (No.
582) to authorize a loan not exceeding the sum of
815,000.000. It is the understanding that the bill
shall be open this evening for general debate, and
that no votes shall be taken.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, obtained the
floor.
Mr. COMINS. I trust that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will agree that I shall, in the morn-
ing, move for the reconsideration of the light-
house appropriation bill before this loan bill is
considered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Oh, no;
there is the river and harbor appropriation bill,
that ought to be acted on too.
A general debate then ensued, in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, m
which Messrs. WRIGHT of Georgia, SHAW
of North Carolina, GILMER, HAWKINS,
STEVENS of Washington, W1NSLOW, AN-
DREWS, HATCH, GOODWIN, LE1TER,
SMITH of Virginia, and COX, participated.
[TheSe speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
At the close of the debate,
Mr. COX moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wxnslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according fo order, had the state of
the Union generally, under consideration, and
particularly a bill (S. No. 39G) to authorize a
loan not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at
eleven o'clock and thirty-five minutes,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 1, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. R. F. Bittikoer.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
John Gardner, agent of the American Timber
Bending Company, prayinir that a commission,
to he composed of naval officers and naval con-
structors, may be appointed to examine Bianch-
ard's patent for bending timber for ships' knees,
and if approved, that the Secretary of the Navy
