1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
instrument for the Americanization of these be-
nighted regions! I will not recapitulate his vari-
ous atrocities. Suffice it to say, that he, who was
at'first hailed as a deliverer by a portion of the
people of Nicaragua, was soon regarded by its en-
tire population with detestation; whilst having,
by his own folly, cut off all available sources of
support from the United States, he was but too
happy to secure his own safety, and that of the
miserable remnant of his followers, under the flag
of the country whose citizenship he had repudi-
ated. We have the most conclusive evidence of
not only the universal horror in which Walker
himself, but also of the appalling dread in which
his very name is held by the whole population
of Central America. This evidence we lind am-
ply revealed in the fact that the internecine war,
between Costa Rica and Nicaragua, which had
been waged with so much bitterness for the last
two years, was immediately brought to a close by
his advent on their shores, and all their differ-
ences adjusted by a treaty of boundary and alli-
ance; and yet this man claims to be their libera-
tor and regenerator 1
As a soldier I believe that those who have served
with him, and I have seen and conversed with
many of them, claim for him no other qualities
than personal bravery. This is the almost uni-
versal attribute of our people; its absence is the
very rare exception to a general rule; but in the
higher acceptation of soldiership, foresight, com-
bination, distribution, and care of his troops, he
had with him many superiors. In times of diffi-
culty and danger,all looked to Henningsen for the
head to plan, while Walker was only the hand to
execute. So soon as his escape was effected,, with
the duplicity and heartlessness that has character-
ized all his actions, he assumes the tone of injured
innocence, and reviles the man who had rescued
him from certain captivity, and probably from an
ignominious death. We have no authentic record
of the number of American citizens who perished
by the sword, disease,and famine, in this second
expedition; but I have seen it estimated atbet ween
two and three thousand. If one may behevehis
boasts, thrice that number of Central Americans
maybe counted as his victims. No sooner has
he set foot on his native land than he renews his
machinations; butm the hope of lulling the vigil-
ance of the national authorities, on the 29th day
of September, 1857, he addresses to the Secretary
of State a letter, of which I will read the conclud-
ing portion:
" So far as any violation, on my part, of the acts of Con-
gress is concerned, I deny the charge with scot n and indig-
nation. Having been received in the United State*, when
foieed for a tune to leave Nicaragua, {have, in all respects,
been obedient to its laws. And permit me to assuie you
that I shall not so far forgot my dutv as an officer of Nica-
ragua as to violate the law? of the United States while en-
joying the rites of hospitality within its limits."
I do not choose to stamp this declaration with
the only epithet it deserves; but it is entirely in
keeping with the assertion contained in his letter
of 30th November to Commodore Paulding, that
he was " engaged in what your Government ad-
mits to be a lawful undertaking." Immediately
after *ving this solemn assurance to the Secie-
tary of State, he proceeded to New Orleans and
there commenced his preparations for his third
expedition. I can add nothing to the lucid ex-
position of this part of the case by the Senator
from Maryland. The publication in the New
Orleans papers the day after his departure of the
names and rank of his officers and of the objects of
his expedition; the false invoices and manifest of
the lading of the Fashion; his detachmentof fifty
men at the mouth of the Coioradoforthecapture,
by that detachment, of Port Castillo; the imme-
diate establishment of his camp on his landing at
Punta Arenas; the arms,ammunition, and stores
found there; the assumption of the pompous title
of commander-in-chief of the army of Nicaragua,
forgetting, for the moment, the pretension,which
he has since renewed, of being the lawful Presi-
dent of that Republic;all show so conclusively the
object and character of his expedition, that it
were an idle waste of words to dwell upon them.
But we are not left to mere inference or news-
paper statements to establish the fact of a mili-
tary expedition having been set on foot within
the territory and jurisdiction of the United States,
and of its having been earned on under the flag
of the United States. Anderson and his men hav-
ing abandoned Fort Castillo, surrendered them-
selves to our squadron, and were conveyed to
Key West in the flag ship. Eight or ten of the
men who were there examined as witnesses, de-
clared that they were enlisted at New Orleans to
serve under Walker, that they all understood that
there was to be some fighting, that all their ex-
penses were paid from the time of their enlistment
until they were put on board of the Fashion, in
Mobile bay, that after they had been at sea three
or four days, a battalion of four companies, com-
posed of about forty men each, was formed, with
captains, lieutenants, and sergeants, and from that
time the roll was regularly called, morning and
evening, and rifles and bayonets, taken from the
hold of the steamer, were distributed. The United
States district judge, before whom the men were
examined, thought it unnecessary to inquire into
the question of jurisdiction as to what had oc-
curred on the high seas, as there was sufficient tes-
timony to show the setting on foot of a military
expedition at New Orleans, and directed them to
beconveyed thither for trial. 1 shall,in the course
of my argument, show that m the absence of all
proof of a violation of the statute at NewOrleans
or Mobile bay, the organization on the high seas,
on board of a vessel carrying the American flag,
was within the jurisdiction of the United States.
I concur entnely with that portion of the re-
port of the Committee on Foreign Relations which
sustains the views of the President in his mes-
sage of 7th of .Tanuaiv, of his rights and duties
under the act of 20ih April, 1818, and asserts the
legality of the instructions given to Commodore
Paulding and Lieutenant Almy; but 1 go further,
and maintain that the power to seize the Fashion
and arrest Walker was not confined to the high
seas, but might be lawfully exercised in the waters
of ]N icaragua; and this position is, 1 think, e«Si-n-
tjal to the full vindication of the coursc of the
Executive. Captain Chatard was deprived of his
command for having failed to prevent the landing
of Walker, who passed dfider the stern of the
Saratoga, while that ship was at anchor in the har-
bor of San Juan, Pauidmg is declared to have
committed a grave error in having captured him
on the soil of Nicaragua. Something has been
said of the inconsistency of censuring Chatard l'or
having done too lit tie, and Paulding for having
done too much. 1 can sec no ground for the charge;
while I am free to confers that 1 think the Presi-
dent's language too exculpatory of Paulding, and
would have preferred to see him at once directing
his recall. Although [ have a good opinion of his
ability and efficiency as an officer, under ordinary
circumstances, he has shown himself unequal to
the delicate and responsible duties of his late com-
mand. I say his late command; for I understand
that he, having been ordered home, has been re- i
lieved by Commodore Mcintosh.
I will now proceed to show, as I hope, conclu-
sively, that the Fashion might have been lawful-
ly seized by Captain Chatard, and earned, with
\Yalkeraml his aimed followers, to Mobile. She
sailed from Mobile with American papers, and
under the American flag, on an illicit voyage.
The public and private vessels of the United States
carry their nationality with them wherever they
go; they carry with them also their jurisdiction;
and many of the most esteemed writers on na-
tional law consider them as an extension of the
territory. Azum says:
" Finding that the vomtnandcis of armed vessels exeicise
the right* ot sovereignty, even to the infliction of the pen-
alty of death, m the portend harboisofanothersovoreign,
many authors Ilubner among thfm, maintain that these
vessels aic to be con^ideied foieign tenitory "
The penalty of death, under the sentence of
courts-martial, held on board of our ships of war
in foreign ports, has, I believe, been more than
once inflicted in those ports; and I doubt notthat
the Senator from Texas will recollect that, in the
waters of the United States, and, if I mistake
not, in the river Mississippi, several men were j
hanged on board of a Texan ship-of-war. The j
maritime high court of France, m the case of the I
Sardinian steam-packet Carlo Alberto, August G, ■
1832, held that44 the fkg of the sovereign is the j
sign of the nationality of a vessel; and, by the law j,
of nations, it carries with itself its nationality and ,
its sovereignty. Every vessel, therefore, saving ,
under the lawful authorityofa Power is reputed J
to be a continuation of the territory of that Pow-
er." And m a supplementary decision in the same
case, September 7, 1832, the court further held h
that " a vessel is a portioh of the territory of the
sovereign whose flag it bears." " The command-
ers of public armed vessels, *' says one of the best
approved authorities on this head," have a super-
visory right over the merchant vessels riding in
j those ports where they themselves cast anchor."
j (-De Ratjnevul, Dioits dz la Nature et des Gens.)
j The jurisdiction of a nation over its public ves-
i sels, even in foreign ports, is absolute and unqual-
ified; over its private vessels, the extent to which
it may be exercised is not so well defined. The
true principle seems to be, that in everything not
interfering with the public interests or the rights
ot individual citizens or denizens of the nation in
whose ports she may be, the jurisdiction is com-
plete, and generally exclusive. This was held by
the French Council o«f State, in 1806, in two cases.
I quote from Wheaton, page 155:
u The first case was that of the American merchant ves-
sel, the Newton, in the port of Antwerp, when the Ameri-
can consul and the local authorities both claimed exclusive
jurisdiction over an assault commuted by one of the sea-
men belonging to tne crew against another, in the vet-sel's
boat The. second was that of another- Amenean vessel,
the Sally, in the port of Maiscilles, where exclusive jmis
diction was claimed both by the local tribunals and by the
Amcucan consul, as to a severe wound inflicted by the male
on oneofihe seamen, m the alleged exercise of discipline
over the crew. The Council of State pronounced against
the jurisdiction of the local tribunals, and authoutiesin both
cases, and assigned the following reasons for its decisions:
u 'Considering that a neutral vessel cannot be indefinitely
regatded as a ncutial place, and that the piotection granted
to huch vessels in the French ports cannot oust the tcruto-
nal jurisdiction, *o far as respects the public interests of the
State; that, consequently, a neutral vessel admitted into
the pom of the State is rightfully subject to the laws of the
police of that place whore «he is received; that her officers
and crew aic also amenable to the tiibunalsofthe country
for oflunsoaud toils committed by them, even on board the
\c-i3ol, j'ijauist other persons than those belonging to the
same, as well as for civil contacts made with them; but
that, in ic.ipect to otVonsc? and torts committed on board
the vessel, by one of the officers and crew against another,
the i i£tiit> oftheiieulral Powerouaht to be respected, as ex-
clusively concerning the internal discipline of the vea&e!, in
winch the local authorities ought not to mterfcie, unless
then protection is demanded, or the peace and tranquillity
of the pon i.s dMuibed , the Council of State is ot opinion
that this distinction, indicated in the report of the Giand
Judge, Minister of Justice, and conformable to usage, is the
onlyiule proper to be adopted inrrespect to this matter;
and applying tins doctrine to the specific cases in which the
coiisuKof the United States have claimed jurisdiction; con-
sidering that one of these cases was that of an assault com-
mitted m the boat of the American ship Newton, by one of
the crew upon another, and the other case was that of a
severe wound inflicted by the male of the Amejican ship
Sally, upon one of the seamen, for having made use of the
bo.it without leave; is of opinion that the juiibdtction
claimed by the American consul* ought to be allowed, and
the Ficnch tribunals prohibited fiom taking cognizance of
the.se eases.5"
But we have, by our own statutes, an express
recognition of the principle for which I contend.
The African slave trade never was considered, and
it is not now considered, contrary to the law of
nations. It was not only tolerated, but also en-
couraged, by the whole civilized world, until ex-
pressly prohibited by several nations to its own
citizens; and when now carried on, under any
flag, the ships of war of other nations can only
interfere with it by authority of express treaty
stipulations. Our first prohibitory act, passed
! 22d March, 1794, only applied to the traffic to for-
' eign countries. The fourth section of the amend-
atory act of 4th January, 1804, declares that it
shall be lawful for any of the commissioned ves-
sels of the United States to seize and take any ves-
sels engaged m carrying on business or traffic con-
trary to the true intent and meaning of the act, and
to apprehend and convey every peison found on
board of such vessel, being of the ofliceis and crew
thereof, to the civil authority in some one of the dis-
tricts thereof, to be proceeded against m duo course
of law. Hero theie is no limitation of place of seiz-
ure. The act of 3d March, 1819, authorizes the
President, " whenever he shall deem it expedient,
to cause any of the armed vessels of the United
States to be employed to cruise on any of the coasts
of the United States or territories thereof, or of the
coast of Africa, or elsewhere, when he may judge
attempts nitty be made to cany on the slave trade
by citizens or residents; and to instiuct and direct
the commanders of all armed vessels of the United
States to seize, take, and bring into any port of the
United States, all ships or vessels of the United
States, wheresoever found, engaged in the slave
trade; and to cause to be apprehended and taken
into custody every person found on board, being
of the officers or crew thereof, and convey them
to the civil authorities of the United States, to bo
