1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOUSTON, (at
twenty-three minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned till to-morrow "at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 28, 3858.
Prayer by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
estimates for appropriations to pay volunteers
serving in Florida; which, on motion of Mr.
Davis, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, the report of Cap-
tain J. C. Woodruff, of the topographical engi-
neers, of a survey or examination of the Potomac
river in the vicinity of Washington city, accom-
panied by a chart thereof; which, on motion by
Mr. Hamlin, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. A motion of Mr. Seward that the
report be printed andtthe accompanying map en-
graved, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with aresolution ofthe Senate, a state-
ment showing the amount of revenue collected in
each collection district for each year from 1852 to
]857, inclusive, the amount expended, and the
number of persons employed m each district in
its collection for each of those years; which, on
motion of Mr. Wilsox, was ordered to lie on the
table; and a motion by him to print it, was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
letter of the Secretary of State, in response to a
resolution of the Senate calling for information in
regard to contracts made in Europe for inland pas-
sage tickets for intending emigrants to the United
States; which, with the documents by which it
"was accompanied, on motion of Mr. King, was
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by him
to print it, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of Gr. W.
Lippitt, praying for compensation for diplomatic
services while United States consul at Vienna;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also presented the memorial of Daniel J.
Browne, of the agricultural division of the Patent
Office, praying for compensation for extra services,
and for an increase of his salary; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Geoige M. Weston, commissioner of the State
of Maine, praying for the reimbursement of ex-
penditures by that State, in defending the terri-
tory in dispute between the United States and-
Great Britain prior to the treaty of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee appointed at a special meeting of the Prov-
ident Association of Clerks of the city of Wash-
ington, praying for the enactment of a law to
authorize the association to wind up its affairs;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown, praying for an appropria-
tion to complete the election of lamp posts in that
town; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of 0. H.
Browne, praying for indemnity for depredations
in Kansas, committed by marauders during the
political excitement in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
_ Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of commis-
sioners appointed by an act of the Legislature of
the State of New York, to erect and take charge
of the arsenals and armories in the State, pray-
ing that the United States arsenal at Rome, New
York, may be ceded to the State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of under-
writers of Philadelphia, praying that a steam
revenue cutter may be built at that place, and
stationed in the Delaware Bay and on the coast
adjacent thereto; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. KING. I desire to present a petition from
the masters of steamers and sailing vessels and
ship-owners at Buffalo, Chicago, and other ports
on the lakes, asking that a law may be passed
establishing regulations for lights to be carried by
sailing vessels. They allege that the law now
regulating the carrying of lights by steamers in
the nighttime answers a good purpose; but there
is no law regulating the carrying of lights by sail-
ing vessels of the United States; that the Provin-
cial Government of Canada has recently estab-
lished a good system for their ships and vessels,
and the petitioners desire that one may be estab-
lished similar to it, by a law of the United States,
for our vessels. I move that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Florida, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Mellonville to Bay Port, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Chaire-i, executor
of Benjamin Chance, d'N'ea<ed, and Gad Humphreyf, and
Pedio Mnanda, on the files ot the sienate, he icturred lothe
Committee ori Pnvatc Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Nathaniel Champe, in behalf of the heirs
of John Champe, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of
Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgom-
ery, reported it, with an amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed. I
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam C. Fowler and others, praying to be allowed
bounty land for services in the last war with Great
Britain; and two petitions of citizens of New
York, praying that the public lands may be laid
out in farms or lots of limited size for the free and
exclusive use of settlers not possessed of other
lands, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
Wds referred the petition of H. W. Ben ham, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
100) releasing to the legal representatives of John
McNeil, deceased, the title of the United States
to'a certain tract of land. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 47) confirming the
location of land warrants under certain circum-
stances, reported it with an"amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Agatha O'Brien, widow of J. P. J.
O'Brien, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 101) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien,
late of the United States Army. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Phenix,jr.,
submitted a report aocompamcd by a bill (S.No.
109) for his relief. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of S.
De Visser & Co., reported a bill (S. No. 103) for
therehefof Simon De Visser and Jose Villarubia,
of New Orleans; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. j
TAMPICO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
petition of S. W. Aldrick and other officers of the
Tampico mounted rangers, and the memorial of
Lewis Morris, reported a resolution that the
prayer of the petitioners and the memorialist be
rejected; and asked for the present consideration
of the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it about ?
Mr. DAVIS. The petition asks us to compen-
sate some persons who were mustered-into the
service, or irregularly called into the service, at
Tampico. The object is to make a report which,
if adopted by the Senate, will dispose of the sub-
ject. The report is adverse.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read it as follows:
It appears that during the war with Mexico, after Tam-
pico had been taken by our Army, m March, 1847, many
threats vveie made by the enemy, in and around that city,
to letake the place, and it was considered necessary by Col-
onel William Gates, then in command there, to call upon
every American citizen and foreigner to arm themselves for
the safety of the town, and the protection of themselves
and property. An order was consequently issued, requiring
enrollments to be made under the particular direction of
Major VV. W, Morris,fourth icgiment artillery. Four com-
panies were formed in this way, e m h racin g quarter master'
men, crews of vessels in port, and American citizens gen-
erally, who offered to serve with their own horses, if forage
only was allowed them, which was done; and these com-
panies did much service at night in scouting around the
town. They continued to do duty occasionally, not reg-
ulaily, until October following, when there was no longer
any necessity for them.
Colonel Gate5', in a letter dated in October, 1848, to Ad-
jutant General Jones, says:
" No mustei-iolls woie made for the purpose of muster-
in? the-,e men into the United States service, as I had no
authouty tor dome so ; but my force was weak, and there
u <i-> a neees-itv lor eveiy nian I could find for the defense
ot tho place, and the t-afety of piopeity and lives. 1 havo
never had any rolls nudo tor the purpose of mustering them
out of seivice, 1 lnd not piorm^ed them pay or rations.
The call upon them was made upon a great emergency,
when the lives of all the citizens of the United States in
Tatnpico weie m danget, and wnen self-preservation was
the actuating motive. There were officers enrolled in said
companies undet the same circumstances, and to some of
thcs-e officers I have, as Governor, and at their request,
given commissions, m order that if might be serviceable on
borne futuie occasion in giving them respectability as such.
I can only say that they were useful and good volunteers?.>r
The committee do not consider that these Tampico vol-
unteers were ever in the United States service. It was a
meie town association, organized for mutual defense, such
as piudunt communities resort to under similar circum-
stances, but for which service it has not been the practice
ofthe Government to make compensation.
The report was concurred in; and the prayer
of the memorial was rejected.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am instructed by the special
committee appointed to examine into the condi-
tion of the banks in the District of Columbia, to
make a report in writing", accompanied by a bill
and resolution. I movo that the report and bill
and the resolution be printed, and I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to make the consideration
of this subject the special order of the day for
some day that may be as near as possible. I will
say tho second Monday in February.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A special order has
already been made for that day.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I will say the second
Tuesday of February.
The bill (S. No. 104) to prohibit the issue of
bank notes by corporations, associations, or in-
dividuals, within the District of Columbia, and
further to prevent the circulation of bank notes
issued by any incorporated company or associa-
tion of individuals, located beyond the limits of
the District of Columbia, of a less denomination
than fifty dollars, was read the first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
The report was accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved. That it is inexpedient to authorize the estab-
lishment, either by general or special laws, of banks of issuo
within the District of Columbia.
The report, resolution, and bill were ordered to
be printed, and were made the special order for
the second Tuesday of February, at one o'clock.
POST ROUTE IN FLORIDA.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Offico and
Po<t Road? be instructed to inquae into the expediency of
vstiillisimig a nnul between MelkmviU.j and ikiy Port,
