1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Fenton.
Ho. of Reps.
In that great national act of necessity—that of
funding all the paper of the Government—Con-
gress did not omit to make some provision for
these half-pay clabns. Accordingly, the ninth sec-
tion of the funding act provides—
" That nothing in this aci contained shall be construed in
any wise to alter, abridge, or impair, the lights of those
creditors of the United States who shall not subscribe to
the said loan, or the contracts upon which their respective
claims are founded ; but the contracts and rights shall remain
in full force and virtue
Not only- so: in order to make creditors some
compensation for the inevitable delay of pay-
ment, which the impoverished Treasury could
not fail to predict, on the 3d of June, 1784, Con-
gress passed the following resolution:
"That an interest of six per cent, per annum shall be
allowed to all creditors of the United States, for supplies
furnished, or service* done, from the time the payment be-
came due."
This extended to all their^arrmv} of pay long
due, as well as to their half pay. Chief Justice
Gilchrist, in a recent decision, in alluding to this
resolve, says:
" No language could be moie express or free from doubt
than this. The resolution was pa«sed from a feeling that it
was just andright that mtereft should be paid from the time
the half pay became due ; and it was a voluntary contract
on the part of the United States, constituting a legal claim
against them, which no subsequent legislation could release
without the consent of the other party." * * "It
may be added that, up to the year 1837, there was paid in-
terest on fifteen hundred and ten claims of widows and
orphans, and claims of officers for personal services, the
statute of limitation as to such claims having been sus-
pended."
The omission, therefore, to pay the interest due
annually on those certificates was a violation of
the resolve of 1783, as well as the condition of
the certificates.
The sixth article of the Constitution provides,
"Thatail debts contracted and engagements enteied into
before the adoption of this Constitution shall be as valid
against the United States, under this constitution, as under
the ConfedeiatJon."
The act of 1783 admits the half-pay claim to
be such a debt or engagement.
"Tins Constitute n, and the laws of the United States
which shall be made m pursuance theieof, and all treaties
made, or which shall he made, under the authonty of the
United Slates, shall be the supreme law of the laud ; and the
judges in eveiv State shall be bound thereby, anvtlmig m
the constitution or laws of any State to the contiary not-
withstanding."
In order, if possible to render the public faith
moie secure, more sacred, the third section of the
Constitution provides that—
"The Senators and Repies-entatives before mentioned,
and the membeis of the several s^rare Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officer?., both of the United States
and ot the several States, shall be bound by oath oi afliima-
tion to support this Constitution "
The resolve of 1783, declares,
"That the faith of the United Stutes bath been pledged to
those officer^ whose services and suffei mgs have so just a
title to the appiopnation and rewards of their counuy."
But, not withstanding these claims had been fully
and ably discussed in the passage of the act of
May 15, 1828, wherein the half-pay claims are
fully recognized, and the act expressly declared,
44 that each of the surviving officers of the Army
of the Revolution, in the continental line, who was
entitled to half pay by the resolve of October 21,
1780, be authorized to receive, out of any money
in the Treasury," &c., and takes no notice of,
or makes any deduction for these commutation
certificates. It does not attempt to describe such
officers as were entitled to commutation. Yet Con-
gress, since the pendcncy of these claims, have
established a court for their investigation, and or-
dered one of the heirs of these same joint and sev-
eral payees, to go before that court, and the United
States were thereby their attorney, and it was there
contended that the commutation paid in specie
was a compromise of the half-pay contract. We
have the decision of this court, in confirmation of
these claims. That is not all; the Thirty-Fourth
Congress ratified that decision. That decision is
a public law of the United States, made in pursu-
ance of the Constitution under the authority of the
United States, which that Constitution declares
shall be the supreme law of the land. Congress can-
not decline an investigation themselves, and refuse
to adopt the legal and judicial exposition of these
claims. The case referred to is that of Thomas
H. Baiid, as a son of Absalom Baird, who was
a commissioned surgeon in the army of the Rev-
olution, and in that capacity was entitled by law
to half pay for life and other emoluments, says
Chief Justice Gilchrist:
"The proceedings in relation to the claim for commuta-
tion do not appear to bo very mateual in relation to the
case in the present position. On the 23d March, 1783, a
resolution was passed, providing thatthe officers and others
entitled to half pay for life ' shall be entitled to receive at
the end of the war their five years' full pay, in lieu of half
pay for lite, in money—that is, specie—or in securities on
interest, as Congress shall find most convenient.' On the
28th of Januaiy, 1794, Dr. Baird applied for the benefit of
this provision, but died xn the year 1806—having, as is said
in the report of the Committee ot Claims of the 5th Febru-
ary, 1855, 'become weaned and disheartened with delay.'
In the year 1818, his son, Thomas H. Baird, having become
of age, petitioned Congiess for relief; and on the 3d of
March, 1855, the committee repoued that i Dr. Absalom
Baird was entitled to the benefit of the act of the 17th of
January, 1781, extending the grant of half pay for life to the
officers of the hospital depaitment and medical stall'.? No
action was had upon the resolution until the 22d of June,
1836, when an act was passed granting five years5 full pay
as commutation, under the resolution of 1783, but without
interest. '
" Now, this claim does not depend for its validity upon
any admission contained in the act of 1836. But the Con-
gress which passed that act must have considered that Dr.
Baird had a legal claim of some kind, otherwise their con-
duct, in granting him five years' full pay, was wholly inde-
fensible. It is, however, relied upon as a final settlement
of the claim. Upon any principle known to the law, tins
position is wholly untenable. It is easy enough to declare,
ex cathedra, that it was a final settlement. But it is ex-
tremely difficult to imagine, in the absence of all evidence,
what reasons can be urged for holding that the payment of
a sum of money is of itself a disehaigo of a debt toi a larger
amouut. A plea of payment of a small sum m satisfaction
of a larger is bad, even after verdict. (2 Parsons on Con-
tracts, 130, and notes.) Thi< principle is familiar to every
lawyer. A debt may be paid by a fair and well undei^tooil
compromise, earned faithuilly into etfect. Bui here theie
was no compiomise. If it were a case between individuals,
no one would dream of applying such a term to it Tiif
United States are either bound by principles of law appli-
cable to them, or they aie not so bound. If tliey aie not
bound, there is an end of the discu^ion, for thou ail reas-
oning is fruitless, if thev are bound by the principles of
law, it is impossible to regard the paymentof five years1 full
pay, without interest, as a satisfaction of this claim. Theie
is no evidence that either party so regaided it; and, unless
we set at defiance every principle of law, we cannot hold
that one party to a contract, without the consent of the
other, can dischaige bis debt by the payment of a smaller
sum than the amount due "*•***« The
amount of Dr. Baird's half pay was $240 per annum, pay-
able at the end of every year. lie was entitled to tins sum
up to the 27tii day of October, 1805, the day of his death,
and interest on the payments as they became due, according
to the express piovisions ot the resolutions of June 3,1784."
The Court of Claims therefore reported a bill
for the relief of Thomas H. Baird.
" Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and hereby is, directed, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to Thomas fl Baird,
administrator of the estate of Absalom Band, a commis-
sioned sniceon m the army of the Revolution, the sum of
$10,074 81, with mleiest theieon ftom the 27th day of Oc-
tohei, 1805, to tne 1'-t day of June, 1856, deducting there-
from the sum of:*>2,400, p.udundei the act of June 23, 1836."'
This bill, as presented by the Court of Claims,
was reported, and passed both Houses by large
majorities, without amendment. The act was duly
approved, and the amount paid at the Treasury.
if the half pay was due the son of Dr. Baird,
Congress was m duty bound at the very same
session to have passed a general act in behalf uf
all the other joint and several payees of the same
contract. These heirs waited patiently for this
decision, and yet, even to this day, they are still
watting impatiently for some general provision
for their relief. The present bill gives less than
one third the amount allowed to Dr. Baird. The
twenty-second section of the funding act of Au-
gust 4, 3790, provides:
' That the pioceeds of the sales which shall be made of
lands m the western* teimory now belonging, or thai may
hereaftei belong to the United rftato^. -hall b.\ and are here-
by, appiopriated towards sinking or discharging the debts for
the payment wiieieof the United State;- now aie,or by vir-
tue of this act may be holden, and shall be applied solely
to that use until the said debts shall be fullj sati.-fied."
Many of these officers gave not only eight years'
service to the war of the Revolution, but 111 addi-
tion to that, they gave over eight years of suffer-
ingand deprivation in acquiring and retaining the
possession of our public domain.
The proceeds of the sales of less than five mil-
lion acres will cover all the provisions of the pres-
ent bill; the Government can take its own time
for the disposition of that amount. Over one hun-
dred and thirty-nine millions, up to June, 1837,
had been sold for cash; ovet sixty million aeies
for military bounty land warrants; sixty-seven
million for schools; and over ten million for inter-
nal improvements. Over fifty million acres have
been granted by Congress for military service of
three months and of fourteen days, of the value
of more than sixty million dollars. But, strange
as it may appear, even after the decision in the
case of Baird, ratified by the last Congress, em-
bracing many members of the present Congress,
who voted and passed that act; yet the bill of the
House, which only extends to the principal, with-
out interest—in fact, giving only about one third
as much for the same time as was allowed to the
son of Dr. Baird—yet this bill has been reported,
and on the files of this House, for more than two
months; and when, too, it is not pretended that
the commutation certificates which were sent to
the officers were worth at the time they were sent
over two and a half dollars to the hundred, are,
by this bill, all to be deducted at their face; and,
also, all which was paid them under the act of
May 15, 1828. When we consider that all the
money which has ever been paid to the officers
and soldiers of the revolutionary army, and to
their widows and children, does not exceed thirty
dollars to each person who served in the army
of the Revolution during that long struggle; so
long as the United States, contrary to the true
spint of our republican institutions, in violation
of the rights of their citizens, shall continue to ex-
clude them from the Federal couits of the Govern-
ment, and compel them to come before Congress
for the collection of their just debts, we shall be
summoned here to hear, and are bound to inves-
tigate, their claims. The forum cannot change
the legality of their claims; the business relations
of this vast country with oar Government,and the
numerous contracts, express and implied, which
exist between the parties, demand the patience,
nay, more, all of the time which Congress can pos-
sibly bestow. They appear before Congress, not
in the degrading form of suppliants, but as a
portion of the sovereign people, with that Consti-
tution in their hands winch was ordained to es-
tablish justice, and which had its origin at the
birth of those world-wide achievements accom-
plished by the sufferings, the sacrifices, the pa-
triotism, and the blood of those men of matchless
valor, that this bill seeks to relieve and to honor.
The report of Mr. Hemphill, of the committee
of the House, of January 3, 1826, in which he
says " that, by virtue of those resolves, a solemn
contract between the Government and officers
was made, that ought to be observed on the
part of the Government with the most profound
sanctity; that when the power of rescission re-
sides exclusively m the bosom of one of the par-
ties, it should be exceedingly cautious that justice
should be done to the other; that the clainas are
founded on a contract which has not been fairly
rescinded, and if it has, there cannot possibly be
a doubt that the commutation contract has not
been fulfilled;" recommended allowing the officers
, their half pay, deducting their commutation cer-
tificates, without any reference to what may have
been recovered under the invalid act of 1818.
So the committee of the Senate, in 1838, re-
, ported:
! " After an as^duous investigation, the committee eon-
i elude that no legislation subsequent to the 21st October,
1 1780, could, or by a fair construction did, contravene or in
any manner impair the claim of the ofliceis of the Army,
l or any class of such officers, to the half pay promised them
1 by the act of October 21, 1780. The half pay for life con-
tracted by the act of October, 1780, to be paid to the officers
of the Aimy for certain services to be performed by them,
1 instant a became a vested right, of which subsequent I eg is -
j lauon nor nothing whatever could divest the officer, save a
I taiiuie on hw part to perform the prescribed service. And
1 it would bo a libel on the good sense and justice of the dis
1 tingin-shed -statesmen and patnots of that period, to imagine,
: even, that any legislation subsequent to the 21st ot October,
i 1780, had for its object to impair the delibeiate engagement
made by that act to allow hall pay for life to the officers of
, the Army."
1 In confirmation of the justice of these claims,
it is leiYeshtng to refer to the remarks of the late
Secietary Woodbury:
"'Rut thev have averted, and it i= again lepeated, that
these officeis ate neekmg aught, and that is aright both
. oil i omnwjj-hiw and on chaiiceiy pnnciples. Butifononly
1 one, wnethet it be a right on strict common-law principles,
: or on chancei y principles, it 1-5 equally a light, and the claim
j is equally a legal claim. The forum in which it becomes a
' right docVnot altei itr, legality. Hence, it every gentleman
would airtee with htm from Vngima, (Mr. Tylet,) that the
j •statute of limitation should be scorned, and that the pre-
tended P'Umuit? nude 10 thcac olhccrs was * mere wind,
