502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of Walker—Central America—Mr. Window.
Ho. of Reps.
mere trash,' T aver, that in any forum, before any court or
jury in Christendom, this right, as between individuals,
could now be unanswerably established. Let the issue be
formed and the cause tried to-morrow, and no three or five
judges, no twelve {good men and true,' as jurors, could say
that the wages of toil and blood, the solemn promises for
sacrifices and sufferings, to secure the liberties of Ameiica,
had ever been discharged by only e wind and trash.'"
****** * ***
- " Without dwelling a moment on considerations before
urged in the argument, in favor of the legality of this claim,
let,me ask what has been the reply to the position of the
committee that, on strict legal principles, the promise of
half pay for life has ever been fulfilled ? Has anyone shown
that the half pay, in the form of half pay, has ever boen
Eaid? No pretense for it. lias anyone shown that the
alf pay has ever been technically released ? No pretense
fbrit." * * * * " IIovv, then, has the promise
of October, 1780, been fulfilled? In no way,except by the
act of commutation. But it could not be fulfilled by that
act, unless all things were transacted in conformity ro the
provisions of that act." + * * * <« Every-
body feels and knows, likewise, that the payment, to be in
conformity to the act, was to have been money, or at least
securities equivalent to money, when, in truth, it was
neitherand even under the m.ost favorable view, if the
certificates were kept till the funding, fell short of what was
due, from one fourth to one third. So the certificates, or
the payment, should have been made in September, 1783;
but were not, in fact, made until some time in 1784-5, when
woith much less. But, break through the forms of meas-
ures, and every lawyer, every constitutional statesman,
must admit that, on strict legal principles, there should not
only have been a conformity to tho commutation act, but,
in the act itself,to make it binding, there should have been
a regard to private vested rights."
In the early organization of the Government,
the funding law was the only way in which over
three hundred millions of indebtedness could at
that time have been otherwise disposed of. But
not so now; the sacred pledges and words of
Washington are as applicable to us as to the old
Confederacy:
" The path of our duty is plain before us 5 honesty will
bo found, on every experiment, to be the. best and only true
policy. Let us, then, as a nation, be just ; lotus fulfill the
public contracts which Congress had undoubtedly a ri?lit
to make, for the purpose ot carrj ins on the war, with lhe
same good faith we suppose ourselves bound to poilotm
private engagements.
" In this state of absolute freedom and perfect security,
who will grudge to yield a very little of his property to sup-
port the common interest of society, and to insuie the pro-
tection of Government ? Who does not remembei the fie-
quent declarations, at the commencement of the war, that
we should bo completely satisfied if, at the ovpense of 0110
half, we could defend the remainder of our possessions ?
" Where is the man to be found who wishes to remain
indebted for the defense of his> own pcrr-oti and pioperty t<>
the exertions, the bravery, and the blood of others, without
making the generous effort to pay the debt of honor and
gratitude? In what part of the continent tdiall we find a
man, or body of men, who would not Idm-h to stand up ami
propose measures purposely calculated lo rob the soldiei of
his stipend, and the public creditor ot his due ? And weie
it possible that such a flagrant instance of injustice could
ever happen, would it not excite tho general indignation,
and tend to bring down upon the authors of such measures
the aggravated vengeance of Heaven ?
<!As to the idea which f am infoimcd has in f-omc in-
stances prevailed, that half pay and commutation are to be
regarded merely in the odious light of a pension, it ought to
be exploded l'oicver.
"That piovibion should be viewed as it really was, a
reasonable compensation offered hv Congiess, at a time
when they had nothing else to give to ofheets of the Army
lor services then to bo performed.
" It wa« the only means to prevent a total dereliction of
the service ; it was a part of their lure.
" I may be allowed to say, it was the price of then blood
and your independence."
It was more than a common debt; it is a debt
of honor; it can never be considered as a pension
or gratuity; nor canceled until it is fail J y dis-
charged.
These are not claims for a pension founded on
a mc e gratuity; but a legal debt, founded on a
solemn contract duly recorded on tho books of
the Government, wherein there cannot by any
possibility be any mistake as to the parly, or the
amount paid, and the sum now due.
The resolve of October 21, 1780, constituted a
solemn contract with each officer for grants of
lo,ud anil half pay daring life. The promise of land
was blended with and made a part of the same
entire consideiation with the half-pay portion of
the contract. The acknowledgment, presentation,
or record, of the one, was the presentation, prom-
ise, and rcccrd, of the other. The suspension of the
acts of limitation of one portion would equally
affect the other. These were vested rights, and tho
contmot could not be varied, rescinded, or im-
paired, by any subsequent acts of legislation,
without the consent of each officer, individually.
How did t!ie Government meet their obligation
for the land pot lion of the contract? Why, their
land was assigned to them in the wilds of the
western territory, then claimed by and in pos-
session of hostile Indian natives, to be conquered,
and the possession of it maintained by continued
hardships, fighting, sufferings and dangers, which,
during all of the eight years' war for independ-
ence, was never before endured. Here the officers
and soldiers, or many of them, sacrificed their lives
in advancing the settlement of our great western
territory, adding ten years more of service with-
out pay for the benefit of our country.
This Government became the assignee and trus-
tee of the public domain.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior, of
1857, shows that the public surveys have already
been extended over more than three fourths of
the whole surface of the public domain. That
surface, as therein stated, is fourteen hundred
and fifty million acres; of this there have been
surveyed and prepared for market, public lands
&c., four hunured and one million six hundred
and four thousand nine hundred and eighty-eight
acres, of which quantity fifty-seven million four
hundred and forty-two thousand eight hundred
and seventy acres have never been offered, and
are consequently now liable to public sale; in
addition to which there were upwards of eighty
million acres subject to entry at private sale on
the 30th of September last.
Of the public domain there have been disposed
of by private claims, grants, sates, &c., embra-
cing surveyed and unsurveyed land,three hun-
died and sixty-three million eight hundred and
sixty-two thousand four hundred and sixty-four
acres; which, deducted from the whole surface,
leaves undisposed of an area of one thousand
and eighty-six million, one hundred and thirty-
seven thousand five hundred and thirty-six acres.
It is said the cash sales of the public lands up
to June 30,1847, were for one hundred and thirty-
nine million thirty-two thousand eight hundred
and fifty-five acres; grants forschooIs,&c., sixty-
seven million seven hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-two; internal im-
provements, ten million eight hundred and ninety-
seven thousand three hundred and thirteen; none
of which has been appropriated for the payment
of these debts, long due. Much of it has been
appropriated for mere objects of gratuity. There
have been issued live hundred and forty-seven
thousand two hundred and fifty land warrants,
which required sixty million seven hundred and
four thousand nine hundred and forty-two acres
to satisfy. And since these claims have been pre-
sented for the consideration of Congress, strange
to say—founded, as they are, upon an express
contract, a mortgage on this public domain, em-
braced in this bill, all the provisions of which
cannot rail for the proceeds of the sales of over
five million acres of this land, which many of
them gave a service of eight years to acquire, and
ten years' service to maintain—as I before re-
marked, more than fifty million acres have been
applied for services of three months to fourteen
days, amounting to over sixty-two million dollars,
where there was no contract, express or implied;
and this liberal action of ourGov^rnment towards
those who were engaged in the military service I
entirely and coulially approve.
How much of the $100,000,000 from the cash
sales of these lands have been thus appropriated,
it would not be an easy task to point out. There
are, however, of this public domain, left undis-
posed of more than one thousand million acres.
It would be a gross libel on the character and jus-
tice of the many very distinguished jurists, states-
men, and patriots, who have at different intervals
since 1783, down to the present time, pronounced
the commutation act of March 22, 1783, to have
been founded on the great exigency of the Govern-
ment, having for its object the delay of payment
of just debts which could not have been met. Cer-
tificates of the Government could be funded, but
the contract for half pay could not; this Govern-
ment had long been pieparing for that scheme of
public finance, which was founded in necessity.
Now, this appears to me a plain case; I trust it
so appears to others. Certainly, upon a thorough
examination of the subject, ail must realize that
great injustice has been done to those who have
achieved our independence as a nation, and that
it is the duty of Congress to remove at once the
foul blot winch now rests upon our national honor.
I am moved to indignation at the ingratitude and
the almost criminal neglect of the Government
and the Representatives towards those who laid
the foundation of all our greatness, our power,
and our glory. Think not that the people will
be content with delay—with the shuffling off from
year to year these long-deferred and just claims.
Let them know at once what they have to depend
upon, and let it be in consonance with the voice
of gratitude and justice. Be true to them, and
they will be true to themselves and to you. They
see us lavishly appropriating millions for purposes
of doubtful expediency—if not, in part, to secure
the advancement of party aims, to reward partisan
favorites, and perpetuate in the rule of the Gov-
ernment measures of oppression and wrong—
while we tardily, if at all, discharge their honest
demands. The spirit of inquiry is awake. They
are now watching with earnest interest all our
acts. It will not do to leave this work undone,
and say that other things are proper because they
have been done; their voice, which is mighty in
making and unmaking Presidents, cabinets, and
Representatives, will be heard throughout tho
land, demanding the reason: wherefore millions
for you, and not one cent for us?
ARREST OF WALKER—CENTRAL AMERICA.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WINSLOW,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. WINSLOW said:
Mr. Chairman: The interesting events which
have recently occurred on the coast of Nicaragua
and in the waters of the Caribbean sea, deemed
by this House of sufficient importance to warrant
a call upon the Executive for information, have
justly excited much interest throughout the coun-
try, and therefore merit a thorough investigation.
Heretofore and ordinarily, the Executive and
the other branch of the Legislature have drawn
to themselves a monopoly of the foreign relations
of the Government, and this House has rarely
been called upon for consideration or m consult-
ation, save when an occasional money grant was
necessary to carry out some article of a treaty
stipulation. This has resulted from the peculiar
structure of our Government and the, forms of the
Constitution. The present case, however, is one
that peculiarly addresses itself to the unbiased
consideration of the Representatives of the peo-
ple. It is our duty to look into it, and to pro-
nounce upon it our judgment.
If it be true that the Presidenthas exceeded his
powers, in his instructions to the officers charged
with the command of your military marine, it is
your right, nay, your imperative duty, so to pro-
nounce.
If the commanders of your men of war have,
running ahead of your instructions, committed
acts not thereby warranted, whatever may have
been the impelling motive, itis equally your duty
to take order thereon.
If unlawful expeditions and predatory excur-
sions have been begun, set on foot> and carried on,
from our jurisdiction, against the dominion of a
friendly 3?ower, however small or great, however
grand or insignificant, we owe it to that high
sense of justice which should ever charactenze
the American people, to express our thorough
disapprobation, and to take measures to airest
them.
Having upon all these matters very clear and
distinct views and opinions, I purpose to occupy
some part of the time of the committee in sub-
mitting and enforcing them.
In the early discussion of this subject, powers
were attiibuted to the President winch I do not
concur in sustaining. I think the mistake hap-
pened in confounding the sovereign powers of
the Government with the delegated powers of the
Executive. When the thirteen colonies emerged
from their dependence upon the British Crown,
they assumed a place among the nations of the
earth. They became, and were, entitled to all the
privileges and authorities, and were subject to all
