454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Florida, via Apopka Lake, Harris Lake, Adamsville, Sum-
tervilie, and Spring Hill.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing by law a post route from Marion, m the State
of Arkansas, via Walnut Grove, Ly!e\t Feny, and Neely's
Ferry, to Walnut Camp in said State, and repoit by bill or
otherwise.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed'to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
muuicate to the Senate the amount of expenditure for the
support of the Military Academy at West Point for the past
year, including compensation of cadets and all officers con-
nected therewith.
LIGHT-HOUSE BOARD.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committer on Commerce bo diteoted
to inquire into the expediency of rcpcalmgthe law cicating
the Light-House Board.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 105)
to ascertain and adjust the titles to certain lands
in Kansas; which was read twice by its title,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to present a proposition
for the construction of a railroad from the Mis-
souri river to San Francisco, by what has been
denominated the northern route. I shall ask that
it lie on the table, and be printed, in connection
with the bill of the select committee, and the prop-
osition presented yesterday by the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I do not oiler this as an
antagonist proposition to the bill reported by the
special committee. That bill had my concurrence
in the committee, and will have my vote and my
support here. In the event, however, that that
should be superseded by the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, I propose to
oiler it, not as a substitute for that proposition,
but as an additional section to the biil presented
by the Senator from Mississippi. In the event
that the bill of the committee should be super-
seded by the substitute, and my amendment shall
be also adopted, thus connecting the two routes,
the north and the south, 1 shall be able to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Missis-
sippi; and 1 hope that he, at the same time, will
be able to vote tor my proposition. I ask that it
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to my honorable friend
from Vermont, that the proposition which I pre-
sented to the Senate yesterday was not for any
particular route. It was across the territory, and
did not locate the route.
Mr. FOOT. I had a misapprehension on that
subject, not being able to see the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. It is lair I should say that I have
no doubt where the road will be.
Mr. FOOT. 1 do not presentthisproposition,
however, as antagonist to that of the Senator from
Mississippi, or the bill of the committee.
Mr. G WIN. There was an order made yes-
terday evening to print another edition of the bill
reported by me from the select committee, in con-
nection with the substitute of the Senator from
Mississippi. The Senator from Vermont had
better make his motion that this proposition be
printed with that bill, so that they shall all be
printed together.
Mr. FOOT. I vary the motion in that way.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
States; the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first section of
the bill, which is in the following words:
That thcie shall be added to eacii of the regiments of dra-
goons, cavnhy, miantiy, and ol mounted nflemen, two
companies to be oigatnzed in the same, rnannci as the com-
panies now composing these arms.ie>-pcctivcly; and to re-
ceive the same pay and allowances, and to be entitled to
the same provisions and benefits in every respect, as are au-
thorized by the existing laws; they shall be subject to the
rules and articles of war; and the enlisted men are to be
recruited in the same manner as other troops, with the same
conditions and limitations.
Mr. HALE. "With the consent of the Senator
from Georgia, who is entitled to the floor, I rise
to a statement of fact which I wish to correct.
The day before yesterday I stated, in my place,
some facts with reference to the expenditures of
the Army, and the appropriations asked for in
the deficiency bill, in these words as they are re-
ported; and 1 believe they are reported accurately:
a The deficiency which the Administration asks for for the
War Department, for the military service is, I understand,
$6,700,000. We actually spent$19,426,000, and they want
about seven million dollars more, making $26,000,000 for
military service last year."
i That is the statement which is quoted in a
I newspaper printed in this city, called the Wash-
j ington Union, which, I believe, is the organ of
j the Administration, of the Supreme Court, and
1 of the Lccompton convention. I do not often
] notice attacks from such quarters when they re-
j late to myself personally; but as this relates to a
matter connected with the public service, and the
! accuracy of my statement is questioned, I beg
: leave to lay two documents before the Senate.
; This writer goes on to say:
j " It is suiprismg that a member of the august Senate of
the United States should consent to commit himself to
; statements like these—statements disclosing either inex-
j cu>ab'e ignoianceof the subject m hand, or else a most cal-
lous indilieicnee to fact and tiuth."
Then lie follows with about a column of twaddle,
which, I suppose, he meant for wit; but I think
he will have to explain it to anybody to get it
understood as such. Then he comes to this state-
ment:
'■The Senator, therefore, has made the slight mistake of
$3,000,000 in hife statement of the aggiegate expenses of the
Army tor the year. Instead ot $2J,030,000, the charge is
$21,000,000; and of this charge, ncnily seven million* at e
asked to meet the c.uraordinaiy exigoncj of the Utah le-
bellion.''
I hold in my hand, sir, Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 56 of the Senate, of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, third session, in which there is a re-
capitulation of the appropriations made last year;
and in that recapitulation 1 find this item:
li Army, fmlocations, and Militaiy Aeadcmj, $19,426,-
191) 4i ;'s
the precise sum which I stated the other day,
omitting the fractions of dollars and cents. I hold
in my hand another document, of which I pro-
pose to road a page, and then leave the subject.
I now read from Miscellaneous Document No. 22
of the House of Representatives of the present
session, entitled " Deficiencies in Quartermas-
ter's Department:"
QCARTEII>T.VSTER GENIillU/S OFFICE,
Washington*, January G, 18J3.
: As T had occasion to state in my report, dated 21st
of jN'ovembci, that latge appropriations would be icquired
tor deficiencies m the piemen t year on account ot ti aiimpor-
tation and other Aimy evponditmcs made, by tin: law* and
regulations through the Qu.utormastet's department, I have
made a thoiougli investigation of all the bu*me>s, as well as
military opciations of the depattmcnt. and have found that
fiom the v.wf extent of those operations, the deficiency to be
supplied is pi eater than I had believed it would be at" the
date of my it-port.
It is ascertained that a deficiency existed at the close of
la^t year, which has been achat go upon thepiesent year, of
about §'1,000,000; in addition to which the extensive oper-
ations against the Cheyennes and nthei Indian tubes, and
the extensive at rangeioents for tlx1 operations in Utah, have
exhausted the appropriations for the present j ear so tar that
iheicis not a sufficient balance in the Tieasuty to fill the
estimate* now on my table lor December; and the whole
balance in the baiuU of di^bursm<r officers will not be suffi-
cient for thc-erviec for one half of the present month. Ap-
piopnations will thcretoie be required to carry the service
thtough tlio yeai, and to make the huge outfit for the oper-
ations m Utah foi the following objects, viz:
For icgular supplier, including fuel, foiage, straw, and sta-
tionciy  $7"i 8,000
Mounts and remounts    252,000
Incidental expenses  190.000
Barracks and quarters  80,000
Army transportation  5,400,000
i Making.. $6,700,000
i deficiencies, and for the service m Utah, taking the Army
! as it is, and limiting the expenditures to operations alieady
i deteimmed on, a?? they have been communicated to me.
i Should operations he cariied on fiom the Pacific, or
' should a largei force be sent from this side, an meiease m
the appropnauou in pioporuon to the increased force will
. be leqmrcd
j 1 will have all the details ready to submit to you, so soon
I as they can ho fairly copied, which make the several aggre-
! gate amounts above stated to be necessary.
1 have the honor to he, sir, very respectfully, your obedi-
ent servant,
TIT. S. JESfJP, Quartermaster General.
Hon. J. B. Flovt, Secretary of JVar, JVa-=kiit^ton) Z>. C,
Having the figures with me, I leave the wit to
the editor.
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Georgia I merely wish to say that I
think the Senator from New Hampshire falls into
the error, which has been commonly committed,
; of charging everything that has been estimated
: for by the Secretary of War as the expenses of
■ the Army. Fortifications are certainly not the
! expenses of the Army. The building of the Cap-
! itol extension, or of the Aqueduct, is not an cx-
j penseof the Army; yetthese works, beingunder
! the charge of the War Department, go into the
! estimates of the Secretary of War. I think tho
statement which has been made from year to year
of the gross amounts, without reference to the
object of the expenditure, and proclaiming the
whole as the expense of the Army, does injus-
tice to that branch of the service.
Mr. HALE. I have no controversy with the
' Senator on that point. I simply wanted to vin-
i dicatc myself before the country for the use of tho
{ figures I had used, being sustained in them cn-
; tirely by the public documents; and I stated dis-
i tinctly, I think, that the sum I named was the
whole of the appropriation, including fortifica-
tions, ordnance, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no purpose at all to take
up the controversy between the Senator and the
Union. I have not read the article to which he
refers. My remarks were merely intended to put
the Army in what I think is its true position.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the discussion
on this bill seems to have taken a very wide range,
into which I do not intend to follow it. Some
elements unfavorable to a calm judgment and
proper determination of the question have been
I introduced on both sides by the disputants in this
! case. I desire to bring the Senate back to my
| motion, its effect and consequences, and the rea-
1 sons which I suggested, rather than argued,when
i I originally made it.
j I propose to strike out all of the first section of
j this bill, except the enacting clause. The effect
, of that will be to prevent the addition of thirty
i companies to tho present military establishment
j of the United States, consisting of ninety-six men
j each, making nearly three thousand men, leaving
i the military establishment, if this bill should then
j pass without further amendment, twenty-two
thousand men. If the bill be passed amended as
j I now propose, it will fix above twenty-two thou-
| sand men as the legal establishment of the United
I States; not the peace establishment, for under the
peace establishment many of the companies are
authorized to enlist only fifty-two men,and under
the existing law many of the companies are au-
thorized to carry their numbers to seventy'our;
hut, under the bill on your table, the President is
authorized, if tho pubhcnecessities should irquiro
I it, to carry the number of each company to ninoty-
| six men. The President, therefore, will have a
: | legal right to bring into the field above twenty-two
* thousand men, if this hill passes even wish the
amendment I propose; and without that amend-
ment, the bill carries the Army of the United
I States to between twenty-five and twenty-six
; thousand men. That is my motion, and the im-
; mediate effect of it.
j The reasons which I offered for this motion to
j strike out tho first section when I proposed it,
were based purely on the fact that the existing
military establishment, and certainly with the ad-
dition proposed by the second section of the bill,
is at least large enough; 1 think it much too large.
Two years ago, I opposed the addition of the four
regiments. I believe there has been no session
of Congress since I have been a member of either
House, at which the head of the Aimy, tho
Secretary of War, and the President of the Uni-
ted States, have not recommended an increase.
Whether we arc in peace or in war, whether wo
are threatened with Indians or with Mormons, or
with British or any other Power, on every occa-
sion, every newspaper rumor with reference to
li war is made the occasion for asking an increase
of the Army. Up to a very few years ago, and I
believe up to the time of the Mexican war, we
had but six thousand men on the military estab-
lishment of the United States. It was adequate
to all the purposes for which an army ought ever
to be used.
I am at issue with the chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Davis,] as to the greater difficulty now
