1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
man to show him id what instance any Government had
interfered to prevent then), in the manner now proyo&cu.
The active interference 01 fJutish subjects in the service of
foreign Stales, was, thercloic, not inconsistent witn the
doctrines of neutiahty."
Lord Althorpe said, on the 16th April, 1S23:
" It was to be remarked, that until 1819, when tlnsioreign
enlistment bill was passed, excepting as tar as related to the
statutes of George 11., it had been con&idered that England
might be strictly noutial without micIj a law; and tho&e who
now supported it must contend, that, from the Noiman con-
quest downwards, bhe had, in iact, maintained no real neu-
trality between the contending parties."
But we have seen that England, whenever it
suits her policy, not only authorizes but encour-
ages her subjects to take part in foreign wars.
She twicc or thrice suspended the execution of
the foicign enlistment law, and will do so again,
whenever a sufficient motive oilers. We alone
have adopted the suicidal policy of so manacling
ourselves that a lav/-abid mg Executive cannot free
us from our self-imposed fetters, although the best
interests of the country may demand it.
The act, then, of April, ltil8,is nolan enforce-
ment of the law of nations, but it is a restraint
upon what, without ir, would have been lawful
and, in many instances, meritorious action of our
citizens. The only lually free representative gov-
ernments of the world have thought proper to
pass laws preventing the levying ot armed bodies
of men within their territoiy for the purpose of
waging war against States with which they are at
peace. Why? Because in these countries, in the
absence of such laws, the Executive would be with-
out power to prevent the fitting out ofany expedi-
tion, however much its ob)ects might conflict with
the interests of the nation or the policy of the
Government. These expeditions, although in
themselves no violation of neutrality, where equal
liberty is afforded to both belligeient parties to en-
list men and purchase munitions of war, are cer-
tain to lead at once to acrimonious discussions and
ultimately to terminate m war, where the party
suffering by them is in a condition to avenge it-
self. Neutrality consists in affording no greater
advantage to one party than the othei. There are
many circumstances m which, although on paper
either belligeient may have the right to levy troops
in a neutral country, m reality but one only can
profit by it. The late war between Great Biitam
and Fiance on one side, and Russia on the other,
affords a striking example. The allies had com-
plete command of the ocean,and could have trans-
ported any number of men, enlisted in the United
.States, without let or hinderance, to the Crimea;
the Russians could not have conveyed a man or
animation of war to the relief of Sevastopol. Our
neutrality would, in that case, had wc permitted
enlistment, have only been nominal, and lluwsia
would have had just cause to complain of our con-
duct. To this danger we should have been exposed
had not the laws of 179-1 and 1816 been on our stat-
ute-books. The continental Governments of Eu-
rope havu no occasion for such legislation; because,
with them tins executive power can always con-
trol the movements of its citizens. In Great Bri-
tain, the Queen, in council, can always suspend
the operation of the foreign enlistment bill, or pie-
vent the shipment of arms, ammunition, or other
military stores and equipments. This power I
desne to confer upon the President wlien Con-
gress is not in section. I do not attempt to con-
ceal that ii is a very grave, perhaps, in the hands
of an indiscreet or unscrupulous man, a dangerous
one; but it is to be cxercisied under all the high
responsibilities that attach to the Chief Magis-
trate; and it is useless to disguise that, although
the war-making power is given by the Constitu-
tion to Congress, any President can so conduct
our foreign relations that Congress will have but
to choose the alternative of sustaining him or dis-
gracing the countt y in the eyes of the woild. Be-
sides, although my resolution is couched m general
terms, and indicates no such limitation, I do not de-
sire 10 confer on the President the power to sus-
pend the laws, except in cases where actual war
exists between the Powers, in reference to which
the suspension is to operate, or when a civil war
(and by this 1 do not mean a mere commotion or
rebellion) shall have broken out in a foreign State,
or irs colonies. When I made, four years since,
a movement for the suspension of our neutrality
laws, F believed, as I now believe, that a large
nil!jotity of the people of Cuba was preparsd to
make a vigorous effort to throw oft' the yoke of
their transatlantic oppressors, and, so far as my I
influence or councils could be useful, I was will- j
ing to aid them. _ I believed then, as I now be- !
lieve, that a hostile feeling towards us then ex-
isted with the Governments of France and Great
Britain, and that they desired to Africanize Cuba.
I avail myself, gladly, of the occasion to say that
such, I am satisfied, is not now the feeling of these
Governments. Besides this, the people ofCuba,
although still desirous of peaceful annexation,
are not willing to run the risk of civil war and
servile insurrection, to become members of our
Confederacy. Public policy must accommodate
itself to circumstanccs, and any attempt to obtain
Cuba, except by negotiation, should, in my opin-
ion, now be abandoned. But should Spain be
rash enough to invade Mcxico, with the purpose
of establishing a despotic government there under
the name of Santa Anna as dictator, or under any
other name or title, then I think that our citizens
should be permitted to take part in the contest.
I wish this to be done legally. All the power of
the Government cannot restrain them from doing
it, and there should be no law on our statute-book j
that cannot be enforced. There arc many con- i
fmgencics, about which I do not choose to spec- |
ukte, where the interests of the country would ,
clearly call for the suspension of our neutrality j
laws; and if this power be not given to the Pros- j
ident, under such restrictions as the wisdom of j
Congress may suggest, I am not prepared to say ;
that I would not prefer to abolish them altogethei> ;
excepting so far as they may be necessary to carry i
out our treaty stipulations, and these, as 1 have
before remarked, only apply to the fitting out of
armed vessels. I have little hope of the passage
of such a law as I have suggested. 1 have no
pride or opinion on the subject; and if 1 fail, shall
be satisfied with the conviction that J have done
my duty in calling the attention of the Senate and
the country to the subject; and it may be proper
to state, in conclusion, that in presenting and ad-
vocating my resolution, I speak only for myself,
and act. without concert or understanding with
any one.
Mr. MASON. I desire that the subject shall
retain its place on the Calendar.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agiecd to.
Mr. BROWN. There are some amendments,
to that bill pending not yet prepared. Let it be
passed over.
The bill was passed over.
MECHANICS' LIENS.
The bill (S. No. 182) for the enforcement of
mechanics' liens on buildings, &c., in the District
of Columbia, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to inquire of the Senator
from Mississi ppi whether I understood the read-
ing of this bill correctly. 1 understood that it
gives hen upon pastured cattle for six months.
An individual who pastures cattle is to have a lien
on the cattle for six months after the performance
of his service. If I understand it correctly, it
seems to me it would interfere very much indeed
with the free sale and traffic in those articles. I
should like to know whether I understand the .bill
corrwctly ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not think there is any
harm in it. When one man pastures cattle on
another's ground, that man who is m possession
of the land ought to have a lien on the cattle.
That is my notion. This bill was in the code
which was voted down by the citizens of this Dis-
| trict some moifth or six weeks ago, but in all
■ the controversy in the District over that code no
j citizen of the District ever objected to this portion.
I It was extracted from the code, and presented to
i the committee, and we were asked to have it en-
j acted into a law. I have let it lie several weeks,
| and have had it published in the newspapers, so
[ that everybody might see it, and no citizen of
s Washington has made an objection to it. On the
; contrary, my understanding, from very full and
I free communication with the people here is, that
' they are satisfied with it. If so, that is enough
for me.
Mr. GREEN. If that is the provision of the
bill it will not do at all. A lien on personal prop-
erty not in possession, and of which there is no
I record, ought never to exist. The hen must fol-
i low the possession, or follow a record; and to say
I that because a man keeping a pound has allowed
' cattle to come into it fora certain length of time,
j he is to have a lien for six months after the cattle
! pass off, after the possession is parted with, will
| not do at all; it is certainly wrong. A common
; innkeeper ought to have a lien, so that the owner
cannot take away his horse until he pays the pas-
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY. jj taragc. That is right; but if he chooses to part
ATT„.T T ,,.1 ,1 o   I with the possession, and there is no record made
' A-LLLN. I move thai wh«n t!,oj?cnnto ofthef;lc[) thcnuoccnt purchaser might bo ruined
again on ^ ^ ^ va}ue 0f that properly is concerned.
That i« wronj?.
adjourn to-day, they adjourn to
Is,Jooday next.
; Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not adjourn over, i
■ There is a great deal of private business that ought |
; to be attended to, and we have paid very Utile at- ;
■ tcntion to it during this session. I think we ought |
to devote to-morrow to it. I think justice to pri- ,
, vateclainiantsdcmandsthaUveshould notadjourn !
over. i
I Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. FOSTER called j
for the yeas and nays; and they weio ordered; and j
' being taken, resulted—yeas 524, nays 18; as fol- '
i lows: |
Allen, Bell, Buler, Bright, Hrodeiick, I
' Oairieion.Clav. (Juttenrten, Fit/.patnek, Gicen, Hammond, j
! lluntei. Kennedy, km{?, Mason, Peatoe, Polk, rieba-stian, j
iSewutd, Siiuu-r,Tliou)M">n ol" New Joisey, Toombs, Tium- j
, bull, and Wright—24. j
j ft AYS—Muhi-rs. Brown, Clark* CoHanier, Dixon, j
1 Doohttle, Fes.-enden, Fueh, F<vtei, fl.nlan. Houston, Iver- |
! eon, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Pugli, Siideil, Wade, and j
Wilson—IS. j
1 So the motion was agreed to. j
! DISTRICT BUSINESS. I
Mr. BROWN. There is a remnant of the even- !
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from North Car-
olina WiH call my attention to the particular pas-
sage to which he objects I will attend to it. It is
a very long bill.
Mr. BIGGS. Let the fifteenth section be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Anv person who shall dopamine or feed any horses, cat-
tle, iioij*, f.lieep, or any oiher li^e stock, or bet-tow any
labor, care, or intention upon the same, at the request of tho
owner or lawful possessor theieof, shall have alien upon
such property for ins just and reasonable chargca for the
labor, eaie, find attention lie has bestowed, and the food ho
h;w fuuiMied ; and he nny ietain the possession of sucli
property until Mich charges are paid,"
Mr. GREEN. That is right. It is not what
I thought.
Mr. lifGGS. But there is something about six
months. Let that be read.
Tho Clerk read:
" See. 16. And he it further cnacicd, That if such just
and reasonable charges b© not pai 1 within t.ix months after
the care, attention, and labor shall have been performed or
bestowed, or tho materials or food shall have been fur-
nished. the person having such hen may pioceed to sell, at
• • ' '  -r 1 sections fourteen,
thereof,
i The mofion was agreed to.
I The first District bill on the Calendar was the
: bill (S. No. 163) to relieve the corporation of
| Georgetown from the expense of making and
1 repairing roads west of Xlock creek.
Mr. BROWN. There issome controversy about
' that not yet settled. Let it be passed over.
: The bill was passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was tho_bm (o.
No. 159) to incorporate the Washington National
- Monument Society.
the pos-
session is changed, within six months after that,
he may sell.
Mr. BROWN and others. Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair thinks the bill provides foT the reten-
tion of possession by tho person and proceeding"
to sell after six months. The Senator will pardon
the Chair for making a suggestion to him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on the District
