1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Panama. A rio! took place which resulted in
putting some of our citizens to death who, as pas-
.sen^ers, were passing through under treaty obli-
gations. A great many others were wounded.
Their property was despoiled, and that goes un-
redressed to this day; and why ? Because, as to
Nicaragua, as to Mexico, as to CostaKica, when-
ever the Government of the United States pre-
sents itself, it finds no Government with which
to put itself in communication". They are in such
a decrepit state as to appear incapable of con-
structing a Government that will last from month
to month or from year to year. So with our com-
merce. It goes into their ports under treaties of
protection, and it is seized and despoiled there by
the Government or some insurrectionary force.
That is the existing state of things withm the last
three weeks at Tampico. Vessels going from our
ports to Tampico, under the protection of a treaty,
arriving at the port, were seized by insurrection-
ary forces, the men impiisoned, the flag insulted,
and the property despoiled. Where is the re-
tlress? There is no Government to redress it;
there is none that a Minister can be put in com-
munication with; there is no means of affording
redress; and when a Government is reconstructed
the remonstrance will go upon file; and there it
will lie; because of the utter inability of the Gov-
ernment of Mexico to afford redress.
Nov/, the purpose of the bill is to do whatevery
Government must have power to do if its citiz"ns
are to be protected, not against accredited nations
of the woild, who are able to afford redress or to
refuse it, but against that chaiaeter of unsettled
population that are found from Mexico, certainly,
down to the continent of South America, incapa-
ble of constructing Governments, and yet claiming
the immunities of Governments. Tlicy are to be
treated, in my judgment, as such a people must
Do treated when they are found m such a condi-
tion—be compelled by force to respect the laws of
civilized man'. That is all that is proposed.
Now, in reference to the very proper criticism
of the Senator from Georgia: the committee, after a
great deal of eonsideiation, by a majority deemed
jt pioper, for the present, to confine the object of
the bill to the Republics named m it. It will be
in his power, if ho thinks it proper, to extend it
to more, or to extend it to the whole world. In
my judgment, that would have been wrong. The
bill, I think, deserves consideration at the present
session. If it be put over to Saturday, it will
amount to nothing. Even if it should pass the
Senate, it may not, at that late period, pass the
.House of Representatives. At any rate, I hope
it will be made the order of the day for an hour
to-moi row, that the Senate may then determine
whether it is one of those public measures which
deserve present consideration.
f.Ir. HOUSTON. I have had the pleasure of
hearing the gentleman from Virginia, and his rc-
marks^have only convinced me of the necessity
and propriety of the adoption of the resolutions
which I introduced some time since m relation to
a protectorate, and the expediency of giving some
attention to that subject. If is admitted by the
n-entleman from Virginia, who is^ possessed of
The first order of intelligence in tin's body on in-
ternational subjects, that Mexico, and the other
States alluded to, ere not in a condition of self-
government; (list they are disorganized; that they
are irresponsible; that treaties negotiated with
them are not binding upon them, and that some
course must necessarily be adopted that will give
security to our citizens and our transit thiough
their country. Nothing could be more cone.lus. ve
to my mind as to the expediency, at least, of an
inquiry into the course that ought to be adopted.
I have long been satisfied of the incapacity of
these people for self-government. They have had
the ooportunity of the experiment for nearly or
more'than a quarter of a century, and they have
accomplished nothing oi order, of regulauty, of
o-ood government. Instead of advancing m civil-
r*ation, and improvement, and good government,
they are greatly deteriorated, and are becoming
more wretched and more anarchical m their con-
dition. Feeling this, I was anxious that wc snould
make a 11 ave inquiry into the suoject of their con-
dition; "that we should know what our ,uture
relations were to be with these several nations,
and whether or not they were to go on as t.iey
have done on our borders, insulting our peop.e
and annoying them, slaughtering them when it
suited their convenience, robbing and committing
every outrage possible on them. It was necessary,
I thought, to inquire into these circumstances;
but I have met with but little countenance in the
efforts which I have made.
Mr. President,it is an extraordinary thing that
we are apprised that France, too, has arisen and
has her eye on a consolidated Republic of these
small States, under the protectorate of France.
It is enough to alarm the United States and direct
their attention, with some degree of particularity
and gravity, to the subject. France is not indif-
ferent to the condition of the South American
States. She has an imperial scepter, wielded by
hands capable of controlling it. France has now
a master, and when she has a master she is a
mighty nation; she shapes the nations of the
earth about her; and that she should cast her eye
to the transatlantic settlements and communities
that are here in a situation to be appropriated to
her ambition in the aggrandizement of her com-
merce and her dominion, is not at all to be won-
dered at. Whilst weare lying here in tranquillity,
reposing with our arms folded, indifferent to the
passing events of the world, they are alert on the
other side of the Atlantic, and they are directing
their eyes to this side of it for the purpose of
aggrandizement and monopoly.
If we are to maintain the principles that we
have set forth; if they are not to be to us, ata fu-
ture day, a reproach, we have something to do.
Are we to remain like the dog in the manger, con-
tending that 110 one shall touch or lay hand upon
this continent, or set foot upon it; that no trans-
atlantic Power shall appropriate any portion of it,
and yet do nothing ourselves by which these na-
tions may be made useful to the community of
nations, and advantageous to the cause of com-
merce, social organization, and good government?
Does it not behoove us to turn our attention to it
with a careful eye, and a just regard to our own
! situation and our own iuceiests ? Sir, wc have
| proclaimed to the nations of the earth that we will
I not allow any transatlantic Power to interfere
j with the Governments of America, or with the
affairs of this continent. It is time that we should
not only assert the principle upon paper, but should
give some practical manifestation of our purpose,
I and show that we are capable of making something
i out of a declaration that, we have held torth to the
woild, of our rights, our privileges, and what we
; have assumed to be our national prerogative.
' If we are disposed to abandon the Monroe doc-
i trine, if we are'disposed to relinquish to foreign
] Powers, as wc have partially done to England 111
relation to the occupation of Roatan under the
1 Clayton-BuKver treaty, in violation of their own
I construction of that treaty in the first instance,
let us do it gracefully; let us recede from our
i position; this is the occasion to do it; and let us
ignore thcindicationsthathave already been given
in the Senate, and that are making their way in
the hearts of the American people. Do tins, and
you will bring disrepute upon the Government,
tend the people will rise m their majesty. The
' Monroe doctrine has been assorted; it has been
! contended for. We must maintain it or shrink
from it. We cannot maintain our national dig-
nity and abandon the position we have taken
II before the world. We must either maintain the
j! attitude we have pretended to assume, and make
': it a reality, or we must shrink back degraded and
I1 humbled in the eyes of the world.
I' I have proposed nothing in the resolution that
I' I have introduced here, but an inquiry into the
i affairs of Mexico and these other nations. Now,
! we may contemplate these transactions at a dis-
j | tanee, hut scenes me every day transpiring which
1 i tend to torce us to take our stand. We must soon
j! form our determination whether we shall become
!j liymbled and degraded in the eyes of the world,
j; or whether we shall step forward in a manly atti-
j tude, assuming our position, and vindicating our
j: declarations to the world. Either one or theother
i! must be done. I am in favor of any measure that
1' will advance the national character and national
|: honor, and will intrench us in our rights, and
! enable us to vindicate our citizens, and give them
i protection wherever they may travel on the earth.
1 The earth is ours with other nations, and we must
j occupy our share of it. Sir, the boasted ensign
i of oar nitiop. will cower and lose all its pride and
!'prestige unless we uphold it, end vindicate our
' national honor by an onward, determined course;
not by boast or bravado, but by acting in our
legislative capacity so as to vindicate the feelings
of the nation, and show that we are apart of the
mighty whole, and that we are determined tb up-
hold our rights, and maintain our honor.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it is not in oriier to
discuss the merits of a proposition on a motiort
to make a subject a special order; and I shall ha^e
to ask the Chair to enforce the rule, because we
shall have the whole debate on our foreign rela-
tions; and the motion we now have before us is
one which will supersede the special order and
everything else, unless we have a vote on it. I
hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to vote,
and let us go on; because,-if they'dctermine to
postpone the appropriation bills to take up this
subject, then I think we ought to take up the
resolution of the Senator from New York, and
prolong the session. Two weeks more will not
do it; it will take a month at this rate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to Senators that the subject is not under
discussion. The question is on fixing a time for
discussion. The question before the Senate is on
making the subject the special order for a par-
ticular period.
Mr. PUGII. I have waited for the last four or
five days for the Senator from Virginia toget his
appropriation bill outofthe way; but if theliours
of the Senate are to be taken up in these Senate
resolutions fixing the order of time for considering
subjects, I feel it my duty to call up for consider-
ation the question of privilege which I reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. It has
been decided to be a question of privilege, and I
call for its present consideration. It is the reso-
lution relative to the seats of the Senators from
Indiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. Is not this question pending?
' Mr. PUGH. If it leads to no debate, I am
willing Senators should take the vote 0,11 this mo-
tion; but if it is to involve further discussion, I
shall insist on taking up the question of privilege.
Mr. SLIDELL. I merely wish, before this
| bill is made the special order, to give notice of an
! amendment. It is a proposition authorizing the
| President, under certain circumstances, to sus-
; pond the operation of the neutrality laws, which
| 1 intend to offer as an amendment to the bill. I
I ask that the amendment may bo printed,
j It was ordered to be printed,by geneial consent.
I Mr. HUNTER. Let us vote on the question,
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
| the amendment of the Senator from Michigan to
| the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to make
I the report and bill the special order for Saturday.
I Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will with-
j draw that motion.
j Mr. PUGH. I do not think it is necessary to
put that question. They can be called up when-
i ever a majority of the Senate are ready to con-
' Siller theui. I propose my question of privilege
, to the Senate. They may make any disposition
I of it they think proper. I ask the Senate to take
; up the report of the Committee 011 the Judiciary
i 011 the contested-election case from Indiana.
I Mr. HUNTER. I hopetheSenatorfromMich-
' igan will withdraw his amendment, and let us see
i if wc cannot vote down the motion.
! Mr. STUART. Very well. If the Senator
j from Virginia wishes it, I withdraw my amend-
ment.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
! is 011 the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] to make this subject the special
; order for twelve o'clock to-morrow.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays,
; resulted—yeas 16, nays 37; as follows;
' YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Clinsman,
' Davis, Green, Givm, Houston, Iverson, Kennedy, Maaou,
! Polk, Tush, U'-xl, and Shdeil—16.
I NAYS—Bayard, Bright, Broderick, Brown,Cam-
cron. Chandler, Ulaik, Clay, Coltamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
! Doohtllc, iJuikac, Fea^enden, Fuel), Fitzpatrick, Foot,
i Fo.-tcr, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson
! of Arkansas, Joucs, Kinu, Maflory, Pearcn, heward, Sira-
i inon.>, tStuait, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, W right,
j and Valef—37.
| So the motion was not agreed to; and the bill
! Lakes its place on the Calendar,
j appropriation bills.
I A message from the House of Representatives,
: by Mr. Alliens its Clerk, announced that the
, | House had passed the following bills, in -which
.the concuircncc of the Senate was requested:
