1858.1
APPENDIX TO TI-IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5<Q
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Arrest of Walker—Central America—Mr. Window.
Ho. of Reps.
the duties and restraints which obtain among the
civilizedcommunitiesofChristendom. Informing
their Constitution and federated form of govern-
ment, they reserved to the States and to the peo-
ple all such powers as, by that Constitution and
the laws made under it, they had not conferred
upon Congress and the Executive. The President
has no power, therefore,except such as the Consti-
tution confers upon him, or the laws made in pur-
suance of it invest him with. He has no inherent
powers. If he assume to do an act, he must show
that the power to do it is there written. Without
authority of law he cannot arrest a citizen for the
violation of law; nor can he use the land or naval
forces of the country except by special grant of
power. Although he takes an oath to see the
laws faithfully executed, he is only to enforce,
under the requirements of the law, the judicial
process of the courts, or to use those means which
the laws empower him to use. Unless, then, by
force of the acts which are generally termed the
il neutrality laws,'" the President would have no j
right to stop a mihtaiv expedition, begun, set on \
foot, or carried on, within our jurisdiction, by our |
citizens or foreigners, against the dominions of \
a neutral Power, unless authorized by treaty, even
within our own limits, much less upon the high
seas.
Do those acts confer upon him that power, and
impose upon him that duty? 1 think the conclu-
sion that they do is irresistible, upon the face of
the acts themselves by fair legal construction and
intendment, as illustrated and explained by the his-
torical incidents and causes of their enactment. I
should have supposed there could bo no doubt of i
this conclusion, but that I have heard, from the
lipsofgentlemen for whose opinion I entertain high
respect, opposite judgment. The first act on the
statute-book is the act of 1794. Certain sections
of this act are incorporated, almost in identical
language, into the laws of 1818, heieafter to be
adverted to- The act of 1794 was passed in a
memorable era of our history, amid the early
throes of that politico! earthquake which rended
the ancient Governments of the Old World, over-
threw dynasties, and deluged Europe m blood.
The people of France had risen m the fearful
mightiness of popular power and frenzy to crush
the hoary tyranny which had so long oppressed
them. It was natural that the generous impulses
of our country should have been aroused m their
behalf; that the tender sympathies of our coun-
trymen should have been touched. We remem-
bered the services of our ancient ally; we knew
the generous stranger who left, in early youth,
the blandishments of a luxurious court to shed
his blood upon the plains of Brandy wine for our
political salvation; the carnage of besieged Sa-
vannah was fresh in our recolloction; and the men
were living who had hailed the garlands of vic-
tory, as they gracefully twined around the white
lilies of Franco and the stars and stripes of the
Union, upon the plains of immortal Yorktown.
It would have been unnatural that we should not
have felt for France, armed in a contest against
all Europe; and though, by language, religion, and
consanguinity, allied to the most powerful of her
opponents, we could not forget that England had
been to us an unkind step-mother, and France a
confiding friend. Had we followed where sym-
pathy and sentiment would lead, we had sided
with France. But cold prudence is often to be in-
voked to master tender sympathy. The clear,
calm, and imperturbable judgment of Washington,
with his uncning wisdom, marked out the straight •
and narrow path of duty, ilia eagle eye kept j
waich and ward over the rising fortunes of the j
infant and feeble Republic. The prudence and j
sternness and fortitude with which he maintained j
a strict neutrality preserved the country his valor j
won. I
At this time, the waters of the United States ;
were thronged with the cruisers of both nations,
and with the private armed vessels of France.
Captures were constantly made within our juris-
diction; and armfd expeditions were begun, set
on foot, and carried on, from within our jurisdic-
tion, against the dominion of neutral Powers.
There was no authority, by any statute, to em-
power the President to use the Army, Navy, or mi-
litia, to arrest these expeditions. If any claim had
been made to the possession, inherently, by the
Executive, of such power, such claim was so dis-
puted and resisted as to be weakened and diluted
by the difference which existed in its moral in-
fluence.
But although captures, within our waters, of
the ships of one neutral by the armed vessels of
another, were illegal, and although it might be
conceded that our own cruisers and police force
might interfere to recapture, yet the courts of ad-
miralty in the United States refused to take cog-
nizance of such seizures. These circumstances
caused the message of President Washington to
Congress in 1793, which message led to the pas-
sage of the act of the succeeding year, identical in
those sections bearing upon this controversy with
the act of 1818. I repeat here a part of the mes-
sage, which, for another purpose, I shall pres-
ently allude to:
u In like manner, as several of the courts have doubted,
unil^r paiticular circumstances, their powets to hboiatc
the vessel-* of a nation at peace, and even of a citizen of
the United States, although seized under a falt-c color of
boms; hostile propei ty, and have domed their power to hb-
eiato ccuain captures, witlnn the ptotection of our teru-
toiy, it would *ocm pioper to i emulate their jun^dielion, in
IhvMi points ; but if the Executive is to lie the le^oi t in either
of the two la«M. mentioned ea<cs, U i* hoped that he wdl ha
authorized by law to have facn ascertained by the com ts,
when, fot Ins own information, he shall request it."—lJi ev-
ident H'ifihinatou's message. 'Ad December, 1793; +2mu:Is of
Congress, 1793-1795, p:ige 10.
It was, then, upon the recommendation of the
President that Congress proceeded to enact the
neutrality laws. These acts were much discussed,
and, like all the great measures of legislation,
passed by close votes. Parties were rapidly ris-
ing, and party bias warped the judgment. The
section of the act with which we are now more
immediately concerned, subsequently, upon sober
second thought, received the sanction of all par-
tics. It is as follows:
Sko. 8. A)td bo it farther ciiadcj. That in oveiy oa«o
m winch a ve-sel shall be lilted out and armed, or attempted
to be fitted out and aoned, or in which the lbiec of any
ves«ei of war, ci ui?-cr, oi othei armed vc.-sr I, s-hall lie m-
cieased or augmented, or in which anv nnhtarv expedition
or enterprise bhall be begun or set on loot, connaiv to the
piovisions and prohibitions of this act; and m eveiyca^o
of the captuic of a ship oi vessel within the jurisdiction or
piotection of the United States, a* before defined, and in
evcrv case nt winch any jMoce^ i-^utn<i our of any couitof
the United rttateft shall bi di^obov ui or iCM^ted by any pei-
son or pew>n^ having the custody of any vessel of war,
cunscr, or othei aimed vessel, of any foiemn prince or State,
oi ot any colony, district, oi 'people, oi of any subj-ew or
citizens of any foreign prince or State, or of any colony,
district, oi people—ill eveiy such case it shall he lawful for
the President of the United Stau s, oi such other poison as
he shall hdve empowered toi lhat puipose, to cmplu) such
pait of the land or naval fence; of the United Stare?, oi of
the inihna theieof, loi the purpose of tailing po-se^ion of
and detaining any such ship oi vessel, with her pnze or
prizes, it any, m order to the execution of the prohibitions
and penalties of this act, and to the te.-tOiinir the pn/.e or
prizes in the cares in which leHoiations shall have been
adjudged; and al-o for the puiposc of picventnig the dr-
iving on of any ^uch expedi'ion oi enterpnse lioni the tc i-
i it ones oi j mi-diction ol the united State.- aioiintst the t em-
tones or dominions of any foieign pr.nce or State, or of any
colony, district, or people, with whom the United States
are at peace."
The actof 1794 was temporary in its duration,
but was continued by the act of 1797, and in 1800
made perpetual, meeting with not much opposi-
tion at either of those periods of enactment.
Thus stood the law until the rise of the troubles
in South America. The same state of things ex-
isted as had occuired in 1794. Spain was loud m
her complaints of the military expedition begun, set
on foot, and carried on. from our jurisdiction against
her power in her revolted colonies, and against
the fitt'n<2: out, arming, and equipping vessels of
war in our ports for their service. No provision
of law existed, in the acts of 1791-97, to forbid
a citizen fiom arming and equipping within our
limits, vessels designed to act against the Spanish
American colonies, and selling them to foreigners
for that purpose. So that a citizen, and a for-
eigner could conjointly do with impunity that
which neither of them separately might do: nor
was there authority to detain a vessel thus fitted
out by compelling from the suspected persons
surety against the infraction of the law. There
was, in fact, no preventive process.
"It is found, [''aid President Madison m In^ message of
26th December, 1816,] that the existing law.-, have not the
efficacy necessary to prevent violations of the obligations of
the United States, as a nation at peacc toward belligerent
parties and other unlawful acts upon Iho.hUJi seas by armed
vessels equipped within the waters of the United States."
The passage of the act of 1817 follows this
executive recommendation, enlarging the powers
conferred by the act of 1794. After the revolt of
the slaves of St. Domingo had happened, and
under the supposed authority of the act of 1794,
the Eagle, a vessel fitting out in our waters, for
the use of the insurgents, was seized by the offi-
cialsofthe Government. In a suitbroughtagainst
the collector, and at this time finally decided, it
was found that the acts of 1794 and 1817. did not
cover the case, and heavy damages, ranging over
one hundred thousand dollars, were awarded.
This led to the act of 1818, a reenactment of the
former laws, adding the words colony, district,
or people, with some like verbal amendments.
These acts were opposed with warmth by the
Speaker, Mr. Clay, then, as after, so distin-
guished. He felt, as our whole country did, the
liveliest sympathy with the Spanish-American
colonists m their struggle for independence. It
is to bo observed, however, that in the debates no
opposition was made to the seventh and eighth
sections, which were substantial copies of the
sections of the acts of 1794.
Indeed, Mr. Clay, in effect, expressed himself
satisfied with these. Speaking of the act of 1794,
and of the causes which led to its passage, to wit:
the desire of President Washington to maintain
our neutrality, he says:
'• 11 that law dul not^rcach the ca^e, which lie understood
to be doubtful, homsoTiie judicial deci-ions, he was willing
to lei'i-d.ite so fm as to make it comprehend it. Finther
than "that he would not go."
It will be thus seen that he approved the act of
1794, and expicssrd his willingness to enlarge it;
and, indeed, there was no serious objection to its
reenactment, the opposition having been directed
toward the now sections ingrafted upon it. In-
deed, the House never divided upon those sec-
tions.
In this connection, I am free to say that the in-
clination of my opinion is, that some modification
of the neutrality laws would be proper; not, how-
ever, m this eighth section; owl that f believe them
to bo more stringent than those of any other peo-
ple; and 1 think the President, for obvious reasons,
ought to have the power to suspend them, in
proper eases. ] am willing, when the measures
prepared by my honorable friend from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Q/titman] come up for discussion, to
go into a caiei'ul examination of the subject.
Such being the history of th^sc enactments we'
arc load to inquire if, under them, as connected
with the present matter of investigation, the Pres-
ident has the power to use the naval forces of the
country to arrest an armed expedition, begun and
aO on fool within our jurisdiction,and from thence
carried on against the dominions of a rifeutral upon
the high seas. That Congress has the power to
pass a law for that purpose will, I think, be con-
ceded; for Congtess has the power to define, and
punish offenses against the law of nations; and it
is the duty of a nation at peace, towards belliger-
ent Powers, and a fortiori towards a neutral, to
prevent armed expeditions leaving her territory
to make war against them, whether for power, or
plunder, or in fulfillment of some supposed " high
mission" or led by some " manifest destiny."
Has Congress done so ? I think such is the true
construction of the act. Those who think differ-
ently, argue that the seventh section of the act
defines our jurisdiction, and limits it to the ma-
rine league, or three miles from the shore; and
that in the construction of the eighth section, the
words '' from the territories, or jurisdiction of the
United States," in the last paragraph, are to^be
explained by the words {< within the jurisdiction
of the United States, as above defined," to wit: de-
fined in the .seventh section. But, sir, the seventh
section of the act was inserted for the purpose of
confemngon the distiict courts of the United
States, sitting as courts of admiralty, the jurisdic-
tion over seizures and captures of vessels viola-
ting the provisions of this statute. If a neutral
cruiser had, within the waters of the Chesapeake,
captured the vessel of a another neutral, and the
cruisers of the United States had interfered, the
question would not have been one of prize or no
prize, as I take it, and it became therefore ne-
cessary to enlarge the jurisdiction of the district
court to cover such a case as well as to enforce
the penalties denounced m the statute, at the suit
of any informer: thus increasing and cnlaiging
