1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
of defending the country than has existed from
the beginning of the Government until the present
time. The great power of the Government, its
greatly increased physical power and its conse-
quently increased moral power, the civilizing and
the subjugation of those powerful tribes who once
occupied the country east of the Mississippi, have
tended to remove the grounds of alarm that for-
merly existed.
The Creeks, the Cherokees, and the Choctaws,
of the South, have been removed beyond the Mis-
sissippi; and the powerful bandsof northwestern
Indians who once gave so much trouble, have
been subjugated and nearly destroyed and anni-
hilated. Those Indians at one time almost defied
the entire power of the Republic, from 1790 to
1800. They are gone, and wc have but a few
miserable, disjointed, fragmentary tribes on this
and the other side of the Rocky Mountains, with-
out a single element of military strength. As the
Secretary of War has said, they are roaming vaga-
bonds, without culture, without any means for
carrying on war except simply their bows and
arrows; they are naked and defenseless, and give
us no other trouble than to catch them. There is
no force of Indians on this continent, within the
limits of the United States, capable of fighting
two thousand of our soldiers. There has not
been an embodiment of Indiansin thecountry for
the last twenty-five years capable of fighting two
thousand of our men.
If Senators will look into the history of the
tribes west of the Rocky Mountains, they will find
that it is said many of these wars are made, and
they may be made for all I know, forthe purpose
of leading to the expenditure of public money.
It shows how little the Indians are regarded by
the community, if it be true. I have known sim-
ilar charges wrongfully made about other sections
of the country, and they may be wrongfully made
about these people west of the Rocky Mountains,
in regard to which wc have greater difficulty in
getting at the truth. But it is absolutely certain,
as I have stated, that there is no prospect, nor is
there scarcely a possibility that, at least within
any brief space of time, before the militia of the
country, the natural and legitimate and just de-
fense of the people in all free Governments, ran
be collectcd together, a force of Indians capable
of meeting two thousand United States troops can
be mustered anywhere on the North American
continent.
The proposition is to make this addition to the
Army as a peimanent peace establishment; and I
admit the chairman of the committee nvets it
franklyand fairly. He docs not basethisincrease
of the Army on our present Mormon difficul-
ties; he does not even base it on our present
supposed Indian difficulties; but he puts it on
the broad, naked principle that the public neces-
sities require the enlargement of the military ser-
vice of the United States. Upon that, I propose
to meet him. it is true we are appealed to by
other Senators, who refer us to the condition of
a couple of regiments that, I believe, we have in
the mountains between this and Utah. We are
able to bring sixteen thousand men, or such por-
tion of them as may be necessary, to their aid,
whenever theycan be got there. It is very cer-
tain that no great increase of the force in Utah is
either necessary or possible to be used. It is not
supposed, I believe, by the officers there, whose
reports and letters I ha,ve looked into, that five
thousand men could be used there, or would be
necessary to be used if we had them there. I
presume, if the President had command of one
hundred thousand men, he would not place five
thousand m Utah. The cost of maintainingthem
would be great. The whole difficulty with the
enemy, according to the present opinions of the
military men of the Government,it seems to me,
is that we shall have to run down the Mormons
from the mountains when we get to Salt Lake
City, and about two x-egiments are within one
hundred and fifty miles ot that place. It is ridicu-
lous to suppose that this man Brigham Young,
is able to compete with three thousand troops of
the United States. Then the Army establishment,
as now proposed, will give you ten thousand men
more than were ever used before, for the ordinary
defense of the Republic. It will leave you twelve
thousand men to take care of the Indian frontier,
and give you ten thousand men to march against
Brigham Young in Utah. Is not that enough?
I leave out of account the reasons adroitly
seized upon by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs yesterday, that a portion of the
army in Kansas had prevented one side from
killing the other. I believe the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] said his side
would have slaughtered the whole of their oppo-
nents; and my honorable colleague [Mr. Iverson]
said that, without the Army, his people would
have killed them all. I do not know how that is,
nor do I care. I think the country would never
suffer much, if both of them  
Mr. IVERSON. My colleague d oes not mis-
represent mc intentionally?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly not.
Mr. IVERvSON. I said nothing about my
people killing the Mormons.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not assert it. The state-
ment was that they would kill the Abolitionists
in Kansas.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes. I did not say my people,
but I thought the Missouri people would have
put them down pretty effectually. That is what
I meant.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will not go into the contro-
versy at all. The matter has not been tested. I
leave that question; but I brought it up to enter
my dissent to usin^ the Army for any such pur-
pose. I will not give a man of the Army of the
United States to maintain the civil peace of this
country. I tell you the history of forty centuries
has demonstrated that order obtained oy regular
soldiers is despotism; and that peace obtained by
regular soldiers is the cemetery of liberty; and I
will never gi vea man for that purpose. I will main-
tain peace on no such terms; I will have order at
no such cost. If the freemen of this country
cannot maintain their own laws of themselves,
they are unlit to govern themselves, and I shall
not moan at any amount of destruction which
they may mutually commit. I shall notendanger
the public liberty of twenty-five millions of free-
men to compose the difficulties of two, three, five,
or ten thousand men, on any side of a local con-
troversy, in any part of the United States.
I know that it is just as impossible for the
Ethiop to change his skin, or the leopard his spots,
as for a regular army to be the friend of Tiberty.
Always, in all ages, in all times, and in all coun-
tries, it has been the instrument of despotism.
There is not a despotism in the world that could
stand ninety days without this infamous instru-
ment of oppression. How is the glorious Empire
of France upheld to-day ? How are the Italian
people to-day held subject to a foreign Power ? It
is unnecessary to designate nations; but point to
a country on the face of the earth where despot-
ism tramples liberty under foot, and I will show
you a country where it is upheld, not by the peo-
ple, but by military power—by a regular army.
They are the natural allies of despotism every-
where. They always have been, and they always
will be. We are departingfrom the great, sound,
and fundamental principles of our ancestors when
we look to a standing army to maintain public
order.
Then I must throw out thatelement which is of-
fered me by the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee. J do not rejoice at peace which is maintained
on those terms; I do not rejoice at order which is
secured by the bayonets of mercenaries in the pay
of the Government. Then dismissing that as an
element, I notice another objection which is made
by the honorable chairman. I do not propose to
alter the principle we have followed with so much
success from the beginning of the Government,
and for which he so justly complimented the late
distinguished Senator from South Carolina, Mr.
Calhoun. His proposition to add thirty com-
panies, 1 say, does alter the Army as left by Mr.
Calhoun, and my proposition secures it in all its
justproportionsand symmetry. His organization
of the regiment was ten companies. It is true
this is a small point; but we are urged to main-
tain Mr. Calhoun's principles, and I am endeav-
oring to do it. I am maintaining them as he left
them. I am maintaining the regiments as he left
them when Secretary of War, if that is to be the
model. He left the regiments with ten companies
as the skeleton. He left it so in order that it
might be enlarged on the occasion of war with
any Power great or small, for the reasons so much
better stated by the honorable chairman than I
can state them. Our dispute is not whether we
shall maintain the skeleton system—I shall not
differ from the Senator from Mississippi on that
point—but solely as to the size of the skeleton;
and lam maintaining it precisely on theprinciples
which he has so well presented to the Senate. I
am for preserving the skeleton of the Army a«
fixed by Mr. Calhoun. We have nowfrom twelve
to thirteen hundred officers; we have fifty-two
men in each company on the peace establishment,
capable of being enlarged, capable of letting in
raw recruits to the extent of fifty other men on
the war establishment. That gives you, I admit,
a strongly increased effective force for an emer-
gency, and 1 am for maintaining it. But in order
to get more, the Senator from Mississippi wants
to enlarge the skeleton, and I do not. That is the
difference between us. I do not think he can take
much by referring to the wisdom or acknowl-
edged patriotism of Mr. Calhoun, for I am ntft
only defending his principles but for exercising
it just as he exercised it, and executed the military
law when he was Secretary of War.
I am very glad to find so great an authority with
me, though 1 am free to confess, that such is my
jealousy of strengthening the standing Army of
this country, that I should disregard all authority
that attempted to shake those principles whica
have grown with my growth and strengthened
with my strength. All experience and all history
have taught me that standing armies are danger-
ous to public liberty. If you cannot maintain
order, if you cannot maintain the law, if the
regular operations of the Government cannot go
along, then set up a military despotism, as they
do in Prance, Austria, and the German States;
but if you build up a standing Army, for the pur-
pose of maintaining order, you have already sub-
verted your Government. The very enunciation
of the principle is a subversion of the fundamental
ideas on which your Government was built. We
have acted on the idea that the freemen of the
country are capable of maintaining the law, of
maintaining peace, of maintaining order. If that
is wrong, if that is not true, if we have been mis-
taken, then our Government is a failure. It may
be so; but I am not, as yet, willing to admit it.
While I am notable to express the confidence that
was felt twenty years ago, and which I then felt
in common with many of the people of the United
States, as to its final success, I am at least not
yet prepared to give it up.
Then, what are the other reasons ? I do not
want an increase of the Army to secure public
order. There is no occasion for H on account
! of the condition of the Indians. We have, as 1
i before stated, not us many of them, and not as
; powerful races as formerly. The time was, when,
! on the frontier, in my own State, the Indians
' would bring twenty thousand man into the field.
1 They foughtyemr disciplined armies with one of
j the greatest American commanders, face to face,
I in some of the greatest pitched battles fought on
' your continent. They fought General Jackson,
i and other distinguished leaders. Where are they
! now? Where are their armies? Where is their
i material ? Where is their organization? It is
! now openly chargcd by many gentlemen, as a
[ reason for the increase of the Army, that Indian
| wars are got up by the people for the profit grow-
■ ing out of them That is the allegation. So little
' dangerous have they become, so little do they
' alarm even the irregular militia, that it is openly
| charged in the Senate Chamber, and the other
- House, that the border people themselves get up
' these wars so that they may plunder the public
i Treasury. Suppose that is true. I am not in-
dorsing it; I know nothing of it. I should hope
it were not true. I do not believe it is true, as
applied to any considerable body of people. But
if it is true, will your Army prevent it? How
will your Army prevent it ? You cannot put ten,
fifteen, or twenty thousand men all along the In-
dian border, within supportingdistarices, on your
vast frontier. You must have a small force at
various points as you have now. 1 he difficulty
is, that the people may make these Indian wars,
and call out the militia for the purpose of drawing
money from your Treasury, as is alleged, before
any considerable regular force can be got there.
There ispn our table a document in relation to a
quarrel between a general in the United States
Army,"a man distinguished in the field, and these
very settlers, when he was on the ground, for re*
' fusing to use the troops of the United States. The
