m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
settlers, he said, got up the war for the purpose
of plunder. How is it to be prevented? There
is no preventive anywhere but here. It is the
business of Congress to inquire into it, to use the
best means for ascertaining whether these wars
are got up regularly or irregularly, and whether
they are legal or not. If they areillegal,theauthors
of them should be punished by law, and Congress
should refuse to pay the expenses of the war. If
I am answered that this cannot be done, then I
respond, that it is one of those evils of free gov-
ernment that you must pay for. If it is true that
you cannot get men honest enough to inquire into
the facts, and that you have no means of getting
information, and are necessarily plundered, then
you must submit to itas one of the necessary evils
of your extension. It cannot be shown that the
Army can prevent it. It is said that the Indians
do not make the wars, but the settlers. Then,
you want the Army not to repress the Indians,
but to repress the freemen. If the argument has
any force, it is that, and that alone.
He who has looked into the account of the In-
dian war beyond the Rocky Mountains can very
• readily perceive that at no time have three thou-
sand Indians ever been embodied, unless on some
treaty-making occasion, to getgoods and money.
Those are the only occasions now, on which we
ever see three thousand Indians together. How
can they maintain themselves? They are unciv-
ilized necessarily from the condition of the coun-
try, scattered into little valleys, without the means
of carrying on war; they aie really helpless, and
dependent on the Government of the United States
for subsistence. The Senate, not more than
twelve months ago, was called upon, and will no
doubt, at this very session, be called upon again,
to appropriate thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars to feed the poor Indians in Cali-
fornia,in the Northwest, and in Texas. We were
told that that policy was going to diminish the
necessity for armies; that it was better to feed
them than to light them; that that policy was hu-
mane, philanthropic, just, and, above all, that it
was economical. But while we are spending our
hundreds of thousands of dollais on the " eco-
nomical" idea of feeding the Indians, we arc, on
the other hand, spending our millions to increase
our means of defense against them ' That is the
very inconsistent policy which this body is called
upon to maintain at this session. 1 did not believe
in the feeding policy. I do not believe savage
tribes can be kept in subordination except by
force. I believe it to be a necessary ingredient in
their government, and I think the present Army
of the United Slates is adequate to all the pur-
poses of keeping them in tenor. I believe they
are not to be restrained by any other motive than
the fear of punishment; and that is not very pe-
culiar to Indians, but the same remark applies to
a great number of other people.
We are again told, as a reason for this increase,
that the militia arc a more expensive arm of de-
fense. The chairman of the committee puts it on
that alone; he does not put it on the Mormon
war, or Indian disturbances; but, as a reason for
this permanent addition to the peace establish-
ment of the country, it is said that the militia are
a more expensive arm of defense. To prove this,
the honorable Senator read some reports as to
what moneys were expended in the Rogue river
war. The sum of $75,000 was one of the items;
$900,000 was another. Here is a fundamental
error. 1 know it has been the Army idea; I know
it has been dinned in our ears for twenty years
by the persons here at the head of the Army, that
the militia was an exceedingly expensive force in
suppressing insurrection or Indian disturbances.
I am prepared to combat that assertion; it is not
true. In the first place, if the militia are called
into the service of the United States, they are sub-
ject to the same rules and get the same pay as the
Army, with this disadvantage, which I have felt
in my own person—they are not half as good ill
making out accounts as those who are used to
them. Itis impossible that they can get more pay,
or more rations, ormore transportation. Theyare
paid by the same schedule, and you cannot get
one dollar more for these men, because the regu-
lar officers are generally, almost universally, the
paymasters in Indian disturbances. The accounts
are passed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. You call a man temporarily from his plow,
from lus (arm, and put him in the service of the
country; you pay him for the time you want him,
and then discharge him to go and make his own
living. But get a regiment added to the Army,
and when do you get rid of it? In such cases as
the great war of the Revolution your men disband
easy enough, because there is nothing with which
to pay them. At the end of the last war with
Great Britain we disbanded them, but we soon
afterwards increased the Army. After the war
with Mexico we found that the difficulty was so
great of disbanding the Army, even in time of
peace, that the American Congress were doubtful
even of their own ability to bring it within any
reasonable scope. With a foreign war on our
hands, the very acts raising the regiments limited
their duration to the war. We got rid of those
regiments by that provision in the act raising
them, and in no other way; and even then, in one
mode or another, by special acts increasing the
general officers, many of those gentlemen are still
in the service of the United States.
It is not so when you call out volunteers and
militia-men, whoare much better fitted for this ser-
vice, and have done more of it; for I verily believe
that, if the repression of Indian hostilities belonged
to the Army of the United States, to this day half
my State would have been covered by Indians.
We never had any troops there from 1775, until
the Government sent them there to protect the In-
dians against us. Those were the first we had.
The first soldier that ever made a track on the
frontiers of Georgia was there to protect the In-
dians against us. I believe the honorable Sena-
tor did say that volunteers were very apt to com-
mit great cruelties and kill the Indians. I think
they are apt to hurt somebody if they fight. That
is one advantage of having the Army: they hurt
very few Indians! They are not the description
of troops who are likely to do it. Sir, you un-
derstand these regular troops; you and I know
them, and probably both of us have served with
them. You might just as well expect an upland
colt to run down an antelope as, with the regular
troops, attempt to run down an Indian. They
are not suited to it; and, therefore, when we had
real Indian difficulties, you had to cover your fron-
tier with citizen soldiers and end the war. I have
seen thousandsnnd thousands who have been sub-
dued by volunteers, carried to the distant West
by them. Very little of that work has been done
by regulars.
There is a remarkable fact that I will state. I
think, duiing the period of the independence of
Texas, about four companies of rangers defended
her frontier from Arkansas all the way around to
the Rio Grande, and down that river to the Gulf
of Mexico—aline of not less than three thousand
miles. Now, we send company upon company,
regiment upon regiment there, at the most tre-
mendous cost, expending an amount of money
that Texas never dreamed of in her most extrav-
agant days, and yet theyare not as well defended
as they were then, notwithstanding Texas, at that
time, had less than fifty thousand inhabitants, and
is now supposed to have half a million. Four
companies of Texas rangers were more effective
for the defense of the frontier than five regiments
of United States soldiers. Volunteers are ready
at all times. They will break into your Army
whenever you invito them. There has never been
a day or an hour within thirty years, whenever
you wanted volunteers for temporary purposes,
to defend you against Indians or other enemies,
that your volunteers and militia have not leaped
forward with an alacrity that gave no other trou-
ble than to select from among them. If they cost
more foramonth ora year, you can disband them
when you do not need them; but get your regular
regiment, and you keep it for ten years at least.
There is another very remarkable fact with ref-
erence to Mr. Calhoun's administration of the
War Department. I speak from memory (but I
know I speak with accuracy, for I once had this
question before me) when 1 say that during the
administration of the War Department by Mr.
Calhoun, he brought down the expense per man
in the Army to $~73. It has now gone up, it
seems, according to the estimates even of the le-
gitimate expenses of the Army, tc moie than one
thousand dollars a man.
Mr. HAMLIN. The legitimate expense is
,500 per man.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Maine says
the legitimate expense is $1,500 aman. There is
nothing in the times to warrant this increased ex-
penditure. A bushel of wheat is as cheap as it
was in 1816 or 1818. The ration you give vour
soldier is about as cheap as it was then. "You
have made a small addition to the pay of the men
and a large one to the pay of officers, it is true;
but that is comparatively a small item. Smce you
have got them remote from the center, since you
have got them on distant frontiers, since you have
lost accountability, your expenses are daily in-
creasing in geometrical progression, without the
least regard to the cost of living; and it must be
arrested. I was glad to see the Senate lay its
hand onthat yesterday,when only eight men here
could be found who would countenance this rec-
ommendation of the addition of five regiments to
the regular Army.
This bill—and I would call the attention of the
Senate particularly to that fact—adds thirty com-
panies, equal to three regiments, to the present mili-
tary organization, with all their officers, except
field officers. It is taking three instead of five
regiments—that is the difference between the first
section of this bill and the proposition of the War
Department. The section which I seek to strike
out adds two companies to each regiment, making
an addition of thirty companies to the whole
Army, equal to three regiments of ten companies
each. By this section, therefore, you are adding
three regiments to the Army, to the same extent
as the present regiments in number, except the
regimental officers. That I do not propose to
do.
There has been no want of power in the Pres-
ident to send troops to aid our soldiers in Utah;
and at any time last summer he could have added
two, three, or four thousand men to the Army
under the present power, for the numbers of each
company can be carried from fifty-two to seventy-
four, according to the existing law. If this bill
should become a law, the difficulties will be set-
tled before the first man ever reaches there, unless
it be an officer. Before the first soldier, raised by
your bill, crosses the Rocky Mountains, I say the
difficulty there will have terminated, and the ne-
cessity for them will cease to exist. That argu-
ment is used, therefore, merely as a pretext for
permanently saddling the country with an enor-
mously expensive military establishment. An
Army of twenty-five thousand men, as was justly
remarked by the Senator from New Hampshire
the other day, is equal to an Army of one hun-
dred thousand men twenty-five years ago. Con-
sidering our means of transportation to the inte-
rior, the facilities of railroads and steamboats,
and the power of rapid combination, twenty-five
thousand men are a more effective military force
to-day than one hundred thousand would have
been twenty-five years ago. Where, then, is the
necessity, if you do not intend to enforce your
laws in Massachusetts and New York ? We do
not want them enforced by your Army in Geor-
gia. There is not a soldier there, and has not
been for ten years. The last one I believe that
was in the Slate came there to help the Indians
against us; but since that time there has not been
a single one, and I hope never to see another—I
hope never to see the sole of the foot of a Federal
soldier press the soil of Georgia If she cannot
defend herself, I am willing to see her dig her
own grave.
Mr. STUART. I propose to make some re-
marks on this subject myself; but it will be rec-
ollected that the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] was entitled to the floor on another sub-
ject which was assigned for one o'clock to-day,
and I therefore move to postpone all priororders,
and take up the joint resolution (S. No. 7) direct-
ing the presentation of a medal to Commodore
Hiram Paulding, together with the report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations on the same sub-
ject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution on
which the Senator from Maryland is entitled to
the floor is the next special order after the dis-
position of this one. What disposition does the
Senator propose to make of this?
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone all prior
orders. That will give us an opportunity to pro-
ceed again with this bill to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. It would be very agreeable to me
to answer the Senator from Georgia at this time,
but I know I am indebted to the courtesy of the
Senator from Maryland for the ability to discusa
