THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
A bill (No. 561) Making appropriations for the
support of the three regiments of volunteers au-
thorized by the act of Congress approved April
7, 1858; and
A bill (No. 555) to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1858.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, these bills were
read twice by their titles and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
INDtANA SENATORIAL ELECTION*
Mr. PUGH. I call up the question of privilege
in regard to the seats of the Senators from Indi-
ana.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order for me to move
to postpone the question of privilege and all other
business, in order to take up the miscellaneous
appropriation bill?
TRe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so.
Mr. HUNTER. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 200) making appropriations for certain
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1859.
Yesterday, Mr. Fitch, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, presented an
amendment for the construction of certain post
offices, to which Mr. Polk moved to add:
For tile erection of a building for a custom-house and the
courts of the United States at Jeli'erson City. Missouri,
,$30,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that this amendment was decided not to be
in order by the Presiding Officer who occupied the
chair yesterday, and an appeal was taken; and
upon the appeal tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I was addressing the Chair on
the subject of the appeal when the Senate ad-
journed yesterday. I do not desire to consume
the time of the Senate unnecessarily. I believe
the subject is as well understood now as it would
be if 1 were to elaborate it. I made remarks
•which, perhaps, had reference to the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] from which he exculpated
himself; and 1 beg leave, therefore, to say that 1
do not desire (o apply them to him, but to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] The points
I made I will merely recapitulate: that the mere
technical rule is a very harsh and aibitmry one,
in derogation of the common rights of Senators
and of States, and it therefore ought to bo most
strictly construed by the strictest letter of the
rule. It does not apply to the pending.amend-
ment, and for that reason I think the decision of
the. Chair was incorrect; but if it bo the resolve
of the Senate to vote down all these propositions,
I am content to permit Missouri to abide by the
fate of the other States. I am not willing, how-
ever, to see that State slipped over, and made an
exception. I want them all to stand alike. Equal-
ity is equity.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I believe I was
the cause of the interruption which took place last
night. I avowed it at the time. I was a little
amused myself throughoutthe whole transaction;
and the remark which gave rise to it was one that
is very usual under such circumstances. 1 must
say now, that our friend from Missouri was en-
tirely unconscious that he was consuming a great
deal more time than the sense of the Senate could
possibly concur in believing was necessary. It
was merely asafriendly suggestion thatlcried out
" question," thinking ho would take it as a hint;
certainly with no other intention. As to the re-
marks made to the Senator from Alabama, I did
not consider them very severe, by any manner of
means; but if I am now to understand them dif-
ferently from what I did then, as they are to be
applied to me, I shall have to ask what they were.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think it necessary to re-
peat the remarks, I did not object to them be-
cause of what we-s said; but I thought it would
perhaps shorten the question if I should let the
Senator from Missouri know he was shooting at
the wrong mark. I do not think there was any-
thing to wound the sensibililv ofmv friend from
Arkansas, and I hope the Senator from Missouri
will not repeat them. We shallsee them in print
after a while in the Globe.
Mr. GREEN. I shall not consume time. It
was not for the Senate merely that I was speak-
ing. There are responsibilities resting on Sena-
tors to discharge their duty to the satisfaction of
their constituents at home; and sometimes the
Senate may be a little tired of a subject. But
you want to prove to the people whom you rep-
resent that you are doing your duty. I was
speaking with that view; not to satisfy the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, but to satisfy a higher pow-
er—the great State of Missouri.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. The great State
of Missouri has no more rights here than any
other; certainly no more than Arkansas, and Ark-
ansas does not respect her any more.
Mr. STUART. I am not desirous of extend-
ing this debate; I only wish to do now what I
could not do in the chair so well—make a sugges-
tion or two in regard to the apparent distinction
attempted to be made by the Senator from Mis-
souri. He concedes that the rule excludes an
amendment to an appropriation bill, the effect of
which is to increase the appropriation; but he
insists that when there is an amendment to that
bill pending, a member may offer to amend that
amendment to any amount. Now, sir, this is not
a harsh construction; it is a fair construction of
the rule. If the question of order cannot be made
when the amendment to the amendment is pend-
ing, it cannot be made at all, because the amend-
ment proposed by a committee is in order. If an
individual member can amend that amendment
to the sum of $1,000,000, that amendment, being
amended, is not open to the question of order; and
it would therefore be a mere evasion, and an en-
tire evasion, of the whole rule. The fair con-
struction of the rule is, in my judgment, the true
construction; not an extended one, not a very
strict one, but a fair construction. That construc-
tion, and that alone, will ea. ry out the rule, and it
was that construction which I gave.
Mr. BROWN. I want only a moment to say
that there is nothing at all extraordinary in pro-
posing this amendment,in this connection. I find,
by reference to the Journal of March 2, 1855,
that:
" On motion of Mr. IV! \son to amend the bill"—
the civil and diplomatic bill—
by inserting after luio ono thousand and (iftyeif.'hr, {to
reimburse Commodore! M. C. Terry, of tlie United States
Navy, the t:\ti-aoidinaiy expenses meuired liy Inni,' iste.,
" Mr. Toomiis moved to amend tlie amendment, by pro-
posing to add:
"And the Secretary of the Treasuiy is hereby directed
to pay, out of any money in tlie Troasmy not otherwiso ap-
piupnatcd, to Robert c. Schenck, of Ohio, his full compen-
sation, &c., 920,000."
On the same day—
t; A motion being made by Mr. Mason, from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to amend the bill by inserting:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, aad he is heic-
by, (lue«t,cd to audit and settle the accounts of George I*.
Marsh, &.C.,
" Mr. Sewarh moved to amend by adding:
" And that the sum of $18,000 be paid to John S. Pendle-
ton," &.c.
There was no pretense that either the proposi-
tion, moved at that day by the Senator from Geor-
gia, or the one moved by the Senator from New
York, came from any committee. They were
moved simply as amendments to amendments, and
were to pay money to parties who had claims
against the Government. The committee com-
menced by bringing in a proposition to pay one
man, precisely as the committee have brought in
heie the proposition to build one post office. The
Committee on Foreign Relations then brought in
a proposition to pay Commodore Perry, and the
Senator from Georgia moved an amendment to
pay Mr. Robert C. Schenck. The Senator frem
Virginia, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, brought forward a proposition to pay Mr.
Marsh; and the Senator from New York, acting
on his individual account, brings in his proposi-
tion to pay Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. SEWARD. Was the question of order
raised ?
Mr. BROWN. There was a question of order
raised, as 1 will show by the record.
Mr. CLA.Y. I was going to ask the Senator
if those propositions were not reported by com-
mittees ?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; there was no pretense
of that kind. I will read from the Globe. The
Senator from Virginia having offered an amend-,
ment in regard to Mr. Marsh, from the Commit-*
tee on Foreign Relations:
" Mr. Seward. I move to amend the amendment by
adding:
" And that the sum of $18,000 be paid to John S. Pendle-
ton, in furl compensation for his services in the missions in
which he was associated with Mr. Schenck, deducting any-
thing which lie may heretofore have received as compensa-
tion for the same.
" The Virus President. The Chair is under the impres-
sion that both amendments, the atnemlmentand tiie amend-
ment to the amendment, ate excluded by the 30th rule,
which excludes private claims."
A discussion ensued, in the course of which the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr, Toombs,J said:
"The amendment of the honorable Senator from New
York is precisely similar to one which I gave notice at the
last session I would move, if the one which I ofte,ed in le-
gard to Mr. Schenck should be approved. Those two gentle-
men, one from Virginia and one from Ohio, were engaged in
the same missions."
The discussion went on for some tijine upon
the point of order. The 'Senate ultimately de-
termined to receive the amendment, and it was
carried with the bill, and became a part of the
law. That is precisely the ground on which I
put the appeal now from the ruling of the Chair,
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads bring in a proposition to build one post
office, and I may move to amend it by adding
another post office. The Committee on Foreign
Relations proposed to pay Commodore Perry,
and I say if the rule was not violated by propos-
ing to pay somebody else, I simply insist that I
violate no rule by proposing to add another post
office.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt that on any
question of order, you can find, if you choose
to look back to the records of the Senate, a dozen
conflicting decisions, because, it seems to me,
it nearly always depends on the temper of the
body on the particular subject-matter, whether
an amendment is ruled in order or out of order.
Agreeing myself with the Chair that it is not in
order, 1 say you might as well abandon the rule
if you permit this amendment to be moved.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 11; as follows:
y HAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, liigler, Chand-
ler, Clark, Clay, Chngman, Coll,uner, Crittenden, l)i\on,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Fostei, Hale, Hainlin,
Hsu Inn, llayne, Hunter. Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, Malloiy,Mason, Pugli, Reid, Sebastian, Seward, Sli-
dell, Wade, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brodorick, Brown, Cameron,
Douglas, Vitcll, Green, Houaton, Johnson of Arkansas,
Jones, and Polk—11,
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the question recurred on the amendment of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is it in order
now to raise a question of order on the original
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A question of order
can properly come up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I raise the ques-
tion of order, that the subject of building post of-
fices under no action of the Senate has ever been
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and that they have consequently no
jurisdiction in that matter; none has been given
them liy the Senate, and therefore an amendment
offered by them, though with the sanction of their
committee, is unauthorized and not in order.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask whether there has
been by the Senate a reference of any single one
of these cases to that committee ?
Mr. FITCH. I did not answer that question
fully yesterday. I think there has not been. They
have all been brought before that committee, I
believe at the personal solicitation of the Repre-
sentatives or Senators from the different localities;
yet I do not think the question of order is well
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
order is not debatable until decided by the Chair.
If there be an appeal, that appeal will be debata-
ble. The Chair will cause the amendment to be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For the construction of a building for a custom-house and
other Government purposes, in the city of Brooklyn, State
of New York, $50,000, and also such additional sum as may
be necessary to purchase a suitable site for such bunding.
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a building
thereon, in Columbus, in the State of Ohio, tor a post office,
and ot'ier Government purposes, ssojnoo,
