1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
of Columbia whether he knows of any precedent
for such a provision as this authorizing liens upon
cattle for pasturage?
Mr. BROWN. I am not much of a man for
precedent, any way. I think the provision is
right in itself, and if it was never done before, it
ought to be done now. This is a world of prog-
ress. We are getting along very fast.
Mr. DOQLITTLE. I will simply say that the
lion law, wherever it exists, is pretty difficult to
administer; and unless there be precedent for in-
troducing a provision of this kind, it will lead to
a great deal of difficulty when it comes to be ad-
ministered. Under this provision, if a man buys
a cow, he has to look after the lien. I do not like
the provision which gives a lien, perhaps, it may
be, upon the cow of some poor widow, for pas-
turage. That is a mere matter of contract.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not understand the bill to
bear the construction that is suggested by the
Chair, or by the Senator from Mississippi. I read
a portion of the fifteenth section: "shall have a
lien upon such property for his just and reason-
able charges;" and "he may retain the posses-
sion of such property until such chargesare paid."
That is one section. Nobody objects to that at
all; but the next section provides "that if such
just and reasonable charges be fiot paid within
six months after the care, attention, and labor
shall have been performed or bestowed," the
party may sell the property. Of course, he has
not possession then. He retains the possession
after bestowing the care and labor—he has a lien;
hut if (he money is not paid within six months
after that, care orlabor shall have been performed
or bestowed, the hen continues, and he may pro-
ceed to sell the property at public auction. It
seems to nie this provides for a hen after the pos-
session has been parted with for six months.
Mr. BROWN. There is nothing new in that
provision. Everybody knows that eveiy inn-
keeper has a right to retain a horse until the
charges are paid; but if the hoise passes out of
his possession he loses his lien. Just so here.
Mr. BIGGS. This provides tor jt for six
months.
Mr. DROWN. If the property is in his pos-
session all the time; but if he loses his possession,
of course he loses his lien.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The difference between
this case and that mentioned by the Senator from
Mississippi is, that the inn-keeper is bound to
keep the horse, he is under a 1< *al obligation to
do it, but here you extend a hen to a matter of
contract. To extend itm this way, I think, would
be improper.
Mr. BROWN. I really do not see anything
wrong in it.
Mr. CLARK. The objection I have-is, that
you oblige a man to keep the propeuy too long
by obliging him to keep it six months before he
can sell. {Sometimes the property would eat itself
out in that time. The sale should be after reason-
able notice to pay the charges. 1 move to strike
out the section in regard to sale, the sixteenth sec-
tion.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senate will allow
the people here to have such laws as they want
fur themselves. 1 repeat again, that this bill has
undergone the closest arid most rigid scrutiny, i
and no citizen of the District has ever made the
slightest objection to it. it was published, I say
again, m their piinted code of laws, underwent a
close scrutiny, has been piinted by order of Con-
gress, has been in all the newspapers, and no
citizen of the District has ever once whispered to
me that there was anything wrong about it. I
have kept it back five or six weeks, waiting to
see_ whether anybody would object to it. If it
satisfies the people here, 1 think it ought to sat-
isfy us. It does not concern us in any way, so
far as I know, or concern our home constituencies.
If it pleases the people here, why not let it pass?
Mr. CLARK. I am entirely willing that the
people of the District shall have such laws as they
desire, if they are reasonable laws, and such as
Congress ought to pass. If I felt assured that the
people of the District knew that this bill was before
the Senate, and assented to it, I certainly would
not object; but the fear I have is that the people
may not know what is here. I have no assurance
that twenty men, forty men, or fifty men in all
this District have examined this provision, and
know us operation. We are guardians for the
people of the District in the passage of laws, and
I do not feel disposed to cast .off that guardian-
ship, and say that the people want this when
there is no evidence that they do want it, or have
examined it. If the Senator can assure me that
the people of the District have had their attention
called to it, and do not object to it, I shall be
willing that it shall stand.
Mr. BROWN. I have not carried the bill
around to everybody, but it has been published,
as I have said before; it has been canvassed here
in a public election; it has been printed in the
newspapers, and everybody certainly has had a
chance to see it. Being entitled a bill to secure
mechanics'liens upon houses and lots, itwas just
one of those things most likely of all others to
attract the attention of all. It concerned every-
body; it concerned mechanics; it concerncd com-
mon laborers; it concerned men of capital. I do
not know that this precise section is acceptable,
but I know the people of the District have had
ample opportunity of complaining of it if they
did not like it. If I had had my attention called
to it by anybody in the District who desired it to
be changed, I might consent to have it changed;
but I did not draw the bill, I am free to say. It
was taken bodily from the code, extracted at the
instance of certain parties here. It was brought
in because 1 was assured it was acceptable and
very desirable.
Mr. CLARK. I should certainly be against
this whole proposition if I followed the will of
the people of this District as manifested by their
vote, because I understand this bill to have been
m the code, and the code was voted down. I do
not know what evidence I have to guide me that
the people of this District prefer this bill, and if
it had stood separate, would have voted for it,
and yet voted down the rest of the code. If it has
been brought before the people of the District in
any such way that the Senator can assure rue
that it was acceptable to them, I will withdraw
the motion to amend.
Mr. BROWN. I will ask the whole Senate if
anybody has ever heard a complaint against this
bill? Has the Senator himself?
Mr. CLARK. No, sir; I will say freely that
I did not know the bill was here.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know of any way of
informing Senators that bills aie here, except by
publishing them and putting them on their tables.
Mr. CLARK. It was repot ted at some time in
the regular way. My attention might have been
called to something else. I might not have been
in my seat. At any rate, I did not understand it;
but when the bill is read here in extenso, from the
beginning to the end, and a discussion is had, it
attracts notice. I do not know that I should have
noticed this bill, it' my attention had not been
called to it by the remarks of the gentleman from
North Carolina. Now, when my attention is
called to it, lam certainly opposed to this provis-
ion ; but if I could feel assured that when the atten-
tion of the people of the District was called to it,
they would not be opposed to it, I would suffer
it to pass entirely.
On the motion to strike out the section, there
were ayes thirteen.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Is it on the section giving the lien, or on the sec-
tion that speaks of the remedy to enforce the lien ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
applying to the lemedy.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Mississippi that I do not know but
that this section may be amended so as to make it
desirable to retain it, and if it can be passed over
until we can examine it and see if we cannot make
something out of the clause, 1 will withdraw the
motion, or not press it.
Mr. BRO WN. I have no objection to passing
the bill by for the present, though I know there
is an anxiety among mechanics and builders to
have the bill passed.
Mr. CLARK. I will say that I think there
should be a reasonable time for selling the prop-
erty, and the person who has bestowed labor
ought to have a way of perfecting his lien.
Mr. BROWN. I hope this debate to-day will
be an advertisement to all Washington that this
bill is here, and if it comes up again I hope some
one will be able to state an objection to it in an
authentic form, if there is any.
Mr. PUGH. I propose to state an objection
now, if the yeas and nays are to be taken. " I ob-
ject to all these sections, after the thirteenth, and
I think the first thirteen want specific amend-
ments.
Mr. BROWN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me a moment. As the
Senator wishes to hear the objections, I prefer to
state mine now. ["No."]
Mr. BROWN. I do not care about objections.
If the bill suits the people of the District, I am
for it; if not, not.
Mr. PUGH. I think the bill ought to be
amended. I object to being committed to it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDING 9FFICER laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, in answer to a resolution adopted on
the 8th ultimo, calling for information as to the
cancelation of certain entries in the Plattsburg
land district, in Missouri; which, on motion of
Mr. Green, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
TELEGRAPH TO UTAH.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 231) to facilitate communication with the
army in Utah, for the purpose of making it the
special order at half past twelve o'clock on Mon-
Jay.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to inquire whether that
bill will on Monday take precedence of other
special orders; for instance, the Pacific railroad
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that he thinks the decisions
which have been made by the permanent Presid-
ing Officer of this body are such that, when one
o'clock arrives, the bill would be superseded by
an older special order.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to making it
the special order until we dispose of the appro-
priation bill which was up to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think this will take
up much time anyhow; and, if any action is had
on it at this session, it ought to be had immedi-
ately. I shall not press it so as to interfere with
any of the Senator's bills. I think we can take
it up on Monday morning, and settle it in a few
minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. If the gentleman will agree
to waive it at one o'clock, I have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. At one o'clock it will be laid
aside for the other special orders.
Mr. HUNTER. With that understanding, I
have no objection.
The biil was made the special order for Mon-
day at half past twelve o'clock.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF "WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN. The next bill on the Calendar
is one for the benefit of the public schools of the
city of Washington. 1 hope the Senate will pass
that without difficulty.
The bill (S. No. 191) for the benefitof the pub-
lic schools in the city of Washington, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. We have not a quorum here.
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 8, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. D. Ball.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
WASHINGTON AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. DODD. I ask to have taken up fiom the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 232, in order that
it may be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and that an amendment,
which I desire to offer to it, may be printed and
referred with it.
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 232,
to establish an auxilary guard for the protection
of persons and property in the city of Washing-
ton, and repealing all acts heretofore passed in
