1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2567
For the purchase of a site for the building for public pur-
poses, authorized to be erected at Tallahassee, by the act of
3d March. 1837, $20,000.
For a sue and building for a post office and other Gov-
ernment purposes, in Hartford, in the State of Connecticut,
the sum of $50,000.
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a building
thereon, in HarrSburg, in the State of Pennsylvania, for
post office and other Government purposes, $50,000. %
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fr"
Arkansas raises the question of order that this
amendment, though offered by a standing com-
mittee of the Senate, is not in order, because the
subject-matter has not been referred to the com-
mittee by the Senate. The Chair will cause the
30th rule to be read.
The Secretary read the 30th rule, as follows:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it be
inade to carry out the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate d uring
that session, or moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate, or ill pursuance of an estimate,1'
&e.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under that rule the
Chair decides the amendment to be in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, I appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and I do so on this
ground: whilst the rule requires such an amend-
ment to come from a standing committee in order
to be admissible, there is a parliamentary rule
which exists behind that, requiring that the com-
mittee shall properly have jurisdiction of the sub-
ject-matter. I call the attention of the Senate to
the evident injustice thatmustresultfrom a course
the contrary of this. Hitherto, it is well known
throughout the Senate, the Committee on Com-
merce has had charge of all these subjects. We
Jiave been very well aware in the Senate that from
the manner in which the Committee on Commerce
was framed, there was little, if any, hope what-
ever that anything of this sort could be obtained
from them. We are also aware that the subject-
matter of building post offices has never been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post R.oads. If notice had been given to us by
even any movement of reference of this character,
so as to enable gentlemen who had similar claims
to come before the Senate and present them to the
committee, then those of us who are here with
equal rights, in some instances, I think, far greater
rights than those cases now provided for, would
have made inquiries, and presented their cases
also. It may be thata few who happen to be upon
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have thought perhaps of their own States, and of
a few of their friends, besides. They can put on
any proposition, and have it considered and car-
ried through, while cases more meritorious are not
to be considered at ail. The desire of preventing
anything of that sort may have been one reason
of the rule; but there are other reasons. Cer-
?aimy, it isasettied parliamentary rule thata com-
mittee must have jurisdiction of a subject before
it can be permitted to report on that subject. I do
not believe a committee can offer an amendment
of this character upon a subject which has not
been referred to them at this session, or any other
session that I have ever heard of. 1 hope the ap-
peal will Be sustained.
Mr. CLAY. I think there is a great deal of
force in what has been said by the Senator from
Arkansas; but yet without the production of some
rule of the Senate to support his argument, I shall
vote to sustain the decision of the Chair. I think
the Chair is constrained by the rule which was
read by the Secretary, to make that decision. At
the same time I think it proper to say that reso-
lutions for the construction of all these works
were referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
they were referred, together with propositions in
regard to a large number of similar works, either
offered by members of the Senate, or passed by
Legislatures of the States, and in every instance
the Committee on Commerce reported, I believe
unanimously, against making the appropriation.
They did so after communicating with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and after receiving com-
munications from him adverse to the appropria-
tions. After those adverse reports had been made,
i do not know that it was strictly in order to bring
the matter before another committee of the Sen-
ate without the consent of the Senate itself. I
understand that individual Senators interested in
these appropriations have gone before the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
have submitted their propasittonss shown the es-
timates for the construction of these works, and
have prevailed on that committee to make a re-
port, and they make a report against the adverse
reportof anotnerstandingcommittee ofthe Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN^ I shall be obliged, very re-
luctantly, to vote with the Senator from Arkansas
on the question which he has made. I want to
state, in a word, the reason which will control my
vote, and the reason which draws me irresistibly
to the conclusion that the Senator from Arkansas
is right. I hold that the committees of the Senate
are simply the organs of the Senate, and they can
act on no question, however germane to the busi-
ness of the committee, unless that subject is first
committed to them by the Senate. These sub-
jects have never been committed to the Post Of-
fice Committee, as I understand. If acommittee
can originate propositions, they become origin-
ating bodies. They are not such; they are the
organs, and only the organs, of the Senate, to
mature that which the Senate commits to them,
and nothing else. If they can do else, where does
it end? I desire to know the necessity of pre-
senting petitions, and memorials, and resolutions
to the Senate, and having them referred to com-
mittees, if committees are originating bodies, and
can act upon matter other than that which has
been referred to them by the Senate ? If so, they
may act upon any question m the world, and they
may take up any subjectand the Senate may have
no knowledge of it. You may have prohibited
subjects in the Senate—you have, some of them—
anil yet a committee may take up a prohibited
subjcct, and bring in a bill of which the Senate
had no knowledge, 011 a subject which had never
been committed to that committee. I am aware
! that the practice of the Senate has been aome-
j times different. I can only say that a service of
| eleven years upon the Committee on Commerce,
I justifies me in saying that no original proposition
jj ever originated there.
There is another point iu this matter which I
do not think as important as the one I make, but
stil! it is a point. If these questions had been
submitted to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, I think they are moie piopcrly
j! the committee to consider them than the Commit-
j| tee 011 Commerce; but there were some of them
II referred to the Committee on Commerce in con-
!! ncction with other buildings; that is, the ques-
ji tion of erecting a custom-house and post office at
! certain points. The Committee on Commerce
gave these questions a careful consideration; and,
as the chairman says, we came to the unanimous
conclusion—I believe I am right; I concur in the
chairman's recollection that we were unanimous
—that it was not wise or expedient at this time
to make the appropriations; and we reported them
back. There is the action of the Senate on this
subject once during this session. Now-, if the
committee can originate subjects, what is ihe ob-
ject of acting upon the report of acommittee'
Suppose I refer any question you choose to any
committee you please, and that committee delib-
erate and examine it, and come forward with a
report, and that report is considered by the Sen-
ate and unanimously adopted; still, sumo other
committee takes that subject up without notice to
the Senate, without notice to the parties who are
interested, and comes in here and makes a report
on nothing, for they have got nothing on which
j to make a report: you might as well build a su-
perstructure without a foundation. I never vote
against a decision of the Chair without great re-
luctance; but, with this view of the case, 1 shall
be obliged to vote with the Senator from Arkan-
sas.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The same question was
raised by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. TooMBi]
some time ago, and the Chair decided it as he has
011 the present occasion. The Senator from Geor-
gia took an appeal, which, I think, was with-
drawn. I thought at the time that the decision
of the Chair was incorrect; at the same time, I
ij must say that it is astonishing there are so few of
11 the decisions of the Chair which do not command
1 i the entire approbation ofthe Senate, considering
j; the suddenness with which the questions are
ij sprung, and the degree of common law 011 this
| subject, I may say, that rules in the Senate. Oar
! rules have become the subject of interpretation
ij by a kind of usage with which the Chair cannot
j yet be familiar. I rarely say a word on a ques-
!| tion of order; but 1 think there is a principle
lying behind this, to which .1 beg to call the atten-
tion of the Chair and ofthe Senate. I fully agree
with the Senator from Arkansas, that the rifle of
the Senate provides against the abuse which ori-
ginated in the attempt of Senators to increase
appropriations; and to prevent that abuse, it was
established that 110 proposition to increase appro-
priations in a general appropriation bill should bo
m order, unless reported from a committee of the
Senate. That is the part of the rule now under
discussion.
Now, sir, is it not true, as the Senator from
Arkansas says, that behind that lies the other
parliamentary rule that no committee has a right
to report upon a subject that is not germane, at all
events, to the business of the committee? I am
chairman of the Committee on Private Land
Claims: can I introduce, here, an appropriation
from that committee to build a fort in Louisiana, if
I can get my committee to agree to it; or, if I can-
not get that committee to agree to it, can I go to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ask them to move such an appropriation as that,
or ask them to move an appropriation to build a
new custom-house in New Orleans ? Do not these
things all strike us at once as shocking common
sense, as clearly not embraced within the rule of
the Senate ? The rule must receive such an inter-
pretation as to carry out the objccts which are pal-
pable upon its face. Those objects arc to restrain
appropriations that have not been properly con-
sidered, and that have not been considered with
the consent of the Senate. The consent of the
Senate to the consideration of an appropriation is
j evinced in one of two ways: cither by previous
action of the Senate as an entire body, or, as has
been well said by the Senator from Maine, by the
action of the Senate through an appropriate com-
mittee, to which the Senate has confided the in-
vestigation of the particular subject, by referring
it to the committee. I agree thoroughly with the
Senator from Maine, that no committee has a right
to originate business and bringitin here; that the
committees are not independent bodies; but that
they receive the instructions of the Senate in re-
lation to business winch they are to prepare, and
to bring before the Senate. Now, here comes an
appropriation to an appropriation bill, forbidden
unless reported from a committee of the Senate;
but is not this report to be made legitimately, le-
gally, according to the forms and rules of the
Senate ?
What is the case before the Senate ? It is of a
large series of appropriations reported from acom-
mittee which, according to the confession of its
organ, volunteers to take up the subject, and to
bring it before the Senate. These very appropri-
ations, or a part of them, had previously been
committed by the Senate to the appropriate com-
mittee, and reported on.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is entirely mistaken
about that. These are appropriations lor post
office buildings—all of them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I undeistand it.
j Mr. PUG1I. How did they get to any com-
! mittee, but the Post Office Committee?
j Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will reflect
a moment, he will remember that these public
I buildings, in different States, are generally con-
I strutted under one roof for post offices, court-
! houses, and custom-houses—in many instances
I all under one roof. Frequently, propositions are
| made for building a custom-house and court-
; house 
; Mr. PUGH. These arc not custom-houses—
I not one of them.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that perfectly
well—these are post offices alone; but if I am not
1 mistaken, I heard familiar names in the list con-
I tained in the amendment that was read,
j Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Louisiana
! will allow me, I will state that I recollect dis-
\ tinctly that one is for " a post office and other
j! purposes." „ , ,
f; Mr. BENJAMIN. " A post office and other
j1 public buildings." We had this very subject of
|i public buildings before the committee, to which
ij the Senate has hitherto always referred it—that
i' is, the Committee on Commerce. The Commit-
tee on Commerce has jurisdiction of the subject
' of public buildings for custom-houses, post of-
; fices, and court-houses. They have been sent
! there by the usage of the Senate. We discussed
' the subject, we examined the statistics^ and we
