1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
35th Cong... 1st Sess.
Admission of New States—Mr. Goode.
Ho. of Reps.
Although I condemn these illegal expeditions,as
calculated to degrade the American character, and
to alienate the affections of the weak Powers of this
continent who ought naturally to look to us for
countenance and protection; and while I object to
adding to the Monroe doctrine, that we will not
suffer the interference of the European Powers
upon this continent, the additional proposition,
that we reserve to ourselves the exclusive right
to prey at pleasure upon the fortunes of our neigh-
bors, I cannot sanction, with my voice, the ille-
gal conduct of our officers that good may come,
or extenuate their departure from the line of duty
because the result is favorable. I much prefer
to attain the right end in the right way.
Iam not prepared, he wever, to animadvert with
harshness on Commodore Paulding, and am sat-
isfied with the rebuke of the President.
While on this subject, sir, 1 may be permitted
to add, that we owe it to ourselves to suppress
these expeditions. If the acquisition of Nicara-
gua is necessary for our safety and happiness,
let us acquirc it in a manly and open warfare; do
not let us "set the dogs" upon her. I am far
from thinking nations ought to be governed by
the strict rules which obtain among the people of
a municipality. No people have a right to re-
sist the progress of the whole race, nor to impede
the course of civilization. We have a mission to
perform. In its performance it is, perhaps, it cer-
tainly willbe, our interest to command one or more
transits across the isthmus. I shall be found
ready to support such acquisition, when the oc-
casion demands it, in every honorable mode. I
protest against buccaneering enterprises. If it be-
come necessary to use force to acquire those tran-
sits, let us send thither the force under the stand-
ard of the Republic, and not under the flag of the
freebooter.
The northern part of the American continentis
destined, sooner or later, to come underour juris-
diction. I am not one of those who think this
Union is endangered by extension. I think, on
the contrary, it is thus stiengtiiened. I feel a just
pride in the contemplation of the future power and
grandeur of the Republic, in contrasting its small
beginnings with its present greatness. What
American heart does not boat with pride at Us
advancement? But afew years, nota century ago,
it comprised thirteen feeble colonies, now, thirty-
two stars twinkle in the Federal constellation;
while afar off, in the nebulous matter, the unaided
vision may detect the glitter of incipient others
amid the star-dust which, on every side, sur-
rounds them.
I hail the glorious destiny which opens for my
countiy; not that I would invoke for her the mis-
sion which the Roman poet pronounced for Rome:
" II<e tihi omnt ait<v, ' * * *
Parcci o suI))oetis, et debeilare supcrbos;"
not that I would have her to be the mistress of the
world, but the guod guide and just directress of
nations.  
ADMISSION.OF NEW STATUS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. O. GOODE,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 9, 1858.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. GOODE said:
Mr. Chairman: Oregon is before us, demand-
ing to be recognized as an independent State, in-
vested with supreme sovereign authouty, and to
be admitted into the Confederacy of American
Republics.
The admission of a new State into the Confed-
eracy, is the exercise of a high attribute of Gov-
ernment, but our authority is undoubted, since it
rests on an express provision of the Constitution.
The creation of a Commonwealth, its initiation
among the Republics of America, is an event to
strike on the imagination, but the .frequency of
the occurrence has deprived it of interest. It has
ceased even to produce a sensatiqn.
It seems to have been adopted as the settled
policy of Government to encouragc new political
organizations, to stimulate their growth, and ad-
mit them into the Union, as soon as circumstances
will excuse it. It may be questioned whether the
wisdom of this policy has been examined by the
statesmen of the presentday and generation. The
expansion of our populated area, and consequent
diffusion of ourpopulation, is calculated to impair
the aggregate energy of society for the purposes
of war and all the great objects of Government.
The superior efficiency of, concentrated effort, as
compared with individualized exertion, seems to
be admitted by sages, statesmen,and philosophers.
It is tlje principle which rests at the foundation of
the socialists' system, and has failed in their hands
from the want of that unity of will and persist-
ency of purpose which are essential to energy
and success. It is self-evident, that the diffusion
of population is unfriendly to concentration of
force.
The great defect in American agriculture is the
scarcity of labor. This evil is increased by the
expansion of Territory, and bringing new west-
ern lands into cultivation.
The establishment of territorial communities,
and the application of the complicated machinery
of Government to distant and numerous localities,
occasions an indefinite and alarming increase of
expenditures.
The price of lands in the old States is inju-
riously affected by the hot-bed policy of creating
new States. The emigrants from the East, seek-
ing new lands in the west, would create a demand
for lands m the East, and thus add to their market
value. But this demand is lost by emigration;
and, in addition to this evil, many emigrants force
their own eastern lauds into market, thus adding
to the fupply, whilst they have already lessoned
the demand, and thus greatly reduce the market
value of eastern lands. "When the lands of the
emigrant are sold in the East, the purchasers are
toiling through years sending money to the West
to pay their debts. If this money could be re-
lamed in the East, a part of it would be invested
in eastern lands, and thus add to the market value.
But, being diverted from its natural channel, and
sent off to the West, this advantage is entirely
lost. Colonizing new Territories find States cre-
ates a spirit of speculation; and eastern capital-
ists, instead of investing their money m eastern
lands, embark in western speculation, thus less-
ening the demand and reducing the price of our
lands; whilst the withdrawal of capital fiom the
natural channel occcasions hard times and high
interest for money.
Such are the effects of the colonizing policy, on
the physical condition, the agnculiuiai and com-
mercial prosperity of the old States. Its political
results arc analogous. To one unfamiliar with
the secret springs to political movements at the
seat of Government, it would appear mysterious
and incomprehensible, that Representatives from
the old States on the Atlantic, should manifest such
eagerness to establish new States in the West. It
is undoubtedly true that political machinations
exert an influence on the subject. It is by no
means ceitain that presidential aspirations are
wholly inert and inefficient; whilst it is impossi-
ble wholly to exclude the idea that the spit it of
speculation occasion-ally obtrudes into the mind of
Congress, inclining members to favor a policy
affoiding a wide field for speculative operations.
These and other causes have conspired to give a
powerful impulse to the policy of stimulating new
political organizations to be hurried into the fam-
ily of American Republics—a policy which in-
vests a comparatively few pioneer settlers in the
West with a political power, exerting a control-
ling influence on the policy of Government, dis-
astrous in its effect on the material condition, the
agricultural and commercial prosperity of the old
States.
As an illustration of the effect of this policy,
let us contemplate the probable results of the le-
gislation of the present Congress. Minnesota is
admitted with a population of about one hundred
and fifty thousand souls, wielding a power in the
Senate equal to the imperial greatness of New
York with a population approaching four millions!
Oregon, with a population of fifty thousand, will
be admitted, to wield a power m the Senate equal
to the great State of Pennsylvania, the keystone
of the beautiful arch of the Confederacy, with a
population, perhaps, of two millions and a half.
Bleeding Kansas, to weigh down the Si unternfied
Old Dominion !" Let it be remembered that the
Senate shares the whole legislative power with
the House of Representatives, and a large portion
of executive authority with the President of the
United States; thus commanding the action of
Government!
Sir, nothing less than a powerful motive could
reconcile the northern Atlantic States to the pol-
icy of stimulating the admission of new States;
and that motive is to be found in their hatred of
the institutions of the South. The new States are
expected to be free States, sympathizing with the
Abolitionists in their rancorous detestation of the
South; and the fanatical impatience to establish
in the Senate a decided preponderance of Free-Soil
influence, reconciles the North to the great sacri-
fice to which they are subjected by the operation
of this destructive policy. That preponderance is
already established—fearfully,fatally established.
At the opening of the present session of Congress
the Senators from the free States were thirty-two;
those from the South only thirty, giving to the
North a majority of two. The members of the
House of Representatives from the North, num-
bered one hundred and forty-four; those from the
South only ninety, giving to the North a majority
0 ffrfly-four.
At the last presidential election the members
of the doctoral college of the North, numbered
one hundred and seventy-six; those from the
South, one hundred and twenty, giving to the
North a majority of The whole strength
of the Democratic principle, with the vast energy
of the Democratic organization, were barely able
to save the South from the efl< cts of an election
purely and completely sectional.
At the opening of the next Congress, Sena-
tors from the North will probably number thirty-
eight, those from the South but thirty, giving to
the North a majority of eight; whilst in the House
of Representatives the members from the North
will pi obably range one hundred and forty-eight,
those fiom the South only ninety, giving to the
North a majonty of fifty-eight. A t the next pres-
idential election, the electoral®college from the
North will probably number one hundred and
dghty-six; those fiom the South, one hundred
and twenty, giving to the North a majority of
sixty-nv. After the taking of the next census this
( condition of things -will be incalculably aggra-
j vated. Thus is it shown that the ascendency of
the North is completely established in all the
! elective departments^of the Government; and the
1 constitutional rights and equality of the South are
! held at the meicy of the North. The rights of
; the South are absolutely dependent on the justice
| and clemency of those who hold our institutions
I in detestation, who have already indulged in
j thieats, and who have been unable &o repress the
mutterings of rage and of revenge.
It has been beautifully and poetically said by
Byron that " none are all evil." It may be that
objectionable pnnciples, when pushed to their ex-
tent, produce favorable results. We of the South
may deitve some advantage from the policy of
stimulating and admitting new States. True, they
will probably side with the North on the vital
question of slavery; but they will find their in-
terest in the principle of free trade, and may be
induced to lend assistance to the South, in redu-
cing the duties on imports,in repealingdrawbacks
i and bounties, and modifying the navigation laws
so as to deprive the North of the unjust, oppres-
sive, and ruinous monopoly of the carrying trade.
Southern energy will be directed to the accom-
plishment of this important object.
These suggestions arc merely offered—not elab-
orated. They are designed oniy to give direction
to the current of thought, and especially to the
Representatives from the South. In a speech elab-
orately prepared, and delivered some years since,
it was said by Mr. Clingman, that, under the
, operation of the navigation Jaws, freight from New
j Orleans to New Yoik was equal to freight from
j New York to Canton I I do not discuss this topic
I now. I hope hereafter to be able to bestow on
I it greater attention. For the present, I pass on
the great highway of thought to the examina-
| tion of topics which have already engaged at ten-
I tion.
i Sir, I have a duty to perform, a solemn duty;
