1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
4®T
this question the last two days, and therefore I
shall make no objection to postponing the whole
subject until he concludes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to post-
pone the special -order now under consideration,
with a view to take up the next special order.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 7) directing the presentation of a medal to
Commodore Hiram Paulding; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Brown.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, among the
strange things to which I listened during the de-
bate on this question, nothing surprised rnemore
than the pertinacity with which it was denied that
this was a military expedition by General William
Walker. That denial has been repeated so often,
and in the face of such testimony, that I cannot
but call to mind a little work published by Arch-
bishop Whately, entitled "Historic doubts rel-
ative to Napoleon Bonaparte;" a work in which
that learned and ingenious prelate has adduced a
variety of arguments founded on the rules of evi-
dence, to show the improbability of the historic
statements we have concerning the remarkable
incidents in the history of that extraordinary man,
and even of his existence. It is a facetious rebuke
of those skeptical minds who are so hardened m
incredulity that they reject all historic statements,
however founded on evidence, which has met the
almost universal credit of mankind. As a speci-
men of it, let me read a short passage:
<c But what shall we say to the testimony of those who
went to Plymouth on purpose, and saw Donnpaite wall
their own eyes ? Must they not tru-athoireetiM**- > 1 would
not disparage cither the eye-m ht oi the veiacitv of tho&e
gentlemen. I am ready to allow that they went to Ply mouth
tor the purpose of seeing Bonaparte; nay, moio, lhatthty
actually rowed out into the harbor in a boat, and came
alongside of a man-of-war, on whose dock the> saw a man
in a cocked hat, who, they were told, was ttonapaite. Tins
is the utmost point to which their Testimony gois; how tlicy
ascertained that tins man in the cocked hat had cone through
all the marvelous and romantic adventutes wah which we
have so long been amused, wc aie not told. Did they prr-
cpivp. m his physiognomy his true name, and authentic his-
tory
It really seems to me that the denial that this
expedition of William Walker was a military ex-
pedition, to say nothingnowof its being in contra-
vention of our law, evidences just as much of this
hardened incredulity as the Archbishop's work
exhibits in regard to the romantic history, and
even the existence, of Napoleon Bonaparte. It
is very true, sir, that General Walker issued no
E reclamation to the wide world, and all mankind
eside, announcing his purpose to set forth on
this expedition to conquer Nicaragua; he did not
in New Orleans or Mobile send out his heralds
with trumpets to announce his purpose; but short
of that, we have almost all the evidence which it
is possible to require. We have in the papers
furnished to us the proof that Ins agents were
busy in various places engaging men; not, it is
true, to take part in a military expedition, but to
go out with him for the purpose of settlement;
that being the flimsy pretext under which his hos-
tile operations were disguised. But we are told
that they were organized by having officers ap-
pointed; that such and such men were promised
captain's commissions, or the next commission
in rank. As for those who were to hold no com-
missions, they were not called privates,but4' oth-
ers than officers."
Then wc find a steamboat obtaining a clearance
at the custom-house by false and fraudulent rep-
resentations—for this transaction is stamped with
the meanness of falsehood in the very beginning;
false invoices; false letters to a consignee, direct-
ing the sale of goods never put on board nor in-
tended to be put on board, for cash, when they
should arrive at San Juan de Nicaragua; passen-
gers to go who were found with arms in their
hands. The purpose is disclosed by the very first
operation exhibited on reaching the coast of Nic-
aragua: a detachment of men, commanded by a
colonel and subordinate officers, were sent up the
south branch of the river, not to make a peaceful
settlement, but to force a passage to Fort Castillo
and capture it by military means; the vessel then
running up to the harbor of San Juan, landing not
only its men, but arms; depositing its ammuni-
tion, and forming a camp. No such goods as con-
stituted the assorted cargo are found on board.
But we have an inventory of those cases and their
contents. This assorted cargo, to bp. sold for cask,
consisted of muskets, bayonets, rifles, and per-
cussion-caps—all the ammunition and all the pro-
vision intended for a warlike expedition, and
nothing which could give color to the false letter
of consignment.
Then we are told that this is no proof of a mil-
itary enterprise. General William Walker has
avowed it himself, a hundred times over. In every
speech he has made, in every letter he has writ-
ten, he avowed his purpose to be to reconquer
power in Nicaragua by the sword, and to main-
tain it by the same means.
We may be told, perhaps, that this subjecthas
been referred to the judicial authorities; that a
grand jury has ignored a bill against him, and
that a judge has quashed some sort of a proceed-
ing. I do not know that very great importance
is due to the decision of a grand jury of which
we know nothing but that they have written " ig-
noramus" on a certain piece of paper sent to them
by the district attorney. Whether they had all
the evidence before them which we have, whether
they had any evidence at all before them, we do
not know. All we know is that they have writ-
ten "ignoramus99 on the back of an indictment.
Unless I could be satisfied by personal knowledge
that the persons composing that grand jury were
men of great weight of character and cultivated
intelligence, or that they had not all the evidence
befoie them, I should be very apt to think that
in writing the word (i ignoramus99 on the back of
the indictment, tlicy were only subscribing a
nomoigeiieralissimum which would describe them-
selves. As to the decision of the judge, it is not
every judge who is a jurist. I admit, however,
that ail the judicial eifect due to his decision, is
to be allowed in this case as in others, but no
more. It has no control over the minds and
opinions of men. Just so much authority is due
to his decision, as springs from the force of the
reasoning or the weight of the authorities cited. It
cannot, at all events, affect us in the considcra*
tion of this question, as it cannot affect the de-
cision of the Executive, which was made before
the judicial investigation was held.
Nothing surprises me more than the sympathy
which is expressed for General Walker in certain
parts of the United States. To what qualities of
his, to what part of his history is this sympa-
thy due? He is a military adventurer, of a stout
and courageous spirit, I admit; but what else?
There is no evidence of skillful conduct in any-
thing that he has ever done. All his efforts at
military adventure have been failures, and al-
though he professes that his failures have been
due to the interference of the authority of this
i Government, we know very well that in regard to
the fust one the failure was as complete as it was
ridiculous. I speak of his expedition to Sonora.
The failure of the second, which he professes to
have been occasioned by United States interfer-
ence, was the result of his folly in usurping power
and his subsequent abuse of power. It was his
reckless ambition; his disregard of the true prin-
ciples of republican government which made that
experiment so complete a failure, placing hirn in
a position of extreme distress and peril, from
which, indeed, nothing but the humane interposi-
tion of Commander Davis rescued him.
I cannot see how any man who loves freedom,
regulated by law and accompanied by order, who
regards national obligation, and what is due to
municipal regulation and statute—1 do not for
my life perceive howsuch a man can entertain any
sympathy for this General Walker. He has de-
veloped his designs clearly enough for us all to
understand; clearly enough for him who runs to
read. He acquired power in Nicaragua by the
use of the bayonets of his army—not by the free,
unawed vote of the people of that country. He
used his power to oppress and to injure the peo-
ple over whom he exercised it. I believe that no
legislative body ever sat in Nicaragua during the
whole time of his presidency. Everything was
done by imperial decree. There was no such thing
as representative, responsiblegovernment. It was
a despotism that prevailed while he was the Pres-
ident of Nicaragua, which mocked at popular
rights and official responsibility. Is such a man
entitled to our sympathies? Have we ceased to
admire our own institutions? Is it following, our
example to establish all power in the hands of
one man, and that man a foreign adventurer, who
, has acquired it by means of the bayonets of for:- .
eigners whom he took with him, or who have
gone to his aid? Does it excite our admiration
that he burned villages; that churches were plun-
dered while he was director, and that the inhab-
itants suffered confiscation and pillage? No, sir;
none of these things excite my sympathy, and 1
do not believe that they excite the sympathy of
the great mass of our countrymen. In a few Jo-
calities where, from peculiar circumstances, these
sympathies have been awakened, he may be re-
garded as a hero; but the larger part of our coun-
trymen view him as an offender against our laws,
a violator of the laws of nations, and a cold, re-
lentless oppressor of the people whom he.ruled
with military rigor.
Besides, are his designs friendly to this coun,-
try ? I say they are not, as he himself has avowed
them. They are no more friendly to the United
States than they are friendly to liberty. His ob-
ject has been one of conquest and of despotism4.
He has sought, not a free Government like ours,
based upon the people's choice, and regulated by
sound, popular sentiment, but he has sought the
establishment of a military despotism in that
country, and a military despotism antagonistic
to this country and its institutions. I have hero
General Walker's letter addressed to General De
Goicouria, from which I propose to read:
" Granada, August 12, 1856.
" My dear General : I sent your credentials, for Great
Bntam, by General Cazcncau. They are ample, and will
be, I hope, not without result. If you can open negotiations
with England, and secure for Nicaragua the port of San
.Tuan Del None, you will effect a great object. It will be a
long step towards our end. Without San Juan Del Norte
we lack, what will be in the ond, indispensable to us—a
naval force in the Canbbean sea. The commercial conse-
qucnccs of this possession are nothing m comparison with
the naval and political lesults.
" With your versatility and (if I may use the term) adapt-
ability, I expect much to be done m England. You can do
i more than any American could possibly accomplish, be-
i cause you can make the British Cabinet see that we are not
[ engaged in any scheme for annexation. You can make
i them &ee that the only way to cut the expanding and expan-
sive democracy of the Noitli, is by a powerful and compact
southern federation, based on military principles.**
So it is not the love of liberty, it is not a desire
to establish law and the reign of peace, and the
equal administration of justice in Nicaragua,
which has prompted the adventurer, but a desire
to establish a government " based on military-
principles," such a government as would excite
the detestation of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] who has painted to us this morning
so brilliantly, the dangers of a standing army, the
dangersof a system based on military principles;
indeed its utter antagonism to anything like free
institutions.
Well, sir, I remember to have seen, in a speech
lately delivered by General Walker,in Richmond,
the avowal that the Americanization of Central
America is to be effected by the sword, and by the
sword only. That is the power upon which ho
relies to Americanize this quondam Spanish ter-
ritory, and to maintain the government which he
proposes to institute there.
The truth is, Mr. President, that this General
Walker is an ambitious dreamer. The enterprise
which he has undertaken is one that does not
belong to the age, and is not in accordance with
its spirit. It is one that goesfar back in its spirit
and design, to ages which I trusted bad passed
away forever. It belongs rather to that dark
period in the Christian era, when thehordesof bar-
barians from the northern hive, swarmed out and
came in legions upon the fairest portions of south-
ern and western Europe. It belongs rather to
that still later period when the Vikings and North-
men went wherever they could, disregarding the
obligations of national j ustice, making migh t ngb t,
and carrying rapacity and rapine wherever they
went. That is the age to which an expedition of
this character belongs.
I stated, upon a former occasion, when I ad-
dressed the Senate, that expeditions of this char-
acter were contrary to the recognized laws of
nations—laws about which there is no dispute.
Every one acknowledges the obligation of a na-
tion at pieace with another, not to allow that peace
to be violated by its own citizens. Every ono ac-
knowledges that the obligations of the nation are
the obligations of all the citizens, and of each and
every one of them. All acknowledge, too, that
private war is not justifiable in any sen&e; that
