1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2560
•whether the subject-matter-has or has not been
committed to the committees that offered the
amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to entreat the Senate to
decide this point of order. We shall never get
through the bill if tye take up time in this way in
regard to points of order. With regard to the
point itself, I think it is well taken. Idonotthfnk
a committee can report on what has not been com-
mitted to them.
Mr.FITCH. My opinion on the point of order
is good for nothing, and therefore I shall content
myself by expressing it by my vote; but some
remarks fell from the Senator from Arkansas to
which I desire to call his attention, and that of
the Senate. He objected to amendments of this
kind being brought in, concocted in committee,
perhaps,for the benefit 
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I did not use
the word " concocted."
Mr. FITCH. I did not pretend to quote the
language of the Senator; but the idea that they
were introduced by gentlemen on committees for
the benefit of their own particular localities. I
must do the Post Office Committee the justice to
say that no such consideration operated on them.
There was before the committee along list of sim-
ilar appropriations—I may as well say a House
bill making appropriations for certain purposes,
including mostly the erection of post offices. The
committee saw proper not to act upon the sugges-
tions of gentlemen who brought that bill before
them, and report it; but there were some items
in it, and some.brought to their attention which
were not embraced in that 'bill, under circum-
stances and arguments alleged in tbur behalf,
which fixed the attention of the committee, and
secured a majority in favor of them. If the Sen-
ator from Arkansas had, as other gentlemen did,
presented an item asking for an appropriation for
a post office in Little Rock, urging the same con-
siderations of apublic character which were urged
by others in behalf of their particular items, I
have very little doubt the committee would have
agreed to report it. There is nothing in the
amendment for Indiana, and it is due to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to say that the appropria-
tion for the erection of a post office at Hartford
was not brought before the committee by him ori-
ginally. It came from a Representative in the
other House from that State.
Now, a word as to this question of order. I
agree with the Senator from Ohio, that if the de-
cision of the Chair be overruled by the Senate,
and that ruling of the majority is to be made op-
erative on this or any other appropriation bill, it
will cxclude very nearly, if not quite, perhaps one
half of the iteais embraced in the bills. 1 think
the Chair has ruled correctly. There is an effort
made to have the Senate overrule him. I think,
if the past history of the appropriation bills be
closely scrutinized, it will be found that three
fourths of the items in the appropriation bills were
never referred to the committees who reported
them. Then it strikes at the very root of legisla-
tion. As for these points of order, they tue, after
all, mere expressions of the individual wisncs of
the members voting. If they wish a particular
item to be in order, so as to secure_ its passage,
their wishes generally control their votes; but
where a majority rules, in a doubttul ease like
this, a particular measure not in order, their ruling
is usually brought up in judgment against them
in a very short time subsequently, perhaps much
to their own regret. If the subject of the con-
struction of post offices is not legitimately within
the control of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, I take it nothing is. These ap-
propriations are said to have usually come from
the Committee on Commerce, perhaps appropri-
ately, especially where custom-houses were pro-
vided. The amendment official from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Road*, now
contemplates only post offices. J3ut, sir, I have
no feehn°* whatever m the matter, i merely rise
to do what I have done—exoneiatc the committee
from any intimation that thev had been governed
hv partiality in reporting the amtndment.
"Mr. PAVARD. As i concur in the ruling of
Ihc Chair, and think there is something of danger
in reversing the practicc of the Senate, as it has
been established ever since I have been a mem-
ber, I will very briefly state the reasons why 1
support these \ icws.
The question of order must, in my judgment,
depend on the written rules of the Senate. A
question of order raised on parliamentary law,
apart from the written rules of the Senate, must
depend on how far, and to what extent, the usage
of the Senate has modified it; because the practice
of the Parliament of England, or of the House
of Representatives of this country, cannot bind
the Senate contrary to its own usages. Apart
from the binding force of the 30th rule of the Sen-
ate, what would prevent any member of the Sen-
ate from moving this amendment ? What restricts
him ? Have we ever acted on the parliamentary
rule requiring that an amendment must be ger-
mane to the bill ? No. We have every day per-
mitted anything or everything to go on an appro-
priation bill that the will of the Senate pleases to
let go there; but we have established, as a rule of
order, in order to qualify the action of members
in offeringamendments to the appropriation bills,
that " no amendment proposing additional ap-
propriations shall be received to any general ap-
propriation bill, unless it be made to carry out the
provisions of some existing law, or some act or
resolution previously passed by the Senate during
that session"—then any individual member may
move it—" or moved by direction of a standing
or select committee of the Senate." Does it not
necessarily follow that this rule, as it is a nega-
tive^on the previously existing right of every
memoer of the body, conveys an implied author-
ity on the part of any standing or select commit-
tee of the Senate to move an amendment to an ap-
propriation bill? It is not like originating new
bill*. We have no rule of order that would re-
strict individual members apart from this; and if
this rule of order, which docs not restrict the in-
dividual member from olfeung such an amend-
ment, qualifies that restriction by implying that an
amendment may be ottered if reported by a stand-
ing or select committee of the Senate, on what
principle can you rule it out of order? It must
be on sonic settled principle of parliamentary law,
if it is so, which has been recognized by the cus-
tom and action of the Senate; no special rule pro-
vides for it.
I am perfectly willing to rurree in the views of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana if you will
alter the 30th rule so as to prevent committees
from reporting amendments on subjects which
have not been referred to them or are not within
their jurisdiction; but you have no such special
rule now; and if you go to the practice of the Sen-
ate, I think, in the seven years I have been in the
Senate, this is the first time I have known the
question raised on an appropriation bill, unless it
was the other day, in the case which the Senate
did not really decide, the objection being waived.
It is the first time I have known an amendment
moved by a standing committcc of this body ob-
jected to as out of order; it may have been vot^d
'down. Amendments on subjects within or with-
out their jurisdiction, have, as j matter of com so,
been It was enough thnt, the committee
moved the amendment; and the question for the
Senate was not whether it was m ord"r, but
whether they chose to sanciion that amendment
or not.
There is £reat force m the remarks made on
the other side as to wnat ouufnt to be the iule of
the Senate; but what is the rule of the Senate is
a very different question. In the absence of a
written rule, beyond all quesuou^no parliament-
ary law or practice of the Ilou^c of Represent-
atives,or the l\u!i<imenr of England,can bind the
Senate of the Unitt d States as a matter of oider,
apart fiom their own iand customs; ami,
so far as my memory go-.'s, I have never known
a single instance in which it has been attempted
to make the objection, with the exception of the
solitary case the other day, that an amendment
was out of order to an appronnatnm bill when it
was moved by a standim; or select committee of
this body, i shad theiefoie vote to sustain the
decision of the Chair; but if any gentleman wiii
move an amendment of the rule so as to restrict
committees her^efer, I ehall vote for it.
Mr. VVAlin. Our time 3^ too precious to
br; occupied in q-mstions of oid «r; bat, as I fee! j
interest m this appropriation, I must stal
that the si.npb' question now before us is an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair. The decision
of the Chair is that this amendment is m order.
If it is out of^rder, it is oat of order by vii tue of 1
some rule which exists defining and showing what
shall be in order. The only rule which is referred
to is a rule which prohibits the offering of such an
amendment as this, unless it shall be moved by
some committee of the Senate, it is not a rule
which prohibits the offering of such an amend-
ment by a committee, if thtTsubject-matter has not
been referred to the committee; but it is simply a
rule which declares that an amendment shall not
be received unless it is recommended by a com-
mittee. Mutatis mutandis, that is in order which
is recommended by a committee of the Senate.-If
the rule is inadequate to meet the policy in which
it is supposed to be founded, it is easier and safer
to perfect the rule than it is to stretch and pervert
it. The rules of order are very important, but
they cannot be maintained unless theyare strictly
and conscientiously and honestly maintained; and
if this rule shall be perverted so as to defeat an
amendment upon its merits, under the pretense
that it is out of order, there will be no respect
hereafter for this rule, or for any other rule of the
Senate.
Nor do I think that the reasoning is sound; that
the committees of the Senate are limited and re-
strained and chained ^own so closely that they
can report no amendment to the Senate making
appropriations upon a matter of detail, which mat-
ter of detail has not been referred to the commit-
tee. This amendment is reported from the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads. The
subject which is referred to them, is the general
care and management of post offices and post roads
under the laws of the United States and under the
messages of the President; and here is a bill from
the House of Representatives on the subject of
post offices and post roads. The committee, as a
matter of detail in regard to the general manage-
ment of the system may, and they undoubtedly
have a light to lecommend the erection, and an
appropriation to defray the expenses of the erec-
tion of a post office anywhere. They may abuse
their discretion; and, in that case, the remedy is
not, by an appeal or a rule of order, but by dis-
cussing the subject, and rejecting it on its merits.
I think, therefore, that the decision of the Chair
ought to be sustained.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope we shall dispose of this
question. It is exceedingly important that we
should proceed with the public business. If there
be any question of order here, it certainly is not
a question on the rule; it is one of those questions
which necessarily refer themselves to the body to
be decided by the power of the body.
I have a word only to say in regard to the pre-
sentation of this amendment. Iam confident that
it never occurred to the members of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, that there
would be any doubt as to their right to oftersuch
an amendment as this under the practice in this
bod y, under the practicc which we have witnessed
hero since this bill was taken up. A practice of
this kind has been undoubtedly indulged in. The
honorable Senator from Ohio is, perhaps, too
stiong in his expression of the extent to which
this practice has gone, but that it has been in-
dulged in there is no doubt. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, of the House of
Representatives, reported a bill embracing appro-
priations amounting to an aggregate of mx or
seven bundled thousand dollars. That bill was
presented to the committee of the Senate; they
were asktd to oiler it here as an amendment, for
the purpose of expediting the transaction of busi-
ness, the House committee having failed to have
the bill prepared to offer it in the House of Rep-
resentatives. On an examination of the subject,
it was agreed that it was not probable Congress,
at this time, would attempt to make appropria-
tions .so extensive; and looking over the various
propositions and items contained m that bill, those
only were favorably regarded which seemed to be
distinguished fiom the others by their pressing
necessity or on account of the peculiar locality to
which the appropriation was required; that at
Uiooklyn, because Brooklyn is a very large city
with ^eiy bad accommodation, in other cases,
seats of government and other important
points were selected. The committee it-ported
tin l'c four items. For my own ^ar^Ukne no
fed .ng about it. I hope the Senate will d'ecide the
question.
Air. CAMERON. I know very little about the
rule:-of this body, and i ^eneiaily take the dc-
