1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
the fourth for citizens fitting out or arming. The
fifth section imposes fine and imprisonment for
augmenting within the jurisdiction of the United
States the force of foreign armed vessels. The
sixth provides line and imprisonment for any per-
son or persons setting on foot within"the jurisdic-
tion of the United States any military expedition
against a friendly Power. The seventh section
gives cognizance to the district courts of com-
plaints in all cases of capture made within the
waters of the United States, or one marine league
of the coast; and the eighth section, if the last
clause of it were left out, would provide for the
enforcement of the prohibitions and penalties con-
tained in the preceding seventh section, by means
of the exercise of the military and naval power
of the United States. It is something else that is
described in this last clause, and that something
else is this: it is to give power to the President
" to prevent the carrying on of any such expe-
dition or enterprise from the territories or juris-
diction of the United States, against the territories
or dominions of any foreign prince or State, dis-
trict, colony, or people with whom the United
States are at peace." Without this last clause
the President would have been fully empowered
within the territorial jurisdiction of the United
States to use all the military and naval forces to
suppress here such expeditions. It would have
been useless, therefore, to insert that additional
clause in the section if it were not intended for
another purpose.
That other purpose is sufficiently disclosed by
its language. A different meaning from that which
I supposed to belong to it has been given by in-
terpreting, the word "prevent" to signify to anti-
cipate. But that is not the usual meaning of the
word '* prevent." In the course of time it has
changed its original signification, and now means
to hinder or obstruct, or rather something stronger
than either of these words. Crabbe, in his syn-
onyms, says it used to signify the doing that
which makes the purpose prevented impractica-
ble.
The power, then, of the President under the last
clause of the eighth section of this act, is to em-
ploy the naval and military forces of the United
States so as to make the military expedition car-
ried on from the United States impracticable.
It is to put at the control of the President, and
within his discretion, the military and naval forces
of the United States, to prevent the carrying on
from the shores of the United States of any such
military expedition; not to stop it here in limine;
not merely to cnforce the prohibitions and pen-
alties provided in the other sections; but some-
thing more than that, which something more can
be nothing else than to pursue such an expedition
after it has left our limits, and seize it wherever
it may be found, unless there be some intervening
authority to inteiruptthe President's proceedings.
I know that reliance has been placed very much
on the right of emigration. Mr. Webster's au-
thority has been very frequently invoked on it;
his correspondence with Mr. Bocanegra lias been
cited; but Mr. Webster himself has furnished the
evidences of his opinion in regard to the opera-
tion of this act. I read from adebate in this House
in 1850, when this very question was made. It
was asked by what authority the President of
the United States had used our armed vessels to
cruise on the coast of Cuba to anticipate the Lopez
expedition. Mr. Webster said:
" But now let us come to the direct question. What i<s
it that is complained ot? it is said that the President of the
United States has directed a poitionoi'the naval armament
ot the eountiy to the coast of Cuba, for a ceitain f-pecific
purpose ; and if the facts aie as they are generally believed
to be, for a purpose not only perfectly legal and perfectly
constitutional, to be executed on the part of the Executive
of the Government, but a purpo&e made his especial duty
by a positive statute. If theie is any case, it is a case of
tills kind. A military expedition has been fitted out, or be-
gun to bo fitted out, m the United States, to act agaw<t the
Island of Cuba, now belonging to the Spanish Government;
and it is not material, if such be the fact, if it be fitted out,
or begun to be fitted out or piepared, according to the lan-
guage of the statute, in the United States, whether by the
citizens of the United States or by others. The law pre-
vents the thing being done in the United States. JVow, i
suppose that whatever action the President has taken on i
thi-? subject is founded upon information that this is a mil-
itary expedition prepared and set on foot in the United
States, in whole or in part. Well, then, if that be so, the
law makes it his express duty, whcievcr he can exert the
military and naval power within the limits and jurisdiction
of the United States, to exeit it to defeat such an expedi-
tion. And in the next place, if a United States vessel is
found on the coast of Cuba intending to violate this law of
the country by helping to carry on a military expedition
against Cuba, that vessel is just as much within the juris-
diction of the United States—for that is the word of the
statute—as if she lay in the Potomac river."
Gentlemen seem to have confounded two very
distinct powers of this Government. The first is
the sovereign exclusive territorial authority which
every nation possesses over its own territories,
and extending over the waters beyond its shores
to the distance of three miles. That is the gen-
eral rule now of the publicists; though, in ancient
times, the claim went to a much larger extent—as
much as two hundred miles, as Hauterfeuille tells
us, and he assigns a peculiar reason for that claim:
in ancient days, filibuster expeditions were so
common and so injurious that the older nations
sought the protection of exclusive jurisdiction
over the sea to a greater extent beyond their
coasts, that they might be better able to secure
themselves from such expeditions. This has
come now to be three mites from shore. But the
exclusive sovereign jurisdiction of a nation over
its territory, which ceases within three miles of
its shores, is a very different thing from that juris-
diction which they have on the high seas—not
over the high seas, to be sure, but on the high
seas, over their citizens, their vessels, and their
property, wherever they may be afloat. Indeed,
the publicists say that the flag continues the coun-
try. Wherever a vessel of the United States is
borne on water, there is the United States. In-
deed, how could it be otherwise; since, if itwere
not, there would be no power in any Government
to punish for crimes committed on the high seas.
If there were no jurisdiction in every nation over
its citizens or subjects, their vessels and property
afloat on the high seas, no crime committed there
could be punished. The worst malefactors at sea
would be beyond any jurisdiction, and even piracy
itself would have uninterrupted immunity from
the penalties of criminal law.
But we know, sir, that our statutes have pro-
vided for the punishment of all crimes committed
on the high seas; and we have gone even further
than that: we have a statute on our book—that
of 1825—which punishes crimes committed on
board our vessels within ports of foreign nations.
We are not limited to the high seas. The juris-
diction of the United States attaches so completely
to its vessels wherever they are water-borne, that
even if a murder be committed in the port of Liv-
erpool, the man may be tried in the courts of the
United States, and may be hung for it. It is true,
that there is there aconfiict of jurisdiction, that the
territorial jurisdiction of Groat Britain atiaches
also, and that if her courts take cognizance of the
case in the first instance, our jurisdiction must
cpase. That is provided form the act; but if they
fail to take cognizance of the crime committed on
board a vessel of the United States within one of
their ports, then our jurisdiction attaches; and on
the return of the party to the United States, he
may be tried and punished for his offense. If it
were not that we have jurisdiction far beyond our
territory, not limited by the lines of our land or
three miles of water which bound our coast, how
is it possible we could punish men for crimes
committed on the high seas, or within the ports
of a foreign nation? No law that we pass here
gives any jurisdiction to the Government. No
law that we pass here gives any authority to the
law-making power. The law we pass providing
for the punishment of people in these cases gives
authority to the courts, it gives jurisdiction to
your criminal tribunals; but the jurisdictional
right of the sovereign power cannot be affected
by any act of your legislation. So that I think I
am warranted in saying that there is a jurisdic-
tion all over the high seas, and wherever your
vessels are water-borne; and I am not sure that
it cannot be carried further still, I think it can
be shown that there is a sort of jurisdiction too,
even upon the land which belongs to a foreign
nation, other than that of such nation.
We have on our statute-book a law which pro-
vides for the punishment of offenses committed
by citizens of the United States within the limits
of China and Turkey. They are tried by the
courts of those countries,—and I speak now of
offenses not committed on the high seas or on
board a vessel lying in port, but offenses commit-
ted within the strictly territorial limits and on the
very land of China and of Turkey. By what right
can you punish these people for such crimes as
that, if your jurisdiction is limited to your own
territory and to the high seas ? Sir, if your juris-
diction does not extend beyond them, then when
you punish a homicide under the judgment of
your consular and commissioner's courts where
the offense is committed in China, you commit"
judicial murder. Gentlemen may say we have a
treaty with China, and that treaty with Ghina con-
fers on us the power. Sir, no treaty with any
nation on the face of the earth can enlarge the
powers of this Government; they may cede ter-
ritory; they may yield up their own prerogatives;
they may abandon their own territorial rights;
they may say "this exclusive territorial jurisdic-
tion which we have, we will waive and allow you
to exercise yours within our limits;" but tney
cannot confer a right on the Government of the
United States which the people of the United
States have not conferred on us, or which does
not spring necessarily and inevitably from the
relation of Government and citizen.
Now, sir, I do not speak this purely from my
own suggestion. I have at least one authority
among the publicists—I have not had time to in-
vestigate this question, or I should have found
more, no doubt; but in a volume which was one
of the text-books of my school-boy days, I have
seen this authority:
" The jurisdiction which a civil society has over the per-
sons of its members affects them immediately, whether
tiiey are within its territories or not."
This is from Rutherford's Institutes, and is
quoted with approbation by Judge Marshall in
his celebrated speech on the Jonathan Roberta
case. I cannot conceive any other principle on
which we can vindicate the law we passed under
the authority of the treaty with China, than this
principle of natural law which I have quoted from
Rutherford. If we have not a jurisdiction which
attaches to the members of our civil community
wheresoever they are, I do not know howins
possible for us, whatever may be the terms of a
treaty with China, or the terms of the law we
passed, to punish a man for a crime committed
without our territorial limits, beyond the high
seas, and beyond the ports where our flag floats,
and within a jurisdiction which is entirely foreign
to us.
Ifanybodycan point out to me any othersource
of authority for the passage of such a statute as
this than the one I have cited, I shall be very
much obliged to him. I admit I should have
broached this idea with a great deal of timidity if
it had not been fortified by the authority I fina in
Rutherford; but it is very clear to me that all the
treaty with China can effect is a waiver of her
right to exclusive territorial jurisdiction. She
certainly could not confer on the Congress of the
United States the power to pass that act; but if
that-act is valid, if it is not unconstitutional, if it
is not a violation of the principles of our Govern-
ment, it must be bccause our Government has
a sort of personal jurisdiction over its citizens
wherever they'are. I think something of the same
sort will be found in Bowyer's late work on inter-
national law; but I have not had time to examine
it with a view to this point.
Now, sir, I say that the act of 1818 imposes on
restrictions or limitations on the President in re-
gard to the power conferred by the eighth section*
That power was unnecessary to effect the prohi-
bitions and penalties of the other sections of the
act within the limits of the United States. Indeed,
without the authority which isgiven in tfye earlier
part of the section to use the naval and military
forces to enforce the penalties and prohibitions of
the act, I take it, that in the ordinary course of
judicial proceeding, the military authority might
have been so invoked. I do not mean that the
President of the United States might have been
directly called on to do it; but if the mandate of
the court was not obeyed, the posse comitatus might
have been called out, and the military and naval
| forces as a part of it. From the fact of conferring
the special power on the President, it is evident
that there was a design to go much farther than
the limits of the territorial jurisdiction of the
United States. And do we not know that our
naval forces are used abroad everywhere as the
police of the seas? Somebody asked me if I had
ever known the case of a statute giving authority
to go beyond the three marine miles from the
coast, except in regard to the revenue laws? Sir,
that provision in the revenue laws which allows
