1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of New States—Mr. Goode.
Ho. of Reps.
ding slavery, as well from the State as from the
Territory, from the day of its introduction in the
bill of February, 1819, down to the final voting
on the Maine bill on the 28th of February, 18Q0,
when the amendment of the Senate having for its
object the admission of Missouri with slavery,
and the amendment having for its object the ex-
clusion of slavery from the Territories, were ex-
pressly disagreed to and rejected by the House.
In the House of Representatives, February 28,
1820, the amendment for the admission of Mis-
souri with slavery, was supported by every mem-
ber from the South except one. It was opposed
by every member from the North except Jive.
Seventy-six members voted to admit the State
with slavery, seventy-one coming from the South.
Ninety-seven members voted against admitting
the State with slavery, ninety-six coming from
the North.
The amendment to exclude slavery from the
territory north of 36° 30' was resisted by every
member from the South, except live. Sixty-seven
members from the South recorded their votes
against that principle, and but five in its favor.
(See House Journal 1890, pages 255, 256, 257 )
Thus is it shown, that the South was united
against the principles of the compromise down
to the close of the voting on the 28th February,
1820; and I feel that I should do injustice to my
native State—my own beloved Virginia—if 1
should fail to direct attention to the fact that on
that day she cast twenty-two votes to admit Mis-
souri with slavery, and twenty-two votes against
excludingslavery from the Territories—one mem-
ber from Virginia only voting against the body
of his colleagues!
It was, then, on the 28th February, 1820, that
a northern Senator moved, in the Senate, for a
conference. Ominous and boding proposition!
Sir, 1 always experience a sensation of uneasi-
ness at the slightest allusion to that cunning de-
vice—that powerful, that dangerous and mis-
chievous agency, known as a committee of con-
ference. The resolution for a conference was
adopted; and Mr. Thomas,of Illinois, (author of
the compromise,) Mr. Pinckney, of Maryland,
who had supported the compromise, and Mr.
Barbour, of Virginia, were appointed managers
on the part of the Senate. The House of Repre-
sentatives concurred, and Mr. Holmes, of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Taylor, of New York, Mr.
Lowndes, of South Carolina, Mr. Parker, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Kinsey, of New Jersey,
were appointed managers on the partofthe House
of Representatives. Four members from the
North and one from the South.
I have already stated the character of the re-
port of the committee. It recommended that the
clause excluding slavery from Missouri should
be stricken from the Missouri bill, and a new
section inserted excluding slavery from the Tcr-
rities north of 36° 30'. And as the votes of mem-
bers on these two propositions are relied upon to
decide the character of the transaction, I ask for
the subject the particular attention of this body.
It was on the 2d of March, 1820, when the House
was called to act. It was a moment of intense
interest. It was known that the fate of the meas-
ure depended on the vote to strike out the clause
excluding slavery from Missouri, because it had
been ascertained by repeated tests that no bill
could pass the Senate which excluded slavery
from the State. It was known to be extremely
doubtful whether the motion to strike out could
prevail. By voting with those from the North
who were opposed to the motion, the South could
retain the clause in the bill, and secure the ulti-
mate defeat of the measure. But such a vote was
inconsistent with their principles; and the result
was doubtful to the last. But they did act upon
their principles, cast their votes for the motion,
and the clause was stricken from the bill—yeas
90, nays 87. I shall have occasion, in a few mo-
ments, to recur to this vote.
The clause excluding slavery from Missouri
having been stricken from the bill, the question
recurred on inserting the section which excluded
slavery from the Territories; which prevailed by
a large majority—yeas 134, nays 42. (House
Journal 1819-20, page 277.) Of the one hundred
and thirty-four yeas, ninety-five came from the
North, thirty-nine from the South, Of the forty-
two nays, five came from the North, and thirty-
seven from the South. It will be observed that the
North cast one hundred votes, of which ninety-Jive
supported the compromise, and Jive opposed it.
The South cast seventy-six votes, ofwhich thirty'
nine were cast in the affirmative, and thirty-seven
against the compromise. With the irresistible
power of a conference committee exerted in favor
of the compromise, the South was divided as thir-
ty-nine to thirty-seven, whilst ninety-five of one
hundred from the North voted in a body for the
bill. Yet have northern members stood up here to
treat the Missouri compromise as a measure of the
South forced upon the North, ranting and declaim-
ing and denouncing the South for a perfidious
breach of plighted faith pledged octwcen " your
fathersanaour fathers!" Sir, in the presence of
the American Congress, I denounce the Missouri
compromise as a measure of the North forced upon
the South. Like all other compromises, as a
measure of the strong forced upon the weak.
Again, sir, I say, I feel that J should fail in my
duty to my own, my native land—my own be-
loved Virginia, if I did not direct attention to the
fact, that, even by the anaconda coil of a confer-
ence committee, she could not be constrained to
assent to the hateful principle of the Missouri
compromise; but on this final test she cast eigh-
teen votes against the compromise, and only/ow
in its favor; and that, too, when her own son,
James Monroe, as President of the United States,
was known to feel the deepest interest in the suc-
cess of the measure.
I said I should revert to the vote to strike out
the clause excluding slavery from Missouri. The
defeat of that proposition would have secured the
defeat of the Missouri compromise, because the
Senate would have rejected it; but the body of
southern members voted to stnke it out, because
they held it to be a paramount duty to admit Missouri
without the restriction. The motion prevailed by
a majority of three votes—yeas 90, nays 87. It
was observed that, during the voting, several
northern members, who were opposed to the mo-
tion on principle, because it would admit slavery
into Missouri, retired from the House withhold-
ing their votes, and thus securing the success of
the motion, and, eventually, the success of the
compromise. This fact is stated on the authority
of Hon. Charles Fenton Mercer, then a member
of Congress from Virginia, and one who voted
for the Missouri compromise. I give extracts
from a letter, dated Berlin, Prussia, September
12, ]854, directed to Hon. William S. Archer, of
Virginia, also a member of Congress from Vir-
ginia, in 1820. Mr. Mercer says:
" After I arose, a former class-mate of mine at Prince-
ton, Henry Edwards, of Connecticut, left it, (the- JIou>e,)
and did not return till the vote bad been taken." * *
" The question was titus delayed till the luglit was far
advanced. As soon as I reeoveied, and the members re-
gained their seats, the question was taken, by ayes and
noes; and the first amendment adopted by a majoutyof
three votes only, in the absence of Ed wauls nn<\ several oth-
ers of its opponents. Itsfriendswcre .ill piesent, and num-
bered among them Randolph and youiself.5" * *
" The second lesolution was then put, and passed by a
large majority, of which I was one, you and Randolph vo-
ting against it As soon as he perceived that many mem-
bers from the South had voted for it, he sprang up liom Ins
seat, in great indignation ;and exclaiming as he add i essed the
Speaker,' the cards arc packed ; I will not play the game,'
moved a reconsideration of the first amendment, which
motion you seconded. Deducting your vote and Randolph's
from the majority, it was obvious that the fir&t amendment
would be lost, even though the opponent's of it, who had
gone out, and whom Randolph stjled doughfaces, had not
returned, as some of them obviously had. H was now late
at night. The Senate had adjourned - and a member friendly
to the second resolution, as well as the first, perceiving that
if the vote were taken the amendment would be lost, ic-
quesied Mi. Randolph to withdraw his motion till the ensu-
ing day; stating that, as tho Senate had adjourned,the res-
olution could not pass that night, and that the rules of the
House allowed a day after the passage of any act for its re-
consideration." v * "* * v ' k
" I was seated by Mr. Randolph." * * " Accord-
ingly, he waved his motion for the present, announcing his
intention to renew it the ensuing morning; and the House
immediately adjourned.
" The morning came; the House met,and Randolph was
m his place; he rose arid renewed hw motion, which the
Speaker pronounced out of order, as the reports of com-
mittees had precedence, after the readingof the Journal, to
all other business.
" In the mean time, the Clerk, having read the Journal,
was seen walking towards the door leading to the Senate,
with the lesolutton and the amendment in his hand, when
Randolph's attention being called to the fact, he audibly
ordered him to stop. Instantly Lewis McLane commanded
him to ' pioceed at his peril,' in a voice still louder than
Randolph's. The Clerk did so ; and so the Senators, as I
personally know, being prepared by Thomas, oflllinois, took
up the amendments as soon as the resolution reached their
table, and finally passed them, and consequently thereby
closed all further proceedings in regard to it.
" The reports of committees having been ended in the
House, Mr. Randolph again rose to renew his motion for
reconsideration, when he was officially told by the Speaker
that the bill had gone to the Senate."
Such is the statement of the honorable Charles
Fenton Mercer, sustained in its essential points
by the Journal of the House of Representatives.
(See Journal Mai oh 3, 1820, page 275, et seq.)
It appears from the Journal (page 279) thatMr.
Randolph submitted the motion to reconsider the
vote, and that it was ruled by the Speaker to be
out of order; from which decision Mr. Randolph
appealed, and the decision of the Speaker was
sustained by the House.
When the committees had been called, the
Speaker announced that " petitions are in order
from the States-," and when Virginia was called,
Mr. Randolph moved the House to retain in their
possession the act for the admission of Missouri
until it should be in order to move to reconsider
the vote of the preceding day. The Speaker
ruled that motion out of order, for the reasons
stated on the previous motion made by Mr. Ran-
dolph "to reconsider the vote of yesterday."
(House Journal, page 280.)
When the States had been callcd for petitions,
and reports had been received from the several
commi'.iees, and a message had been received
from the Senate, Mr. Randolph moved the House
to reconsider the vote of the preceding day on tho
I first amendment to the bill for the admission of
j Missouri; and then tho Speaker, having ascer-
I tained the fact, informed the House that the pro-
I ceedings of yesterday on that bill had been offi-
! cially communicated to the Senate by the Clerk;
i whereupon Mr. Randolph moved a resolution de-
' daring that in carrying the bill to the Senate, after
I he had given notice of his purpose to move a re-
| consideration of a vote of yesterday, on which
I he voted with the majority, " the Clerk is guilty
| of a breach of tho privileges of a member of this
j House, under the rules theieof." The Speaker
put the question: " Will the House now proceed
to consider the said resolution?" and it was de-
termined in the negative.
Mr. Randolph then submitted the following
proposition:
"That so much of the 37th rule as allows a reconsider-
ation of any quotion, by motion of a membei of the ma-
jority on buch question, on the day succeeding that on
winch such question be taken, be expunged."
The said proposition was read, and ordered to
the table for one day;arx} then, immediately, itwas
ordered, on motion of Mr. Gross, of New York,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday next. (See Journal House, page 281.)
And on Monday, a message was received from
the President of the United States that he had
<>igned " An act to authorize the people of the
Territory of Missouri to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States, and to prohibit slavery in certain
Territories. (See House Journal, March 6, 1820,
page 287.)
And now, sir, with this unvarnished narrative
of facts, attested by indisputable evidence, I sub-
mit to the judgment of the candid, whether my-
illustrious predecessor was not visited with a de-
gree of rigor in the application of the rules which
amounted to practical tyranny ? And, sir, it was
this ligor of rule, this tyranny of practice, which
carried through the forms of legislation this de-
testable Missouri compromise. A compact be-
tween " your fathers and our fathers 1" No, sir.
Itwas an iron edict forced upon the South by the
North—forced upon the weak by the strong.
Sir, John Randolph of Roanoke moved a re-
consideration of a vote on a vital question; and,
by the rigid ruling of the Speaker, his repeated
efforts to secure a vote on his motion were all de-
feated; and the vote on his motion and several res-
olutions was never taken, until the question in-
volving the fate of the compromise had been taken
from the House to the Senate, had been acted on
by the Senate, and sent to the President, and ap-
proved by the President and returned to the
House!
And now, sir, I have shown that the compro-
