1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
voted on by the House this morning, which, if
the committee report in several bills as my reso-
lution proposes, I will vote against. I think that
that bill contains items for which Congress ought
not to make appropriations, and if they were put
in separate bills I would vote against one half of
them at least. But there are items which ought
not to be rejected. There are items there which
every man in the House will feel and acknowledge
the obligation of Congress to provide for.
I confess that I would have voted for that bill
with great reluctance myself, as it came from the
Committee of Ways ami Means;butl would-have
taken it, even with the objectionable items in it,
rather than, reject the whole bill, and thus leave
the army in Utah without the supplies necessary
for its defense and subsistence. When these bills
are reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, I imagine there are a great many gentle-
men on this floor who, like myself, will vote
against a portion of them, and in favor of a por-
tion of them. I think that the Committee of Ways
and Means, with all deference to that committee,
would have done better in reporting in that shape
in the outset, so as to give those who desire to
vote for a portion an opportunity to do so, with-
out voting for items which a majority do not ap-
prove.
Mr. LETCHER. Will thegentleman allowme
to make an inquiry at that point. It is, whether
he knows, m the history of Congress, that any
such bills were ever reported in the manner that
he suggests?
Mr. BRANCH. There is one thing which I
have (earned during my service in this House,
and which has impre&sed mc more forcibly than
any other thing that 1 have learned, and that is,
that if there is one single thing in the whole Gov-
ernment, in the executive department, in the legis-
lative department, or in the judiciary department,
which, above all other things, requires reforma-
tion, and whieh, above all other things, it ia the
peculiar duty of this House to reform, it is the
practice of Congress in relation to the appropria-
tion bills. 1 have seen enough since I have been
here to satisfy me that the-eontrol which this
House has over the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, that the checks which the Representatives
of the people are supposed to exercise over other
departments of the Government, in reality amount
to nothing at all.
Mr. K15ITT. I wish to inquire whether all the
sums in this deficiency bill aie not for expenses
already incurred, and to discharge debts already
incurred ?
Mr. BRANCH. I understand not; but that a
very large amount of these appropriations are for
money that will be needed for debts and expenses
to be incurred previous to the 30th of Juno next.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. I wish to know whether he proposes
by his resolution to divide that which is for defi-
ciencies for the present fiscal year from that wluch
is proposed to meet future expenses?
Mr. BRANCH. I do not propose by this res-
olution to get up an appropriation bill on our own
hook—so to speak—m the House, but to instiuct
the Committee of Ways and Means to repoit bills
to supplv deficiencies.
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing clse>
Mr. BRANCH. That is the terms of flip res-
olution. To supply deficiencies for the fiscal year j
ending30th June, 1853; and nothing else but do- ;
ficiencies. I
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that an additional !
appropriation is immediately necessary. j
Mr. BRANCH. Then the gentleman will vote j
to reconsider m order that my resolution may be >
passed. I am told that these appi opriations are
necessary to carry on effectually the duties of the
Government, and 1 desire that Congress shall
make those apmopriations. And yet, no gen-
tleman on this floor is more convinced than I am
that under different circumstances—under circum-
stances more favorable to calm deliberation—under
circumstances when we would be less pressed
by great public exigencies, it is the duty of the
House to look into these appropriations, to look
into the manner m winch moneys are expended,
and to look into the degree of responsibility which
attaches to the Executive m the expenditure of
moneys, and in the sending of estimates to this
House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I desire to state,
if the gentleman from North Carolina will allow
me, the reasons which induced me to vote for the
defeat of this bill. My object was to call public
attention to the Executive under existing circum-
stances, and that its action should be rebuked.
But it is my purpose to vote for the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina to reconsider, and
to vote for a bill to supply the means for the sup-
port of the Army. I desire to extricate the bill
from its present position, and to appropriate such
an amount as the judgment of Congress may deem
neccssary.
Mr. BRANCH. I am very glad to hear that
the gentleman from Louisiana will vote for my
resolution. It is what I should have cxpected from
the good sense of the gentleman, and 1 think the
resolution will commend itself to the good sense
of a majority of the House. Gentlemen say they
will all vote for it, and I therefore demand the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. As thegentleman from Ohio is
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I will withdraw for him if he will renew the de-
mand, but for no other gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from North Carolina,and I will occupy but
little of the time of the House. I think the res-
olution of the gentleman from North Carolina
ought not to pass. I believe thatthesystemadopt-
ed by the Committee of Ways and Means 111 re-
porting this deficiency bill is correct. It is now
proposed by the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Branch] that the Committee of Ways and
Means shall leport, at this late period of the ses-
sion, six new deficiency bills. Judging of what
may take place by what has taken place in the
past, it is reasonable to presume that it will be
midsummer before, in the oidmary slow process
of legislative machinery, we can succeed in pass-
ing the deficiency bills for the current fiscal year,
without reaching the bills for the fiscal year com-
mencing on the 1st of J uly.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desuo to say that it is my
intention, if the vote rejecting the bill shall be re-
considered, to offer the resolution I have indica-
ted, and to add at the end of it, power for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report .at any time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. These will be appropria-
tion bills, and, under the rules of the House, they
must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and we all know very well
that when we go there to take up the bills, every
possible subject will be discussed that members
may see fit to speak upon, without reference to
the merits of the bill before the committee. How
has it been in reference to this bill itselP It has
been under consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for five or six
weeks at least; and yet the merits of the bill were
never touched until the last two or three days of
the discussion. And we have now this most re-
markable spectacle of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, after laboring for weeks
to pea feet the bill, and after having carried vari-
ous amendments, at last coming into the House
with a recommendation from the Committee of the
Whole that it be sent back to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with the instructions, in sub-
stance, which thegentleman from North Carolina
now proposes again to submit. In the House,
the instructions and the bill are defeated. The
gentleman from North Carolina now intimates
that the reason why he would so instruct the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, is, that the House
cannot trust that committee without instructions.
Mr. BRANCH. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I used no such language.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I so understood the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BRANCH. No. I said that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means might not choose to
report any other bills, while the majority of the
House, in my opinion, wishes that they should
be reported. I therefore proposed to send the
bill back to the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to that effect.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not hear distinctly
what the gentleman said; butso understood him.
The objection that this is not a deficiency bill
I think is improperly taken. It is quite true that
some of the money provided for in the bill has
not been actually expended; but the Committee of i
Ways and Means had good reason to believe that
it would all be wanted before the expiration of the
present fiscal year, because of exigencies which
have arisen which could not be foreseen. There-
fore it is a deficiency bill, making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
current fiscal year, and, as such, in my opinion,
ought to pass.
Mr. Speaker, if the Committee of Ways and
Means are to be required to separate appropria-
tion bills and classify them as proposed by the
gentleman from North Carolina, there would be
in the course of the session perhaps eighty or one
hundred appropriation bills to be considered.
During the last Congress, for the purpose of
relieving the embarrassments of legislation, the
Committee of Ways and Means did separate the
old civil and diplomatic bill into three parts; and
if the separation is to be carried further, and to
be followed out m deficiency bills, it will re-
quire the entire time of Congress to act upon the
bills reported from that committee alone. Other
public and private bills must then be necessarily
neglected.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the Chair to rule that it was not in
order to discuss the merits of my resolution, and
I therefore refrained from discussing it, and con-
fined my remarks to the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order is well taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, if the gentle-
man means,in good faith, to abandon his resolu-
tion, and to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was rejected, with the purpose of putting it upon
its passage; if he and the friends of the bill upon
the Administration side will give any assurance
that it is their purpose to put the bill upon its pas-
sage, and take the responsibility, I, as one of the
members on this side of the House, am willing to
vote for it, and take my share of the responsibil-
ity. I did vote for it this morning; but the gen-
tleman and his party fiiends must not expect
to shiik the responsibility. It iy not very agree-
able to us, on this side of the House, when we
have voted to give an opposing Administration the
means necessary for carrying on the Government,
to be jeered and taunted with the charge that we
are responsible for the public expenditures based
upon the recommendation of their Executive De-
partments.
Mr. Speaker, I voted for this bill, not that I
liked every part and parcel of it 
Mr. PHELPS. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to remark that he desired to see gen-
tlemen on this side of the House take the respons-
ibility; that if the members on this side would
support this bill, the motion to reconsider would
prevail, and the bill would be passed in its pres-
ent form. I have not had time to examine the
record which has been made, but I am informed
that only twenty-seven members on the Demo-
cratic side voted with those who defeated the bill
—only twenty-seven out of the large number of
Democrats here. Then it would appear that the
fault, if any, rests with the friends of the gentle-
man on the other side. I hope the motion to re-
consider will prevail, and that he will bring his
friends on that side up to vote for the passage of
the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take no contract of that
sort; I speak for no party here; i speak for my-
self only.
Mr. PHELPS. I only adverted to the state of
facts as I understand them to exist.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take it that every mem-
ber of the House will vote as his judgment dic-
tates. I have voted for the bill, as I have already
remarked, notwithstanding there were some items
in it that I could not approve. I have voted in
this House for very many appropriation bills for
some nine years, and I do not believe that I have
ever recorded my vote in favor of a single bill
every item of which I approved. Sir, I do not
believe if I were to remain here nine years more,
and vote for appropriation bills, that I would be
able to approve every item they might contain.
In my judgment, when statesmen come to legis-
late for a great Government, such as ours, em-
bracing so many sections and such diversified in-
terests, they ought not to demand that every bill
shall be so perfect that there could not be an i
dotted or a t crossed without increasing their op-
position. Each -member ought to be willing to
