508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of New States—Mr. Goode,
Ho. of Rf.ps.
mise originated with the North, and was intro-
duced mlo the Senate by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois.
When originally inserted as an amendment to
the Missouri bill, it was supported by every Sen-
ator present from the North, except the two from
Indiana, (Mr. Noble and Mr. Taylor.) The
strength of the opposition to the amendment came
from the South: Virginia, South Carolina, and
Georgia voted against it; North Carolina was |
divided—Mr. Macon against, and Mr. Stokes in
the affirmative. The body of the slaves at that
tune was to be found in those States. The South
was divided on that amendment as twelve yeas to
eight nays; but a majority of the slave interesi was
represented by the eight Senatois. The Senators
from Delaware were of the twelve; and that State,
on the border of Pennsylvania, is conceded to
have but small interest in the subject. The south-
ern Senators who supported the amendment rep-
resented new Slates, asking favors daily from this
Government, at a time when it was notorious that
the Piesident of the United States was extremely
anxious the measure should prevail.
I have shown that in the House of Represent-
atives the compromise was resolutely and persist-
ently resisted, until the lepoit fiom the commit-
tee of conference; and, even with the irresistible
force of that agent, seconded by the influence of
a southern President, the South was divided into
parts of almost exact equality, whilst ninety-five
of one hundred northern members voted m a body
for the Missouri compromise. Yet has it been
paraded as a measure of the South, forced upon
the North!
But, sir, 1 confess that the fact to which I point
with peculiar emphasis, and with a feeling of per-
sonal ptule, is the position of my native State—
resisting the fatal principle of the compromise,
regardless alike of all considerations of a delu-
sive State policy and the seductive blandishments
and allurements of executive influence.
And now, sir, 1 demand justice at the hands
of the northern Representatives. 1 exact it as an
obligation of honor, from every member from the
North, whenever lie finds himself declaiming be-
fore his constituents on the perfidious infamy of
the South in violating her plighted faith by the
lepeul of the Missouri compromise, to exempt
Virginia from the force of bis denunciation, or to
feel, in his own heart, that he is meanly attempt-
ing to impose on the ignorance of his own con-
stituents in attempting to produce a false impres-
sion by a representation of facts which, as to Vir-
ginia, he knows to be false.
Sir, m the order of Providence and the work-
ings of fortune, it devolves on me, all unworthy
as I am, to represent the grave, the ashes, the
memory, of John Randolph of Roanoke.. It is
a perilous privilege to stand here to-day as the
humble defender, if not the champion , of his bril-
liant fame.; but, sir, 1 proudly present for the ad-
miration of his country this blight example ot
his sagacity, this sinking pi oof of his devoted
fidelity to his native Stale. Sir, if he were not
the most fervid and impassioned orator of that
Augustan age ill which he lived, he possessed a
power of language amounting to a fascination—
a mysterious charm—exerting an influence over
the will and conduct of men which 1 never wit-
nessed in another.
And now, sir, I feel myself fully authorized to
commend the poisoned ehnhce to the lips ot the
honorable genileman from Pennsylvania, and to
say to him that the charge of broken faith comas
with an ill giace from that side of the House. I
might challenge the honorable gentleman to point
to a single instance of plighted faith, faithfully
executed on the part of the North towards tne
South. If, for the sake of the argument, but
against the truth of the case, we assume that the
act for the admission of Missouri was founded in
pact, involving honor and plighted faith—it can
be readily shown that the compact has b' en disre-
gaided by lhe Noi til. If it were a compromise at
all, it rested on the principle of a partition of ter-
ritory between panics contending for political
power, settling their dispute by dividing the sub-
ject of controversy on a geographical line. This
is the construction now sought to be established
by tile North,and by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania as a Representative from the North. The
contcst for political power was settled on the prin-
ciple of a division of territory on 36° 30' north lati-
tude In the case of the Louisiana purchase, the
South made ihe saci ifice and abided by the princi-
ple. As the law of the province of Louisiana was
supposed to extend the institutions of the South
throughout its borders, the principle operated in
favor of the North. They availed themselves of
it, and secured from the South the whole territory
north of that line, being nine hundred and sixty-
four thousand square miles; leaving to the South
only two hundred and twenty-four thousand four
hundred and forty-five square miles. Again,
when Texas was annexed, the laws of that State
established the institutions of the South through-
out her borders; but a large part of her territory
extended north of 360 30' north latitude, and the
application of the alleged principle of the Mis-
souri compromise would operate an advantage to
the North. They accordingly claimed it and re-
ceived it, and secured from the South all that part
of Texas lying north of 3fi° 30' north latitude,
being forty-three thousand five hundred and
thirty-seven square miles. In both these instances
the North eagoily nppiopriatcd the advantages of
the principle of the alleged Missouri compromise,
and the South submitted to the operation of a bad
principle and hard bargain.
In the running of time it came to pass that ac-
quisitions were made from Florida. Here, too,
the lex loci established the institutions of the
South; and far the larger portion of the acquisi-
tion was north of 36° 30', being the Territory of
Oregon, with three hundred and forty-one thou-
sand four hundred and sixty-three square miles;
whilst in Florida proper, south of 36° 30', there
were no more than fifty-nine thousand square
miles. The North again availed themselves of
the operation of the principle of the Missouri com-
promise, and appropriated to themselves all of
Oregon.
Time rolled on,and itcame to pass that acqui-
sitions were made from Mexico, where slavery
I was prohibited. Here was a new phase m the
| operation of the principle of the pretended com-
| promise. Its action would be injuiious to the
; interest of the North, and offensive to northern
j prejudices. The South would acquire an extensive
I area where our institutions had been excluded by
j the law of Mexico. On three different occasions
[ the principle had operated against the South. The
i North had insisted on the advantage; the South
had acquiesced; and the North had secured the
advantage; but on tins first occasion when the
| principle secured an advamage to the South, it
was repudiated by the North, and they claimed
! I lie whole extent of the Mexican grant _ In vain
! did the South point to Louisiana. In vain did we
] point to Florida. In vain did we point to Texas.
' These examples were utterly disregarded; the
j principle of the Misfouri compromise was repu-
, dialed; the South was excluded from all partici-
pat ion m the vast territory acquired from Mexico;
' and the North appropnated all to themselves!
| They did even more than this. They took all,
I and more than all. They raised a claim to teni-
tory in Texas, and with $10,000,000, taken from
the'Ticasury, they compromised with Texas and
settled the boundary between Texas and New
Mexico, so as lo take from the South eighty-two
thousand square miles of Texan leiritory south
of 3G° 30', and subject it to the authority of free
soil Noith Texas claimed the boundary of the
RioGiande. Mexico invaded that territory. It
was resented by the United States as an invasion
of the sacred soil of America. Mexico was re-
pulsed. The Texan title was suppoited by the
United States, and conquered from Mexico by the
power of the sword. As an indemnity for the ex-
penses of the war, a large cession of territory was
made by Mexico to this country, and the. United
States succeeded to whatever title Mexico might
have in the landsgranted. New Mexico was com-
prehendedin the grant; and,asan American settle-
ment, asserted against Texas the very title which
had been asserted by Mexico against Texas, and
which had occasioned the war; and which title
had been conquered from Mexico by American
aims, and conquered from her as the rightful do-
minion of Texas. Yet the Government of the
United States supported the claim of New Mex-
ico to the very land which had been conquered
from Mexico as part of Texas, and made that
claim the basis of a compromise with Texas, by
which $10,000,000 were taken from theTieasury
to purchase out the claim of Texas, so as to add
to New Mexicoeighty-two thousand square miles,
from which the institutions of the South are ex-
cluded, and which is subjected to the jurisdic-
tion of Free-Soilers and Abolitionists of the
North.
I shall be pardoned in reviving a few other
reminiscences of Punic faith. In 1833 the country
was convulsed with the tariff agitation. North-
ern oppression bad goaded the South into open
and frantic hostility to the policy of Government,
and there was imminent peril of collision ofarms.
The South was pacified and appeased by a com-
promise, which stipulated that at the close often
years duties should be collected by a horizontal
tariff of twenty per cent, ad wloieoi. The South,
in a true and lofty spirit of patriotism, consented
to a very gradual reduction, so as to enable the
North to prepare for the contemplated change.
For seven years the reduction was so slight as to
I be scarcely felt in the practical operations of the
I country. In 1841 the reduction was considerable;
and though the North had been allowed seven
! years to accommodate themselves to the proposed
| change, they filled the country with loud and
frantic complaints; they repudiated the principle
! of the compromise: they denounced the act of
1 1833, and declared that by its own terms it ex-
pired in 1843— the very time when,by the terms
i of the compromise, the horizontal duty of twenty
' per cent, was to be established as the permanent
policy of Government. And in the stead of a
] faithful execution of the terms of the compact,
i they enacted the unjust, unconstitutional, odious,
and oppressive tariff of 1842.
And thus has it been throughout our history.
In 1784, Virginia executed her deed of cession,
for which she has received declamatory laudations
and nothing—nothing more. Instantly machin-
ations were set on foot to apply to the vast ter-
ritory the ordinance of 1787, and thus to exclude
the generous donor from all participation in the
settlement of that territory, of which she had
made a munificentand magnificent contribution to
the United State,s. Northern politicians have been
content to refer this movement to Thomas Jef-
ferson, as a justification to them for its enactment.
But Jefferson was not infallible, and he was the
only friend of the measure, and the solitary rep-
resentative of that sentiment from Virginia in
1784. His State, with the entire South, voted
against the ordinance in the Continental Congress,
and it was successfully resisted by the unanimous
South until 1787, when it is supposed to have
passed, in consequence of a compromise entered
into between theNorth and South,as I shall now
proceed to relate.
The Federal convention, which adopted the
Constitution of tin: United States, was 111 session
in Philadelphia. The Continental Congress was
also holding its session in New York. Ill adjusting
the principles of the Federal Constitution the con-
vention had adopted a provision requiring a vote
of two thirds to pass laws on the subject of com-
merce and navigation, which was very unaccept-
able to the North. It was also fiercely contested
whether slaves should be regarded as persons or
pioperty; whether they should be held as entitled
to representation, or tieated as mere property sub-
ject to taxation It was also a question discussed
whether an obligation rested on the northern States
to return fugitive slaves to their owners; and on
these several topics the heats and dissensions be-
came so great as to justify the appiehension that
the convention would dissolve without framing a
j Constitution atall. In this state of things it seems
to have been understood between tile members of
; the convention that the South would agree to sur-
: render the two-thirds vote on the subject of com-
merce, and subject it to the action of a mere ma-
jority; and that they should recommend to the
i Continental Congress to adopt the ordinance of
! 1787, excluding slavery from the Northwestern
i Territoiy,on condition that the North would ln-
; sert in the Constitution a clausc for the rendition
! of fugitive slaves, and allow a representation for
three fifths of the slaves, at the same time im-
posing a tax on three fifths, and exempting two
fifths from taxation.
t Sir, the South has faithfully executed this con-
