2H&
THE. CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June 1,
cision of fbeChairas being correct. This morning
I tried to follow the lead of my friend on my left,
[Mr Gtkeen,] and 1 found myself in a very small
minority, and I think I-shall not very soon again
differ from the opinion of the Chair In this case,
J am very desirous that this appropriation shall
fee carried. I hope it will bo agreed to. Sir, the
operations of the hump", nun'! are very strange.
This morning I listened to a very able and learned
speech from the distinguished Senator from Lou-
isiana, and I believe he would have convinced me
that he was right, if I had not remembered that
he, like the rest of us, is sometimes governed by
his interest, without knowing it; I mean his pub-
lic interest. Now, the city of New Orleans lias
had expended, on a custom-house there, nearly
three million dollars. The Senator from Maine
is my personal friend, and I always listen to him
with respect; but I am inclined to think that his
notions are governed by the interest of his State.
On looking at the list of public buildings which
have been erected, 1 find four or five in tJie State
of Maine—at Belfast, Bath, Bangor, and Port-
land. The State of-Maine may now be pretty
■well supplied with post office and custom-house
buildings. I find that several gentlemen, who dis-
agree with the decision of the Chair, have had
these public edifices erected in their towns, and,
therefore, they do not care about any more being
constructed. My case is different. The town of
Harrisburg, the capital of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, has never had any public buildings put
there by this Government. The postmaster is
compelled to rent a house, from time to time, and
he often gets an inconvenient one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to explain
to my friend the difference in thecases. These
appropriations were to finish certain post office
and custom-house buildings, and were estimated
for by the Department. This is not so estimated.
Mr. CAMERON. Precisely. This appropri-
ation for Harrisburg will begin and finish the
work.' There is a population in and about Har-
risburg who go to that postoffice for their mails,
of something over twenty thousand people. The
mails are kept in inconvenient places. Nothing
has been done for Pennsylvania. On the con-
trary, Congress has always done everything it
can against her interests. Why shall not this
little appropriation be suffered to go along with-
out being discussed for hours on a question of
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is:
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of I he Senate?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a remark to make
simply on the question of oider, without saying
anything on the morns of the amendment, as the
yens and .nays have been ordered. Practically,
those of us who have served in this body for two or
three years, know that whatever amendmontany
Committee has recommended, has been considered
as in order to be passed upon. That has been the
practice and usage under the rule. But, sir, I will
not put it on that. 1 think the Chair puts it on a
broad principle. In passing on a question of order,
the Chair ought to bo enabled to decide upon the
looks of the proposition, from the inspection of
the face of the proposition, whether it is in order
or not, by the rule. Now, what is asked ? Gen-
tlemen insist upon it that when an amendment is
proposed by a committee, and a question of order
is raised upon it, the Chair shall proceed to in-
quire whether there has been any.memorial or
petition sent to that committee which would en-
able it to report this proposition; whether there
has been any measure, whether there has been
any resolution, whether there has been any bill;
and, in short, he must go through the examina-
tion of the records of the whole proceedings of
this session to see whether the committee aie au-
thorized to report the proposition. That I con-
sider impracticable; and it would be applying the
rules in such a way that it would bo impractica-
ble to carry them into effect. I therefore think
the Chair is right in saying that simply by th£
rule, and by the inspection of the amendment, tne
question is to be decided; and this is in order by
such a rule as that.
Mr. YULEE. I will state, in a single word,
that it has been the habit of the committees with
which"I have been connected) to report upon
any subject with regard to the general busipess
of the particular department to which their duties ,
relate. I have supposed that we were at liberty
to consider any subject connected with the ad- ;
ministration of the Post Office Department, and |
to report upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but feel it my
duty to protest against such a practice as that. I
do not believe it has existed, except to a very
limited extent, of committees originating any-
thing that they think belongs to their department,
unless there has been something authorizing them
to act on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the leave of
the Senate, the Chair will make a single remark
on the point of order. Except for this rule, this
amendment would certainly be in order; that is,
would have to be received by the Chair. If it is
not in order, it is because of the limitations of
this rule. The limitations of this rule are in dero-
gation of the common right of members of the
Senate to offer amendments. The Chair did not
feel himself at liberty, in lus construction, to push
it beyond the scope of its language, nor did he
suppose it was proper for him to decide any ques-
tion of order, as suggested by the Senator from
Vermont, the pioprtety of reports from commit-
tees, especially when he found the practice of the
Senate had been in accordance with the ruling
which he had made. The question is, " Sjhall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate?" The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas ana.nays,
resulted—yeas 46, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Slessrs. Bayard, Bell, Bigler, Bright, Broderiok,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Claik, Clm<*man, Collumer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Dongas, Durkee, Fes-
seudftn, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster,Gwin,Hammond,
Harlan, Iliiyne, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kins, Mul-
lory, Mason, Pcarcc, Polk,Pugli, Kent, Rice.Sevvaidj^ini-
mons, S' unrt, Thomson of Kentucky, Thomson ol New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, Wuylit, and Yulee—46.
NAYS—Allen, Benjamin, Gieeu, Hamlin, Hunter, John-
son of Aikansas, Jones, Sebastian, and Toombs—9.
So the decision of tile Chair was sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
i Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
I they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to offer
an amendment to the amendment:
For the increase of the appropriation made at the Thirty-
Fouuh Confess:, for a com t hou,ct and po-torlico at Mem-
pin-, Tennessee, S-11 >0 (K).l; and that said building be used
loi a custom-house and office.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. There is a law
existing on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there an exist-
ing law providing for the payment of this amount
of money for the purpose?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. The amend-
ment refers to the law passed at the last Con-
gress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
assume, on the Senator's statement, that it is to
carry out the provisions of a law.
Mr. HUNTER. On its fd.ee, this amendment
is to increase an appropriation. No doubt there
has already been an appropriation; but this is not
to carry out that law, but, to change it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair finds,
on looking at the amendment, that it is for the in-
crease of an appropriation. Unless there is some
provision in the law for that increase, the Chair
cannot receive the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, The law au-
thorizes the erection of the building. My amend-
I ment proposes to carry out that law by appro-
priating a sufficient amount.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
i not think it is in oidcr under the rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Well, sir, I
withdraw it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am exceedingly unwill-
ing to interfere with the progress of the business
| of the Seijate on appropriation bills; but when the
yeas and nays are ordered,and I am compelled
to give a vote to go upon the record, on such a
question as this, I desire to say a few words in
explanation. This amend ment has not been print-
ed, and 1 have had no opportunity to examine it;
I have to rely entirely upon hearing it read from
tire desk. I understand that ail the items in it are
for the erection of post offices. In relation to that
subject I would say, that until within the last five
or six years, we did not own a post office in the
Union. Within that time, appropriations have
been made to provide post offices at Baltimore, at
Philadelphia, at New York, and at Boston. I
think I am safe in saying that these are the only
places where we have provided for post offices. I
know that in many instances, where court-houses
have been required to be built,and in many other
instances, where customhouses have been re-
quired to be built, we have taken the opportunity
to put a post office room into those buildings; but
I am safe in my statement that we have never
provided for the building of a post office, as such,
except in the large cities I have named. To fur-
nish post offices generally is no advantage to the
Government, and only inures to the benefit of the
postmasters. The postmaster pays the expenses
of his office out of his commissions; and if you
build a post office for him the effect is to enable
him to pocket more commissions and get up to his
maximum of two thousand dollars. The Gov-
ernment dogs not pay for the hire of post offices;
that is paid for by the respective postmasters; and
if we build post offices for them, we only help
them so much. That is the case with the large
run of post offices, except where there are large
distributing offices.
If we are to enter upon this business of building
post offices at the expense of the Government, I
wish to pursue the course recommended by the
clergyman to his congregation when there was
notice given that there was a wreck. The clergy-
man got at their head and said, " now let us all
start fair." I want to start fair in this matter, to
fix some rule and carry it through. If you say
you will build a post office at the capital of every
State, put your bill so; if you say you will build
a post office at every place where there is a dis-
tributing office, put your bill so; but do not adopt
this plan of saying you will have one for A, and
another for B, and another for C, making a log-
rolling operation out of it, and putting in just
enough to carry the measure through.. That does
no justice to the countiy at large. The effect is,
when those of us who do not get post offices go
home to our people, we are told,(< see, there was
a post office built in that State and this State, and
why did you not get one for us ? We have larger
towns, and why are we not provided for?" We
are much in the condition of those gentlemen who
think it is an element of popularity to distribute
public documents, by which you offend ten men
where you gratify one that geis a book. It is an
element of dissatisfaction, and that is all; and so it
will be unless it is started on some system,some
rule. I object utterly to the whole amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely add a word
to what has been said so well by the Senator
from Vermont. If this amendment passes, we
must be prepared to appropiiate between one and
two hundred million dollars to build post offices;
for if you will take your hst and carry out this
measure to its legitimate consequences, you can-
not tell now where you will stop in building post
offices. Do gentlemen know how many post
offices there are in the United States? My friend
from Vermont says twenty-two thousand, and
others say twenty-six thousand. Long before
you get the buildings constructed that are pro-
vided for in this amendment, you will have thirty
9r forty thousand post offices to build. You are
providing no system, as the Senator from Ver-
mont says; no line of distinction; nothing by
which the country is to be guided. You are go-
ing flow to set the example, and plunge headlong
into a system of extravagance that no man can
sec the end of; and that without consideration,
and when a committee which has examined the
subject has reported unanimously against it I
will not add another word. 1 want to call the
attention of Senators to this point, that they do
not know where they are going; if they vote for
this appropriation, there is no stopping; there is
no line of demarcation. Begin it, and you will
have to build post offices throughout the United
States by thousands and tens of thousands.
Mr. PUGH. I only want to say one word to
the Senator from Louisiana, I think we are all
satisfied now that we did not know where we
were going when we commenced the custom-
house at New Orleans; and we do not know
where tire custom-bouse house is going to-, for it
