1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4tfr
might be able to do so. I have referred to the cor-
respondence between a former Mexican Minister
to this countiy,and one of the most accomplished
debaters who was ever heard in these Hcills, a
statesman of very considerable acuteness and abil-
ity—I mean Mr. Forsyth, when he was Secre-
tary of State under General Jackson. In 1836,
soon after the revolution in Texas commenced,
our Departmentof State was flooded with remon-
strances from the Mexican Minister, and com-
plaints made that our people were getting up par-
ties for the purpose of going into Texas and aiding
in the war; that companies were organizing at
Nashville and other places. Mr. Forsyth prompt-
ly furnished the instructions given to uur district
attorneys and other officers to suppress all such
movements. In addition to that, Air. Gorostiza
complained that General Jackson had given orders
to General Gaines in command of the Army at
that quarter, to advance as far as Nacogdoches,
which was then in Texas, claimed by Mexico,
some thirty miles, I believe, beyond our then
limits. Mr. Forsyth replied to Mr. Gorostiza that
he had somewhat mistaken the purport of the
order to General Gaines; that General Gaines had
not been ordered to carry the military forces of
the United States as far as Nacogdoches, but that
he had been told he must not go any further than
that point, implying necessarily that under cer-
tain circumstances he might advance as far as
Nacogdoches. Mr. Forsyth justified tins order
to General Gaines to carry the troops of the Uni-
ted States into the Territories then claimed by
Mexico, not as a hostile movement, but as a
friendly one, as fulfilling treaties of amity and
peace; " treaty obligations," I think he says; but
at that time there was no treaty with Mexico, ex-
cept that of 1831. By that treaty, in the ordinary
form, we stipulated that there should be perpetual
and inviolate peace between the United States of
America and the Republic of Mexico and be-
tween all the citizens of the one and the citizens
of the other. This was the formal article found
in all the treaties of peace and amity. There was
a special provision that the United States should
guard Mexico from the irruptions of our Indians;
and Mr. Forsyth justified the implied order to
General Gaines to advance as far as Nacogdoches,
on the ground that the United States, as a friend-
ly nation, was bound by its treaty stipulations as
well as by the laws of nations to protect its
friends from the incursion of hostiles who were
within the limits of the United States, and that
it had the right to follow those hostiles into
the territory of Mexico, and even, he says, to
the very heart of the Empire. Here is his lan-
guage:
" To effect one of these great objects for which General
Games is sent to the frontier ofMe.vieu, that to lullill our
treaty with Mexico by protecting jU teiritory a^am^t the
Indians withm the United States, the troops of the United
States might justly be sent into the heart of Mexico, and
their presence, instead of being complained of, would be the
strongest evidence of fidelity to engagements and friend-
ship to Mexico."
The whole correspondence is to be found in the
Congressional Globe and Appendix for 1835-36.
I should question very much the right of our
Government to dispatch troops, even for that pur-
pose, without the consent of the partv whose ter-
ritory was to be enteied on; butat all evenls this
authority is enough to show that it is not the first
time in the history of our Government that troops
have been sent into the jurisdictional limits of
another State, for the purpose of repressing in-
cursions by American citizens; and the authority
and right to do so is, so far as it can be, affirmed
by the opinion of an accomplished statesman,
Mr. Forsyth, and of a President of great weight
of character and authority in this country, un-
doubtedly. It has all the sanction t6 which it is
entitled from the character of those two states-
men. Nay, more, sir, although it is not authority
which you might quote, perhaps, in a contest with
a foreign Power, it is one which may be used
when we are discussing the conduct of our own
Government in their own vindication. They have
not gone beyond their predecessors. They have
not gone so far as their predecessors. This Ex-
ecutive has ordered the forces of the United
States to repel the invasion of these filibusters in
the harbor of San Juan, within the territorial
sovereignty of Nicaragua; but they have not
avowed their right for that purpose to march an
army into the heart of Nicaragua, as Mr. Forsyth
did in the communication to which I have referred,
in relation to Mexico.
I believe I stated before that there was no treaty
stipulation like that of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo lequiring us not only to protect Mexico
from the incursions of the Indians, but to exact
satisfaction for the same. The principle is sol-
emnly recognized in every treaty of pcace and
amity made everywhere, and with all nations.
The first article in all these treaties is an article of
amity and peace—inviolable and universal peace
and true and sincere friendship—from which
the duty may be implied of preserving that peace
by restraints upon the Indians within our bor-
ders.
I shall not detain the Senate much longer, but
I wish to say a few words in regard to Commo-
dore Paulding. I have heard a great deal said of
the harshness with which he executed this duty.
One gentleman spoke of his having boasted of the
gallantry of his sailors and marines. That hap-
pens to be a mistake. I have looked at his letters
and I do not see any boast of their gallantry; but
he praises their good order and discipline, which,
considering thStt the debarkation was made in a
turbulent sea, and at considerable peril, is I think
not at all immodest. I saw no language disre-
spectful to General Walker. He considers him
as most people do in our country, I apprehend,
as a lawless man, who is disregarding the laws of
nations, who is disposed to carry ruin and havoc
into the territory of Nicaragua, in order that he
may establish himself there on the basis of a mil-
itary despotism—that is what he means by a gov-
ernment "based on military principles;" but I
see no language of Comjnodortf Paulding to him
which could be considered disgraceful to that of-
ficer. We do not wish our officers when execu-
ting a stern duty to speak with bated breath, and
accompany the act by apologetic flourishes. "We
want them to speak like men,like officers; to speak
whatever is to be said, plainly, frankly, without
apology and unnecessary qualification. That is
what Commodore Paulding has done, and I think
he executed this office as wisely and as well as it
could have been done. He organized a force suf-
ficient to overcome all opposition. That was a
mercy to these people, for if he had gone with
a small force there would have been opposition
and bloodshed. I see no barbarity, nothing
inflicted which authorizes gentlemen to speak in
the extremely harsh terms in which some have
censured him. For my part, I believe him to be
a sensible man, a gallant officer. I believe if he
had no specific orders from the Government to do
precisely what he has done, that the orders which
Lieutenant Almy had were, at all events in their
spirit and essence, sufficient to justify him in the
step which he took. I think, iii taking that step,
lie has relieved the country from a great respons-
ibility; he has lelieved Nicaiagua froni the hor-
rors of an abominable war; and he has vindicated
the good faith of the Government of the United
States, which was bound to put down such a law-
less expedition as this. If the President had not
given him authority, the President might have
given him the authority,as I think I have shown;
and I will consider that what ought to have been
done has been done; and though I am not willing
to vote a medal to Commodore Paulding for this
service, because it is not the sort of service for
which I think medals ought to be voted, he has
my thanks, and the thanks of the great mass of
the people. There are some few places where he
may be condemned, where Walker has become
popular and received sympathy; but every where
else the people of this country will approve and
sanction and applaud the conduct of Commodore
Paulding. I trust they will do so.
I would now say a word as to another officer
who has been the" subject of remark. I should
say nothing about him, were it not for the fact
that he is a constituent of mine, as honest and true
a sailor as ever stepped on the deck—a perfectly
brave and fearless man, as I know, I have known
him for many years. He has been thirty-three
years in the Navy, without the slightest reproach
on his character or conduct as an officer. He is
a conscientious man, not as ready, perhaps, to
assume responsibility as some others. 1 mean ,
Captain Chatard. He was without any other in- j
structions than the circular which was dispatched !
to our attorneys and collectors of customs, and I
copies of which were furnished to the individual !
officers commanding the different ships on that
station. That was all he had. He naturally
enough, a ot having more specific instructions than
those contained in that circular, doub'ted his au-
thority to stop this vessel as she was coming
in, especially as his suspicions were not awak-
ened as to her being engaged in a hostile enter-
prise.
I beg leave to say further, though he has been
reproached for exhibiting ill-temper by certain -
notes he wrote to Walker, that I think, when the'
circumstances are explained, it will be perceived'
that he is not liable to that charge. It is a fact
that he had put up, some weeks before, a tar-
get in the neighborhood of the place of Walker's
camp. Here he was in the habit of exercising-
his crew m boat-practice with the howitzers; and
the boat-practice of whichWalkercomplained,was
nothing but a continuance of what had being going
on for weeks before. So in regard to his request
to move his camp a little out of the way, so that, in
firing to bring a vessel to, he might do no damage.
A shotthrown from his vessel, 1 understand,must
pass over this sand-spit, and he wished to notify
Walker in time, that possibly, in throwing shot
over there to bring a vessel to, it might do dam-
age. These are the only instances of brutality
and meanness I have been able to perceive m
the correspondence. I trust he will be excused
for not assuming the responsibility of bringing
the Fashion to, when unsuspicious of her char-
acter, and not expressly required to search all
vessels before allowing them to run up to the
wharf.
Now, sir, I will only say in conclusion, that
while I desire to see the people of this country,
individually and collectively, free, happy, and
prosperous, loyal to the Constitution, and obe-
dient to the law, watching the Government with a
sober vigilance—not with a partisan spite, not
with an illiberal suspicion, but with a sober vigi-
lance—and correcting them, if they go astray,
with the moderation of wisdom, I desire to see
the Government also sensitive to our national
honor, and vigilant and firm in the protection of
our national rights. I desire to see them just and
firm, but courteous, towards the great Powers;
and at the same time, not only just, but forbear-
ing and generous to the weaker Powers, helping
them in their debility, assisting them in their tot-
tering steps in the progress of freedom and civili-
zation. While they are doing all this, I want to
see them crushing, with broad and mighty hand,
the turbulent spirits in our midst, who regard no
law, who set at naught the Constitution, who
deride the obligations of international rules, who
defy the enactments passed by you to enforce your
national obligations, and who, looking only to
personal victory, ana to personal triumph and to
persona! aggrandizement, are willing to violate
your law, the laws of nations, and the peace of
another country; to trample down its independ-
ence, and to establish a Government " based on
military principles," which shall be restrained by
no representative legislature, by no constitutional
responsibility, but which shall be a usurped des-
potism, directed for the benefit of one man or a
few men.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to know what is the
immediate question before the Senate?
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is the amendment offered by the
Senator fiom Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to the
joint resolution for the presentation of a medal to
Commodore Paulding.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of my friend from Mississippi; and, if that
be adopted, will then vote to lay the amended res-
olution on the table. I will state, in a very few
words, my reasons for so doing. The whole sub-
ject of the policy of our neutrality laws and the
conductor Commodore Paulding was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; that com-
mittee has reported; an early day has been fixed
for the consideration of its report; and, in the
meanwhile, I consider the discussion of so grave
a subject, involving so large a field of inquiry,
premature. When that report shall bo considered,
I will renew an effort which I made four years
since, to vest m the President the power, under
certain restrictions, to suspend the operation of
our neutrality laws.
I am disposed to sustain the Executive in his
declared purpose of rigorously enforcing them,
