1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
2571
is beginning to disappear, notwithstanding'the
lavish expenditure of money upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 admit that; but what has
it to do with this?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bright, Cameron, Dixon. Fitch,
Foster, Gwin, Hamlin, Iversou, Pugh, ftiee, Seward, and
Wade—-13.
NAYS—Messrs* Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Brodcriclc,
Brown,Clark, Clay, Ciingman, Col lamer, Doohttle, Fitzpat-
nck, Green, Hale, Hammond, Hayne, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Aikaii^a*, Johnson oi Tennessee, Jones, King,
Mason, Peaioe, Polk, He id, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jer&ey, Toombs,
and Wiight—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 201) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859.
Mr. PEARCE. I aak leave at this time to sub-
mit a report from a committee of conference.
The report wa3 received and read, as follows:
The comimtieeaf conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two lIou«.es on the bill (II. It. No. 201) making appio-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
ol Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1&>9,
having met, have, alter a full and iiee conference, agieed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate do recede from its first, sixth, eleventh,
twenty-first, and twenty-seventh amendments to the bill.
That the House of Representatives do lecede from its dis-
agreement to, and concur in, the tourth, twenty-third, and
twenty-filth amendments of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives agree to the twenty-
sixth amendment of the Senate, with an amendment as lol-
lows:
At the close of the said amendment add the following
words: "And that such clerks shall not be employed under
the authority oftlns act after the 3d day of March, 1859."
That the House of Representatives agree to the fifth
amendment of the Senate, with an amendment as follows :
At the close of the said amendment add the following
words: "For the Senate,and lor stationeiy for the fiscal
year ending^Oth of June, 1838, So,000 lor the House of Rep-
resentatives."
Upon the thirtieth amendment the committee have not
been able to agree.
. J A. PEARCE,
BENJAMIN F1TZPATRICK,
LYMAN TIlUMBtTLL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. GLANCY JONES,
JAMES JACKSON,
V. B. IIORTON,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PEARCE. Since the committees have pre-
pared this report the House of Representatives
has acted upon the thirtieth amendment. The
House has taken the action recommended by its
committee on the various amendments which are
stated in the report, and has also receded from its
disagreement to the thirtieth amendment of the
Senate. I therefore move that the Senate concur
in the report, and that will dispose of the bill. If
any Senator desires to know what are the amend-
ments proposed to be receded from, I will state
them.
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear them,
Mr. PEARCE. The first amendment from
which it is proposed the Senate shall recede, is
that which provides for the payment of mileage
to the newly-elected members of the Senate who
were in attendance at the extra session of the 4th
March last. The next, the sixth amendment, is
for miscellaneous items for our contingent fund for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1858, $3,000. We
found that was provided for in another bill. The
next, the eleventh amendment, is one striking out
the compensation for certain draughtsmen and
clerks employed on land maps by the House of
Represcn tatives. The twenty-first was an amend-
ment of the Senate providingi i for clerk hire, office
rent, fuel, and lights, at the several district land
offices, of the land States and Territories, to be ap-
portioned in such manner as in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Interior the public interest may
require, $60,000." The House of Representatives
agree to the fifth amendment of the Senate with
an appropriation of a like sum for a deficiency m
statioiiery fo.r the House of Representatives. X he
House agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with a limitation whifth provides thtff
the clerks who are authorized to be employedby.
the district attorney of the northern district of Cal-
ifornia to transcribe records of the district court
in certain land cases, shall be limited in their work
to the 3d of March, 1859. I believe I have ex-
plained all the disputed points. I move that the
Senate concur in the report.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Heniit, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following acts and
resolutions:
An act for the relief of Laurent Millaudon;
An act for the relief of John Dick, of Florida;
An act for the relief of Anna M. E. Ring, Lou-
isa M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and Sarah J. De
Lannoy;
An act for the relief of William B. Trotter;
An act for the relief of James G-. Benton, E.
B. Babbitt, and James Longstreet, of the United
States Army;
An act for the relief of Susannah T. Lea, wid-
ow and administratrix of James Maglcnen, late
of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
An act for the relief of Michael Kmny, late a
private in company I, eighth regiment United
States-Armv:
An act for the relief of John B. Hand;
An act for the relief of Brevet Major James
L. Donaldson, assistant quartermaster United
States Army;
An act for the relief of William Allen, of Port-
land, in the State of Maine;
An act explanatory of an act entitled " An act
act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman," approved
August 16, 1856;
An act for the relief of J. Wilcox Jenkins;
An act for the relief of Fabius Stanley;
An act for the relief of George A. O'Biien;
An act for the relief of Rufus Dvvinel;
An act for the relief of Jonas P. Keller;
An act to continue a pension to Christine Barn-
ard, widow of the late Brevet Major Moses J.
Barnard, United States Army;
An act for the relief of Elijah F. Smith, Oilman
H. Perkins, and Charles F. Smith;
An act for the relief of Stephen R. Rowan;
An act for the relief of Caleb Sherman; and
A resolution for the relief of John Grayson.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. 41) to provide for the location of
certain confirmed private land claims in the State
of Missouri, and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 83) to vest the title to certain war-
rants for land in George M. Gordon.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,Te-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
200) making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1859.
Mr. GREEN. I have an amendment to pro-
pose as an additional section:
Jlrulbeit further enacted, That the provisions of the fifth
section of the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for the
year 1841," approved the tfdfday of March, 1841, and the
eighth section ot the act entitled uAn act making appropri-
ations for certain civil expenses of the Government tor the
year ending June 30, 1856," approved March 3,13 j7, art*
hereby construed and declared to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to allow and pay to surveyors of ports per-
forming or having performed the duties of collector of
customs since the passage of the law first above recited, the
same compensation, and no other, as is allowed to collect-
ors for like services.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is designed
to give back pay to a large class of officers, as I
understand, surveyors of ports; and if it is, it
comes within the ruling of the Chair in regard to
the amendment from the Committee on Foieign
Relations.
Mr. GREEN. There is no question of order
that can possibly be raised on this amendment.
It is declaring the law, and it is declaring the law
exactly as the law now is, and I have only put it
in this imperative form because the Secretary will
not do his duty in executing the law. It proposes
no appropriation. It aslta no appropriation. It
is to carry out an existing law. I will read the law;
and I leave it to every Senator present whether
this section, which is .now the law of the land* is
not exactly the same as the section I propose, with
this single difference only: that this is mandatory,
and speaks to the Secretary in language that he
cannot evade. Here is the eighth section of the
act of last year, passed with the vote of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, as well as my own and others,
and approved the 3d of March, 1857:
"Sec. 8. Jl7id he it further enacted, That the provisions of
the fifth section of the act entitled <Au act making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernmentjfor the year 1641,' approved the 3d day of March,
1841, which established and lirxnied the compensation of col-
lectors of customs, shall be construed to apply to surveyors
performing, or having performed, the duties of collectors of
the customs, who shall he entitled to the same compensa-
tion as is allowed to collectors for like services in the settle •
luent of their accounts."
That is the present law. How anybody can
misunderstand that law, is a mystery to me.
Mr. COLLAMER. What has been the con-
struction ?
Mr. GREEN. That if they performed the du-
ties of collectors they still are only to be paid as
surveyors, and not as collectors. The difference
is this, and it applies to but very few offices: the
surveyor of a port is limited, under the law of 1841,
to $3,000, and the collector of a port is limited to
$6,000. The compensation of a collector is do-
pendent on the amount collected, but cannot go
beyond the $6,000. Atmanyofthe ports they have
a surveyor and a collector, as at New York, Bos-
ton, anil other points; but at some of the small
ports they have nothing but a surveyor, and no
collector;and,underthe law, those surveyors have
to give bond to perform the duties of collector, in-
curring the whole responsibility and dischaiging
all the duties of a cpllector.
Now, my opinion under the old law was, that
they were entitled to the pay of collectors if they
performed the duties of collectors; but to remove all
doubt, and to make it so plain that no man could
misunderstand it, this eighth section was put in
the law of the 3d of March last, which declares
expressly that they shall be paid as collectors,
and that that is the meaning of the law; and yet,
in spiteof that, the Secretary of the Treasury says
he will not pay them as collectors, but only as
surveyors, holding them down to the short limit-
ation of $3,000. I say that if they collect a large
amount, the commissions ought to fie paid to
them under the same limitations as apply under
the law providing for the compensation of col-
lectors. Is there anything inequitable in it ? No.
Do they not discharge the same duty > They are
not named collectors, but they give the bond, and
do perform the duty of collectors; and the law
says they shall have the same pay, but yet they
cannot get it. That is the whole case.
One word more: the surveyor at Mobile, know-
ing his rights, refused to be cut down to the §3,000
limitation. The Solicitor of the Treasury or-
dered suit against him. Suit was brought. He
pleaded this law, claiming the compensation of a
collector, and the courts sustained him and de-
feated the United States Government; and so every
surveyor performing the duties of a collector in
the United States can defeat them to-day; but
that does not meet the case, for this reason: here
are men in office; they do not want to be turned
out of office; they do not want to incur the haz-
ards of a suit and the name of being a defaulter;
they want the law executed. The head of the
Treasury can say to any suiveyor of a port, " if
you do not come up and settle according to my
construction of the law, I can give you your walk-
ing papers and dismiss you from office; I wili
hold you as a defaulter; I will institute suit against
you, and hurt your character in the public esti-
mation." I want to avoid all that; 1 think the
law is plain, arid I should like to hear the Senator
from Virginia upon it, whether it is not express
that they are not entitled to the same pay as col-
lectors. '
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I shall lose more
time than I gain by making a question of order,
because it would require an exposition of the law
to make it. I would rather, therefore, take the
question in this case on the amendment This sec-
tion of the law of J 857, as it was originally passed,
was in these words:
" Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions
of tlft fifth section 0T the act emitreti' An act making ap-
