510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 9,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Conference Committee Bill—Mr. Bonham.
Ho. of Reps.
in presenting the conference report to the House,
" he could not vote for;" that, "before Kansas
is admitted, her people ought to ratify, or, at least,
have a fair opportunity to vote upon, the consti-
tution under which it is proposed to admit her;"
that" he would make reasonable concessions pro-
vided the substance be secured; which is, the
making of the constitution, at an early day, con-
form to the public will, or, at least, that the privi-
lege of so making it be secured to the people beyond
all question." It would puzzle human ingenuity
to discover any other meaning in these words,
than that Mr. English considered the conference
bill as, in effect, submitting the whole constitution
to the people for acceptance or rejection. Would
Mr. English, or any other advocate of the bill,
have voted for an amendment declaring it was not
a submission? I apprehend not. !Mr. G-roes-
beck and Mr. Cox, of the same wing of the Doug-
las party, and iYLr. Gilmer, of the southern
Americans, said they regarded it in effect a sub-
mission. All the Opposition say that.it is a virtual
submission. Other distinguished members of the
committee, it is true, say tliat there is no submis-
sion of the constitution to a vote of the people.
The members of the committee disagree. We
are, therefore, free to place our own construction
upon the bill. To my mind, it is a virtual sub-
mission of the constitution back to the people for
acceptance or rejection, which view I think I have
shown to be correct.
The most plausible argument in favor of the
conference bill, which I nave hoard or seen, is,
that if Kansas, by rejecting the proposition in the
conference bill, should be Wept out of the Union,
Btill,if she had been unwilling to accept our prop-
osition in the Senate bill, sVve would, in thatevent,
also have been outof the Umon;and thatwecould
not compel her to come in. That is true. But it
was admitted on this side of the House—denied
by no Democrat, so far as my knowledge or in-
formationgoes—that Kansas would have assented
to our proposition contained in the Senate hill. It
was reasonable—the same that was made to Min-
nesota—and Kansas could ask no more. Her
proposition was unreasonable; and such as no
State ever laid claim to before. It was never ques-
tioned that, on the passage of the Senate bill, the
Legislature of Kansas would be convened; that
her Senators would be elected; and that they and
the member elect, would, as soon thereafter as
practicable, take their seats. Now, the instant
that these delegates should have taken their seats,
Kansas would, I submit, with confidence in the
view, have been in the Union with the Lecompton
constitution; there would have been an accept-
ance of our proposition, and an unconditional
assent to the terms of the Senate hill by such
sending of delegates; a waiver, to all intents and
purposes, of all right to tax the public lands; and
an abandonment of any claim to land itself be-
yond the four million acres. No one, up to the
failure of the Senate bill, saw any difficulty as to
the ordinance, which was, in fact, no part of the
constitution; and there was no reason to suppose
that there could be any, for Kansas had herself pro-
posed to come in with the Lecompton constitution,
and would have been in, and been received by
Congress as a member of the Confederacy by the
act of sending her Senators and member here to
take their seats; and need never again (and pioba-
bly would not) have alluded to her ordinance. No
vote by her people, in such case, would have been
necessary to admission. Or, she might, if she had
preferred so to do, through her State Legislature,
Siave assembled a convention, and through that
have abandoned her ordinance, and have accepted
our pioposition. In the other case, by the con-
ference bill, the people of Kansas must vote again
before they can get into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution. Her remaining out under
the Senate bill would have been voluntary on her
own part; but her remaining out under the con-
ference bill is compulsory on ours.
Out suppose Kansas had said we will come into
the Union, and will send our delegates to take
their seats, but will negotiate as to the questions
of taxation, the land grants, &c„ She would un-
questionably have thus been m the Union. You
could not have refused her admission. If, then,
the terms of adjustment could nothave been agreed
upon between the parties, who would have been
f the arbiter? The United States courts; who could
| have done nothing more nor less than have de-
1 cided that Kansas had acquiesced in our proposi-
tion. If Kansas had been content with the dc-
I cision, that would have been the end of the matter.
If she had insisted upon her proposition, she
would thereby have placed herself out of the
Union, and would have had to forego the benefits
thereof.
Rut suppose she had said, upon the passage of
the Senate bill, she preferred staying out of the
Union to accepting the terms of that bill? The
South would have lost nothing, as it turns out,
and Congress could then, with much better grace
than by applying such rule to Kansas in the con-
ference bill, have passed a general law to exclude
all new States till they should have the Federal
ratio to entitle them to admission.
It is supposed that the right to tax the public
lands is an attribute of sovereignty of which Kan-
sas could not be deprived, or deprive herself, and
yet be " admitted into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original thirteen States in all respects
whatever." It must be borne in mind that the
difference between the original thirteen States and
the Territories is very marked. Those States
were independent sovereignties, possessed of the
right of eminent domain outside of the Union, ar>d
anterior to the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion. The sovereignty of the Territories, on the
contrary, is in the States of this Union—the right
of taxing the public lands along with it. Now it
seems, as has been done again and again, that
Congress may reserve this sovereign right of tax-
ation in the enabling act, or in the act admitting
a State, carved out of these Territories. But if
we grant the position to be true, that the with-
drawal of the sovereignty of the United States
confers upon a new State, at once, this sovereign
right of taxation, still Kansas, as many of the
other States have done, might waive the cxercise
of it in consideration of the land grants and other
advantages arising from incorporation into the
Union.
It is further said for the conference bill that its
first clause admits Kansas into the Union. That
clause is: " That the State of Kansas be, and is
hereby, admitted into the Union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States in all respects what-
ever." The Crittenden-Montgomery amendment
does the same thing in the same words. But what
is such admission in the conference bill worth when
the bill goes on to prescribe a condition precedent
which must be fulfilled before she is cfrhnilted, and
failing to fulfill which, she will not be admitted, and
will never have been admitted? There is a condi-
tion to be performed, prectdtnl to admission. How
can the State be said to be now admitted into the
Union when she is told in the bill, your people
must vote again, and if they do not vote " prop-
osition acccpted" you must stay outof theUnion
till you have the Federal j'atio, after which you
may form a new constitution, and then u be en-
titled to admission into the Union as a State under
such constitution?" Does any one pretend that
Kansas is now actually in the Union ? This bill,
m truth, subjects the constitution to a vote of re-
jection. Indeed, its adoption by Congress was
the adoption of a measure of exclusion, for the
result of the vote of the people of Kansas under
the conference bill, in August next, is scarcely
now problematical. No, sir; so far from Kansas
being admitted, we are no nearer the end of our
difficulties now than we were before the passage
of the conference bill. Kansas will send up to us
next winter, in all probability, a free-State consti-
tution, formed by a convention called by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, having the other sanctions of
the Lecompton constitution, (except so far as it
will be restricted by the conference bill as to the
Federal ratio,) with the addition of having been
submitted, entire, to the people for their approval.
And I now ask gentlemen, will that constitution j
be rejected by Congress ? I think not. This con-
ference bill will thus secure to the Opposition
within one short year, and if not so soon, at some
day not very distant, the victory for which they
have from the first contended, and the South be
shorn of the triumph of principle in having a slave i
State admitted. !
It is claimed, moreover, that the conference bill
recognizes the right of a slave State to admission.
The Crittenden-Montgomery amendment can lay
claim to equal merit; for that bill provides for the
admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, if upon " that constitutional instru-
ment" being first submitted to a vote of the peo-
ple, a majority shall assent thereto. But to what
end is this recognition in either bill? What Re-
publican would ever have supported the Critten-
den-Montgomery amendment but for a certainty
that the Lecompton constitution would never
again have seen Congress? And what Douglas
Democrat would ever have supported the confer-
ence bill but for its securing virtually to the peo-
ple of Kansas the opportunity of voting down the
Lecompton constitution?
This bill is further objectionable as not being a
manly, straightforward measure. It is to be con-
strued one way in one section of the Union, and
a different way in the opposite section. This
double construction prevails here, already, as I
have shown. It is a mode of legislation I cannot
admire—one which can never result favorably to
the establishment of sound principles, or in ben-
efit to the weaker section. To preserve the con-
stitutional rights of the South in this Union, the
legislation should be plain—unmistakable.
I further object to this bill, because, in accept-
ing that, instead of making our stand upon the
defeated Senate bill, we abandoned the question,
in this case, of the admission of a slave State north
of 36° 30'—a concession which, it strikes me, the
South should have avoided even the appearance
of making. It is no answer to say that the south-
ern States, which were committed to secession in
the event of the rejection of a slave State, would
have receded from their position because of the
fact that the anti-slavery party in Kansas so
greatly outnumbers the pro-slavery party. Those
States would have been then in no worse condi-
tion than they are now. The people of the whole
South would have felt indignant at the rejection
of the Senate bill; for it had been made plain to
them that, if rejected, it would be owing to the
slavery clause contained in the constitution. The
conference bill faintly purports to recognize the
principle that a slave State may be admitted, and
thus furnishes the ground, though such was not
the purpose of its advocates, upon which the tone
of the South will, I fear, be let down from its
former elevation.
Butgentlemen say the conference bill is a better
bill than the Senate bill. Had it been submitted
as an amendment to the Senate bill at the time we
expected to pass the Senate bill, by a Republican
or even a Democrat, I doubt if it would have re-
ceived the support of ten southern Democrats. It
would have been regarded as involving the aban-
donment of the position taken m the Senate bill.
What makes it a better bill ? Is there anything
in the bill itself, or in its passage, from winch the
most sanguine can augur the future admission of
a slave State from the Territories noithof 36°
30'—or even south? Rather the contrary.
As for myself, Mr. Chairman, I see no reason
to doubt the correctness of my convictions, but
much to confirm it. I voted against the measure
with regret at separating from my colleagues and
so many other true southern men; but, with my
views, I should do the same thing again, under
the same circumstances. The bill commands no
more my approbation now than it did at the time
of its passage. I voted, it is true, with my hon-
orable friend from Mississippi, for the motion to
lay upon the table a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; thus indicating our
indisposition to protract a* contest in which we
differed from so many of our friends. But if any
practicable good could have been attained by the
amendment of the confercnce bill, or by the sub-
stitution of the Senate bill, or something more
desirable, of course we would have voted for the
reconsideration. I no not recognize mere party
success and party supremacy as paramount to all
considerations of principle. I would concede
much for the haimony of the party I am acting
with—a great deal for the harmony of the party
of the South—but what I would concede must
fall short of the concession of principle involved,
in my conception, in the conference bill.
