%m
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June I,
propriatioQs for the civil and diplomatic expenses of,the
Government for the year 1841,' approved the 3d day of
March, 1841, which established and limited Use compensa-
tion of collectors of customs, shall be construed to apply to
surveyors performing or ha vine performed the duties of col-
lectors of-the customs, who shaif be entitled to tlie fcrtine
compensation as is allowed to collectors for like services
in the settlerrient of their accounts."
This section, as I understand it, was not carried
into execution by the Secretary of the Treasury,
because it was considered indefinite; it was uncer-
tain whether it meant to apply to surveyors only
in the future, or to surveyors in the past. If it
meant to apply to surveyors in the past, it had a
retroactive .effect until 1841,-and would be. so con-
strued as to allow salaries to men who had received
their salaries, been content with them, gone out
of office, and some of them were dead. w£ should
thus revise the accounts of all that class of per-
sons; and although they had received all they ex-
pected, or desired, or ever claimed, the accounts
would be reopened. I admit that whatever is the
law ought to be carried out; but I merely mean
to refer to this as showing the effects, if we should
make it imperati\e. If it should turn out that the
construction of the Secretary of the Treasury, in
which I believe he is sustained by the law officer
of the Government, is correct, and that this pro-
vision was indefinite, and could not be carried out
without further legislation, then, I say, I am un-
willing to pass further legislation in order to en-
force a provision which would have that effect.
Why should wc go back mid pay nien who rc-
ceivcd all that they were entitled to, who received
all they asked, and were satisfied with the settle-
ment? As to the construction of the Secretary
and the law officer on this provision, I have noth-
ing, just now, to say. That is the construction
they have put on it; and I am not willing to force
them to carry this out; that id to say, to pass a
declaratory provision which-shall say that this
provision is to have a retroactive effect, and to
allow these men this back compensation.
Mr. GREEN. 1 have one word to say, and it
is merely this: the law is so plain that how there
could be a doubt about its construction is to me a
mystery. It savs, surveyors of ports performing
or having performed the duties of collectors, shall
be paid at the rate of collectors for like services.
There can be no doubt about its construction.
About the bugbear to be raised up for the purpose
of frightening the Senate from their propriety,
with reference to ihe number of officers, J will say
that the number of surveyors collecting enough
under the ordinary percentage to go above the
#3,000 is very small, only snme three or tour, or
jive, I think. At tlx' hit ue o!)iees I here (,i eollect-
ors; they receive money ax colli c.tor.";; thrygive
bonds os collectors, and tire limited only by ^.(>,000.
Take St. Louis: it has a smveyoruf the pott; he
was limited to £3,00l). 1 low much revenue does
he collect3 From eight hundred to twelve hun-
dred thousand dollars a year; the average jy a mil-
lion. He incurs that responsibility, and the law
says for that responsibility and labor he shall be
paid at the same late as a collector, and yet he
cannot get it. I want the law made mandatory.
So with Cincinnati; so with Mobile: so with some
very few ports; but the number of offices where
the surveyor would, under this law, go above the
limitation of $,3,000 provided for surveyors, ls
very sma'L
Mr. PUG-] I. I agree with the Senator from
Missouii completely. I believe these men have
arbitrarily been deprived of what the law has
given them; and thetofore I shall vote for the
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we may as well set-
tle this mattci by a specific provision. It is very
clear, in my opinion, that under the jaw each one
of these sui vcyors, four,or five, or six in numbuj,
is entitled to this allowance; and if we do not set-
tle it now, we force them to be btanded as de-
faulters, and go into the courts to get that to
winch they are entitled under the law. I think
it is not just to them, nor to ourselves, to force
them to go into the courts,and to be thus branded,
in order to enable them to get that which is clearly
their right under the law, as it exists. I think we
had better pass a declaratory act. It is better for
the Department, for the surveyors, and for the
public.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. IlALE.' I have not time to investigate
this matter; but it strikes me, that as it is stated
byj.he friends of the proposition, this is a clear
case for the Court of Claims. It is a question as,
to thaconstruction-of a law. If these parties have
a right to the money under the law, let them go
to the Court of Claims and get it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mcdsrs. Blight, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Houston, Ivoi^on, Jone«<, Polk, I'ugh, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Stuait, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bi^ler, Brodcr-
iek, Brown,Cameron. Clark. Ciay, Collamer, Davis. Dixon,
JJoolittle, Fesscnden.'Foster,' Hale. Hamhn, Harlan,'Ilayne,
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Ma-
son, Ileid, Shdcll, Toombs, Trumbull, Wright, and Yulce
—09.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the following amend-
ment, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, as a new section:
And be. it Jurihcr enacted, That the Secretary of State be,
and he i.* hereby, authorized to adjust, upon principles of
equity and justice, the accounts of I. I). Awlicws, late
agent oi the United States ;n connection wiih the recipio-
eity neat), and that the s^une be paid uccoiduig to s>aid ad-
jUftment.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a private claim to
allow back pay.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not for back pay. This
gentleman was appointed a secret agent of the
Government, under authority of law, to edtRfcuet
this treaty; but the funds for miscellaneous ex-
penses gave out, so that he could not be paid.
The account is to be adjusted under the law. The
President had authority to appoint him, and this
is merely to pay him. It lias the approbation of
the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. This ph rase, " upon princi-
ples of equity and justice,5' generally covers pri-
vate claim's that cannot go through according to
law.
Mr. TOOMBS. It covers nothing but services
in connection with the tieaty. 1 took occasion to
ask t lie Secretary of State all about it, and, as far
as hi« examination went, he said it was correct.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Foreign
Relations unanimously iepoi ted this pioposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair will feel bound by the
statement of the committee that it i* to carry out
an exidtin^ law.
Mi. HUNTER. Of course; but I should like
to know why it is to be adjusted according to the
principles of equity and justice. Docs not the
taw cover n >
Mr. SSYv' :\ RI). ] suppose it does; but that is
the luaia! tolm.
Mt. • (ALL. I am mhi y (hat it could be an ob-
jection on the part of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, that this b to be done accord-
ing to the piliwqdes of equity and justice. That
rather eomm<,nds it to my nimd.
Mj\ HUNTER. Such provisions arc ccner-
allwdesm'ued to i\ o a discretion to the head of a
Department, whi<'h does not exist under the law;
and some oi the worst claims we have ever had
have passed in that shape.
Mr. SEWAliI >. The honoiable Senator ought
to have objected to foimcr claims that ho
says were bad claims, and not to this.
Mr. MASON I think the facta connected with
that matl.'v nr   very briefly these: during the
administration of President Fillmore, when Mr.
Webster was Secieiary of State, while they were
preparing material, and getting information with
a view to the reciprocity tieaty,this gentleman,
Mr. Andrews, who was perfectly well informed
on all subjects connected with the fisheries and
the ticide between Canada and this country, was
employed by Mr. Webster to collect mnteiml for
information on tho^e matters, and he made re-
port?, as the Senate is aware, which were subse-
quently printed in huge books, containing really
n fund of very valuable information. Afterwards,
during the administration of President Pierce,
the same gentleman was continued in employ-
ment, or employed anew by Secretary Marcy,
for the same object, lie was at Washington," I
know, for 1 had agrcat many interviews and con-
ferences with him, while tho tiuaty was pending,
and he did render very valuable services. How
he was paid. I do not know; but 1 am vety well
satisfied, on looking at the documents sent to the
Department of* State, connccted with his mission,
that-in its discharge, which was very faithfully
done, he incurred heavy obligations that it was
not in the power of the Government to relieve
him from, no money being appropriated, and the
object of this amendment is to enable the Gov-
ernment, after examination, to do justice to the
services he rendered on that occasion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I am directed by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment:
And.be it jurtker enacted, That from and afcei the 1st of
July, 1856, the clerks and messengers m the Washington
navy-yard and marine bat racks, shall be entitled to receivc,
as theretofore, the compensation authorized by the acts of
the ^d of Apnl and the 5th of August, 1S54 ; lor the pay-
ment of which,such sum as may be necestaiy is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that for back pay—a
private claim ?
Mr. BELL. Allow me to explain it first. It
is to carry out the provisions of a standing law.
These clerks have had no appropriations made
.for them under that law, since 1856. The Senator
from Virginia, I think, will not fail to remember
that this has been before the Senate three times,
and lost in the other House because of the lateness
of the session. It has been twice passed by the
vScnate, and I have brought the records to show
that. The Senator from Virginia, I remember,
at one time took exception to it, when it was first
ofleied; but the second and thiid times, I think,
he was siknt. I have the record before me to
show that it passed the Senate twice. I believe
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wadk] presented the
matter to the Senate, and had it referred to the
Naval Committee;ctnd it was placed in my charge
becausc I was supposed to know something about
it. From 1854 to 1856, this was regularly esti-
mated for, and they were paid; but from 1856, up
to this time, there has been no estimate and no
appropriation for them. It is a standing law, but
there has been an omission on the part of the offi-
cers that made the estimates. I have the law be-
fore me, and it is plain. In acts which have passed,
or will pass at this session, the other cleiks and
messengers provided for in the act of 1854 hove
their appropriations made, while these are left oat.
The amendment is oidy to restore them to equal
rights under the standing law.
( Mr. IIUNTER. Does this not propose to give
them back pay ? If it does, it conies within the
rule.  
Mr. HELL. It is not back pay. It is only
from 1856. I will read the law, ond I think my
friend from Virginia will see that he ought not to
object. The act of the 22d of April, 1854, pro-
vides:
" 0. A Ail hr it further cnactcL That the stamp and
blank ejrent lor the IV^tOfiiee Depai trnent leeeivo the ^um:
v ii-1 l.'i L-, or the m.d piovrded ioi m the f.i <t
-I'cimii oi ihis act; and .m addition of twenty pei cent, is
hoiehv added to the p-ty now aiulimized by law to each of
the nrewnireis, packer--, labour, and watchmen, of the
(1;if.'!ent Lveentivo jiop.titmmiK of tiro CiovoinmenU in
\Va-!mi'ito!j; to the elm \ v- employed at the liavj -yard and
maiine bauneks, ai Wardnngion," See.
On the 5th of August, in the appropriation bill,
there was a section including the messengers at
the navy-yard. These two acts are those upon
which this appropriation is asked. All the other
peisons included m the law have been regularly
estimated for, and paid, not only before 1856, but
subsequent to that time, if any discrimination
can be made between the two classes by gentle-
men, it goes beyond my power to do it; I have
no such faculty. It was not denied on the two
last applications made here. The Committee on
Naval Affairs are unanimous m agreeing to the
propnety of it. There is no difficulty, except
that the matter has not been supposed tu be well
undeiNtood by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia make the question of order?
Mr. HUNTER. Ye*, sir.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is impos-
sible for the Chair to decide rach a question. If
the act which has been read is a continuing act,
the amendment is m order; if it is an act which
expired m that fiscal year, it is otherwise.
Mr. DELL. It is a permanent act.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
under the circumstances, prefeis to submit the
question of order to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Then we may as well take
the question Oil th*e amend.ncnt. I withdraw the
point.
