1858-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
sions. Additional force is necessary as reported
to us by that Departmentof the Goverment which
has this subject in special charge. If it is intended
to execute the laws in Utah and to carry out the
plan which seems to have been prepared by the
President of the United States, it will undoubt-
edly be found that a force of troops is necessary
there, and to be retained there. Still I do not
mean to admit here to-day that I believe in the
truth of all that has been said in regard to the
people of Utah. Thr> experience of the world
teaches us thst on all such subjects exaggeration
accompanics fact. A small difficulty is enlarged
and magnified into a great one, and stories are told
about the designs of these people which, in my
judgment, have no foundation in fact. Certain
things, however, are true. It is true that almost
that entire community is a Mormon community,
whose religion, fanatical, as the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] said yesterday,
is their guiding star. It is undoubtedly true that
with that people as with the followers of Mo-
hammed, the authority of their priesthood is su-
perior to any other, when it is called in question.
Now how are the laws to be executed in that
Territory? You may send judges and district
attorneys and marshals there, but your jurors are
Mormons; your sheriffs, your constabfes, your
justices of the peace, are Mormons. That is the
condition of things which exists, and will continue
to exist as long as that people keep themselves m
bodies of the magnitude that are there now.
What is the difficulty complained of? Not that
a man cannot be arrested, not that civil process
cannot be served, but that jurors will not find a
verdict in accordance with the law and the facts;
or if they do, inferior courts interpose their pro-
cess and send their officers, take the respondent
into custody, and, by a habeas corpus, or some
process of their own, discharge him. Ilow, then,
are the laws of the United States to be executed
unless you have a military force to use in aid of
civil law ? If you call on the civil posse, they are
Mormons, they will not help you. If it is against
the direction of their priestly authority they will
not do it. Hence it is clear to my mind that a
force sent to that Territory must remain there if
you intend to execute the laws.
I do not mean to say that that would have been
my mode of getting along with the Territory of
Utah. I only mean to say thdt the President of
the United States has adopted his policy; that it
is the usual policy under our system, and that I
am ready to vote him men and mean3 to any rea-
sonable amount to execute that policy. Still I
deem it my right and duty to say here, that I be-
lieve it would have been better to have suspended
all intercourse of United States authority with that
Territory. I believe that if you withdraw your
officers, and withhold your appropriations of
money from that people, they cannot for one year
successfully resist the United States or any other
power. There is no article of their production
which they can get to market that will bring as
much money after they have got it to market, as it
costs to take it there. We are expending in that
Territory from forty to fifty thousand dollars a
year. It is all the money they have got, and all
they can get; and if you would withhold that from
them, they would soon come to terms.
The Senator from Tennessee asked me yester-
day what I thought about this species of fanati-
cism? I am notgoing into a comparative analysis
of this with other species of fanaticism, but I will
tell the honorable Senator, what ho knows as well
as any other gentleman, that the very best way
to bring a fanatical man to his senses is to reach
his pocket, and through his pocket his necessities.
Let him be put in a condition where he cannot
obtain the necessary clothing to put upon him-
self and upon his wives and children, and he will
become, of his own accord, a pretty submissive
citizen with great rapidity.
I say this would have been my mode of treating
with the Mormons. I should not have repealed
the organic law; I would have retained the organic
law; but I would have authorized, by act of Oon-
fress, the Presidentto suspend appointments, and
would, by the action of Congress itself, have
suspended appropriations. I repeat, that if you
take away the forty or fifty thousand dollars a
year which you spend among these people, they
will have nothing with which to icsist you.
Now, sir, briefly, very briefly indeed, I hope,
I have presented to the Senate the reasons that
will guide me in my action, and it is all I designed
to do. Believing that more military force is ne-
cessary to carry on the operations of this Gov-
ernment with wisdom, with energy, and with suc-
cess, I am prepared to vote it. Having confidence
in the committee that has had this subject under
consideration, and given us the benefit of its in-
vestigation, I am piepared to indorse its recom-
mendations; and I trust that we may not be di-
verted from the true subject in hand byanydis-
cursive debate.
I ask the attention of the Senate while I correct
one other misapprehension of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, and then I shall have ended all
that I have to say. The Senator from Maine read
an extract from a message of ex-President Pierce,
as to the right of the Government to use military
force to suppress difficulties at elections, to main-
tain the purity of the ballot-box. When the Sen-
ator read his selection from that message, I con-
fess it struck me as not being in accordance with
my recollection; and I think it will be seen, when
I read three or four other sentences of that mes-
sage, that President Pierce indorses this doctrine.
He could not have done less. Under the author-
ity given him by the constitution and laws of the
United States, any thing which amounts to domes-
tic violence, no matter from what cause it'origin-
ates, clothes the President of the United States
with authority to call out the troops, on a suffi-
cient local requisition. What does President
j Pierce say? After speaking of the difficulties in
' regard to Kansas, he adds:
i ^ '
I c* In «nieh an event, the path of duty for the Executive id
i plain. The Constitution requnin^him to take caro that the
| laws of" tiivj United Slates he faithfully executed, if they lie
I opposed in the Territory of Kansas, he ma> and should place
j at the di^po-salof the marshal any public foiee of the Uiuied
! States which happens to be within the jurisdiction, to be
u-sed as a poiuoii of the jio^sc comitatus; and if that do not
Mifficp to maintain oidei, then lie mav call lorth the milam
of one or more States for that object, or employ for the
same object any pat t of the land or naval force of ihe United
States. So, al>o, if the obstruction be to the laws ot the
Territory, and it be duly presented to him as a case of in-
surrection, he may employ, (or its suppression, the militia
of any State, or the land 01'naval foiee o{ the United States.
And if the Teintoiybe invaded by the citizens of other
States, whether for the purpose of deciding elections, or for
any other, and the local authorities find themselves unable
to repel or withstand it, they will be entitled to, and upon
the tact being fully ascertained, they shall most certainly
leceive, the aid of the General Government.*'
Now comes the sentence which the honorable
Senator read:
" But it is not the duty of the President of the United
States to volunteer interposition bv force, to preserve purity
01 election?, either in a State or Territory."
The Senator did not give the significance in-
tended to the word " volunteer." The President
has no authority under the Constitution of the
United States to volunteer in this matter. He
must be called upon by the executive authority
of the Territory in the absence of a session of the
Legislature; or if the Legislature be in session
they must call on him; and President Pierce says
in thjs message, when thus called upon, protection
will be checrfully furnished; but he says he has
110 authority to volunteer interposition by force to
preserve the purity of elections either m a State
or Territory:
"To do so would be subversive of public freedom."
And so it would.
uAnd whether a law be wise or unwise, just or unjust, is
not a question for him to judge. If it be constitutional, that
js, if it be the law of the land, it is his duty to cause if to he
executed, or to sustain the authorities of any State or Ter-
utory m executing it in opposition to alt insurrectionary
movements."
That is a true interpretation of the Constitution
of the United States; none can be truer. As I
said, I do not introduce that point here for the
purpose of going into any discussion upon the
existingstate of affairs in Kansas. Upon a former
occasion I discussed what was the duty of the
executive and judicial officers. On a recent occa-
sion I have discussed what I thought was the duty
of Congress. I shall continue to discuss those
questions as often as they are before us properly,
and in my judgment that is the proper time for
discussion; but I do think (and I beg pardon of
the Senator for differing with him) that on all
occasions when a question arises as to the corre-
sponding and relative authority of the different
depai tments of this Government, the debate should
not pass away without that subject being fairly
comprehended and understood. I shall regret,
deeply regret, ever to see the day which seemed
to be looked for with anything but displeasure,
not only by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Iverson,] but by my-colleaguo, [Mr. Chan-
dler,] occupying different sides of this question,
when the people of the United States, in a Terri-
tory, in a State, or elsewhere, shall be brought in
conflict, steel to steel and hilt to hilt. Sir, that
will be a day when not only the liberties of this
country will be ended, but when, in my judg-
ment, freedom upon this continent will sleep for-
ever.
Mr. FESSENDEN., The Senator from Michi-
gan has controverted some of the positions which
1 attempted to illustrate m a very few words the
other day, and he has referred the Senate to the
provisions of the Constitution of the United States
as laying the foundation for his argument. I think
he was unfortunate in that reference, especially
if he concedes, as I suppose every man must,
that Congress possesses no power to pass any
law which is not authorized by, and in pursuance
of, the provisions of the Constitution. The pro-
vision of the Constitution which he read, was
substantially this—I cannot repeat its exact lan-
guage—that on a requisition made by the Legis-
lature of any State, or the Governor of any State,
when the Legislature is not in session, Congress
may interpose for certain purposes. Very well,
if Congress can interpose for those purposes, it
must interpose by means of a law. The Presi-
dent cannot undertake to act except in pursuance
of a law passed by Congress, to carry out the
authority thus gtanted; and the act of Congress
which h^s been so much commented upon, is a
law passed in pursuance of that provision.
Now, sir, that provision of the Constitution ap-
plies to the States, and the States alone. There
is no provision in the Constitution authorizing
any law of the same kind with reference to a Ter-
ritory. That idea is drawn by implication, I sup-
pose, by the Senator, that "State" must mean
" Territory," if necessaiy; that is to say, if the
question arises in a Territory. There I take issue
with him. There is no such thing to be inferred.
The power is confined to the States; and the re-
quisition must be made by the Legislature of a
State, or the Governor of a State, the Legislature
not being in session; and the first section of the
act which has been referred to is intended to carry
out that provision of the Constitution.. There is
a very good reason for the distinction, and I beg
leave here to state it.
The Congress of the United States has no right
to interfere, of its own motion, m these matters
of difficulty in the States. The Constitution gives
Congress no such power. If it had the power, it
might become a very uncomfortable mediator in a
State; it mightdo things to which no State would
be willing to submit. It is only, therefore, when
called upon by the authorities of a State, that Con-
gress has the right to interfere at all in order to
put down domestic insurrection, or perform the
other duties prescribed in that section.
The same reasoning does not apply to a Terri-
tory. A Territory is under the direction of the
Government of the United States. The Governor
of a Territory is under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the united States. He is appointed by
him and may be removed by him at pleasuie.
How idle is it to talk about the similarity of the
two cases, when the Governor of a Territory is
nothing more nor less than the President of the
United States! The President may direct his
Governor to call upon hun to suppress insurrec-
tion; and if the Governor refuses to do it he may
turn out that Governor and appoint one who will
j apply to l113*i to suppress insurrection or interfere
m the affairs of the Territory !
The difference between a State and a Territory
is, that one is independent in all its action of the
Government of the United States, and the other
is the mere creature of the Government of the
United States, and dependent upon it. The very
reason and foundation of the application which
has been attempted to be made of the law that
was passed to carry out that provision of the Con-
stitution fails when you come to the case of a
Territory. If you apply that reasoning to a Ter-
ritory, the result is that you give the President
power to call out the militia or Army of the Uni-
ted States whenever he sees fit; because the whole
matter is under his control; he has the command
of the territorial officers and may remove them,
