1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
to be corrected by Congress. That practice is the
allowing half a dozen adventurous persons to go
far beyond the frontiers of the settlements, and
squat themselves down on the public lands, and
then demand of the War Department a company
of troops for their protection.
In the early history of the country, when the
States of Tennessee, Kentucky, and Ohio, wore
being settled, they were occupied by savages far
more ferocious than any now upon our frontiers.
When our fathers went to that country, they went
there with the hoe and spade m one hand and a
rifle in the other, and they protected themselves
against their savage foes. It is true the country
is more.able to afford protection now than it was
then; but I ask if it is reason able, just, and proper,
that half a dozen adventurous persons should be
allowed to go and settle in the wilderness, where
there is no market for the grain they can raise, and
then, to make a market, apply to the Government
to send them a company of troops—the most sub-
stantial advantage of which is, that it furnishes
them a purchaser for their produce?
If you will look at these reports from the War
Department, you will find that the greater part of
the extravagant expenditures of the Army are con-
nected with the quartermaster's department, in
consequence of the expense of transportation and
supplies for troops far beyond the frontiers of civ-
ilization. I submit, therefore, that the first step
towards retrenching theseenormous expenditures
should be the establishment of a cordon of posts,
north and south, along the frontiers, from which,
as occasion requires, the troops can be sent out
intothelndian country "to keep them inawe. That
will have the effect of saving the enormous expend-
iture for transportation. It was not until this late
practice of sending troops everywhere, when calls
were made, far beyond the frontiers, that these
enormousexpenditures in the quartermaster's de-
partment were incurred.
It is said in the newspapers—I do notbelieveit,
however—that these Indian wars are sometimes
gotten up by the settlers for the purpose of fur-
mshinga market and giving them an opportunity
of making a .speculation outof it. 1 do not attach
much credit to such reports; but certain it is that
the practice to which I have referied is likely to
lead to many irregularities.
There is another cause of these large expendi-
tures to which 1 now desire to call the attention of
the House. We have recently had before us a bill
to increase the Army of the United States. Well,
sir, in my simplicity, I imagined that it would be
a sufficient increase, and the most economical in-
crease, to add to the number of privates in each
company. 1 supposed we had officers enough, and
that tli e proper mode of me leasing the Army would
be to increase the number of privates. Having al-
ways heard thatour peace cstablifdnncntwas only
a "skeleton" Army, to bo iilb-d up in time of
war, 1 thought the time had ariived for filling up
the skeleton, without enlarging it. A few of the
friends around me, as inexperienced in militaiy
affaiis as I was, were under the same impression;
but we were told that an officer could not com-
mand more men than were placed under him under
our present system. I had not definite informa-
tion within my possession in respect to the or-
ganization of the armies of other nations in this
respect. I have, however, since, obtained inform-
ation, from which I have made out a table, show-
ing th^. number of privatps command eel by a single
officer, which I will read to the House.
-~
•£2
s A
o
%
Service.
n
H.
3
3
O
—
m 3
o
3d
~ 3
O o
o
H
PH
I*5
2
n
• no
37
Piench uilcs? 
i
o
y
115 to 145
33 to 48
AiHtuan mi.uitiv —
Grenadier 
I
3
4
i r 4
41
Oiher toot    
1
y
4
193 to 21,)
65 to 72
IlsHe company 
-
4
174
4 i
Fui->j:an niiantiv 
1
4
o
219
41
Sardinian tnfa.my 
I
0
y
12')
42
h'atdhuan niles 
i
0
y
V.i 3
44
llddj-jan infji'uv 
4
2o\i
59
United State-' mlnritiy
111 peoeo 
*
y
42
14
United States miantiy
m wai  
1
y
y
74
25
This table includes all the European nations,
with one exception, which have ever earned any
military reputation. It appears that the average
number of men commanded by one officer', in the
European service, is forty-seven. In our infantry
service, in time of peace, we have one officer for
fourteen men, with authority given to the Presi-
dent to increase the number of privates in each
regiment serving on the frontiers, so as to make,
in our war establishment, one officer for every
twenty-five men.
It is obvious that we have^got an Army of offi-
cers almost exclusively; hence, in some measure,
the great expense attending our Army. We have
got oificers enough; and the true way of increas-
ing the Army would have been by adding to the
number of privates in each company.
I remarked that there was an exception, and I
referred to the army of Great Britain. I have
not been able to obtain information in reference
to that, but I imagine our system is copied from
England. In England they may have no more
men to an officer than we have here. Cut why ?
Simply because in England the only way of pro-
viding for the younger sons of the nobility and
aristocracy, is to give them commissions m the
army; and hence there is always a pressure of in-
fluence to increase the number of oiftceis. And
we, in this republican democracy, from a different
motive, are following in the footsteps of aristo-
cratic England, in order to give to public men and
to public officers an opportunity of providing for
their friends.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him?
Air. BRANCH. Not now, sir; the gentleman
can make a note, and I will give him an opportu-
nity heteafter. There is another xeason for these
large expenditures to which I desire to call atten-
tion. No gentk man who has served m Congress,
or has been much about Washington city, can
have failed to discover that this Government has
degenerated into a Government of bureaus and
clerks. I have noticed that irresponsible bureau
officeisaie allowed to make estimates to Congress,
and Congress is called upon by the Administra-
tion to provide for those estimates. On that point
I wish to read some very sensible remarks of the
present very able Secretary of War, in his last
annual report. In speaking of some of the errors
in our service, he says:
" One of the gicatovt cnors of detail i^the ^epaiate, in-
dependent cli.u.'ierer of our ^tnftYoi ps. Thw remove-; them
from tlien piopet po-atunw aid-* or a^.-istants to Hie coin-
ui.uuler, and eonMitiito-; them hus eqiul-j. It contract^ tli<>
j>piiero ot ob-eivation and t \p<'!ienee, and tliu^ unfits tlie
oti'icer for ch.ume oi .idvan* etn-'i.t, and be^ew an a< cumu-
lation ot pu'Ledciil and p' • o^ntivo at war with tin: \ itul
pnnr lple of milam y ori^n in/at ton-— .l>e in viol utile and undi-
vided authouiy ot the head He i- bound, n< they aie, hy
the law, and Ins corMiuction oi it should govern them, not
tlu'i «5 linn."
Now, sir, that is a very sensible remark; and
the only matter of surprise is, that that very See-
rotary, about the very same time thathe wrote that
able document, should have allowed the Quar-
termaster General to send estimates to this Con-
gress for tlnec, four, or five million dollars with-
out his sanction; for such is the fact. Gentlemen,
by looking at the miscellaneous documents, will
find that there are' estimates provided for in this
bill for three or four million doiLrs, for which we
have not the recommendation of any other officer
than the QuartermastorGeneral of the Army. We
have not the mean? of holding responsible any
officer of the Government, for the Quartermaster
General is responsible to his military commander,
and not to Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I remarked before, some
of the causes of this enormous increase in the ex-
penditures of the War Department are remediable
by Congress. Some are abuses that have grown
up from year to year, until it is difficult to re-
move them. I have confidence, however, that the
present Administration will remove them, so far ;
as it is practicable to do so. I feel satisfied that J
they will exert themselves, and that they have ,
already commenced to exert themselves, to bring J
about reform; and that this is not an Adminis-
tration that is going to take advantage ot all the j
bad precedents that have been set, and will set no |
good ones for its successois. I know the matt-rial
of which it is composed; and, from my knowl-
edge of that material, 1 feel an entire conviction
that many of these abuses will be reformed, so far
as is dependent upon the executive department1
of the Government. Cut, in addition to that, Con- '
gress ha*s got to reform some abuses also; and
the first thing that we ought to do, would be, if
possible, under the rules of the House, to csll
back the bijj that was passed the other day pro-
viding for the raising of additional regiments, and
substitute for it a bill that shall add to the num-
ber of privates in our Army, without increasing
the number of officers.
But, sir, this is not the proper occasion to ap-
ply a remedy, You have an army in Utah; sent
there, not in violation of law, but sent there in
obedience to an obligation on the President to en-
force the law of the land. You do not deny that
the President had power to send the army there.
You only question the wisdom of the discretion
that he exercised in sending it. Now, sir, is Con-
gress, because there are abuses which have been
existing for several years, to avail itself of this
critical moment, when you have three thousand
of your brave troops in the mountains of Utah,
with an enemy in front, and the howling wilder-
ness behind them, to undertake to apply the ex-
treme remedy which belongs to Congress of re-
fusing supplies ? I do not believe that this House
will say that this is a suitable time to exercise
that high prerogative that belongs to the Repre-
sentatives of the people, of refusing supplies to
carry on the Government. I believe that an over-
whelming majority of the House are willing to
pass a bill to appropriate the means that are neces-
sary to supply the army in Utah.
But we find ourselves here crippled and ham-
pered, because connected in the bill are a number
of small objects altogether incongruous, and that
have no necessary connection with each other.
One gentleman objects that there is a provision in
it for paying to clerks certain extra compensation,
and thinks that so great an outrage thathe will vote
against the whole bill on account of it. I want to
call the attention of gentlemen upon the other side
of the House to the facf that this third section,
which has done so much to destroy the bill, was
put in there in consequence of the legislation of
the last House, in which the Republicans had a
large majority, and of which my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] who addressed the House yes-
terday upon this subject, was the acknowledged
leader.
Mr. SEWARD. I only wantto say to thegen-
tleman that ho is mistaken, and that that is the
strongest pnrt of the hill.
Mr. BRANCH. Other gentlemen object be-
cause there is in the bill a provision for paying
to the reporteis some $800 each.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say that the
Republican party had not a majority in the last
Congress, and that I was not the recognized head
of that party.
Mr. BRANCH. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity after I get through. Others object
; because there is an item in it to pay for the sur-
j veys of public land in California. Gentlemen may
! be right in their opposition to these various mat-
s ters. I am not prepared to say that they are not
• right. I myself am opposed to some of the pro-
visions of the bill. 1 sec no reason why, here
, i:i the middle of the session, gentlemen should
have fotced down their tin oats what they do not
! like, in order to get what they do hire. I cast no
, ccnsure on the Committee of Ways and Moans.
, They have done their duty, not only in regard to
! this bill, but in regard to all the bills of this sos-
i sion, in an able and unexceptionable manner. But
! that is no reason why we should be compelled,
! here in the middle of the session, to vote for what
we do not like, in order to get what we do like.
We will have enough of that to do in the last night
of the session, and we had better keep our stom-
achs in the best possible condition for that time.
My proposition is that, instead of forcing gen-
tlemen to vote for what they do not like, m order
to get what they do like, the Committee of Ways
and Means should report separate bills for the su p-
port of the Army and for these otheriterns. The
others may command the approval of a majority
of the House; and, if so, they will pa.^. But let
us not ciipple our Army, and the operations of
our Government, on account of a gratuity to the
reporters, however worthy of it they are, and of
extra compensation to our clerks. It does not
become the dignity of Congress to insist upon
subjects so incongruous, in order to make one
drive the other through.
Well, Mr. Speaker, I am not prepared to say
