- 4
TME, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
meat, in the form of an additional section to the
bills
jtnd be it further enacted, Tiiat $54,037 be appropriated
for completing tile improvement of ttie channel over tlie St.
Clair flats, i n the State of liichigan.
. Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate or rec-
ommendation of a committee for that?
. Mr. CHANDLER. Yea, sir; I hold in my
hand the estimate of the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. Recommending it, or merely
flaying what the cost would be?
- Mr. CHANDLER. It is an estimate by the
Department of the cost of the work, and comes
within the rule..
Mr. HUNTER. I submit to the Chair whether
that sort of estimate brings it within the rule ?
■ Mr. CHANDLER. I will state very briefly
the necessities of this case. I have the ordinary
estimates of the Department in the usual form.
Perhaps it will be better to have the point of order
decided before speaking on the merits of the ques-
tion.
Mr. POLK. There was an estimate, if I am
not mistaken, for another matter that was voted
down as an ordinary estimate. If that is the kind
of estimate that is contemplated by the rule, I take
it there have been cases m which decisions have
ruled particular appropriations out of order when
there has been such an estimate as that. I do not
make that as an objection to the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Michigan; bat I only
•wish that the rules shall be administered so that
everybody shall have the benefit of them, or
everybody stand subject to the disadvantages of
■them.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to make this suggestion:
•this amendment is not moved from any commit-
tee of the Senate, either standing or select; on the
contrary, one of the standing committees of the
Senate reported against that appropriation. It is
nut moved " in pursuance of ail estimate from the
heud of some of the Departments," because I ven-
ture to say that when you come to examine the
estimate, it will be found that it lias been made
in reply to a call by a resolution of the Senate,
and it has been made by the chief of the topo-
graphical bureau, and not by the head of a De-
■ parLment; and hence itdoesnotcomeeither within
the letter or the spirit of tins rule. Of course it
was intended by the i ule that the estimate should
come from one of the Cabinet officers, with his
recommendation. This does not eome from the
Secretary of War, nor does it come with his rec-
ommendation. It is an estimate made by the
topographical engineer who has that work 111
charge, and is transmuted in compliance with a
request of the Senate, by the Secretary of War,
as the estimate of the topographical engineer.
Mr. CHANDLER. This estimate comes in
the usual lorm on an application to the fcjecretary
of War for this specihc inlormation. lie sends
me a letter m his own handwriting, and accom-
panies Ins letter with the report of the bureau,
it is in the ordinary, usual form of all commu-
nications ftom the Secretary of War; and I sub-
mit to the Senate that this amendment is strictly
within the rule. The estimate is in the usual
form, according to the invariable method of com-
municating information from the Secretary of
War to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator send the papers to the Chair?
Mr. KEWARD. Let them be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department, Washington, March 1,1858.
Sir : In answer to your lettei of the 10th ultimo, I have
the honor, herewith, to transmit a report ot the colonel ot
the corps or topographical eugmeciH, inclosing copies of
communication* respecting tin1 ot^t of compiling the chan-
nel over the St. Clairflats and St. MaryV river, m the State
of Michigan, together with maps ot the same.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FX.OVI), Secretary of War.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Senate.
Bureau of Topographical E.v<mneers,
Washington, Februmy 26,185^
Sin: In reply to the letter of the Hon. Z. Cua.ndi.er, of
the 16th instant, asking for " estimates of the co t of com-
pleting the channel over the Clair flats and the rit.
Mary's nver, m the State of Michigan, likewise a map ol
each work," I have the honor of transmitting, herewith,
copies ot communications fiom Captain A. W. Whipple,
coips of topographical engineers, dated 18m and 00th Janu-
uiy.fiom which it will be seen thatfiom recent examinations
of these works, and an amendment necessarily made in the
contract for dredging St. Mary's river, a considerable change
in the estimates for the completion of these works is made
necessary.
According to the estimate given in Captain Whipple's
annual report-, the amou./t required to complete the im-
provement of St. Mary's river was $115,461 53
According to liis modified estimate, submit-
ted m his letter of 20th January, the amount
would be .„     148,681 53
Showing an increase over the former esti-
mate of $33,220 00
The amount of Captain Whipple's estimate
for completing the excavation of a channel
through the St. Clair fiats, as given in his an-
nual report, was   $23,421 00
As will he seen from his letter of the 18th
January, his first estimate contemplated a
depth of twelve feet, and he now suggests an
increased depth of two feet; making the whole
cut fourteen feet deep, instead of twelve feet;
the cost of which he estimates at  30,616 00
Which,added to the sum specified inlus an-
nual report, would make the amount lequired
to complete the proposed cut  $34,037 00
Copies of the maps of St. Mary's liver and St. Clair flats
arc transmitted herewith.
J'espectfullv, sir, vour obedient servant,
J.C.WOODRUFF,
Captain Topographical Engineers, Assistant in charge.
Hon. John 15. Floyd, Secretary oj War.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the question to he/
I whether an estimate from the liead of a DeparJ^
ment justifies this amendment. Is that itawni^s-
tion ? UK
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is whether the amendment is admissible under
the 30th rule of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The point is that it is admissi-
ble, because it is an estimate from the head of a
Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
ground taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that must be the
ground, as it cannot eome under any other. Then
the question is whether that is an estimate from
the head of a Department. I say it is not. The
chief of a bureau is not the head of a Depart-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the head of a De-
partment adopts the recommendation of the chief
of a bureau, does not that make it an estimate of
the head of the Department?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have known exactly such
statements to be made in regard to another head'
of a Department, here frequently, and with as little
truth. When the Senate, by a resolution, or a
committee, call on the hetid of a Department for
an estimate, it. is usually furnished to thorn. In
this case, I understand this estimate to have been
sent back in answer to a resolution. The coin-
i phance with the resolution was an obligation on
the head of the Depaitment; but the estimate made
by the chief of the bureau is not the estimate of
the head of the Department; neither is the pub-
lication, in the annual report of the Secretary
of War, of any estimates made by the head of
a bureau, an estimate from the Department. It
is made in compliance with a resolution which
directs it—a resolution of the Senate—which
requires all correspondence, all reports and esti-
mates, in relation to works of internal improve-
ment, that had been projected at the time the res-
olution was introduced, to be sent to the Senate,
with a statement of all expenditures accruing from
appropriations then existing. These are the re-
ports, estimates, and correspondence, sent here
annually, to an amount exceeding what it can be
profitable to any one to read—sent, not because
the head of the Department desires to send them,
fj but because a resolution of the Senate has com-
1 manded him to do so. Here I understand thean-
| swer to be in reply to a special resolution; and
| the estimates which are made by the officer in
: charge of the work, and sent to the head of the
i bureau, are furnished when called for. It is in-
| formation which is there deposited, and subject to
j be called for. The head of a Department has no
I option, and therefore no responsibility for trans-
it mitting it.
II If there be any reason in the rule, it must be
j! that, in order to bring amendments under the
V, operation of the provision, they shall be confined
Si to those subjects which had been recommended
j! by the head of a Department. He having charge
Jt of the operations of a particular branch of the
i' Government, and knowing what that branch of
the Government requires, calls upon Congress to
make an appropriation, and sends an estimate.
If there be any reason in the rule, that must be
the meaning of it; and as this amendment comes
under no other provision of the rule, and rests
entirely on the question of whether it be an esti-
mate from the head of a Department, I have noth-
ing: further to say in relation to it.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
raised by the Senator from Virginia, is whether
this amendment is admissible under the 30th rule,
it being claimed to be in pursuance of an estimate
from the Department. The question being dis-
puted whether it is an estimate from the Depart-
ment or not, the Chair will not decide it, but will
submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Read'the rule.
The PRESIDINGOFFiCER. The 30th rule
is:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments."
Mr. SEWARD. Let me say that it is not a
recommendation that is required by the rule, but
it is an estimate and nothing more nor less than
an estimate; and this is an estimate in the same
sense and with the same effect, and precisely the
same form which has always been accepted by
the Senate, as a compliance with the rule hereto-
fore. The practice of the Senate under the rule,
is the illustration of the sense of the rule of the
Senate. We have uniformly received estimates
in that form as complying with the rule. It may
be that the rule ought to be altered, and that the
recommendation or formal adoption of an estimate
by the head of a Department ought to be required;
\ but standing, as the rule does, according to the
! practice heretofore, I think the amendment is re-
! ceivable under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the Senator from
New York, before he closes, whether he consid-
eis that the fact that the Secretary of War covers
an estimate made by somebody else, and sends
it here m answer to a lesolution of the Senate,
makes it an estimate by the Secretary of War ?
Mr. SEWARD. I answer the honorable Sen-
ator—I do, if he does not dissent from it m trans-
mitting it to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator, still further,
if it be a simple inquiry as to the estimate for a
work, and the Secretary sends the estimate of the
local engineer, whether it is proper for him to send
with it lus dissent to the application of money for
that purpose?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
excuse mo. I have never held an administrative
trust, and I presume I never shall 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator, however, has held
a place in the Senate; and when he sends an in-
quiry from the Senate to an executive officer, I
ask him what would he think of that executive
jj oiticer if he interposed his opinion as to the pro-
il piiety of the Senate acting on it?
Mr, CHANDLER. It is usual to employ a
clerk to copy the estimates. It is an estimate,
and as much an estimate as was ever submitted
to the Senate from the head of a Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I am waiting.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 do not propose to dis-
cuss this\ question ot order. The case is so clear
that I am willing to subVmt it either to the Chair
or to a vote of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi has the floor, unless he yields it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wanted him to get through; I
wanted to hear what he had to say. I asked the
Senator from New York a question; I believe he
can answer it.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question the hon-
orable Senator puts to me?
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from New York
says he has never held an executive trust; but
he has held a place in the Senate, and I ask him
whether, when the Senate sends an inquiry di-
rectly to an executive officer to report an estimate
for a work, knowing that an estimate has been
made by a local engineer employed on it, and that
executive officer sends it back, he expects the ex-
ecutive officer to inform the Senate as to the pro-
priety of appropriating the money or not?
