464
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
at pleasure; and consequently, as I said before,
he has only to call on his Governor (the Legisla-
ture not being in session) to state to him that the
condition of the Territory is such as to require
the intervention of the Federal Army, and then
everything is -under military domination, directed
by the President of the United States, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, there-
fore, will see that his reasoning fails. The first
section of the act, as I remarked,is drawn to carry
out that provision of the Constitution, and that
provision of the Constitution does not apply to
Territories. It does not express the idea of its
being intended to apply to a Territory. The
language is " State," and " State" alone; and no
act thatis passed underand by virtue of it, apply-
ing it to a Territory, giving the same authority,
could be constitutional. If found at all, the au-
thority must be found under another provision of
the Constitution, and that is the one immediately
succeeding, in which it is made the duty of the
President to execute the laws of the United States.
1 do not deny that under that provision, if the
laws of the United States were resisted in a Ter-
ritory, Congress might give the President power
to use the militia, and power to use the Army
where he could use the militia; because the Ter-
ritories being subject to the laws of the United
States, they being creatures, m theirorgamzation,
of the statutes of the United States, so far as it
becomes necessary to enforce these laws it is the
President's duty to execute them; and if he has
not the power, Congress may confer upon him
by a statute the requisite authority to enfoice
these laws and to prevent their being obstructed.
Hut the difficulty with reference to the use of the
Army in Kansas is, that there is no authority
given tothePresidentsnecifically to use the Army
for the purpose of preventing obstructions to the
laws of the United States in Kansas, because the
statute, as I remarked before—and I differ with
the Senator there—does not in terms give it, be-
cause the second law simply changes the instru-
ment which may be usea, or rather gives the
President power to use another instrument, but
does not extend the contingencies in which force
may be used as provided by the first law.
But behind that was the position which the
Senator did not al tempt to answer—that the law
of the Territorial Legislature approved by the
Governor, is not a law of the United States, and
cannot be made so by any logic, unless the Con-
gress of the United States pass it again, or indorse
it in some way or other. Consequently there is
no authority whatever in any of those laws, even
on the construction given them by the Senator
himself, to use the Aimy for the purpose of en-
forcing the ten itorial laws of Kansas. T he Govern-
ment was well aware ofthis when it gave direction
that the military force must be used as a posse com-
itatus, under the direction of thccivil power. Send
two thousand five hundred men there as a posse
comitatus! Who ever heard of such a thing as
sending a regular army into a country to boused
as the people of a county, for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws in a county ? This may do very
well to talk about; but anybody with half an eye
can see that it is a mere evasion, and a clumsy
evasion. It is using an army (which cannot be
used legally) under the pretense of making a mere
people of a county of it, to aid in enforcing civil
piocess. If it were actually a posse comitatus, it
should be called forth in a specific manner, not
by the Governor of a State to enforce the laws of
a State generally, but by the civil magistrate of
a county to enforce the execution of a precept.
That is not the mode in which it lias beer. used.
I say, therefore, that this idea of sending the
Army to Kansas, and calling it a posse comitatus,
and to be used as such, is merely lor the purpose
of accomplishing, by means of an evasion, what
cannot be accomplished by virtue of any laws of
the iand, in any manner or fo any extent.
These were the positions which I took in ref-
erence to this point the other day; and now the
Senator does not differ so far from me about the
construction to be put on Mr. Pierce's language.
I did not undertake to say anything more than
that President Pierce denied that he could volun-
teer to protect the purity of elections in Kansas;
but President Buchanan does interfere, and does
volunteer to do that very thing. There is the dif-
ference.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not understand
that since that, there has been a demand from the
Governor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There has been a demand
from the Governor of the Territory—for what
purpose ? To prevent insurrection?
Mr. PUGH. To execute the laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To execute what laws ?
The laws of the United States?
Mr. PUGH. The laws of the Territory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those are not laws of the
United States, and the power cannot be furnished
to execute the laws of the Territories legally. He
has been called upon generally; but there has
been no specific eall upon the President asking
him to furnish aid, for the purpose of stationing
men about the ballot-boxes. That is an act which
he volunteered himself in his instructions to Gov-
ernor Walker when he sent him out there. He
directed the Governor what to do in advance,
before any call was made by the Governor. It
comes back precisely to the same point I stated
before, that Mr. Buchanan directs Mr, Buchanan
to send tioops into that Territory under the name
of a posse comitatus whenever lie chooses to do it,
and on whatever pretense ho chooses. It was a
voluntary act on his part in the beginning. The
germ which has grown up to this great violation
of the law and the Constitution by sending such
a large amount of troops, was contained in his in-
structions originally. He did it. Mr. Walker in
calling for troops was only calling for aid to ex-
ecute what the President had volunteered in the
first place. I do not choose to defend Governor
Walker, or accuse him; but when the honorable
Senator from Mississippi the other day read that
dispatch from lum, in which he set forth those
tremendous and awful difficulties at Lawrence,
that they had actually formed a combination to
make a city government and do divers and sundry
other little things of that kind, and therefore that
the aid of the Army was required to suppress in-
surrection, I thought the honorable Senator could
hardly help laughing m his sleeve when he used
that as an argument to justify the sending of such
an amount of troops to Kansas!
Mr. DAVIS. 1 thought it rather a grave mat-
ter. The Executive of the United States was
arraigned for sending troops there. I read from
the dispatch from the executive officer of the Ter-
ritory the call which was made on the Executive
of the United States, and which justified him in
keeping the troops there after, indeed, they had
been destined for another service. It may be a
laughing matter to the gentleman for a town to or-
ganize itself into an attitude of rebellion, for the
Governor of a Territory to call on the President
of the United States for military force, but it
strikes mo as rather grave, rather lamentable.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Rebellion! That is a
new idea.
Mr. DAVIS. A new idea! You found it in
the dispatch, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Find it in the dispatch !
Because he calls it so, that docs not make it so;
and because the Senator chooses to call it so, and
emphasises it, that does not make it so. Rebel-
lion ! Talk about rebellion because the inhabit-
ants of a city organize a mere civil government
for civic purposes to clean their streets, perhaps
to light their streets, to hnve a little order, to re-
sist no Government anywhere, United States,
State, or territorial, but merely to conduct their
own civic affairs ! Rebellion against the Govern-
ment indeed! That is like " constructive trea-
son."
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will examine the
| attempted organization at Lawrence, which he
calls a mere municipal organization for a city gov-
ernment, he will find that its purpose, its object
expressly declared, was resistance to the law or-
ganizing the Territory, resistance to the laws that
had been passed by the territorial authorities.
They required every man to swear to support i
the Topeka constitution; and they called on their
friends throughout the Territory to organize.
They appointed a major-general by the name of
Jim Lane, I think, who had his aids and his co-
operators throughout. This formidable array,
with these purposes, induced Governor Walker
to call it rebellion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing of that
sort in Governor Walker's dispatch. What out-
side intelligence the Senator from Missouri may
have, I do not know. I know that Governor
Walker appeared to be very much excited about
the matter.
Mr. GREEN. It is in the papers accompany-
ing the dispatch.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not seen it then.
Mr. GREEN. I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Even if it is, how do you
make rebellion out of it? That is what I ask.
Mr. PUGH. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. Suppose a parcel of people in the city of
Washington get together and make a city coun-
cil and municipal government, and proceed to
levy taxes without the authority of Congress or
the present municipal corporation, what would
he call that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they levy taxes,
but do not attempt to enforce them ? Suppose the
people are willing to pay them for their own pur-
poses? Do you want troops to put them down ?
Air. PUGH. Suppose they carry on a city
government here, what do you call it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is done by consent
of the people, and nobody objects, then it is in
defiance of no proper authority.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not answer
my question. What does he call such an organ-
ization ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do I call it? I do
not call it rebellion. Do you ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I should like to
have the Senator find me a definition of rebellion
in some law-book. Whom do they rebel against ?
Mr. PUGH. Against the lawfully constituted
government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing until
there is an overt act. Was the meeting of the
Topeka Legislature rebellion ? They had formed
a constitution, and they met to act'on it; they
met to pass laws.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to answer. If they had
attempted to put a single one of their laws in
force, even a law simply to create a private cor-
poration, it would have been rebellion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly, if they had
done it by force; but these people proposed no
such thing. It was a matter done by common con-
sent in the city of Lawrence. They attempted
to urge nothing on any man contrary to his will.
They attempted to levy no taxes. All that was
done was for mutual accommodation, and by mu-
tual agreement. It was called for because the
powers in authority were unwilling to see any or-
ganization there, unless it was an organization
subject to their control. I say that the idea of
calling out large bodies of troops to be stationed
there on account of a matter of that simple descrip-
tion, was to me always an absurdity.
I repel the idea which the honorable Senator
from Mississippi seems desirous to communicate
with regard to us, that because we look upon a
great many of these things which have been done
in Kansas as ridiculous in themselves, we are
therefore in favor of bloodshed and civil war, and
all those horrible consequences which are to fol-
low from that state of affairs which has been
brought upon the country by attempting to force
upon the people of Kansas institutions and laws
which they reject. No, sir; do not impute it to
us. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson]
said yesterday, that he was sorry any troops had
ever been in Kansas; sorry that those border ruf-
fians, as he did not call them, but as we call them,
had not been left to wipe out the Abolitionists, as
they would have done; and when my friend from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] replied, not that he
was soiry, but stated the fact that if the troops
had not been there, a different result would have
followed, then the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi at once says, " now we see the motive of
the opposition in opposing this bill; they desire
civil war in Kansas." Is that the motive of the
honorable Senator from Georgia?
Sir, there is only one state of things in which I
shall expect civil war to arise in Kansas, and that
is when you attempt to force on that people, by
an overheating power, institutions which they
reject; a constitution from which they shrink;
laws, in the making of which they have had no
part. If that be attempted to be done by force,
