THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1858.
New Series....No. 30.
then, sir, I justify their exhibiting the spirit that
was exhibited by their ancestors; and I trust in
God that spirit is not yet extinct in this country
of ours. I do not shrink from the accusation of
being in favor of civil war, if it must come, when-
ever the necessity arises that calls for it. There
is a point beyond which forbearance ceases to be
a virtue m nations as-well as in men; and when
the time conies in this country that we cannot
speak on certain things without being met with
the accusation of desiring1 civil war, I, for one,
tell you just when I am ready to meet it. Not
that f desire or would call for it, or would not do
everything that an honest man or a patriot could
do to avoid it, but I should be unworthy the name
of American citizen if I said that there could be
no occasion when I should not be ready to meet
the consequences.
Now, Mr. President, in order that I may not
trouble the Senate again upon this subject, as I
hope not to do, I wish to say a word in regard to
the general subject before the Senate—the passage
of this, bill for the increase of the Army. I say,
~ again, that I have listened and waited in the hope
that from somebody I should hear a reason given
for this increase of the Army. Some gentlemen
have said that if an army is needed for Utah, to
put down the Mormon rebellion, they are ready
to vote whatever may be necessary. 1 have said
that; and it has been urged in the Senate by some
gentlemen that the increase is necessary for that
purpose. Sir, 1 go to headquarters on that point.
The Executive Government of the United States,
in recommending the increase of the Army, has
not said so. If it is necessary in order to put an
end to the Mormon rebellion, let the President
tell us so, and take the responsibility of it—not
shrink from it, and call upon us on other grounds
to increase the Army. No longer ago than yes-
terday, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs told us he did not put it on that ground
because the Executive did not. Let us hear no
more, then, about the Mormons. Let us wait for
the recommendation of the Executive on that
point. Let not anybody in the Senate, or out of
it, accuse? the minority here, so far as they act
against this bill, of being unwilling to send aid to
oar army, and to send out as many troops as may
be necessary to enforce the laws of the United
States, in Utah and elsewhere, so long ow the Pres-
ident docs not tell us it is necessary, so long as
the Secretary of War does not tell us so, so long
as the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs tells us expressly that he does not put it on •
that ground, because it is not demanded on that
ground; but tells us on the contrary that this Ad-
ministration does not wish a temporary increase
of the Army, but desires a permanent increase,
not for Utah, for that is an occasional matter, but
for other purposes.
X repeat what I said the other day, that if I un-
derstand anything about the course of legislation,
when the executive Government comes before a
Legislature and says it wants a large increase of
the disposable military force of the country, it is
not enough in my opinion to say, 44 we shall want
these troops on account of Indians whom we are
bound to control, and on account of the difficulty
which exists in regard to emigration across the
plains, and we want to fortify some military
posts." Would not a military man when he de-
manded that, say: " I propose such and such mat-
ters as necessary; I must have so many troops at
one point for one purpose, and I must have so
many troops at another point for another pur-
pose; I wish to have so many to execute the laws
in one place, and so many," if he has the author-
ity, " to execute the laws in another place,'1 and
give us the details, showing that the number we
now have is not enough, and that more are re-
quired for those purposes, submitting to our judg-
ment the details on which we may act? That is
my trouble; and the answer I get still, after two
or three days of discussion, is not a single detail
of any particular number of troops wanted any-
where; but a general statement that the Indians
on our frontier and the protection of the emigrant
30
routes, in the judgment of the Secretary of War,
require an addition of about seven thousand men
to the disposable force of the Army. As I said
before, that is not enough formp. If the Govern-
ment really dsslre to carry this measure, and have
an idea that it should meet with the approbation
of the people of this country, and be sustained by
any but a mere subservient Congress, that has
neither the mind to comprehend what is needed
by the country, nor the courage to speak their
opinions upon it; if they address themselves to a
Congress of independent men, ought they not to
furnish us with the information if they have it?
I therefore must say still, as I said before, that
I do not believe any more troops are needed.
Why ? For the reason that the Government will
not tell us where they need them, or why they
need them, with any particularity at all. I hold
that, at this point in our history, situated as we are
now, with the finances of the country in the state
in which they are, with the people groaning under
the burdens which are imposed on them for the
support of the Government, with so large a por-
tion of the people out of employment, and with
no prospect of early employment, no man here is
justified in vo'ting to impose on them this great
additional burden upon the mere statement of an
opinion, when that opinion is not supported by a
single fact or a single explanation. As was said
by one of the papers in tlus city this morning, I
should rather be disposed to believe that the real
reason is not to be told, because the Government
arc unwilling to speak it; and it is that the Gov-
ernment wishes force enough to execute its own
laws, and such other laws as its creatures mav
see fit to pass for any purposes whatever; anil
for those purposes I am not disposed to vote
them.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I wish to make
one or two observations on some of the extraor-
dinary propositions of the Senator from Maine;
and I should not detain the Senate but that they
have been iterated and reiterated so often that it
seems to me necessary to notice them. In the
first place, what was the character of this organ-
ization, or pretended organization, of a municipal
government in the city of Lawrence? " Why,"
says the Senator, " it was simply a government
to pass town ordinances, and clean the streets."
So it was. That is all the government of the city ,
of Washington is. That is all the business of the ]
government of the city of New York. The sim-
pie question is, have they authority to establish
a municipal government in defiance of the Terri-
torial Legislature. Is it not the case of the To-
peka, so-called, State Legislature? I say again,
if that body calling itself a Legislature had at-
tempted to put a single one of iis' laws in force, it
would have been an overt act of treason. At the
last Congress, I said, and said repeatedly, that
the resistance of a single law of the United States,
or tho resistance of any given number of laws of
the United States, did not amount to the crime of
treason; but to resist the law-making power as a
general pioposition is the offense of treason.
What did Aaron Burr? Let us characterize it
in the Senator's sneering manner; why he assem-
bled a couple of hundred gentlemen at Elenner-
hasset's Island ? What harm in that, the Sena-
tor may say. They marched and paraded, but it
was a thing of consent. Mr. Burr proposed to set
up a government in the southwest part of the
country; but it was only a government over those
who agreed to live under it. He proposed to
make laws, but his laws were merely local. The
essence of the matter is, that he proposed to set
it up against the legitimate will of the sovereign,
and that was the essence of this Lawrence busi-
ness. Was it, as the Senator from Maine says,
a mutual compact-of individuals for their conve-
nience ? Why, sir, here is the alleged charter of
the city of Lawrence. It sets out with the decla-
ration that it is in defiance of the laws of the Terri-
tory. It sets out with a defiance of the Territo-
rial Legislature, in so many words:
" A& the territorial government, however, m no sense rep-
resents the people of Kansas, was not elected by them, and
can have 110 right to legislate for thein, we eanaot aceept
of a charter at its hands."
Can a defiance be more plain ? They then au-
thorize this government of theirs to levy taxes and
to collect the taxes by the hands of officers whom-
they appointed. What more did the Dorr rebel-
lion do, or did it do half so much, in Rhode
Island ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I beg to interrupt the Sen-
ator, and to state a fact for his Democratic con-
sideration. We had a government within Rhode
Island for more than sixty years, carried on by
the negroes, who used to have regular election6?
every year, and they had a very nice time. They
were very peaceable about it. They used to pass
resolutions every year to tax themselves, and
carry on all the forms of government; but the reg-
ular government of the State never thought of dis-
turbing them.
But the Senator from Ohio asks what Mr. Dorr
did. Mr. Dorr and bis friends, in the firstpiace,
made a constitution, as I had occasion to show
yesterday. They had a Legislative Assembly ,:two
Houses of theirown,and he went into that body
under an escort of more than one thousand men
under arms. They passed laws, appointed State
officers, and organized a government in every re-
spect. He asked what I thought the government
of Rhode Island would do in case he did such
things; and now I will tell the honorable Senator
nay answer, as a suggestion which may apply to
this case, though I do not profess to boa lawyer.
After they had voted down the constitution, we
proposed to them—he met me; it was the last time
I ever spoke to him, and here I may say that I
always had a great opinion of his integrity, honor,
and honesty—and he said: "Mr. Simmons what
are you going to do now that you have lost your
new constitution?" Oh,"said I, "we are going
to live under the old one until we can get you to
agree to let us have abetter one." " Well,"said
he, " suppose we put our government in force,
what do you mean to do, suppose we organize and
have an election?" " Very well, "said I,"goon;
we shall not do anything. The free blaeks.-have
had elections for sixty years down in Wickford,
and we will not pay any more attention to you
than we do to the Wickford election, that takes
place every year, and is published in the news-
papers. Go ahead; we shall not trouble you."
" Well," he replied, "suppose we pass laws, and
execute them ?" "Then,"l answered," we will
shoot you just as soon as we would a black
snake."
Mr. PXJGH. The Senator and I agree exactly,
j Mr. SIMMONS. But, let me tell you a little
| further: we have not quite come to the point yet.
, We did not disturb Mr. Dorr or his friends.
They went on and organized their government;
but we never took any notice of them until they
erected fortifications on the borders of our State,
and called in aid from other quarters. Then we
said it was armed rebellion, and we went at them.
Mr. PUGH. And then you were right. That
is what I say about this proceeding. As long as
they met—asimple debating society, calling them-
selves the Topeka Legislature — and expressed
their sentiments under the title of laws, nobody
eared twenty-five cents for them; theywere of 110
more consequence than half a dozen gentlemen
met out in a ten-acre field; but when tliey under-
took to put a law of their making in force, then it
became rebellion; and, as the Senator says, they
ought to have been shot—a.t least some of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the Senator from Ohio
1 if there was any such overt act at Lawrence ? If
' he can show me that there was, perhaps he and
I may agree.
Mr. PUGH. The question is not whether they
committed the overtact. The question is, whether
they threatened to do it; but being warned not to
do it, they then stopped. They were warned not
to do it, and they paused on l.he threshold; but I
say it was rebellion. If they had proceeded to
put in force this charter and levy taxes, they
would have committed an act of rebellion against
the territorial authorities, which it would have
