1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
Mr. CLEMENS. And so should I.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barkj-dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch,
Bryan, Burns, Campbell, Caskie, Chapman, Horace F.
Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Cockerill,
Corning, Cox, James Craig, Crawford, Davidson, Davis of
Maiylaud, Davis of Mississippi, Devvart, Dimmick, Dow-
deli, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence,
jFolev, GartreU. Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg,
Groe'sbeek, Lawrence W. Hall, J. Morrison Flams, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hopkins, Howaid, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Ja-
cob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher,
Maclav, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles,
Million, Montgomery, Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morns, Niblack, Nichols, Olin, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ricaud, Russell, San-
didge, Savage, Scott, Seating. Seward, Aaron Shaw, Sin-
gleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George
Taylor, Warren, Watkms, White, Winslow, YVoodson,
Wortendyke, Augu&tus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer— 111.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Binghain, Blair, Bliss.,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, BuiuPtt, Burroughs, Case,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb,
Claik B.Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragm, Button
Craige, Cuiry, Ouitis, Damrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Fams-
worth, Fenton, Foster, Garnett, Giddings, Gilman, Good-
win, Gianger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hill, Hoard,
Horton, Houston, Geoige W. Jones, Kellogg, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leach, Loiter, Lovejov, Humphrey Malshall, Ma-
son, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Moi^e,
Mott, Muiray, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Totter, Pottle,
Purviance, Ready, Reagan,Ritchie, Robbing, Royce, Rutfm,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Shei-
man. Shorter, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. YVa>hburn, El-
lihu B. Washburne, l&iael Wa&hburn, and Wilson—97.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. There has been one motion
to reconsider, and the gentleman's motion is not
in order.
ADJOURNMENT OVF.R.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee of Claims, of matters report-
ed from the Court of Claims.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i demand the yeas
and nays.
Xhe yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Andrew*, Arnold, At-
kins, Barksdale, Bilhnyhur-t, Rishop, Blair, Bonhain,
IJoyce, Btancl), Biyan, Burnett, Burns, Burroughs, Uabkie,
Chapman, Ezia Cl.ulc, lioiace F.Clark, Jonn B. Claik,
Cla>, Clinginan, John UocInane,Comrns, Corning, Covode,
Cox, Button Ciaitro, Ciawford, Curtis, Davidson, Davi* of
Mai}land, Davis ol Indiana, Davis of Ma-^ac hu^etts Dean,
Edie, Eustiti, Faulknet, Flori-ncc, Foley, Gartrcll, Gilhs,
Grander, Giegg, Gtow, Lawience W. Hall, Hatch, Haw-
kub , Hill, Iloaid, llorton, Howard, Jenkins, Kellocg, Kelly,
JacobM. Kunkel,Lamar, Landy,Lawrence,Leach,Leidy,
J-ititui, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Ma.^on,
Montgomery, Mornll, Edward joy Morris, Mott, Niblack,
Olin, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Puiviance, Quitman,
Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rutfin, Shoiter. Sickles, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stallwoith, Stephens,
Stevenson, William Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Geoige Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wal-
budge, Waldron, Walton, Cddwaladei C. Wa^bbuin, El-
Iibu B. Washburne, Israel Washbuui, Watkms, White,
Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Wortendvke, and Augustus li.
Wright—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Avery, Bennett, Bingham, Bliss,
Bocock, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Campbell, Case,
Chafiee, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockenll,
Colfax, James Craig, Curry, Damrell, Davis of Mississippi,
Davis of Iowa, Dewait, Edmundson, Elliott, F.nghsh,
Fainsworth, Fenton, l^oster, Garnett, Giddings, Gilman,
Gooeh, Goode, Goodwin,Greenwood, KobeitB. Hall, Har-
Jan, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kilgore. Knapp,Lovejoy, Matteson, May-
nard, Millson, Moore, Morgan, Freeman H. Morse, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Phillips, Iteady,
Ilovce, Sandidge, Srales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Stanton,
Jamec A. Stewart,Tnppe, Wade, Warren, John V. Wright,
and Zollieoffci—75.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee said: Mr. Speaker,
I ask that the latter clause of the 39th rule be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" No member or other person shall visit or remain by the
Clerk's table while the yeas and nays are calling, or ballots
are counting."
ORDER OF BUSINESS, ETC.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. COBB. If the House determine to go into
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union will not the District police bill be the first
business in order?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. COBB. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts takes preccdence.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of an act (S. No. 107) for the relief of
Ephraim Hunt; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask leave to make are-
port from the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts takes precedence.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is not the regular
•order of business the call of committees for re-
ports of a private nature?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I hope we will
have that call before going into committee.
Mr. GOODE. I deem it my duty to say that,
if the motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House be voted down, I shall move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where the police bill is the first business
in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion has been made
by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to permit me to make a report from
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I must decline to yield.
Mr. GOODE demanded tellers on Mr. Chaf-
fee's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 91, noes 71.
Mr. GOODE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURROUGHS moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Chaf-
fee's motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I am satisfied that
nothing will be done to-day, and 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I think it
proper that the House should now adjourn, to take
notice of a fact in the history of the country. A
distinguished ex-member of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and one who has long enjoyed the con-
fidence of the country, has, within the last few
moments, departed this life. I hope the motion
to adjourn will prevail.
Several Members. Who is it?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The Hon.
Thomas H. Benton.
The motioji of Mr. Smith, of Tennessee, was
agreed to; and the House thereupon (at twenty-
five minutes past two o'clock, p. m.) adjourned
until Monday.
After the Speaker had announced the House
adjourned—
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who had sought the
floor before the motion to adjourn was put, said:
Colonel Benton handed me a letter this morning,
with a request that if he should die any time soon,
and any notice should be taken of his death in
the House, 1 would have it read. I now ask that
it be read. The Clerk read the letter as follows:
C Street, Washington, April 8, 1858.
To you, as old Tennessee fnend«, I addie*s myself, to
say, that in the event of my death here, I desire that there
shall not be any notice of it in Congress. There is no rule
of either House that will authorize the announcement oi
my death ; and if there were such a rule, I should not wish
it to be applied in my case, as being contrary to my feelings
and convictions, long entertained, as shown in a note to a
speech of Mi. Randolph on the occasion of the death of Mr.
David Walker, published in the Abridgement of Debates,
volume six, page 566. The request ot Mr. Walker, there
recorded, and the remarks of Mr. Randolph, express en-
tirely my sentiments and convictions. Should, therefore,
any of my kind friends, in either House, make it necessary
to do so, I intrust to you to make known, by means of this
note, my express wish and desire that the event remain
unnoticed in Congress.
Your old Tennessee friend.
THOMAS H. BENTON.
To Samuel Houston, Esq ,
Senator in Congress from the State of Teaxts, and
George W. Jones", Esq ,
Representative in Congress from. Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 12, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. B. F. Bittinger.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. J. F. Carter, its chief clerk, announced
that it had passed a bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply
deficicncics in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30,1858*, which, on
motion of Mr. Hunter, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had adhered to its amendment,
disagreed to by the Senate, to the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to remark that at one
o'clock to-morrow, if not before, I shall call up
the hill just received from the House of Repre-
sentatives; and I give notice that I shall ask for
prompt action on the subject.
DEATH OF COLONEL BENTON.
Mr. POLK. I do not think it would be in con-
sonance with the wishes of Colonel Benton, as
expressed jnst before i}is death, in a letter ad-
dressed by him to General Houston of the Senate,
and Mr. G. W. Jones of the House of Represent-
atives, that any public demonstration should be
made in consequence of his death; but in order to
give to each individual member of the Senate, as
a citizen, an opportunity of attending his funeral
which takes place from his house at two o'clock
to-day, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator that he modify his motion so as to make
it that the Senate will adjourn at one o'clock.
That will enable us to go through the morning
business. Let the motion be modified so that
when the hour of one o'clock arrives, the Presi-
dent shall adjourn the Senate.
Mr. POLK.. If it meets the view of the Senate
I have no objection at all to that proposition. On
■ the suggestion made by the Senator from New
Hampshire I withdraw my former motion, and
now move that at one o'clock the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented an additional paper in
support of the claim of A. G. Allen, late Navy
agent at Washington city; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. IVERSON presented a letter of Montgom-
ery Blair, late solicitor of the Court of Claims,
recommending an amendment of the act estab-
lishing the Court of Claims; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMMOND presented a memorial of
officers of insurance companies and others, citi-
zens of Charleston, South Carolina, remonstra-
ting against the repeal of the law establishing tho
Li«rht-House Board; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented resolutions of the Chamber
of Commerce of Charleston, South Carolina,
against the repeal of the law establishing the
Light-House Board; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
William Wheelwright, praying that measures
may be taken for the establishment of a direct
communication with the South American States
by mail steamers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr.T-IAMLIN piesented the memorial of John
Ewen, president of the Pennsylvania Coal Com-
pany, praying for certain amendments to the act
of 1793, for enrolling and licensing ships or ves-
sels to be employed in the coasting trade and fish-
