514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 10,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Increase of the Navy—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
There is one more unfortunate, whom I have
not named, except to list him in the number of the
dead. But for him, perhaps my attention had
never been called to this awful tragedy. He is
Doctor Henry L. Evans, a native of my State and
district. Three of his brothers are amongst the
most estimable of my constituents; and their fra-
ternal devotion to him, thank God, has not per-
mitted one of the most direful tragedies, by which
our countrymen have been murdered and our
country disgraced, to fade, as yet, from the mem-
ories of men. They alone have attempted to call
the attention of the executive department of the
Government to the enormities under which their
brother fell; and it is melancholy to have to ac-
knowledge upon what cold ears their murmurs have
fallen. Doctor Evans's story is briefly told. Be-
fore crossing the line which separated the United
States from Sonora, he took Mr. Crabb aside,
and, pointing to the flag of his country floating
over Fort Yuma, said to him: " General Crabb,
before I leave the protection of that flag, I wish
to know where I am going, and what I am going
to do;" to which the General replied: " If you
do not know by this time, I cannot enlighten you
anymore." "This," replied the Doctor, "is
too vague; I must have something more clearand
explicit, Generator I must leave you." " If you
leave, Doctor," replied General Crabb, " you had
better do so now; for if you leave after crossing the
Colorado, you will be considered a deserter, and
looked after accordingly." The Doctor imme-
diately left, and henceforth was in no way identi-
fied or associated with Colonel Crabb or his en-
terprise, whether it was good or whether it was
evil. He proceed alone to Altar. There he was
taken prisoner on suspicion, because he was an
American. He was released on parole. So soon
as Colonel Crabb and his men were shot, he was
rearrested, and, without trial, murdered by the
authorities in cold blood. This was the last act
in this drama of blood. The recital of these out-
rages—wholesale murders of our people and in-
vasions of our soil—is enough to make the blood
rush freezing to the heart.
But should it not rather mantle the check of
every American citizen with profound mortifica-
tion and shame that they have been suffered and
endured without the first step being taken by our
Government to prevent or redress them ? In one
of the letters of iny friend, Colonel W. J. Evans,
a brother of the doctor, to Secretary Cass, dated
December 11, 1867, with the modesty of true
merit almost abashed when venturing to address
the quasi royalty of an American Minister, he
observes:
" I had hoped to sec some allusion to this subject in the
President's anmi.tj message ; but lie lias said nothing about
it. Will you be kind enough, if not incompatible with the
duties ofyourollieial position, to tell me whether the mat-
ter will be laid before Congress - I know of no course winch
I could pursue upon tlie subject except through our Gov-
ernment."
Deluded man! how " could you have hoped to
see some allusion" to the murder of ninety-four
of your countrymen in cold blood, without trial,
and without offense, by a foreign nation, in the
President's annual message, when that distin-
guished functionary was at that time so much en-
gaged in seeing how well he could suppress the
wiil of the people at home, in Kansas ? The voice
of the dead crying for vengeance was not heard
or heeded by him then, in his efforts to stifle the
voice of the living crying for freedom, and de-
manding the right to form their domestic institu-
tions in their own way. True, his attention had
been called to these assassinations as early as
May or June previous, by the masterly note of
our Minister, Mr. John Forsyth, and by Colonel
W. F. Evans, on the 28th of August; and true,
that the newspaper press, from one end of the
Republic to the other, was teeming with expres-
sions of burning indignation and shame on ac-
count of these enormities; but no matter, the Pres-
ident was otherwise engaged, and could give it
no place m his message, because he gave it, I sup-
pose, but little in his thought. Oil the 27th No-
vember, 1857, Mr. L. W. Evans, of De Soto
county, Mississippi, a brother of the unfortunate
Dr. H.L. Evans, struggling with his sorrow, and
a just sense that it became his Government to do
something in regard to his murder, " with reluct-
ance," as he says, addressed a letter to the Pres-
ident himself, in which he said:
"My object in writing to you is, to know if our Govern-
ment will take notice of this transaction, or shall his brother,
and other relatives, as private citizens of the United States,
make an eff'ort to obtain satisfaction from the citizens of
Mexico who were engaged in the murder of Dr. Evans
The President did not deem it necessary to an-
swer this letter, written to him personally, and
narrating, with modest dignity, the sad story of
his brother's murder. I should have been glad
to have seen an American President sufficiently
touched with human sympathy, and by abrother's
sorrow, and less enveloped in robes of official dig-
nity and power of presidential etiquette, to have
answered this letter with his own hand. Not so,
however. It was passed over, officially and form-
ally, to the Secretary of State, and answered
some time thereafter by him; and for all that the
President has done, " his brother, and other rel-
atives, as private citizens of the United States,
must make an effort to obtain satisfaction from
the citizens of Mexico who were engaged in the
murder of Dr. Evans."
Nor are these murders and assassinations all
that our imbecile Administration is tamely and
sleepily submitting to in Sonora. At this day,
and ever since the murder of Crabb and his men,
they have had an American citizen, J. M. Ainsa,
incarcerated in their jails and dungeons. For a
while they had also imprisoned a brother of his,
Jesus Ainsa, and Rasey Beven, whose only sup-
posed offense was their knowledge of the invita-
tions under which Colonel Crabb had emigrated
to Sonora, and the damning perfidy with which
he had been received. The impnsonment of J.
M. Ainsa has been so heartless, unjustified, and
protracted, and the conduct of our General Gov-
ernment so callous in regard to it, that the State
of California has thought, it necessary to make it
the subject of special resolution, which I here ap-
pend:
" Whereas, J. M. Ainsa, an American citizen, pursuing
a peaceful occupation on American soil, was, on' the night
of lilt* 10th or 11th of Apul, 1807,arrested liy an aimed band
of Mexicans, at the store of Alcssrs Helknap & Dunbar, in
the Gadsden Purchase, and conducted thence, a prisoner in
chains, to Hermosiho, and thence to the poitof Gujamas,
in Sonora, wheie he lias since been detained a captive ; and
whereas, it is the duty of the American Government, at all
times, and under all circumstances, to protect the iives and
property of its citizens. Theiefoie,
" Resolved, That the Governor of California be instructed,
and he is heieby authorized, to communicate with the Pres-
ident of the United States, setting forth these facts, ,uid
such other testimony as may be furnished him m the piem-
ises, and requesting that officer to use the power of the
General Government, so far as he is enabled, to effect the
release of the said Ainsa, and his lestorution to all the rights
and immunities of which he was possessed before said ar-
rest and imprisonment.
" Resolved, That the Governor be lequested to forward
copies of these resolutions to the President of the United
States and each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress."
In addition to all these,Evans was robbed; Crabb
and his men were all stripped and robbed; even
the gold used in dental operations in their mouths
was taken; andDunbar's store,on American soil,
" was broken open, and everything of value taken
therefrom; books, papers, &c., scattered in con-
fusion." It was at this placet lie four sick men
were shot. Dunbar, in a few words, tells their
fate. He was from home at the time, but says:
" From the traces on the bank, the feeble men
appeared to have slid and rolled down the bank,
and all scattered to different points, and thus shot.
Thus their bodies lay with gun-shot wounds.
Some Papaso Indians soon came up and burned
their bodies near the well." Notwithstanding ail
these mighty appeals, by cruel mutder, robbery
and imprisonment; by tender affection, and by
State intervention, President Buchanan remains
quiet, unconcerned and inactive. He is very in-
dustriously engaged, it is said, (and truly, 1 be-
lieve,) m punishing his friends who opposed his
Kansas policy, commonly called "the Lecompton
swindle;" but he has no time to take the first
step towards jmnvJAn^ the enemies of his coun-
try, who have perpetrated these damning enormi-
ties. Why, sit', will you believe me, that not-
withstanding our Minister in Mexico, immediate-
ly on their occurrence in April, 1837, had fully in-
formed our Government of the facts in these cases,
and then asked its instructions, he had again, on
the 20th of September, to beg instructions which
up to that time had not been given him ? And
so far as appears from the papers communicated
to'Congress under my call for official information
and correspondence in relation to the execution of
Colonel Crabb and his associates, and which pur-
port to be all the correspondence on the subject,no
instructions have been given to him since upon
the subject.
In his dispatch of the 20th of September, our
gallant minister uses this just and strong lan-
guage:
'' 1 implore the Government, for the honor of the Ameri-
can name, and for the sake of an outraged humanity, which
cries for justice in American accents, from so many dun-
geons on the Pacific coast, not to let pass these two ripe oc-
casions to dissipate the dishonoring and fatal belief which
has strong hold in all that region, lhat the United States
lack either the will or the power to protect her children and
their flag abroad."
This appeal, one would have hoped, ahould
have aroused the American President from his
palsied lethargy. But this was not enough. Anx-
lousfriends of the murdered looked in vain "to see
some allusion to this subject in the President's
annual message;" but he has said nothing about
it.
Thus have I briefly given the miserable fate
which befell Colonel Crabb and his men, and our
Government's as miserable apathy concerning
them. One word concerning him and the object
of his mission to Sonora. He was a man of no
ordinary merit. Bold, chivalrous, talented, and
true, he had the genius to conceive and the cour-
age to undertake the most romantic enterpiises.
He hud held high offices in California, and was
esteemed and loved as widely as he was known.
Efforts have been made to produce the impression
that his enterprise to Sonora was an enterprise
of fillibusterism, with a view to overturn its Gov-
ernment and take possession of its territory. And
I will do the people—not her officers or leaders—
the justice to say that they no doubt believed this.
Yet 1 take it. on myself, from all the evidences
before me, to declare, that such a purpose or in-
tent is totally without proof, and, in every objec-
tionable sense, totally without foundation. That
Colonel Crabb, being the man I have described,
may have entertained ulterior hopes in regard to
Sonora, I will neither undertake to affirm or deny,
leaving them to the conjectures which so naturally
suggest themselves, that he anticipated to advance
both his pecuniary and political fortunes in that
province. But the fact is that he was invited to
Sonora by some of its most influential citizens,
with many of whom he was related by marriage.
" That he entered its limits," according to his
open, published declaration,promulgated and pro-
claimed at the time, " with one hundred followers,
conformably to the colonization laws of Mexico,
and with the intention of finding most happy
firesides with and among her people. That he
came with the intention of offending no ooe, and
without public or private intrigue." And to this
Government of ours there is not one solitary word
or fact to contradict this manly and open declara-
tion. His conduct after entering Sonoia was con-
sistent with his declarations. He had arms, as
all Americans have arms when emigrating to new
homes, and passing, as they had to do, through
Indian tribes. They never used them in any of-
fensive demonstration. They preserved no mili-
tary discipline or order; and I have the authority
of the warden of Sonoyta Rafael Valasioforsaying
" they anived very scatteringly," and that their
arms were all fired olf on the road; and of the
boy Evans, who says, when they were attacked
at Caborca, ** they were quietly pursuing their
way on the road between wheat fields, and being
in no kind of military array, and riding in care-
less order, without scouts in advance," &c. As
to the four men killed at Dunbar's, the blacksmith
and Dr. Evans, this pretext of filhbusterism can-
not be raised, and is not pretended.
Prom all these facts, it results that the consti-
! tuted authorities of Sonora, regardless of the
i lowest dictates of humanity, prompted by no per-
! sonal or political necessity resulting from the pres-
! encc of immediate or imminent danger, violative
j of every principle of good neighborhood and hos-
| pitality, have basely and cowardly murdered
I mnoty-four peaceful American citizens, pursuing
jj m their midst the quiet paths of industry, or com-
li mg amongst them 14 with the intention of finding
