516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Western Advancement, etc.—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
elsewhere* Her new States, made up of men of
simple habits, without artificial wants: these are
the blossoms and fruits of our secular majesty
and magnificent strength." I am opposed to all
these extravagant expenditures for the benefit of
one section and of this metropolis. Let our appro-
priations take a wider scope and a more useful
object.
But is it said that the officers of the Government
are here; and that they are chosen equally from
all parts of the Union? That will not do. Ohio has
only fifty-three Federal employes in the Depart-
ments here. They receive, in all, $76,300. Ohio is
entitled, by her relative strength, to one hundred
and five employes, whose salaries would amount
to $112,472 01. The District of Columbia is
entitled to five in proportion to her population;
bat has three hundred and eighty-two employes,
with salaries amounting to $425,613. Maryland
has eighty-three; is entitled only to thirty; re-
ceives $118,780 in salaries; and is proportionately
entitled to but $42,598 96. Virginia is entitled
to sixty-five employes, with salaries amounting
to $79,873 05; but there arc one hundred and sev-
enteen of her patriotic sons who consent to serve
their country here, at salaries of §166,880 1 These
facts are beginning to attract attention. They
show the monopoly which is sought to be exer-
cised over the Federal honors, offices, and emol-
uments, by those States and sections which pay
less tax, and add less to the producing strength
of the land. There is a power arising in the West
which will one day—not far ahead, either—after
the next census, in I860, perhaps—correct these
evils, while it looks after its own interests, so
shamelessly neglected.
A few admonitory facts in this connection may
not be amiss. The present rate of increase of
the population of western States, particularly of
the northwestern, indicates that by 1863, when
the new congiessional apportionment will be in
operation, there will be on tluw floor, representing
what may be called western interests, one hun-
dred and twenty-five members out of two hundred
and forty-one, if such should he the number of
the House. Whatever the number, those States
which have a common interest in western agri-
culture and commerce will have a preponderance.
The Northwest alone will outnumber New York
and New England. Where it now has fifty-tin ee,
itwill have, under the nextcenaus, eighty—nearly
one third of the whole number of Representatives.
This will command a controlling influence. It
will be sufficient to stop the suicidal cry of North
and South. Itwill effectually estop this exclu-
sive Atlantic predominance. Let the West repose
in its might. It can afford to wait. The lintM of
empire are on the face of the cradled Hercules.
Thirty-eight years ago General Cass visited a
village of ten or twelve houses, containing sixty
people, by means of a bark canoe, by way of the
Wisconsin river and Green bay. That village
of 1820 is the Chicago of 1853, wiih one hundred
and fifty thousand people. It is the terminus of
more railroads than any other oily of the Union,
and has become the great gram depot of the world !
This marvelous increase of one city is but the
little forefinger, as it were, pointing out to the
greater West; of a greater future than has yet
been dreamed, when there shall be opened up to
emigration and production the great plains of
America, which lie between the meridian line
which terminates the States of Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, Missouri, and Iowa, on the west, and the
Rocky Mountains, out of which twenty-four new
States will arise,— with the same abundance of re-
sources which marks the States of the Mississippi
valley!
These great interests will be cared for in time.
But it would be well enough to look the future m
the face, when justice is demanded of the Federal
Government, and demanded only to be denied !
Again, I protest against gentlemen of the op-
posite party, who steadily vote these expenses for
the sea-board and Washington city, placing all
the responsibility for them on the Democratic side
of the House. On every division on this light-
house bill, most of those voting for it are of the
other side. Let them take the responsibility, or,
at least, share it. I will not shrink from my
proper share. But so long as gentlemen meet our
demands for western improvements with the an-
swer of a slim Treasury, I want the same argu-
ment retorted on them when they come with their
demands. I have voted against nearly all the large
appropriations in committee, because I wanted to
see the expenditures equalized, by giving equal
shares where the interests were equal; and be-
cause I wanted to cut down expenses to the
condition of the decreased importations and rev-
enue.
I have shown that the demands of the West
are imperative and just. I now wish to answer
that demagogical clap-trap just now in vogue as
to the condition of the Treasury. The opponents
of the Democratic party are industriously active
in creating the impression that the depression in
the Treasury has a political cause. They attrib-
ute it, by innuendo, if not by expression, to the
head of the Treasury, or of the Government, or
to some official mismanagement somewhere, which
they do not localize. It has no political cause.
It has an economical cause. That cause is found
in the financial revulsion of the past year. It
is not necessary for my object now to enumerate
the various causes which produced that revulsion.
It may be found in the inherent badness of our
paper-money system. It maybe traced to specu-
lation and extravagance; to excessive credits and
ruinous railroad investments. It may have its
origin in the exaggerated values affixed to prop-
erty. It may be attributed to the vast increase of
our foreign imports. All these causes are inter-
dependent, more or less. They doubtless all had
something to do with the revulsion. It is enough
for my purpose to know that what so disastrously
affected our trade proportionately affected our rev-
enue. From one little fact learn all. The Jour-
nal of Commerce informs us that, at the port of
Now York, the total foreign imports for the month
of May, 1858, were $7,250,552 less than for May,
1857, and $6,956,40!) less than for May, 1856.
Our imports at New York city, for the first five
months of this year, are only $51,668,199; while
for the first five months of last year they were
$105,590,301. New York city is a criterion for
the Union. Two thirds of all imports come in
there. At that port, in five months, we have a fall-
ing off of imports amounting to $54,000,000. We
are authorized to calculate, therefore, a decrease
in our imports, for the past five months, for the
whole country, of between seventy-five and eighty
million dollars. It will, if continued, amount to
$120,000,000 at the end of the year. This im-
portation is the source of Federal taxation. From
it we derive our revenue. Of course, the decrease
of the revenue is proportionate. The revenue at
New York, in May, 1858, is $1,748,227; while in
May, 1856, it was'$3,457,153. So that, while our
Treasury is falling off in revenue, and our ex-
penditures are kept up to the full standard of
1856-57—inaugurated by Republican prodigality
—there is a necessary consequence that we should
do one of three things:
1. Either modify the tariff so as to increase the
revenue, and thus tax the people on articles of
consumption now; or
2. Cut down the expenses to suit the revenue; I
or
3. Borrow money for the present to meet the
deficiency.
The Democrats of the present Congress are
averse to taxing the people just now, by modify- |
ing the tariff. It is not a time when they can bear 1
such an increase. Mr. Cobb, in his report of the i
19th of May, in asking for a loan to carry on the !
Government, says very truly: j
" 1 do not n-commend any rrieasuie for mcieafed taxa- j
tion. It would be unwise at this time to attempt a modiii- I
cation of the tauft act ol Match 3, tor the leasons ,
given in my annual report to Congress. Sufficient time has j
not elapsed to test the effects ot that act upon the levenue, !
considering the condition of the country during the peuod ,
of its operation. In addition to this considctatton, neither i
the receipts nor the expenditures of the Government should |
be estimated for in the future, upon tlic basn ofits present I
receipts and expenditures The fonnerhavc been, and
ase, too penousJv affected by the late revulsion to justify a
policy of legislation based upon a ptobable continuance of
this state of tilings for any considerable peuod of time."
As to the second alternative, a decrease of our
expenses. That is always in order. It will be
hard to err in that direction. Yet when Demo-
crats are called on to vote to pay the obligations
of the last Republican Congress, presided over
by Speaker Banks, it is mean and dastardly to
cipher them up as chargeable on the present Dem-
ocratic House or Democratic Administration.
Congress is responsible for these appropriations;
not the Executive. The deficiency bill for print-
ing alone, ordered by the last Congress, already
passed, is $341,188. It is estimated that some
three hundred thousand dollars more will be ne-
cessary. The present Congress has not ordered
one halfof the printing ordered by the last House.
It is not probable, that, with all our Utah ex-
penses, made necessary by the resistance to our
authority there, that our expenses this year will
overrun the expenses of last year, which were
$65,032,559 76, after bringing over to the account
of 1858 the balance in the Treasury at the end of
the fiscal year of 1857. The analysis of these
expenses is not now my object. That has been
done by the able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] whose argument convicts my col-
league [Mr. Sherman] of blunders, running up
as high as forty millions ! I wish simply to call
attention to the fact, that the record will show
that the great burden of the dispensable expenses
of the last and this year, is chargeable to the
Republican side of the House. Well might the
Tribune call my colleague's speech partisan.
Well might my colleague, when driven close to
the wall, beg the able Virginian economist to press
the subject home to the Republican side of the
House; displaying, by his reluctant candor, the
truth which his speech did not convey, that the
Opposition were sadly in need of a better practice
and a purer principle in economy.
We have oeen compelled to meet the expenses
incurred by the orders of the last Congress, per-
haps the most vicious Congress ever assembled
in America. We are not, therefore, chargeable
with them. While I will not withhold my vote
for any nccessary expenses, yet, wherever I can,
I will dispense with all except those demanded
by actual urgency; hence I shall vote against
light-house bills like this, which require large ex-
pense and new buildings; hence, I vote against
these Washington city gouges; for, if we are to
be refused expenditure in the West on the ground
of economy, now, why not apply the knife just
here, in this very Hall! Let us begin it on our-
selves. I think a great reform could be had, to
the amount of five millions per year, in the frank-
ing privilege alone. I would vote to cut it off,
provided it were done now. I dislike the mode
proposed, of cutting it off a year hence, for the
benefit of new members, and when there may not
be such pressing need. Five millions, 1 say, would
thus be saved; first, in the transportation of
franked matter; and next, in cutting down the
printing of books, which is encouraged by the
frank.
It is a common practice, in discussions of this
character, to show the expenses of our Govern-
ment when we were young, and, by contrast with
the present, to decry the present lack of economy.
One of my colleagues, [IVIr. Sherman,] in an able
speech this session, after giving table after table
of figures showing our expenses in the past, and
comparing them with the present, did not give suf-
ficient heed, in my humble judgment, to the great
increase in all the departments of industry, and in
all the resources of our fast-growing common-
wealths. Here is a sample of this sort of fallacy,
taken from his speech:
"The expanses of this year, the first under Mr. Buch-
anan's administration, will be $5,000,000 more than the
entire expenses of the Government horn its foundation to
the close of JelTerson's administration. The aggregate ex-
pfMxo^ forthe first twenty years of our Government were
£78.^63,762 ; and T have already shown that, this year, the
expenses exceed $83,000,000."
Such statements prejudice, without convincing.
There is no comparison to be drawn between such
a remote era as the first twenty years of our Gov-
ernment and the present time. Since then we
have had steam, steamships, steamboats, steam
sea vessels of war, steam sea mail service. We
have added since then to our area five-fold. We
have more than doubled the States, and we have
now six Territories. Within a half century what
have we done? Moved the Indians west and fur-
ther west ot the Mississippi. We have given them
missionaries and whisky, money and schools;
and our Interior Department are trying to civil-
ize all the War Department do not murder. We
have made our land the principal cotton and the
