468
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
gentleman to the 134th rule, which makes the j
rules of the House apply to a Committee of the |
Whole, as far as they are applicable. j
The 134th rule was read, as follows: j
" 134. The rules of proceedings in the House shall be ob- i
served in a Committee of the Whole House, so tar as they '
may be applicable, except the rale limiting the times of ;
' speaking—but no member shall speak twice to any question, \
until every member choosing to speak, shall have spofeen." j
Mr. HARRIS^of Illinois. Now, Mr. Chair- j
man, I submit that by the uniform practice of the I
House in committee, the construction of that rule
has been to allow the widest latitude of debate in
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I am entitled to the floor, if the question is debat-
able. If it is not, then I yield the floor and call
for the question.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. I cannot allow
the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] to go without a word of reply. He says
it has been the uniform practice of the House to
allow the widest latitude of debate in committee.
Now, sir, I have never Known the point to be
made, and the position taken by the gentleman
from Illinois to be sustained. The speeches upon
subjects other than that before the committee,
have been gotten in usually by saying that some-
how or other the subject-matter of debate was
connected with the appropriation bill under con-
sideration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
will allow me, I desire to say that mv statement
of the uniform practice of the House did not refer
to the decisions made when the point was raised,
but to the fact that in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred it has been, by unanimous consent, so
construed; and it has been considered almost a
matterof discourtesy, when a gentleman had pre-
viously obtained the floor with the understanding
that he was not to speak upon the question before
the committee, to attempt to cut him off by a
question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I am entitled to the floor
until it shall have been decided whether this ques-
tion is debatable or not. But 1 want to say to the
gentleman from Illinois that it was not from any
want of courtesy to his colleague, upon my part;
certainly not. But, sir, I desire that the merits
of this deficiency bill shall be discussed. I believe
it is wrong, and should not be passed in its pres-
ent shape. There are gentlemen here who desire
to disiuss that bill, who have not been able to ob-
tain the floor. The result will be that the debate
will be closed, and we shall be called upon to vote
on this important bill without its having been dis-
cussed, and without understanding it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I would suggest to
the gentleman, then, that he withdraw his question
of order upon the gentleman fiom Illinois, who
obtained the floor with the understanding thathe
was to speak upon another subject, and give no-
tice thathe will make the point upon the next
gentleman who obtains the floor, and then who-
ever obtains the floor will take it with that under-
standing.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, then I will with-
draw my objection so far as the gentleman from
Illinois is concerned, and give notice that I shall
insist on the rule being enforced in future. I
withdraw my appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Ah.ZOLLfCOFFER. I renew the appeal. I
want the question decided.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers on the appeal.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his appeal so far
as the gentleman from Illinois is concerned. The
gentleman yesterday obtained the floor with the
understanding that "the same couitesy was to be
extended to him that has been extended to other
gentlemen in committee. I protest against apply-
ing a new rule to him under these circumstances.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. 1 will withdraw my
appeal for the present.
KANSAS AFFAIRS,
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I have no desire to
make a speech upon this floor for home consump-
tion. I have no wish to make any remarks here for
the people of my district. They know very well
the piv:5uion which I oc.apy upon the question
to winch 1 shuH direct uiy ivmai k*. Sliii, sit, i
was unwilling to sit a silent observer of the
course of action upon the part of this House, lest
some individual not so well acquainted with that
position might mistake my silence. I have not
supposed for a moment that I should be able, by
any argument I may make, to change the opinions
of any member on this floor. Still, sir, 1 regard
this Kansas question as one of vital importance
to the country, and one which is intimately con-
nected with the welfare of the country and the
perpetuity of our institutions.
I have heard much said by southern gentlemen
and by northern gentlemen, the one class known
as fire eaters, and the other known as Abolition-
ists or Black Republicans. Sir, I regard them
both with the same esteem. I regard one as "no
better than the other. In other words, I regard
such parties, whether at the North or South,
wherever they are to be found, who advocate the
dissolution of this Union, with the same con-
tempt. We have no disunionists in that part of
the country from whence I hail. I wish to say
to this House, that we have no Lovejoys there;
no man who loves to steal a negro, or who will
feel joy that he has escaped from his rightful
owner. We stand by the Constitution and by all
the provisions of law which govern us as a nation.
We have no private construction to place upon
the laws. I regard them as the great bond of
brotherhood, and the rule which should govern
every man as a citizen of the Republic in his ac-
tion.
Sir, when I heard the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] the other day talk of visiting
the North with fire and sword, I looked round to
see where the blow would fall. Sir, I presume
the North and South of this Republic are made
of very much the same material, and that if you
were to change the positions of the two sectional
parties—if you were to take the Abolitionists
South and bring the fire-eaters North, I have no
doubt that the fire-eaters would make northern
Abolitionists, and the Abolitionists would become
southern fire-eaters. As I have already remarked,
I regard them both with the same esteem, and
must say that I have not found it in my heart to
fall in love with either of these parties.
But, sir, 1 will not attempt to fortify the posi-
tion I have taken in regard to Kansas and the
Lecompton constitution. That has been done by
abler minds than mine. That has been done upon
this floor by sonic of the ablest men that grace this
Hall. It no longer stands as a problem requiring
solution. It has become an axiom. I undertake
to say that the people of Kansas have not had a
fair opportunity of in dot sing oi 1 ejecting that con-
stitution. In other words, no fair opportunity
has been given them to make th«ur voice heard
in making the law under which, by that consti-
tution, they are called upon to live.
Sir,Governor Walker leli.s us that in that Ter-
ritory there are about thirty-fourcounties entitled
to vote under the territorial law. Fifteen coun-
ties were never assessed—no registry was ever
taken; and that m nineteen counties the people
had no opportunity to vote. Consequently, fif-
teen out of the thirty-four counties of that Ter-
ritory never had an opportunity to cast a single
vote for or against the delegates to that conven-
tion.
Then, sir, it is a well known, and, I believe,
indisputable fact, that the individuals who were
delegates to frame that constitution pledged them-
selves upon the stamp, before the people of the
Territory, that that constitution, when made,
should be submitted to a vote of the people. Sir,
that has not been done. In that they have played
false. In that, sir, they have proved themselves
unwoithy to icpresent the people of Kansas, or
vthe people of any other Territory, in a constitu-
tional convention. I ask, and those with whom
I act only ask, that truth shall prevail, and that
justice shall be done. We care not—I think I
can speak for those with whom I act as well as
for myself—whether Kansas be a free or a slave
State; but we insist that the people shall decide
that matter for themselves. That, sir, is the voice
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Who will under-
take to say that we shall vote for the Lecompton
constitution—a constitution which has not been
made by the people—a constitution which they
have had no opportunity to indorse? Never.
Where, sir, is the man so mean that he would
^li:>iuif for a moment, be he Republican or fire-
j eater ? Where is the man in this Republic, North
j or South, who would submit for a moment to live
i under a law forced upon him, as this ■constitution
j is attempted to be forced upon the people of that
| Territory? The men who have gone to that Ter-
ritory-have gone there with the same natural and
political rights, and the^same intelligence they
possessed here. And never, sir, wili 1 indorse-
any constitution which shall not be submitted to
a fair vote of the people of thatTerritoiy.
Mr. Chairman, have these people had an op-
portunity, in the language of the Kansas bill, to
form and regulate their own domestic institutions
in their own way? I must beg to differ with the
Executive of this country on this subject, and I
will say it affords me no gratification to do so.
He seems to admit thatas regards other Territo-
ries, which are hereafter to come into the Union
as States, this principle should be applied—that
it should be applied hereafter. Well, sir, here-
after is the next moment. Iam for applying the
principle now,whenever the question shall be sub-
mitted to us.
I feel, Mr. Chairman, that we have strength
upon this floor sufficient to enable us to reject this
constitution. I do not know whether I may be
mistaken or not on this point, but I have indulged
the hope that we have moral strength and numer-
ical strength too, to reject that constitution which
we cannot help believing to be wrong. I repeat
that it is a matter of no difference to me whether
Kansas shall be a free or a slave State. I do not
look upon the institution of slavery with that holy
horror which seems to sit like a nightmare upon
some gentlemen from the North. For myself, I
have no hesitation in saying, of the two million
five hundred thousand or three million of slave
population of the South, that nowhere upon the
face of the globe can be found a like number of
negroes better clothed and fed, and enjoying so
much happiness. I shall pick no quarrel with
the man who has made the discovery that Sambo
and Dinah are his equals—I rather incline to the
belief that he is right—I am willing for all such
men to .select their company. But, sir, we have
no gentlemen in my section entertaining any such
opinions of the negro.
It is idle, sir, for southern men to talk about
the fire and the sword. Itis all idle. The people
North and the people South are not willing to fol-
low any leader who starts upon a crusade against
either. We are a great family of people. There
are spots which have been made holy in our mem-
ories both North and South; made sacred,sir, by
the chivalry and patriotism of our forefathers, of
our common ancestors. And where is the ruth-
less hand that would sever this glonons Union ?
Where is the magnanimous leader who would
start with the sword and the flaming brand against
any portion of ourcommon country? For what?
Because, forsooth, they differ about the negro
question. Ridiculous idea. Let us take care of
ourselves, and in doing so we will also take care
of the negro. I will not attempt to quote Sciip-
ture, as some gentlemen have done upon this
floor, to justify the harboring of runaway slaves
or the right to hold slaves. I have seen both sides
appeal to that sacred book, and I think it hardly
supported either; they had better consult the Con-
stitution and laws under which we live, aiid under
which the fathers and founders of our happy
country lived, exemplifying in their lives a marked
devotion to this Union, and respecting the institu-
tions and laws, which they understood as well as,
if not better than, any of their descendants.
Sir, in the canvass of 185G, this Kansas ques-
tion was fairly before the people. We all know
I with what bitterness the Democratic party was
j attacked throughoutthe Northwest. Weallknow
; how the Abolitionists and the Know-Nothings,
how all the factions and ends of parties joined
against the Democratic party. We know that
we had to contend against all the prejudices cre-
ated by the able speakers in the ranks of the oppo-
sition. In that great war of words, in that hard
fought contest, the Democratic party was sus-
tained.
Sir, the great apostle of American liberty—that
man who is called a "giant/' not, I take it, on
account of his physical size, but because he has
a mind that is gigantic in its proportions—that
man whom we all love, and who stood fearlessly
by the repeal of the Missouri compromise, has ad-
vocated upon every stump in th« North, thaSouth,
