2578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
are in order; they are of a kindred nature, similar
in principle to many other things contained in
the bill; and I cannot recognize any member of
the Senate as friendly to these appropriations who
shall now give his vote against them because they
are sought to be added by way of amendment to
this appropriation bill. Why, sir, our western
lakes and harbors have been most singularly over-
looked.
I observe that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance rises in his place and watches me
while t talk. Well, sir, I am as anxious to have
this vote taken as anybody, but I wish to speak
of the injustice that has been done to the West in
regard to light-houses and 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio will allow the Chair to announce that,
in obedience to the order made yesterday, the hour
of four having arrived, the Senate will now take
a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Stuart)
took the chair, and called the Senate to order.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Alleh, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
bills and joint resolutions; winch thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President:
An act for the relief of Thomas Phenix, jr.;
A resolution for the adjustment of difficulties
with the Republic of Paraguay;
A resolution to correct an error in a certain act
approved May 11, 1858;
An act to provide for the location of certain
confirmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes;
An act to vest the title to certain warrants for
land in George M. Gordon; and
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of Govern-
ment, for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
200) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the
30th June, 1859; the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Chandler, in regard to
the St. Clair Hats.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, at the time the
Senate took a recess, I had said almost all I had
intended to say upon this subject. It has been
so often argued here, that there is no occasion for
any prolonged argument as to the necessity of
the Government undertaking these improvements.
If it were a new question, 1 might think that at
this period of the session it was too late to attach
these measures for internal improvements to an
appropriation bill; but tho argument has been
entirely exhausted upon this subject, as we have
seen. Year after year they have come up, and
the same arguments have been recapitulated, until
I believe they are familiar to everybody. When
the bills containing these same appropriations
were under consideration the other day, Senators
■who agreed in nothing else exeept in voting against
those bills, consumed very nearly two "days of
this session, not in settling the principles upon
which the measures ought to move, but the prin-
ciples upon which they themselves should place
their objections to them. They, were perfectly
agreed that these appropriations were unconsti-
tutional, and they were willing promptly to vote
against them; but it took them two days to settle
between themselves the principles upon which
they should vote against them, and the principles
upon which they were supposed to be unconsti-
tutional. That fact shows that the argument has
been entirely exhausted. There is no occasion
for any more.
Some of the friends of these appropriations seem
to hesitate as to whether this is the proper place
in which to put them. They have no doubt, how-
ever, as to the merits of the amendment. They
could hardly have any doubts as to its merits. In
tho first place, the amounts have been fixed by
the Department which has the matter in charge.
They have been called upon to say what ought
to be done, not for the purpose of continuing and
extending improvements, but merely to do that
which even economy requires for the purpose of
rendering secure those works which we have al-
ready built. That is the extent to which this
amendment proposes to go. We are not launch-
ing into any new system of internal improve-
ments. It is a matter of economy, and he who
is most careful of the expenditures of the public
Treasury, if he would impartially and candidly
consider this matter, in my judgment, would find
that small appropriations, such as is proposed in
this amendment, are necessary to secure the works
and prevent much greater outlays hereafter.
It has been said, however, that the money
appropriated for these internal improvements is
money thrown away. Now, sir, of all the ex-
penditures of the public money that I know of,
none has been so beneficial to the public as that
which has been spent in the improvement of the
lake harbors. What would the western country
be to-day, if the Government had never expended
any money upon that great chain of lakes ? Sup-
pose no artificial improvements had been made
there. Why, sir, it would have been as impossi-
ble to navigate those lakes as it would be to navi-
gate the air. If you suffer them to go to decay,
and you should have a war with Great Britain,
as many gentlemen suppose we are about to have,
you will want harbors for your shipping there.
The British Government, your great antagonist,
is not neglecting her harbors. She will have good
ones, and she will have them perfectly secure on
her side; but it is " economy with us to let ours
run to waste!
Living along the lake shore, I know something
about the necessity for the appropriations now
sought to be added to this bill. I know that your
harbors are in ruins. I know that a small expense
now will save millions hereafter, for every one
acquainted with the action of tho waters of the
lakes knows that when decay commences upon
your harbors, and they begin to succumb to the
storms, they are m danger every day of being en-
tirely swept away; whereas small appropriations
by way of improvements may render them secure
for years. Nothing would be more profitable, in
point of economy, than to grant those improve-
ments, and to grant them now. Are the friends
of this measure at fault because we have not got
it through the Senate and through Congress in a
separate form? We have tried it; we have done
all we could do to get these bills passed by them-
selves—not that I supposed they had not as much
business here, and are not as proper upon this bill
as the other expenditures contemplated by it; I
know they are; I have already said they are on
the same principle; they are on the same subject,
and they are for the same purpose—that is, to im-
prove your navigation.
But I intended to have made a few remarks
about the neglect of the great West by this Gov-
ernment. Notwithstanding the great communi-
cation between the Atlantic coast and the West,
men on that coast do not seem to realize yet the
importance of the West. Why, sir, the com-
merce of these great lakes is scarcely inferior to
that of the Atlantic itself. I have the means of
showing the importance of the lakes, the amount
of their tonnasre, the number of their ships, and
the immense losses that have been consequent
upon the decay of those harbors, from year to
year; but I cannot, at this period of the session,
undertake to set them forth to the Senate as they
ought to be. I say we are overlooked. While
the Department has provided for all your light-
houses along the coast, and made the estimates
necessary to repair and keep them up, I believe,
as near as I can ascertain, they have totally ne-
glected all the light-houses along the entire coast
of our lakes. I know many of them are m a state
of decay. There is one at the mouth of the Ver-
milion river, an important harbor on Lake Erie,
where the piers arc all washed away; and your
light-house is in the lake, inaccessible in time of
storms. At the very time of all others that it
should be lighted up, the light-house keeper can-
not get to it to put up a light there. It has been
entirely overlooked. That is more orlessthe case
with all the harbors upon the whole of the lake
coast.
I am sorry, sir, that the Senator from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Johnson] is not present. He has always
stood by these bills, generously, as a western
man, and has given us his support. They are of
great interest to his constituents as well as to
mine, and yet it seems that he would sacrifice the
substance to the mere form; and because we de-
sire to attach them to an appropriation bill, mer-
itorious as they are, driven into the last stages of •.
the session, as we have been, and this being our
only chance, I understood him to say that he
would feel himself compelled to resist them here
although he would vote for them in another form.
Sir, his constituents will not appreciate the wis-
dom of that argument. When this great injustice
is done to them as to my constituents, they will
never question us as to the form by which the act
was done. The amendment is but an act of jus-
tice; it is justice to that section of the country; it
is in accordance with that beneficent spirit which
demands that the Government should administer
its favors to all parts of the country alike, and the
people will never stop to inquire whether all forms
and proprieties were conformed to or not. Every
man knows, the friends of these appropriations
know full well, that unless they attach them to
this bill, all these harbors will go unprotected
during the season. It is our last, our only chancc;
and theiefore I hope that no friend of these meas-
ures will sacrifice them to the mere shadow of
form. It will cost the Government no more to
place these appropriations upon this bill, than it
would to pass them in separate bills, each by it-
self. It will be no waste to the Government; it
will be the same to the people. It is the same act
of justice, whether it is done in this manner orm
any other, and it will cost no more.
Why, then, should any man withhold his vote
from them because we propose to attach them
to this bill ? In a bill by themselves, you say
you would pass them; and yet the enemies of
these appropriations gave us warning that we
should not be permitted to pass them in that way.
Sir, they will force the friends of these measures
always to attach them to an appropriation bill,
because they have given us warning that the ques-
tion shall not be fairly tried, unless we over-
power them by placing these measures where
they cannot defeat them without defeating some-
thing that they like. I am glad that they Sue pro-
posed to be inserted on this bill. It is the very
place for them. If it is proper that appropria-
tions to a large amount should be made for the
survey of your coast and for your light-house sys-
tem on the Atlantic coast, it is equally proper
that you should provide for repairing the harbors
of the lakes. The subjects are not incongruous;
they are, in principle, the same. Why, sir, no
one thinks it is unconstitutional or wrong to ex-
pend almost any amount of money upon your At-
lantic coast. What was your Japan expedition
for? It coat a large sum of money; it cost more
than we thought it would. What was it for? It
was professedly to open trade with the Empire of
Japanforthe benefit of our commerce. Wecheer-
fully voted for it. I voted for it myself. I be-
lieved that a great nation should foster the great
interests of commerce everywhere, and I am sorry
to see that there seems to be a penurious dispo-
sition when we endeavor to further the same great
objects in the great and growing' West.
Mir. President, I have not undertaken, nor shall
I undertake, to make any formal argument upon
this subject. I know very well, that to do justice
to it, I ought to unfold the evidence in my posses-
sion of the enormous and growing importance of
the commerce of those great lakes; for I really fear,
that in the multiplicity of business, Senators have
overlooked the amount and value of that com-
merce. I apprehend they do not appreciate it.
Perhaps, if I lived at a great distance, this com-
merce springing into existence so recently —
growing up, as it were, by magic—I should not
have been able to ascertain its full importance,
and should never have taken tho pains probably
to have done so. If you will look, however, to
the tables of your Department, to the amount of
revenue, and the amount of tonnage stated there,
and even the amount of losses by the neglect of
Government to improve your rivers and harbors
from year to year, you would not longer doubt
the importance of the commerce of the great lakes.
Why, sir, as I have said before, it is scarcely in-
ferior to your Atlantic commerce, and in a very
few years it will equal, if it does not surpass it.
It cannot be in the contemplation of anybody
totally to abandon the commerce of the lakes to
Great Britain. On her side she has the shrewdness
V
