1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2579
to provide for her harbors; she is doing it every
day. She is making canals round the obstructions
and she is forcing us to use her canals and her
improvements to carry on that commerce which it
would be more honorable for us to carry on through
improvements in our own country. AtalHiazards,
•. she will have her harbors, and every facility for
* navigation; she willhavehercommeree,andhave
it protected, too. if you drive the United States
into a war with her, you will not be slow in find-
ing out the importance of the harbors yg-u have
erected upon the lakes, even for war purposes.
Let those harbors all go to ruin, and then en-
counter Great Britain, with her portion of the lake
shore all prepared, with her lakes and harbors
improved, and what would be the consequence?
You could keep no navy there, and the whole
commerce of the lakes would lie prostrate under
the heel of Great Britain. Some gentlemen act as
if they thought that would be honorable to the
nation, and would bean excellent policy for us to
pursue. Sir, I know that these harbors are not
to be abandoned by the Government; I know they
cannot be abandoned. It is only, then, a question
of mere economy; and in the present state of the
Treasury I do not stand here to urge on you
appropriations for new and doubtful subjects. I
only ask you to vote to preserve that to which
you are already committed. I hope I shall not
ask in vain.
I will not detain the Senate longer upon this
subject. I know very well, if gentlemen are op-
posed to appropriations for internal improve-
ments, that it is exceedingly easy for them to say,
" I -would favor the project if the form was right;
if it was in a bill by itself, I would vote it for you."
I know it is easy to dodge around the question in
that manner where gentlemen are opposed to the
improvements themselves; but, sir, it is no an-
swer to the earnest man who sees and feels and
knows the importance of the improvements that
we propose. He will stand not at all upon form;
but, reaching out to the substance, he will grant
that which does justice wherever he can do it. I
hope the friends of these appiopriations,at least,
•will not be frightened from their support because
we offer them now, and are driven to offer them
as an amendment to this appropriation bill. I
hope it will receive the vote of every friend of the
measures. From those who oppose it on consti-
tutional grounds, of course, I do not expect any
help.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desire to say I
think no one can doubt, from my previous course
in the Senate, that I am in favor of a reasonable
and judicious expenditure for the improvement
of rivers and harbors; at the same time, none can
doubt that that is a question which has long been
debated in this Government, upon which there are
conflicting opinions which every member of the
Senate has a right to consider upon independent
grounds. I cannot consent to vote in favor of this
amendment, however willingly I would support
and advocate a bill independently of the appropri-
ation bill. I cannot consent, for the purpose of
carrying out this policy, to stop the wheels of
Government, or to force gentlemen either to vote
against the ordinary expenditures, the ordinary
appropriations necessary for carrying on the Gov-
ernment, or else vote for a bill to which they are
opposed on principle. I think these measures
ought to he carried or defeated on independent
grounds. I therefore desire, in order that my vote
may not be misunderstood, to make these ob-
servations, and I shall vote against the amend-
ment to the appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the question
of the improvement of the western rivers, and
the harbors upon the lakes, is only a question of
time. Every day increases and demonstrates the
necessity of the policy which is proposed by those
who have offered these amendments to the Senate.
It was a policy that had no friends sixty or sev-
enty years ago wheti the Government began, be-
cause there were then only thirteen States in the
Union, and they were all Atlantic States. Ill the
course of seventy years, however, we have reached
the point when there are seventeen Atlantic
States, and thirteen States located upon the rivers,
and upon thelakes of the West. It Atlantic gen-
tlemen want to know how long they can pursue
this policy of throttling, strangling, crushing the
"West, they can ascertain it by a geometrical pro-
cess, and see how long it will be before the vahey
of the lakes, and the valley of the Mississippi will
give them twenty or twenty-five States to balance
seventeen eastern States.
Sir,Ihavenopatiencewith Atlanticmen, North
or South, who cannot comprehend this simple prin-
ciple that the streams, the fountains of the revenue
of this country, are in the West, and that if they
will have full rivers of revenue in the Atlantic
portion, they must cherish and develop the foun-
tains in the Mississippi valley, and on the lakes.
Perhaps I have seen this policy earlier and more
obvious than other Senators, because I happen to
live in that ravine, in that valley, where the Alle-
ghany mountains stoop for the passage of the
outlet of the lakes through the Gulf of St. Law-
rence to the Atlantic ocean. The State of New
York has been able to conduct the waters of the
Mississippi through that valley to meet in the
Hudson the tides of the Atlanticocean. Railroads,
canals, and lakes carry by my door, at my feet,
I might say, the tribute of the great West to the
commerce of the world, and from that tribute, in-
directly but certainly, comes an unfailing river of
revenue which supports this Federal Government.
Sir, I have no peculiar interest as a western man,
as you well know. I hardly know whether I
belong to the West or to the East. I stand just
at that point where, commercially, the West and
the East mingle together. If any man has inter-
est, has pride in the developments of the Atlantic
States, surely I ought to have it, because it cul-
minates within the State which I represent; but
if any man could be unpardonably blind to the
fact that that interest is derived from free regions
far away toward the setting sun, it would be one i
whoso life has been spent, as mine has been, and |
yours has been spent, sir, [Mr. Stuart in the i
chair,] in binding the great West with the Atlan-
tic States.
The old States, the Atlantic States, may go on
with this policy for a time, but every day that
they deny this justice to the West; every day
that they deny equality to the West, weakens
their power, and builds up the political influence
of the western States. I am amazed to hear in
this Senate, where the thirty-one States are equally
represented, appeals to our magnanimity, appeals j
to our forbearance, not to distract the Senate, not
to delay and embarrass the publ in business by this
amendment. One honorable Senator tells us that
we will add too much, and swell the appropri-
ations of this bill too largely. He says it will
make it amount to $6,000,000 per annum. Sir,
for the harbor of Oswego, in the State of New
York, the second of the grain ports of the world,
you are asked to appropriate the sum of $4G,391.
If you do not appropriate it, your light-house
will be immersed, will he buried in the sands of
the lake before another year. Not only will that
be the case with your light-house, but your piers
which you erected to make a harbor, will be
washed into the channel, and the trade will have
to make its way over or around the obstructions,
resulting from the dilapidation, and decay, and
ruin of the works that you have built there for j
the purpose of opening the harbor in better days. [
What is true of Oswego, is true more or less of J
every other harbor. It is the basis of the prin-
ciple which underlies every appropriation in this
bill that is made for the lakes, and for the im-
provement of the lakes and rivers of the North-
west. Altogether, what do they amount to ?
Where you have spent millions, and have millions
of property invested, it amounts in the wliole ag-
gregate to $585,085, and that §585,000 is just no
more than is indispensably necessary to protect,
to preserve, to maintain the works that the Gov-
ernment has erected at such a vast cost, and for
such a beneficent and so necessary a purpose, ex-
actly in their present state and condition. When
you appropriate and spend the whole $585,000,
you have not improved a single river, or a single
harbor in the United States, but you have merely
put m the way of preservation the haibors and
rivers, just as you left them when you withdrew i
your hands from improving them. _ j
"Why, then, should we, who deem these im- j
provements so important, forbear from offering 1
them as an amendment to this bill ? What is this \
$500,000 compared with the eighty or ninety mil- j
hon dollars which you are spending by these ap- i
propriation bills ? It is insignificant. Why is it !
not as proper or more proper than any other ex- j
penditure which is provided for in this bill ? No I
one of us objects to paying the collectors, the tide
waiters, the appraisers, and the whole army of
Government agents at the sea-ports; no one has
objected to paying the salaries for the adminis-
tration of the Government; no one has objected
to paying the wages of members of Congress; no
one has objected to paying money by the half
million and the million for improving and beauti-
fying the Capitol; and which'one of these is half
as important as the protection of the public works
we have already constructed, and the security of
the lives and property of the seamen, the naviga-
tors, the merchants, the farmers, and producers,
who use these public works on which all our
revenues depend ? Why, then, I again ask,-should
we forbear ?
Senators tell us this is the wrong time and«the
wrong place. That is a good argument, anBys
a reasonable argument, but it must be founded in
a reasonable statement of facts and circumstances.
It implies that there is a right time, that there ia
a right way, and a right place. I appeal to those
who object to our taking this time, this place, and
this way, when they have shown us, or when
they have allowed us to show them a right time,
a right place, and a right way? There has been
no such indulgence allowed us; nor do they pre-
tend that there ever will be, or that there ever
was during this whole session of Congress, a
righter time, a righter place, and a righter way,
if 1 may use the word '• right" as a comparative
word. On the contrary, we have tried every
other, and it has proved to be wrong; every other
time, and it has proved to be incurably wrong;
and wo are left to this the last and the only time
and the only way. What did we do? We offered,
in the first place, year after year, bills covering
these improvements. That was the wrong way;
the subject must be put into one bill covering all
rivers and harbors. No sooner had we done that
than it was altogether wrong to combine so many
distinct objects in one bill, as to appeal to the
interest, the cupidity, the fears, the hopes, and
the expectations of members from many States,
and so the bill must be dissevered. We resolved
it again into the original elements of which the
general bill was composed, and then the separate
bills were more objectionable than ever. We only
reached finally a time when we could get the Sen-
ate to consider them three or four days ago, last
week. We were then within ten days of the end
of the session, and not one friend of any one of
these measures advocated his particular object or
interest, and not one friend of any or all of them
uttered one word in behalf of the policy. We sub-
mitted it to the judgment and the patriotism of the
Senate, and how wasitmet? Opponents started
from every side. Then it was demonstrated, that
although it was right and reasonable and just in
itself thatrivers should be improved,and thathar-
bors should be built and preserved, yet it was not
to be done by the Congress of the United States;
it was to be done by the States, and Congress must
grant to the States leave to levy tonnage duties in
order to make those improvements. When we
stood patiently by, and waited for Senators to
show us how that new system could be rendered
practicable, and to'substitute it by their act, and
commit themselves to a system which would en-
able us to carry out this policy, we were told the
time for debate had passed; other and more im-
portant questions had arisen; and a majority of
the Senate decided that they would hear no more
upon the subject in any shape whatever.
When that had passed, when it became evident
that these bills, separately or collectively, could
not be carried through the Senate for want of
time, then I offered a proposition to extend the
time of the session, so that that consideration
might be allowed which the subject confessedly
demanded; and that proposition has received no
more favor, no more toleration than any other.
So the question resolves itself simply into this:
is there any right time and any right way to fos-
ter, cherish, and protect the commerce of the
lakes and of the western rivers? The answer of
the Senate will be, if this proposition is rejected,
that there is none; and the responsibility will rest
upon those who shall pronounce that decision.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not surprised at the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from New York.
They have a presidential odor about them, of
which, I suppose, the most obtuse olfactory nerve
m the Senate must have been readily sensible.
