1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the East, and the "West, the doctrines which we
advocate here to-day: that the people shall have
the right in all the Territories to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way.
Sir, that man was refused a hearing in his own
State. Thank God! it was not in the southern
portion of the State. It was not in that portion
of Illinois where we have been in the habit of vot-
ing for " Old Hickory*," but it was in that other
portion, where itis said that although death had
slain her thousands, none would have knocked
at the door of the happy abode; the people there
are wrong in this world, and will be wrong in the
other, notwithstanding the large number of their
preachers.
Sir, in their efforts to overturn Democratic prin-
ciples, and to obtain power in this country, the
pulpit has been desecrated—not the Bible; there
is no Bible about it—but the pulpit. These hyp-
ocrites dare to hold the Bible in one hand and
their politics in the other. They have disgraced
the mantles which they have assumed. I have no
words to express my contempt for the man who,
under his sacred garb, quits the service of his
Savior on high, and goes down into the dirty
pool of Abolition politics to sway the destinies of
this country by making war upon the institutions
of the South. A friend near me suggests Sharpc's
rifles. Sir, the doctrine is more deadly than any
rifle. Itisa doctrine which,if carried out, would
sap the very foundations of the Republic. The
safety of this country depends on the triumph of
the Democratic party; it is the conservative party
of this country, and I am grieved to see that that
party is not a unit upon this Kansas question. It
is a question of principle, not of power. As I
said before, it makes mo difference to my constit-
uents whether Kansas be made a free State or a
slave State; but we do say, that the people of
that Territory have the right, and should have
the liberty, of voting upon the constitution, and
making the laws under which they are to live.
That right has never been secured to them; and
it appears from speeches which we have heard
here, that it is the intention of a party in this
House to deprive the people of that great and in-
estimable right.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if the people of Kansas had not an op-
portunity of voting for the election of delegates
to the convention that framed the constitution ?
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. No, sir; I teil the
gentleman they had no such opportunity, and I
refer the gentleman to an authority which I sup- :
pose he will not be prepared to dispute. I read !
from a letter of Governor Walker;
4,On reference to the territorial law under which the
convention was assembled, thirty-four regularly oij amzed
counties wero named as election districts toi delegates to the
convention, hi each and all of these counties it was re-
quired by law that a census bhould be taken and the voteis
reg^tered ; and when tins was completed, that delegates to
the convention should be apportioned accordingly. In nine-
teen of these counties there was no census, and theietoie
there could bo no such apportionment thereof delegates,
based upon such census; and in fifteen of these counties
there was no registry of voters. These fifteen counties, in-
cluding many ot the oldest organized counties of the Terri-
toiy, were entirely disfranchised, and did not give, and by
no fault of then- own, couid not give, a solitary vote for del-
egates to the convention."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me just to make a word of explanation to
the House upon that very point. There weie
nineteen counties, as the gentleman states; but if
he will look into the question he will see that fif-
teen of those counties were attached to organized
counties, and that in the four other counties the
revolutionists of Kansas refused to allow the cen-
sus to be taken or the voters to be enrolled. They j
drove out tjie sheriff and commissioners, and re- j
fused to allow the census to be taken. That is the '
fact. Fifteen of those nineteen counties of which j
the gentleman speaks had no population, or very i
httle, and they were attached to organized coun- i
ties. Jn the four which were not soattached, these j
very Abolitionists, and I will say revolutionists, j
refused to allow the law to be executed; and now j
their friends come here and lay hold of that cir- ;
cumstance as the reason for their tirades against!
law and order! j
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I have quoted the !
statement of the indorsed Governor of the Tern- ;
tory;and as the gentleman makes a question of
voiacity between himself and that Governor, I
will leave it to those two gentlemen, and to the
reputation they may have in this House, to decide
the question as to which is right. I am not here
as a juror to sit upon that question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me remind the
gentleman from Illinois that there is no question
of veracity. The statement which the gentleman
has read is not inconsistent with my explanation.
Mr. GROW. I ask permission of the gentle-
man from Illinois to cor^gpt a misunderstanding.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. No, sir. I am a new
hand at this matter of speaking; I feel very much
out of place, and therefore decline to yield.
I have a word to say now about the Know
Nothing party of the country, which has been lib-
eral in its effort to break down the Democratic
party; butin thateffortit has most signally failed.
I do not know exactly where that party hails
from, or who has the paternity of that distin-
guished order. They appear to be the children
of darkness. They took their positions first, I
believe, in midnight caucuses. But they have
grown into a party—a party who, like the Phar-
isee of old, thank God that they are not like other
men. Well, sir, 1 thank God that we of the Dem-
ocratic party are not like them; so we are even in
compliments.
Sir, I can never indorse the principles of that
party, so long as I remember the names and deeds
of such men as La Payette and De Kalb; never,
while I recollect the name of Shields, a foreigner
who is soon to adorn the Senate of the Republic,
who, in the hour of our country's peril, stood
foremost in her defense; never, while I recollect
that the blood of foreigners has been poured out
liberally upon our battle-fields, North and South.
Upon the plains of Mexico the gallant Shields
pressed forward and laid bare his bosom in defense
of this land; he was a shield for the friends of the
Republic; and shall we now turn round and say
that we are not willing that he and those like him,
shall participate in the Government of this nation ?
The people of the young State from which he hails
have done themselves honor, and shown their
good sense by selecting him as their representa-
tive in the Senate of the United States.
I have heard it whispered, sir, that Government
patronage and power—the power of the throne—
is to be brought to boar to affect the determination
of this Kansas question here. I, sir, have nothing
to fear upon that score. It cannot affect anybody
in my section of the country. Dollars are, to us,
matters of no consequence. With us principles
are everything. Threats, or promises, or bribes,
or hopes of reward, have no influence, I believe,
on the votes that will be cast on this subject from
the great Northwest. New York, Pennsylvania,
and Virginia, have executive patronage equal, I
believe, to that of all the other States. It has been
the misfortune of the western States not to have
been known in the distribution of patronage ill
the city of Washington. They are known, how-
ever, whenever the alarm of war sounds. Then
the chivalry of the West is known and recog-
nized. Then, I take it, the North and theSouth,
the East and West, are all ready to join to defend
the liberties and interests of the country.
But is it fair, I ask , that Kansas should go over,
without a struggle, either to the Republican party
or to the slavery party ? How does either of them
become entitled to it? We acquire territory either
by the common treasure or by the common blood.
It belongs to the North and South. Both sections
supply the great column that drives back the en-
emy; and when the battle is won and the territory
is acquired, is it for the South to say: "Now, my
good fellow of the North, you have fought the
good fight; you have helped us to obtain a terri-
tory that will make two or three States; you have
fought well; your brothers' blood enriches the
soil of this country; go home; we indorse you as
a good soldier; but when we come to fill up .this
territory with happy homes, we claim it for the
South'" And would it not be equally unjust
and ridiculous for the North to say as much to
theSouth' Whatever attacks are made by the
clergy, North or South, on the Supreme Court of
the United States, fall harmless upon that body.
I can add nothing, by words of mine, to the luster
of that body, which stands high above any attack
that may be made upon it, either on this floor or
by the clergy North or South.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois to say that attacks were made
on the Supreme Court by ministers of the Gospel
at the North and at the South. I desire him to
state distinctly where any ministers of the Gospel:
in the southern States have attacked the Supreme.
Court or made political speeches. . .
Mr. SHAW. No, sir; the gentleman has mis-
understood me. I said that if any attacks wete
made on the Supreme Court, by the clergy of tile
North or of the South—not that any had been
made. And I will say that I am not aware that
anysuch attack has been madeinthe South., But
I will tell the gentleman what the South does do.
It attacks the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. It attacks the right of the people of Kansas
to settle their domestic policy for themselves. It
attacks that great principle which lies at the foun-
dation of human rights and popular sovereignty.
It says: '• Let Kansas take position among the
States of the Union, under the Lecompton con-
stitution." In doing so, sir, you perpetrate a
fraud upon the people of that Territory. They
have never indorsed that constitution. It is not
the will of the people. The'y have never signed
the note, and will never pay it.
Now, sir, {here is a Free-Soil party in this coun-
try. I am glad to say that 1 have no sympathy
with it. They are not so much for free-soil as
for a kind of free-nigger soil. They are not sat-
isfied that the soil of the country should be free
to white people, but they want it partitioned also
with the free negroes. And yet they are not in
favor of the free negro coming among themselves;'
all that they want is that there shall be no more
slave States. I shall not join them in that senti-
ment. I soy, in the language of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, let the people decide the question for
themselves. That is the Democratic doctrine.
And whether under it a Territory becomes a free
State or a slave State, I do not care a straw. Our
people are pure Democrats. They have no sen-
timents at war with that assertion Let the peo-
ple decide the question for themselves. Let slave
State after slave State come m, or let free State
after free State come in and join this Confederacy,
as their people may decide. We are satisfied,
and care not whether it be slave or free.
Mr. COMINS obtained the floor, and com-
menced his remarks which follow, but was inter-
rupted by—
Mr. BURNETT, who said: I rise to a question
of order. The point of order which I now make
on the gentleman from Massachusetts is the game
as that which I made on the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Shaw,) that he is not speaking to the-
question under consideration.
Mr. COMINS. The gentleman cannot hav€
ascertained that fact at this early stage of my re-
marks.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; ev^n at this early
stage. But it is very easy to decide it. I appeal
to the gentleman to say if it is his intention to dis-
cuss the subject properly before the committee?
Mr. COMINS. I intend to avail myself of the
privileges that have been granted to others who
have preceded me.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; then I make the
point of order that the gentleman should be con-
fined to the question under discussion.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman raises a point of
order which is against the universal practice of
the House, as we all know.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understood the Chair to
decide that the question is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and decides that it is not debatable.
_ Mr. BURNETT. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; and ask for tellers.
Mr. GROW. Is the appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the appeal is not debatable.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the Chair state to the
committee the subject-matter now before it?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will read the title of the
bill. It is a bill appropriating money to supply
deficiencies for printing 
Mr.GIDDINGS. I aid not ask the gentleman.
I asked the Chair to state to the committee what
is the subject under consideration by this commit-
tee ?
The CHAIRMAN. I will answer. It is the
state of the Union generally, and especially
House bill No. 202.
The Chair overruled the question of order
made by the gentleman from Kentucky. From
that decision the gentleman from Kentucky ap-
