470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
peals. The question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the iudgment of the committee?"
Mr. HUGHES. £ wish to inquire of the Chair
if,, upon a question of this sort, the uniform par-
liamentary usage of a body is not the law ?
Mr. BURNETT. I object to discussion.
,Mr. COMINS. I insist that this discussion
shall not come out of my time.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
sUand as the judgment of the committee?" was
tajcen; and the tellers reported—ayes 105, noes 43.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr- HOUSTON. I again propose a compro-
mise upon this matter.
Mr. BLISS. I object; and insist that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts shall be allowed to
proceed with his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of James Buchanan Henry, the President's Pri-
vate Secretary.]
Mr. COMINS. A little more than a year ago,
in obedience to the requirements of the Consti-
tution, and in conformity to law, the American
people gave their suffrages for a chief Executive
Magistrate of the Union. A powerful minority,
though conscious that the principles upon which
they had battled for power were the principles of
the Constitution, and as the only representatives
of those principles victory should have crowned
their efforts, gracefully yielded to the majesty of
the people. True to their devotion to the Con-
stitution and the Union,they not only yielded to
the expressed will of the majority, but were ready
to give their strength and support to every meas-
ure promotive of the best interest of the country,
not in violation of the principles of constitutional
liberty.
A year has passed away!—what an eventful
one. In the walks of business—what an eventful
oue; so fraught wuli disastei and sadness, blighted
hopes and ruined fortunes! For a brief period of
executive rule—what an eventful one ! for over-
flowing coffers, a bankrupt and beggarly Treas-
ury; for comparative peace in the Territory, civil
war; for the support of long-tried and devoted
friends and statesmen, opposition; for a united
and harmonious Democracy, an exasperated and
rebellious South, and an alienated and indignant
North; for high hopes, broken pledges and vio-
lated honor!
As I quietly but carefully listened to the annual
message of the President of the United States,
when ltwas read by the Clerk of the House, [con-
ceived it to be one of the most extraordinary
papers which ever emanated from the Executive
of the nation: remarkable for its apparent frank-
ness, whilst deception is stamped upon its most
important features; remarkable, too, for the ex-
traordinary propositions which it contains. The
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, though
none the less able, though none the less remark-
able, is as far from being ingenuous.
But it was readily to be seen that, owing to
the financial condition of the country, the condi-
tion of the Territories, the unsettled condition of
foreign affairs, and events which were so rapidly
multiplying themselves, both of these extraordi-
nary documents would be received by the people
and the press with great charity. It was as read-
ily to be seen that documents so much at fault—
at fault in fairness; at fault in facts; at fault m
history; and at fault in democracy too—would
in due time be reviewed and criticised with the
utmost seventy.
Other and abler hands have gorn: info a general
review of the position of the Admiuistiation, ex-
posed its fallacies, its inconsistencies, and its ter-
giversations. Those topics which have so long
and justly been the theme of orators, have been
seized upon eagerly, but naturally, as the basis
of much of the discussion which has thus far
taken place in this House. While 1 will not yield
to any of my associates upon tins iloor in devo-
tion to those great principles of freedom which
form the basis of our republican government, 1
prefer, in the present exigency, to profit by my
fortune in obtaining the floor at this tune to say
a few words upon the financial policy of the Ad-
rainistiation, as laid down in the message of the
President, with reference to its loan or Treasury
note bill, and its recommendation of a radical,
compulsory bankrupt law, applicable to all bank-
ing institutions throughout the United States.
Upon the subject of a proper and well-guarded
bankrupt law for the relief of the people, I shall
not speak at this time. I find nothing upon that
subject in the message of the President. But I
trust a measure of this kind will fje introduced at
an early day, at least for the consideration of this
House.
One of the most extraordinary features of the
message of the President is the wide difference
between that which it recommends for himself,
the Government, the Treasury, and that which
he recommends for the country, the States, the
people. It was at once to be seen, on reading the
message of the President and the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, that the Administra-
tion was severely exercised; the Treasury was
embarrassed. As a business man, I appreciated
the condition of the Treasury,and 1 would not, by
my voice or by my vote, willingly contribute to
its embarrassment.
The President asked for relief; the Secretary
of the Treasury asked for relief. I find no fault
with them for that; it was, in my opinion, the
imperative duty of the Administration to do so.
It was, as I thought, as clearly the duty of Con-
gress to respond to the wants of the Treasury.
And, in accordance with my convictions of duty,
and in accordance with my judgment, I voted, as
the yeas and nays will show, for such relief as
the Administration desired. The measure of re-
lief asked for being a temporary one, I did not so
much care about its form. I could notfail to sus-
tain a measure so absolutely necessary to relieve
the Treasury from its embarrassment and restore
and maintain the integrity of the Government.
Though opposed to the issue of Treasury notes
as a currency, I could not refuse to sustain the
Treasury note bill, as it came from the Senate,
as a measure of expediency. It was, I will ad-
mit, like the financial policy of the Democratic
party, its foreign policy, its interior policy, and
its every other policy—neither one thing nor the
other. It was so near a loan bill that the friends
of a loan in preference to an issue of Treasury
notes might have .supported it; and it was so
near a bank of issue that the honorablegentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] thought he saw
signs of a return to a United States bank in it. It
being of a tempoiary character, I gave it my vote
to lelievc the Treasury. Many were deterred
from supporting the bill because of the inconsist-
ency of ihe President in recommending one thing
for the Government and another thing for the State
banks. Others voted against it on those general
principles respecting currency which they are
known to entertain, and which they have main-
tained for many years; others, who, from their
long devotion to a hard-money policy, have come
to believe that such a system was about to be
adopted. But, Mr. Chairman, these hard-money
Democrats in my section of the country aro the
greatest devotees to the paper money hanks to he
found in the State. They become stockholders,
directors, and presidents, and from some cause
manage to keep out the largest circulation, and
pay the largest dividends. They are worthy cit-
izens and popular men.
Mr. Chairman, if the President, instead of
spending so much time and ink m defaming the
State banks and the moneyed institutions of tho
States, had devoted some time, some space, and
some study, to an honest and faithful investiga-
tion into the real condition of the country and the
Treasury, and the means by which the people
were to be relieved from their present unhappy and
embarrassed condition; and, with the frankness
of a statesman, had adduced some facts, some evi-
dence, and some argument in justification of the
present condition of the Treasury,and made some
recommendation for prospective and permanent
relief, 1 am persuaded there would have been a
unanimous vote fur any measure of relief reason-
able and proper.
But, sir, at the close of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress the Treasury of the United "States was full
to overflowing; it contained $20,000,000. On the
second day of the present session, the President
officially communicates the joyful intelligence
that the fndependentTreasui y had not suspended
payment as it was compelled to do by the failure
of the pet banks in 1837; that the Government
would continue to discharge its liabilities in gold
and silver; that" its disbursements in coin" would
pass into circulation and materially assist in re-
storing a sound currency to the States. But, Mr.
Chairman, on the same day that the Presidentas-
serts with so much emphasis that the independ-
ent Treasury had not failed, the Secretary of the
Treasury as emphatically says it is indispensable
to the public security that authority be given
by law to the Treasury Department to issue
$'20,000,000 in Treasury notes "as a failure of
sufficient means in the Treasury may occur at an
early day." Paradoxical as it may seem, both
of these statements are true. But why not be
open and frank? There certainly was never a time
when sympathy was so copiously bestowed
upon those found to be in failing circumstances,
whether individuals or Governments, especially
when good and sufficient reasons are given.
Mr. Chairman, is the cause which has produced
the present financial crisis in every part of the
country, and thrown the Treasury of the United
States into embarrassment, in any way attribut-
able to any relation that exists, or has existed;
between the Federal Government and the State
banks—the sub-Treasury and the State banks?
Not at all. The President alleges no such cause;
the Secretary of the Treasury alleges no such
cause. Why, then, this warfare on the partof
the Executive of the Federal Government upon
the moneyed institutions of the sovereign States?
The passage of the Independent Treasury bill 
in 1846, was declared by the Democratic party to
be a complete separation of Government from the
State banks—a complete divorce between the Fed-
eral Government and the financial institutions of
the States and the people.
It appears that the sub-Treasury, which was
to be the great balance-wheel—the great regula-
tor—has regulated nothing. It went on very well
just so long as mercantile prosperity and the
prosperity of the country went on. So long as-
prosperity prevailed in all branches of trade and
industry, the sub-Treasury could boast of its mil-
lions. The first cloud of commercial revulsion
caused it to tiemble and fall. Tins gieat regulator,
which vva3 supposed to be infallible, no longer
regulates the currency of the country, because it
can no longer regulate itself. But the Secretary
says the-Treasury is embarrassed; and why ? Let
us turn to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and see what he has to say upon this
subject:
''Oar revenue being derived principally from duties on
imported merchandise entered at ttie custom-houses for
consumption, the amount is noecssaidy dependent not only
upon all those causes which afFect trade nod corntneicc, but
on such as control the inclination and abilitv or'the people
m the pmehase of such merchandise foi conpumpnon.
"Oidinanly an approximation can ho made to the. piob-
aiile rebUlt. provided no unlooked-for cau^e shall inteivene
to disiuib the usual coui^e of tiadf and consumption.
" The events of the present fiscal year furnish a striking
illustration of the uneeitanity of all such estimates from
the operation of unlore^en causes winch exert a control-
ling influence over the revenue liom customs."
Now, sir, this statement of the Secretary is
good, as far as it goes; but it does not cover the
whole ground. The " events" referred to by the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury, arc just as
applicable to the merchants and the business men
of the conn try as they are to the Government But
what does the President recommend for the Gov-
ernment, and what does he recommend for the
people? Why, sir,Government recommends an
issue of $20,000,000 of paper currency for Us own
relief, and a bankrupt law for the State banks.
The President proposes to make it the irrevers-
ible organic law of each bank existence that a
suspension of specic payments, under whatever
circumstances, however temporary, shall produce
its civil death.
I will quote the President's own words:
" Congress, in my opinion, possess the power to pass a
uniform bankrupt law applicable to all banking institutions
throughout the United State-*, and I strongly recommend its
exeiet e. This would make it the iirevers-tble organic law
of each bank's existenee. that a suspension of bpccie pay-
ment shall produce its civil death."
Sir, such sentiments could never have been
penned by one whose sympathies are with the
people. They could never have been dictated by
one who has any sympathy in common with the
business men or the working men of the country,
or who in any way appreciates the difficulties and
disasters which pervade the people. No man
