518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
have great personal regard; yet, as a party, I feel
bound to say it is degenerate, and past redemp-
tion, and has proved itself untrustworthy, incom-
petent, and unfit to direct the destinies of this
great nation.
It disregards its obligations to the country, and
seeks only its gratification and perpetuity at the
expense of the best interests of the country.
Its reckless extravagance and favoritism will
soon run the country under, and saddle the na-
tion with a debt that will require its whole reve-
nue to pay the interest, and leave us to the tender
mercy of the lender for means to support the Gov-
ernment, or draw it in specie, by direct taxation,
from the pockets of the people.
Sir, this party cannot be reformed.
It is too far gone.
It misrules by habit.
It must be rendered powerless by the people,
who are the sufferers, and who have the right and
power to do it.
Sir, I believe it is absolutely necessary for the
integrity of the Constitution and the prosperity
of the country, that the people should take this
matter in hand as a business transaction, and de-
prive this misguided, miscalled Democratic party,
of all political power, and render it incompetent
of further mischief.
Sir, it must be done, or this Government will
sink under the accumulating weight of extrava-
gance, dishonesty, and misrule.
Unless there is a change of men and measures,
this republican Government is in danger of being
ruined, and our glorious Constitution bereft of
its power to fulfill its obligations to secure per-
sonal liberty to all the people.
It has promised the privilege of the writ of ha-
beas corpus, to guard the freedom of every inno-
cent human being in this broad land, without
partiality or distinction, no matter what the age,
the sex, the color, or nativity.
This promise is violated and this privilege
withheld, at the instance and on the authority of
the President, the Federal court, and the party;
and the Constitution is yielding to the force of
their united efforts.
As affairs are now conducted, the Government
is scarce worth having.
It has been said: ** l'hat Government is best
that is best administered."
If, then, that Government is worst that is worst
administered, ours is of all the most miserable.
Sir, the party does not pretend to administer
it for the benefit of the governed, but only to raise
money out of the people to provide for itself, and
is even bankrupt at that. Is it possible that we
have an administration of Government that, in
time of peace, for its ordinary expenses, uses up
$100,000,000 a year, running the country in debt
$50,000,000 a year, with no provision for its pay-
ment, and which, without a radical change of
administration, never will be paid?
The Administration assumed the reins of Gov-
ernment on the 4 th of March, 1B57, with an over-
flowing Treasury. It had more than twenty mil-
lions of surplus cash on hand.
In the autumn of that year, it was buying up
Government paper due some ten years hcnce,
paying a premium of sixteen per cent., and before
Christmas was calling on Congress for permis-
sion to issue twenty millions of paper circulation
to live on through the winter.
And now, sir, the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who knows
whereof he speaks, tells us we must indorse for
this Administration to the amount of $15,000,000,
or, 1 suppose, he thinks there will be an utter in-
ability to meet the demands upon the Treasury
long before another Christmas. Sir, if that is the
condition of things; if the Administration is in
the44 lost channel," and rapidly drifting to a hope-
less fate; and if nothing but a continual increase
of the national debt will prevent repudiation, then,
perhaps, it may as well come first as last. The
sooner the crisis comes the sooner the country
will rally and set things to rights again.
Now, sir, what do you thmk of this state of
things? Was the like ever heard of before? Never,
never! And there is no reasonable hope of any
improvement till after another presidential elec-
tion. There will be a deficit the present year of
fifty or sixty million dollars.
Our revenue from all sources (loans excepted)
will not succeed forty or fifty millions; thus in-
creasing a permanent national debt some fifty-five
million dollars.
The President will retire,.at the close of his
j present term, leaving us incumbered with aGov-
! ernment debt of one hundred and fifty or two hun-
! dred million dollars, all of which, with ordinary
j foresight, skill, and economy, might have been
■ avoided.
I This, sir, might be tolerable, but for the more
! distressing fact that the false maxims of public
! policy inculcated and obstinately adhered to by
' thismodel party by which encouragement and pro-
tection to American labor and home industry have
been ridiculed and discarded, and a policy inau-
gurated that has brought up with a foreign debt on
the business community of this country amount-
ing to $500,000,000.
Yes, sir; a debt to Europe from this country of
$500,000,000; while, at the same time, the great
leading interests of agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures, are almost prostrate, carrying per-
plexity and dismay to the homes and firesides of
the people in all directions, and in all quarters.
Sir, this is a gloomy but truthful picture.
Now, sir, is it saying too much to say that this
abused and misgoverned people must change their
rulers, or do worse ?
Sir, I must go against this bill.
I cannot vote to empower this Administration
to make large and oft-repeated loans at discretion.
The bill, I fear, will pass.
It will be strange if it does not.
It is an Administration measure, and they have
the numbers to pass it; and there is a party pres-
sure to do it.
Like the case of the gambler, who has lost his
money, they borrow to keep up appearances, and
try another chance.
The Administration must have it, or its hungry
cormorants, who fatten on the Treasury, must
starve; and hunger will break through a stone
; wall.
i Sir, if it must be had, let the supporters of the
Administration reach and take it, and with ittake
the responsibility.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. J. CRITTENDEN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Senate, Jtfarch 17, 1858.
[REVISED BY HIMisKI.F*.]
The Senate having under consideration the bill to admit
KniiMts into the Union a  a fckate—
Mr. CRITTENDEN said:
Mr. President: I feel how inadequate 1 am to
add anything to the various arguments that have
been employed on this .subject during the long dis-
cussion through winch we have passed; and yet
I should not perform my duty according to my
views, if I omitted to express my sentiments and
feelings on the subject before the Senate 1 do
; not intend to occupy your time with exordiums,
I sir. The light of the people to govern thtmxtlves is
| the great principle upon which our OovtmmriU and
| our institutions all depend, ft seem* to me that
this great principle is involved m the present sub-
ject.
The President of the United States communi-
cated to us an instrument called the constitution
of the people of the Territory of Kansas, and he
has, with unusual earnestness, advised and recom-
mended to us to admit Kansas under that consti-
tution, as a State into this Union. The question,
as it has presented itself to my mind, involves an
inquiry as to the matters of fact bearing upon this
instrument of writing, and whether these author-
ize us to regard this instrument as the constitu-
tion of the people of Kansas? Is it their consti-
tution ? Does itembody their will ? Does it come
here under such sanctions that we are obliged to
regard it, or ought to regard it, as the permanent,
fundamental law and constitution of this new
State? I do not think it comes with such a sanc-
tion, or ought to be regarded as the constitution
of the people of Kansas. Sir, I shall not occupy
your time long on this point.
* For the original report, see page 11513 L'usig. Globe.
What are the evidences that it is so ? It is made
by a convention, to be sure, called under the
authority of an act of the Legislature of Kansas.
It is made by delegates regulaily elected by this
people, and prima facie it would appear that it had
the sanction of the people of Kansas; but I think
there are evidences of a higher character to show
that it is not so, that it is but in appearance a con-
stitution, and not in reality.
In the first place, the fact is established beyond
all controversy that an overwhelming majority
of the people of Kansas are opposed to this in-
strument as their constitution. The two highest
officers of the Federal Government lately there
under appointment from the President of the
United States, Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton, both assure us of that fact upon their
personal knowledge. That is high evidence to
establish the fact that it is against the will of an
overwhelming majority of the people upon whom
it is to be imposed as a constitution.
That constitution in part was submitted to the
people. I shall not stop now to inquire how it was
submitted, whether fairly or not. A part of it
was submitted, however, and, upon a vote taken
by the people on the clause thus submitted, it
received six thousand votes, and a little more.
These are the sanctions with which it comes to
us. To this extent, it would seem to have the
popular approbation. But, sir, when you come to
look a little further into the investigations which
have takenplace in thatTerritory, it appears that
of those six thousand votes, about three thousand
were fictitious and fraudulent. That is reported
to us by the minority reports of our Committee
on Territories; that is verified to us by the procla-
mation issued by the President of the Council and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives of
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas. These
high officials, who were invited by Mr. Calhoun
to witness the counting of the votes which were
returned to him, certify from their personal
knowledge that more than two thousand of the
three thousand votes which were given at three
precincts in the counties of Johnson and Leav-
enworth were fictitious votes. I only call your
attention to this in order that it may appear truth-
fully who it was that approved of this constitu-
tion.
That vote was taken on the 21st of December.
Before that vote was taken, however, a Legisla-
ture, which was elected in October last, and which
met, on the call of the acting Governor, Mr. Stan-
ton, in December, passed an act postponing that
vote from the 21st of December to the 4th of Jan-
uary. On the 4th of January, under the provis-
ions of that act, a question was taken upon the
constitution itself broadly. It provided that the
question should be taken upon the Lecompton
constitution with slavery, upon the Lecompton
constitution without slavery, and generally upon
the constitution itself. Upon that occasion, over
ten thousand voted against the constitution; and
the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas have
passed resolutions unanimously protesting against
the reception by Congress of this instrument as
the constitution of the State, declaring that it was
obtained by fraud, and that it has not the sanc-
tion or concurrence of any, except a small minor-
ity of the people. This is the substance of their
resolutions.
Now, 1 ask you, sir, upon this evidence, as &
judge, to say whether this is the constitution of
'the people of Kansas or not? whether the evi-
dence before you is, that it is an instrument sig-
nifying their will, and declaring that general and
permanent law upon which they wish their gov-
ernment to be founded? Unless you shut your
eyes to the vote taken on the 4th of January, here
is a direct popular evidence and protest against
the constitution; and, even supposing the whole
of the six thousand votes which were given for it
on the 21st of December to be true and real votes,
fairly expressed, it shows that there were ten
thousand other people in the Territory of Kansas
who are opposed to this instrument, and who have
legitimately declared their opposition Here is
the solemn act of the Legislature of the Territory
: protesting against it. These are recorded evi-
dences. as much so as the constitution itself is a
record, having the same legal sanctions and the
same legal title to our faith and our confidence.
