1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
who has been nurtured amidst the men of busi-
ness, who has walked upon the 'change of the
merchants, or the mechanic whose hopes for
months have alternated between life and death,
whose every hour, whose every bulletin was the
announcement of more and more trouble, of new
jndmdual disaster, and of increasing fear and
alarm, could have put forth such doctrines as
those which are contained in the message of the
President of the United .States.
Sir, I wish to ask any candid man who has ever
had any business experience, what would have
been the result—what would have been the condi-
tion of things, had a bankrupt law, like that which
the President recommends and advocates, been
applied to the banks of Pennsylvania,New York,
Massachusetts,'all New England, the South, the
West, on the day these banks respectively sus-
pended specie payments?
The banks of Massachusetts suspended specie
payments on the morning of the 15th of October;
and in just sixty days they resumed, But there
was no time, during that sixty days, when you
could not obtain specie in reasonable amounts,
either for bills or deposits for domestic use; and
there was no time, during that sixty days, when
there was more than one eighth or one quarter of
one per cent, difference between the value of the
bills of the Massachusetts banks and speci% either
gold or silver. Merchants who received shipments
of specie from abroad found it difficult to realize
any premium at all upon it. And there was no
time, during that brief suspension, when regular
customers of good standing, and whose business
transactions were known to be of a sound and
conservative character, could not get discounts to
a reasonable amount.
Mr. Chairman, this recommendation ofthe Ad-
ministration, if carried out, instead of protecting
the people, or relieving them from the deep dis-
tress which pervades the whole community, would
plunge the whole country into an irretrievable and
inextricable bankruptcy, more disastrous and
more ruinous in its effects than anything yet wit-
nessed or experienced.
It is alleged that the banking business has been
carried to excess. I grant it. So has every other
business; and hence the revulsion. I have read
disquisitions upon banks and banking, and upon
the present financial crisis, by most of the eminent
writers. I have found them fullofinterestand full
of points; but I have found no two to agree in their
conclusions. And the only conclusion I have been
able to come to myself, is that every commercial
revulsion is to a greater or less extent caused by
the indomitable energy of the Amencan people in
doing business enough every seven years to sup-
ply the demands of ten. A proper attention to
the revision of the revenue laws, with a view to
a greater protection of American manufactures,
and American labor, and American interest gen-
erally, is demanded, and will do much, very
much, to restore trade and prosperity, and to pre-
vent future revulsions. But I do not consider a
high protective tariff the only panaceaforallconj^
mercial revulsions.
Mr. Chairman, I contend that the charters of
the State banks should not be annulled for a tem-
porary non-payment of specie under the circum-
stances which surrounded them at the time of the
late suspension. I agree that greater restriction
should be placed upon them; but what these re-
strictions shall be, and to what extent they shall
be applied, is for the people of the States and not I
for Congress to determine. I contend that the !
power to control and regulate the State banks is j
not vested in the Federal Government. These in- j
stitutions are among the domestic institutions of i
the State, and to be managed by the people ofthe '
States in their own way. In this opinion I am sus- I
tained by high authority. A distinguished Sen- '
ator, now, and for a long time, the leader of the
Democratic party, [Mr. Douglas,] in one of the ■
most patriotic speeches of his life—a speech which
has aroused the Democratic party from East to
West, and from North to South, and which is
being responded to by the Democratic masses all
over ihe country who love the Union and mean |
to maintain it, says: j
" We agree that the people shall (Iecidc lor themselves J
what kind of a judiciary system thny wiil have; we agree
that the people shall decide what kind ofasehool system |
f.iiey will establish ; we agtee that the people shall deierm- i
ine for themselves what kind of a batikuisjyy.nem they will '
have, or whether they will have any banks at all." ;
Why, then, should the President so far depart
from the principles of State rights as to commence
this new warfare upon institutions wholly beyond
his control ? Why is it that the public mind has
not spoken more potently than it has through that
great engine of public opinion, the press, upon
■this new attempt of a Democratic President to
bring th£ moneyed institutions of the States under
Executive control and dominion ?
When the deposits of public money were re-
moved from the United States Bank, in 1833, the
aggregate amount of which did not exceed ten
million dollars, the people and the press spoke
out in tones of thunder against that obnoxious
measure; not only because of its effect upon the
finances of the country, but because it was an
assumption of power on the part of the Federal
Executive. Memorials were presented to Con-
gress from all sections of the country. Many of
these memorials were intrusted to Mr. Webster,
and by him laid before the Senate of the United
States, backed by all the power of logic and the
ready and ample resources of learning and elo-
quence for which that eminent statesman was so
distinguished. Among these memorials was one
from the city of Boston, signed by six thousand
eight hundred and forty-one of its citizens, in-
dependent and legal voters. Mr. Webster, in pre-
senting that memorial to the Senate of the United
States, denounced that act of usurpation on the
part ofthe Federal Executive, not only for the de-
rangement which it produced in the finances of
the country, but because (said Mr. Webster) it
assumed, from beginning to end, the character of
a warfaie between the Piesident of the United
States and the government of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States. It mattered not whether the act of
the President was a wise or an unwise act; expe-
dient or inexpedient;it was to be resisted because
it was illegal and unconstitutional.
So it is with the attempt of the present Exec-
utive to apply a bankrupt law to the moneyed
institutions of the States, which a distinguished
Senator and statesman of the present day says
are domestic institutions, and should be governed
and controlled by the States in their own way. If
it were expedient to apply a bankrupt law at all
to the local banks for a suspension of specie pay-
ment, under the circumstances which surrounded
them in October last, (which I will not admit,) I
would resist the enactmentof such a law by Con-
gress, because of its tendencies to a centralization
of power in the hands of the Federal Executive.
Wehearof political oligarchies; but I tell you, sir,
there is not a more dangerous oligarchy than the
powerof wealth; notwealth wide-spread, univer-
sal, but centralized wealth. By our New England
system of banking we have no such power; we
can have no such power. The benefits of our
system are to be seen in the universal prosperity
which is to be found throughout the whole com-
munity, and among all classes of the people—a
prosperity, checked, it is true, at this time, from
the nature of things, and from causes of a general
character affecting the country through its whole
length and breadth.
The people of the States are attached to their
local institutions, prominent among which are
the village banks. The prostration of these in-
stitutions by Federal interference would bo as
disastrous to the town as it would he to the city.
Under these institutions we have advanced to
prosperity and wealth. In Massachusetts, as a
whole, these institutions are free from stain or rc-
proach; the imputation ofthe Federal Executive
falls harmlessly at their feet. For a period of
twenty years they have gone steadily on, caring
little for the inteiference of the Federal Govern-
ment, and are to-day as little affected by the crip-
pled condition of its Treasury as any institutions
m the land. The one hundred and seventy-two
banks of Massachusetts are managed by men of
business, of experience, of undoubted integrity,
and untarnished honor. They have lived in spite
of the veto of 1832, the removal of the public de-
posits in 1833, and the celebiated specie circular
of 183G; and to-day the sub-Treasury of 1846 is
prostrate at their feet, begging for relief.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this bankrupt
law scheme of the Presideni. Executive power
and Executive interference have assumed fearful
shapes since the days when Mr. Webster battled
against their encroachments upon the Constitu-
tion. I am surprised to see those who profess I
above all others- to revere the name of 'Webster,
so ready to approve of sentiments so much at va-
riance with his whole public record, and so utterly
at variance with the principles of cCnstitutiona!
law, as laid down by the greatest of constitutional
lawyers.
I am opposed to this proposed banlcropt law
of the President, because of the train .of Govern-
ment officials necessarily to follow in its wake,
enlarging the alrea'dy too extensive and corrupt
patronage of the Executive. ; ."
In connection with this subject, the President;
recommends the suppression of all bank bills under
twenty dollars, and finally under fifty. WelljStr,
I am not quite ready for ?hat. I well know what
would be the effect of such a policy upon the value
of property of middling-interest men; and my ex-
perience teaches me that it would be ruinous t<>
the middling-interest classes, who, to a great ex-
tent, owe more or less upon their property. Its
most serious effect would be upon the value of
real estate held by mechanics and %vorking men.
Those who have invested the hard earnings of
years in such property, and owe fifty or seventy-
five per cent, upon it, would be entirely ruined liys
the depreciation which would surely, follow sucli
a measure. ,
The proposition of the Administration to estab-
lish little sub-Treasuries in the several States, and
the collection of county and town taxes in specie,
I commend to the kind consideration and foster-'
ing care of the State-rights men of this House.,'
If that system works well in Virginia, and is ac-
ceptable to South Carolina and other independent
sovereignties who believe in that democracy which
pe.rmits States to manage their own affairs in'their
own way, we can get along very well with it in
Massachusetts.
Mr. Chairman, it is time this warfare of the
Federal Government upon the local banks, and
upon the financial institutionsof the States, should
cease. Ifweareto haveapaper-moneycurrency—
and in my opinion we always shall have—and if
the Federal Government is to participate in its
benefits—and in my judgment it always will—let
the President and the Secretary of the Treasury
review their positions, and cease their assaults
upon institutions which are to-day as well and as
wisely managed as the sub-Treasury of the Fed-
eral Government.
I hope and trust the recommendation of the
President upon the subject of a bankrupt law, to
be applied to the State banks, will be little heeded."
I think this House is composed of men too'pra?- '
fical in their character, and too well acquainted
with the real interest of the people, to be swerved
from a course of true patriotism by the abstract
sentiments of the President. Let the behests*of
party give way to the voice of reason; let not our
prejudices run away with our judgments. I, for
one, shall look with distrust upon a measure
which will strike down the commercial interest of
the country, and prostrate the manufacturing and
mechanical interest of every State in the Umon.
But, sir, whilst I shall look with distrust upon
recommendations of the Administration, I shall
not be governed by party feeling in any vote which
1 may give or withhold from the supportof meas-
ures recommended by Government.
The people of Massachusetts looked with as
much favor upon the present Administration,
when it came into power, as any people could
who gave an overwhelming vote against it. They
were willing to forego all party feeling for union
and harmony m the Government, and content-
ment and prosperity in the nation. But they have
looked in vain for those motives which should
ever be so distinguishable in every communica-
tion from the Chief Executive, as evidence of his
determination to give the weight of hi.8 exalted
position and power for the restoration of peace
throughout the broad territorial dominions of the
Union, and prosperity, plenty, and happiness
throughout the land.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should not have sought
the floor at this time, but for the fact that silence
would leave my views liable to an unpleasant mis-
construction. 1 was an early, earnest, and sin-
cere advocate of Mr. Buchanan's election to the
Presidency of the United States, believing that
his elevation would largely promote the present
peace and lasting welfare of my country. His
life had been a public one, and hiseharacter was
that of an educated statesman and a just man. I
