I
258$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
I will merely state that about four hundred and
fifty-two thousand dollars are appropriated in this
bill for the coast survey. I believe that work com-
menced in 1790. It was then a pretty small affair;
but it has been going on increasing, from that time
down to the present, until the appropriation for that
purpose has now reached the neighborhood of half
a million dollars. If it goes on at this rate, it will
bankrupt the Government. For one, I think it is
time to begin reform on it. I do not mean to de-
bate the question. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wish to say that,
making the alteration proposed in the amendment,
will about as effectually stop the work as striking
out the whole appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust this amendment
■Will prevail. Like the Senator from Missouri,
I have had my attention turned to the appropria-
tions for the coast survey in this bill, which, in-
eluding the publication of the books, amount to
upwards of half a million dollars. This seems to
be an appropriation that is to continue forever. I
suppose, so long as there can be a harbor to ex-
amine or any change in the currents of the occan,
or any sand bars, this coast fleet will be at work.
At any rate, they will be at work as long as you
pay them $500,000 annually to keep up this es-
tablishment. The book which has been pub-
lished, according to a. little statement I have heie,
cost, in 1855, over sixty-eight thousand and some
hundred dollars; and in 1856, $78,000. Adding
that to the amount appropriated in this bill, and
it costs $500,000 for the coast survey.
The Senator from Maine tells us we might as
•well vote nothing as to vote $100,000. A few
years ago that would have been considered a very
large sum to appropriate for this work. I have
llo doubt the surveys of the coast have been of
benefit to the country; but I do not think such an
amount of money as this should be appropriated I
to this particular object. The Senate has just !
refused to improve any of the harbors upon the j
lakes, where millions of property are destroyed
every year; and yet you appropriate §500,000 for i
surveys upon the Atlantic coast, where they have '
been making surveys for the last half a_ century, i
and I suppose will be making them so long as the j
Government lasts; and this appropriation, instead j
of diminishing, will go on increasing. I trust the
sum of $250,000 will be stricken out, and $100,000
inserted in its place. Even that, I think,-is a large ]
amount to appropriate, under the circumstances
in which the Government is now placed. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Illinois 1
talks of this survey of the coast taking time. He
seems to be under the impression that the Atlantic i
coast of the United States falls somewhat short .
of the coast of the State of Illinois, and that the j
survey of it ought to have been finished long ago. '
I do not accede at all to this mode of reasoning. ,
This work has continued for some time, and it,
cannot be finished in a day, or in a year, or in
many years. I really have no sympathy with
that kind of argument, addressed to the Senate of
a great nation, which says that a work ought to
stop, not because it is not beneficial, not for the
reason that it is not useful, not for the reason that!
it is not a very great work, and must necessarily, j
of course, to be finished, take a great time, but for
the reason that it does take time and does take
money. Why, sir, wo have begun this, and con-
tinued it for many years, and everybody who
has examined this question knows that a very
few more years will complete it. If the book cost
more last year than it did the year before, it was
because the book itself was a larger record than
the record of the year before, and more work was ji
done. 11
The truth of the matter with reference to this I
coast survey is, that, it has been going on, as !
everybody well knows, managed with care, with '
skill, with fidelity, and with ability, and as cheap- 1
ly as the nature of the woik would allow. What I
do you want more, when you have undertaken a ;j
great work for the benefit of the whole country, j
extending from the north to the south, and on the |
Pacific as well as the Atlantic? Cannot we do j
something else than simply stop it because it cost j
a few thousand more for more work one year than ;'
it did the year before, and because it costs some- jj
thing more m order to complete it > Why, sir. in j
the name, of common sense, arc we to stop appro- :
priating money for the great purposes of this na-
tion, simply because we cannotget along without
money? I do not accede to that reasoning. I must
"say to my friend that, although this does not strike
at me, because I believe the survey of the coast,
so far as Maine is concerned, is completed and
record made thereof, and we have nothing more
to do with it directly; yet I consider that that is
a part of the country, and I feel just as much in-
terest, as a friend of the great commerce of the
country, in having that work completed on the
Pacific coast as on the Atlantic, and on one part
of the Atlantic coast as on the other.
I said you might as well appropriate nothing
as $100,000. It is not because $100,000 is a small
sum; not because it was not a sufficient sum at
one year or at one time, and is not now. It was
sufficient for the operations at one time, but the
surveys are now carried on upon a much larger
scale than they were years ago. We began on a
small scale, but we have been increasing in popu-
lation, means, wealth, and extent of our country,
and the necessities of the country. I said that
you might as well appropriate nothing as $100,000,
simply for the reason that, if we are to carry on
operations with the present force employed, by
employing the vessels now in operation we would
save money by not unnecessarily striking down
the amount without any inquiry as to what the
effect of striking down would be; that it would be
much cheaper to appropriate $250,000 now, and
we would lose less and pay less, in point of fact,
in the long run, in the course oftwo or three years,
than to appropriate §100,000 now. It is in order
to save expense and conduct the work econom-
ically, and not throw away that which we have
done, that I am in favor of retaining the sum
named in the bill. If Senators are disposed, as I
think they are not, to stop the surveys entirely,
and say they will go no further, that is one thing;
I am perfectly willing they should do so accord-
ing to their own pleasure, as they have a right to
act; but, if we undertake to do it at all, let us do
it in a business, common-sense manner—not ap-
propriate a quarter of the sum necessary, and in
that way conduct the business in the niggardly
form in which a man conducts his who does not
know enough to carry it on, and must eternally
carry it on at a loss, because he has not soul
enough to do it on a scale commensurate with the
undertaking.
Sir, I do not quarrel with gentlemen who oppose
this appropriation on principle; that is all very
well. Let them strike it out if they are strong
enough to do it; but let the friends of the work
act with sense and discretion, according to the in-
terests of the measure, and, at any rate, not find
fault with the surveys which, so far as they have
been continued, have been conducted well, and, I
believe, with sufficient economy, and certainly to
very good purpose.
I must say one other thing: I have stood by
these rivers and harbors upon the lakes because
I believed the appropriations proper, and that
they should be made; but it is hardly fair that
gentlemen should turn round and crush the whole
Atlantic coast, because a portion of the Atlantic
States did not support them in their motions.
Let us, at any rate, have the benefit of our action
from those gentlemen who are in favor of the thing
as a whole, and not strike it down piecemeal, be-
cause they did not get all the votes tney wanted
to get for their own favorite measure.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Illinois is
mistaken if he supposes the whole of this appro-
priation is for the Atlantic coast. We have a Pa-
cific coast, also; and the two together, I think,
would compare with the lake coast. They may
not be as great in his eyes; but still, I think, they
will compare tolerably well with his lake coast.
Mr. POLK. I will state that the clause to
which my amendment refers is for the survey of
the Atlantic coast only.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not know why we should
strike out the appropriation for the Atlantic coast
alone. Why should it be singled out, and the
appropriations for the Pacific coast and the lakes
left? The Senator will find, when the Army bill
comes up, an analogous appropriation for the
survey of the lakes, which has been going on for
years.
Mr. PUGH. Whereabouts?
Mr. HUN TER. In the bill making appropri-
ation:; for the support of the Army, in which there
is an appropriation of $75,000 for this year. One
hundred thousand dollars was the estimate. That
survey has been going on pari passu with the sur-
vey of the coast.
Nor do I admit that the survey of the coast
stands on the same ground with the improvement
of rivers and harbors. The improvement of rivers
and harbors is strictly for commercial ends, and
are many of them improvements within the ju-
risdiction of the States. This coast survey is
within the jurisdiction of the United States; and
although it may incidentally be of advantage to
commerce, it is defensible upon military grounds.
We are bound to know the channels on our coast,
both for naval and military purposes. We ought
to know the channels leading into New York,
that we may defend its harbors. So with regard
to the entrance into Charleston; so into Norfolk;
so into Mobile and New Orleans.
Mr. PUGH. Do you not expect to defend the
Northwest too, in case of war?
Mr. HUNTER. There is a similar appropri-
ation for the Northwest.
Mr. PUGH. An appropriation of only $75,000.
I think the motion of the Senator from Missouri
entirely right.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will find that it
has been going on in the Northwest for some
time, and he will find that it is progressing quite
as rapidly in proportion to the extent of lake
shore as it is in proportion to the extent of the
shores of the two seas. When examined, he will'
find, so far as thatis concerned, that all the coasts
and shores of the country are provided for.
Now, sir, it is a very different thing carrying
on surveys which are strictly for military and
naval purposes, and making improvements look-
ing only to commerce, and which are also within
the jurisdiction of the States thus claiming for the
United States jurisdiction over the commerce of
the States, and over those improvements which
look to the commerce of the States. If we can
improve rivers and make harbors for that pur-
pose, why not railroads? why not canals? If we
can take that particular jurisdiction of the States,
what will remain to them?
But, sir, it was not my purpose to enter into a
discussion of that question. I merely rose to
show the distinction in point of principle; and
when that is admitted, then the argument of the
Senator from Maine is unanswerable. We have
been carrying on this coast survey for a long
time, and it is economy to appropriate enough to
bring it to a conclusion within a reasonable space
of time. I will not say there may have been no
waste in regard to this work; I will not say that
everything that has been done has been as eco-
nomically done as it could have been; I will not
•undertake to indorse them to that extent; but I
will say that it is a great work, which has been
executed in such a manner as to command the
admiration of all practical and scientific men, I
believe, all over- the world, who are acquainted
with the manner in which it has been executed.
Mr. PEARCE. I am afraid that the Senator
from Illinois is not so much moved in his opposi-
tion to this appropriation for the coast survey by
a thorough study of the subject as by a little feel-
ing of resentment, because some appropriations
to objects which he deems of great importance and
interest have not been made. I regret it, sir. In
addition to what has been so justly said by the
Senator from Virginia, I beg leave to add that the
Senator from Illinois is under a great mistake as
to the period of time during which this work has
been in progress. He assumes that it has been
going on at this rate for half a century. Now,
sir, thisgrcat work, so useful to the commerce and
other interests of this country, was commenced
under the recommendation of Mr. Jefferson, about
fifty years ago. It made no progress for a num-
ber of years, because the first step was to procure
a scientific person, of proper attainments, and send
him to Europe for instruments. Nothing was
actually done until after the war of 1812, and very
little then. There was another series of years
during which the work was suspended; and not
until about the year 1830 were active operations
commenced on a limited scale. More active oper-
ations were carried on in 1842; but it was not
until about the year 1850 that wo adopted the
present scale of expenditure and progress, and the
results have been more than proportionate to the
increased expense. That was" demonstrated some
