1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB,
sense of the people of Kansas for the admission
of that State into the Union without any interven-
tion on behalf of Congress. Even if my fears
were stronger than my hopes, I should stiil deem
it a duty to the country to leave nothing undone
to preserve harmony between the two Houses by
the most courteous form of usage on our part, and
that would be a motion to insist, and not to adhere.
If the motion to insist prevails, accompanied by
a proposition for a conference, the result will be,
I take for granted, as said by the Senator from
Ohio, to send the bill back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to leave it in their possession for
their action upon it.
Now, they can do one of two things. They have
adhered, which I understand in parliamentary lan-
guage means, as the sense of the House adhering,
that they mean to stand upon what they have done.
But there is no parliamentary reason why they
should not revoke that decision, and recede from
what they have done. If the bill be sent back to
the House of Representatives upon our motion to
insist, although it will be in their possession, they
can vote to refuse the conference, if, in their judg-
ment, they think it expedient and wise to do so.
If they do refuse a conference, they stand upon
their adherence; and it will be then for the Senate
to determine whether it too will adhere, and thus
put an end to the bill, or whether it will insist,
and again ask for a conference.
But I think, sir, considering the great interest,
and the consequences which are dependent upon
the result of this measure, that the Senate should
leave nothing undone to preserve courtesy be-
tween the two Houses; and, if possible, to dis-
pose m some manner of this great measure, for
great it certainly is in its future consequences; or, if
it cannot be done, that the Senate should preserve
itself in a condition to leave the responsibility of
its loss where that responsibility belongs. For
one, therefore, I will go with Senators cheerfully
to the extremest verge of parliamentary courtcsy,
to keep this matter alive as long as there is a hope
of admitting the State of Kansas in the form pro-
vided by the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I do not see that there is any-
thing serious in the difficulty presented by the
Senator from Ohio. The course which I have
proposed is but a regular step in the natural pro-
gression of events, and I find that it harmonizes
precisely with the Manual, which gives this ac-
count of the proceedings between the two Houses
of Pailiament:
" When either House, e. the House of Commons, hend
a bill to the other, tin1 other may pa>s st with amendments.
The regular ptogies&ion m tins case is, lliat the Commons
disa^iee 10 the amendment; the Lords insist on it; the
(Jomuions nw->t on their dis-asjieement; the Lords adhere
to their amendment; the Commons adhere fo their disagree-
ment. The term of insisting may ho repeated as often as
they choo-e to keep the question open. Bui the lirst ad-
herence by either renders it neeess.ny tor the other to recede
or adhere also;"—
that was the old law—
"when the matter is usually suffered to fall. (10 Gray,
148.) Lattei ly, however, Ihete are instances of their having
gone to a .second adherence. Thete must he an absolute
conclusion of file Mibjeet somewhere, oi otherwise trans-
actions- between the Houses would become endless (3
Hats., OfiS. 270.) The term of we aie told by Sir
John Trevor, was then (.1079) newly mttodneed into par-
liamentary u«a«*e, by the Lords. (7 (Jicy, ) ft wa> cer-
tainly a happy innovation. a  it multiplies the oppoi {unities
of trying modification* which may bung the Houses, to a
concuirencc. Hithei Ilou-.e. however, is itto pass over
the terms of insisting, and to adhere m the fn st instance;
(10 Grey, 14f>;) but it is not ret-pecHul to the other, in the
ordinary parhamentaiy course, there aie two hee confer-
ences, at least, before an adherence. ( U> Cicy, 147 )''
It requires a mutual adherence between the two
Houses before the bill is lost. Insisting is a re-
spectful course to the other House. It is simply
notifying them that we see no reason yet to changc,
and. are desirous of having a conference to inter-
change opinions on the subject.
Mr. STUART. I have no disposition to go on
with this discussion; but there are certain prin-
ciples governing our practice which I think ought
to be set right. There is but one question winch
is divisible m itself, and which our rule prevents
the division of on the suggestion of a single
member. By our rules a motion to strike out
and insert is indivisible; but any other question
which in itself is divisible, that is to say, which
beiu^ divided, one proposition may stand and the
other f.iil, is divisible by parliamentary law, and
must be divided upon the demand of any Senator
who requires it. Now, m this case, the Senate
may insist and refuse a conference. They may
refuse to insist and provide for a conference.
Hence it is a divisible motion. The Senator from
Virginia says he has not seen an instance 
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator show how
we may refuse to insist and then ask for a confer-
ence ? If you refuse to insist, there is no confer-
ence.
Mr. GREEN. It is equivalent to receding.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; refusing to insist is
not equivalent to receding. A motion would still
be necessary to recede before the amendment
adopted by the House of Representatives would
be agreed to by the Senate. Suppose the motion
be to adhere; the Senate may refuse it. The Sen-
ator from Virginia will see that any other motion
is still open in respect to the bill. There may un-
doubtedly be a conference on the bill as it stands.
One may be asked for by the Senate. But I was
speaking to the point, and I think it will be found
on examination of parliamentary law, that there
is no exception to the divisibility of a question
which in itself may be divided, except the one I
have referred to in our rules. I do not make
these remarks because I ask for any division; but
the Senator from Rhode Island does.
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdrew that request
some time ago.
Mr. STUART. Again, the Senator from Vir-
ginia says, we may repeat these propositions for
a conference as often as we choose to the other
House. I think he is mistaken. It is not strictly
respectful, according to parliamentary law, for
one House to ask a conference after the other has
adhered, because adherence is notice, in parlia-
mentary form, to the other House, that the House
adhering does not intend to yield at all; that it
insists on its own proposition or nothing; and,
as the authorities say, there must at some time be
an end to the proceeding. If you adopt the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Virginia, there never
can be an end, unless the House insisting chooses
to make it; but you may repeat a proposition for
a conference to the House adhering, as often as
you choose, however offensive jt may be to them,
they steadily rejecting it. If this doctrine be
right, there would never be an end of a measure.
I have examined the authorities. The text of
the Manual which has been read is not borne out
by the authorities to which it refers. Those ref-
erences to Hatsell do not exist in Hatsell at all.
The true position of matters of this kind was
stated in a report made by Mr. Van Buren some
years ago. Although it is significant, when one
House adhere, that they do not intend to vary
their action, yet you may ask them to confer and
they may refuse it; but if they do refuse it that
is an end of the question. It was an end in that
case. The House of Representatives asked for
a conference. Mr. Van Buren, as chairman of
the committee, reported against it, and the Sen-
ate, having adhered, they refused the conference,
and that was the end of the measure. You see,
Mr. President,that that must be an end, or else,
as I said, one House could keep a question open
through the entire session.
I have made these suggestions merely that our
own notions in regard to the action between the
two Houses should be corrected; not because I
have any desire to delay the matter. I am ready
to vote on the question.
Mr. BAYARD. There are many remarks of
the honorable Senator from Michigan to which I
can olFer no objection; but I should like him to
state his authority for the position that it is dis-
lespct tful to the House of Representatives for the
Senate to ask a conference after the House have
vott d to adhere.
Mr STUAUT. The Senator misunderstood
me. 1 did not .say that.
Mr. BAYARD. Those were the words.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I said it was not en-
tirely respectful, though it had been done, and it
might be done.
Mr. BAYARD. "Not entirely respectful"
seems to me to mean " somewhat disrespectful."
I can attach no other meaning to the language. I
can find in no parliamentary authority any doc-
trine of that kind; but it is laid down that where
either body in the first instance adheres, instead
of insisting, and asking for a conference, or sim-
ply insisting, and leaving the other to ask for a
conference, is considered disrespectful. The dis-
respect in this case, then, comes from the House
of Representatives, who, on the first difference be-
tween them and the Senate, the Senate disagree-
ing to their amendment, without a single prece-
dent, I think, to sustain them, adhere in the first
instance. That does not prevent our action, how-
ever. It does not prevent us from insisting on our
amendment, and asking for a conference. It only
puts them, in my judgment, still further in the
wrong. It only shows a more determined inten-
tion on their part not to take the possible chance
of a conclusion of this matter by an agreement
between the two Houses.
I am in favor of insisting, and asking for a com-
mittee of conference; and I see no impropriety in
it. There can be no doubt that if each House
adheres, if we adhere and the House of Repre-
sentatives adhere, the bill is gone, under all par-
liamentary law. But the House of Representa-
tives having adhered, if we insist, and ask for a
committee of conference, it will be for them to say
whether they will grant it or not. If they refuse
it, what the ulterior effect will be, whether that
finally determines the question as regards the Sen-
ate, or whether we have a right to ask for a sec-
ond conference after the first refusal, or whether,
having the right, we should go that far, are dis-
tinct questions, not necessary to be mooted now.
In the present case, although I think the action
of the House of Representatives precipitate in ad-
hering, and not respectful according to parlia-
mentary usage; yet, as the question is one of mo-
ment, 1 am disposed, on the part of the Senate,
to insist, and ask for a committee of conference,
to see, if possible, whether this question can be
determined through a medium of that kind.
Mr. BROWN. The question now is on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri, as I under-
stand it. I suppose, Mr. President, there can be
no difficulty, so far as the parliamentary law is
concerned, on that point. That the Senate has
the right, if it chooses, to insist, and ask for a
committee of conference, I take it for granted is
admitted on all hands; there can be no question
of that.
Mr. PUGH. That is the very point I make.
I say we cannot insist after an adherence on the
other side.
Mr. BROWN. Then, sir, all the writers on
parliamentary law, I think, are mistaken. I have
no sort of question about the point myself. On
the subject of its being not respectful, raised by
the Senator from Michigan, I am quite free to say
that I do not think it is quite respectful to our-
selves. If the House of Representatives thinks
proper, on the very first instant, to adhere to its
amendment, and thereby indicate to us that it does
not even want to confer on the subject, we might,
if we thought proper, get into a huff and say, " if
you thus oppose yourselves against us, we will
stand out also." But upon a great question of
public interest and public concern, we are scarcely
permitted to consult our personal feelings. If each
individual member could act upon the impulses of
his own mind, the Senate might very likely resent
this captiousness, to call it by no harsher term;
but we are here to act not for ourselves, nor upon
our personal impulses, but for the great and sub-
stantial interests of the country; and though I do
not think it quite respectful to ourselves to insist,
after the prompt adherence of the other House, I
will do it. I might not insist a second time; I
certainly would not insist after all hope of suc-
cess had failed; but I am not willing to consult my
personal feelings, my pride of sentiment, when
the threat public interest is at stake. The House
of Representatives may, possibly it will—1 have
some hope that it will upon further reflection—
grant the conference, and when the bill goes back,
the whole question is opened by the report of its
committee. No receding from its adherence is at
all necessary. That will be overrode by its own
action in agreeing to the conference; but if it re-
fuse the conference, then the Senate may ask for
a conference again, and may urge the question. I
should be against doing it myself; still it might be
done. Instances have occurred, I think, where
it has been done; but there is no question before
the Senate except the motion made by the Senator
from Missouri, and as there seems to be no doubt
that he has the right to submit the motion, I sup- .
pose now we can have the vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I desire to
see if there is anything here for us to debate. I
understand my friend from Ohio raises the ques-
