1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a ruined possession, quickly to be followed by the erasive
plowshare of the invading conqueior.
"• The !o;s of Kansas to the South would involve the loss
of JUifc-souii; and the loss of Missouri would destroy the
moral as well as political pre«tige. of the South, and invade
the jntegniy of their institutions. The moial prestige of
Slates, like that of individuals, once destioyed, no earthly
power can restore; and the integuty of State establish-
ments, like the chastity of woman, once subjected to inva-
sion, continues at the vvjll of the dospoiler. With aboh-
tiomzed Iowa stretching alon^ the noithein boundary of
Missouri, and abolmonized Kansas covering her westfrn
boundary, whilst there poured into her bosom, through towa
and Kansas, from the more inhospitable lake and northern
Atlantic regions, a continuous sticam of agrarian radicals
of any and all parties in those regions, alike determined to
obtain control of her government, and to asseit the luie of
the majority m the line of emancipation, slave property in
Missouri would become too piecarious in its tenure to be
holden, and the necessity for its sale or removal would at
once arise. It may be confidently asserted that, under these
circumstances, in five years Missouri would cease to be a
slaveholding State. Already, in view of the anticipated re-
sult, Abolition journals have been started in Missoun, and
candidates for Congress have unfurled the bauner of eman-
cipation.
" Now the loss of Missouri to the South would involve
the loss of the Creek and Cherokee domain, the Choctaw
and Chickasaw domain, New Mexico, and Arizona,which
otherwise could be saved to the slaveholdinginteiests of the
country, and the harmonious equilibrium of the Union. It
is known that the Creeks and Cherokees number from thirty
to forty thousand free inhabitants, holding at least ten thou-
sand negro slaves. The facts as to the Choctaws and Chick-
asaws stand in a similar ratio. The white man's blood in
both nations predominates, strongly coloring each with the
white man's mental forms and expressions. They have oacli
a regular government, with distinct executive, judicial, and
legislative departments, with a general common school sys-
tem, with Clmstian chutches established m many dnec-
tions, and with the arts of agriculture and mechanic* con-
siderably developed. Each is gradually prepanng to enter
the CJmon as a slaveholdmg State. Hut, with abohuonized
Kansas and Missouri along their northern limits, the flood-
gates would be thrown open through which the abolition
tide would sweep with resistless energies, diivingbefoie it,
or overwhelming m its deluge, alike the liybtid Indian and
the negro slave, thus ultimately adding both domains to the
colossal power of the Noith. New Mexico and Anzona
would now be thrown between the' fiee-soiP States formed
out of the tornlories of the Creeks, Cherokees, Choctaw?,
and Chicka^aws, on the east, the ' free-soil' State of Cal-
ifornia on the west, and the ' fr<ie5 States of Mexico on the
south. Negio slave property, however anxiously desired,
in neither could be held for a day, and they, too, would in-
evitably go to swell the bestriding power and monstrous
pioportions of the North."
But, Mr. Chairman, I wish to be more partic-
ular and precise in my objections to that part of
the President's message to which I have made
reference, and to the admission of Kansas into
the Union on the Lecompton constitution. They
arise—
First. From the antagonism of that policy and
measure to what has been called the great repub-
lican principle of the Nebraska-Kansas bill; and
Second. From the attempts making to violate
the plighted faith of the Democratic party.
" The true intent and moaning" of the act organ-
izing the Territory of Kansas, is declared to be
" to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way." This language would seem too un-
equivocal to be overcome by the most abstruse
diplomatist, or the most adroit hair-splitting pol-
itician. Nodoubt, 1 suggest, is allowed to remain
as to " the true intent and meaning" of the enact-
ment. It was to give full, perfect, unrestricted
sovereignty to the people of XCansas. It is this
right, thus clearly given to them, the inhabitants
of"the Territory now claim; nothing more, noth-
ing less.
But I understand the President to say that they
are careless about all questions to be settled by
their fundamental law, except the single one of
negro slavery. Who conferred upon this officcr
the authority to speak so confidently for the peo-
ple of Kansas? Surely Congress never did; for
they have, by an unrepealed law, vested all pow-
er in the people alone; and if the people have
intrusted him with an agency, it is proper he
should show his warrant. This, most unfortu-
nately, and of course most unintentionally, tends
to indorse and sustain that organized, system-
atic attempt, long insisted upon and persevered
in, to stifle the popular voice in the Territory, and
to cast its government into the hands of those
having no shadow of right to exercise it. Free
government is not to be allowed, because the
people will not consult the wishes of the Platte
district, nor accept institutions attempted to be
forced on them from abroad. The language of
the President is somewhat peculiar, and, to my
mind, singularly unsound. He says:
u The convention weie not bound by its terms [the teims
of the Nebraska-Kansas bill} to submit any other portion
of the instrument [the constitution] to an election, except
that which relates to the 'domestic institution5 of sla-
very. This will be rendered clear by a simple reference to
its language. It wass not to legislate slavery into any Ter-
ritory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the
! people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their
| domestic institutions in then own way.5 According to the
plain construction of the sentence, the words i domestic in-
stitutions' have a dnect, as they have an appropriate refer-
ence to slavery. £ Domestic Institutions' aie limited to the
family. The relation between master and slave, and a few
otheis, are £ domestic institutions,' and are entirely distinct
from institutions of a political character. Besides, there
was no question then befoi e Congress, nor indeed has there
since been any serious question before the people of Kan-
sas or the country, except that which relates to the 4 domes-
tic institution5 of slavery."
All the obligations which " rested on the Le-
compton convention to submit their constitution
to an election" he assumes to be derived from the
act of Congress. Pie contends that " domestic
institutions," being synonymous with slavery,it
is therefore not required to submit any other mat-
ter to the popular decision. Let us test this re-
markable view by carrying it to its consequences.
If " domestic institutions" mean merely slavery,
then it is clear that the power given to the people
" to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way," confers only the-powcr " to
form arid regulate" slavery "in their own way."
But this conclusion would prove too great an ab-
surdity for its advocates to profit by. The policy
of the Government with reference to sl^-rery in
the Territories, was intended to be permanently
settled by the Nebraska-Kansas bill, giving to the
people thereof complete sovereignty over all their
institutions. All power to legislate on the sub-
ject of slavery was denied to Congress and given
to the people of the Territory. Congress declared
it was—
" The nue intent and meaning of that act not to legislate
slavery into any Teiutoiy oi State, nor to exclude ltlhuro-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly fiee to form
and regulate then domestic institutions in their own way.'"
As I read it, and as the country has thus far
interpreted it, slavery was to be left to the determ-
ination of the people of the Territory just as all
Ike rest of their domestic inslilulions. Indeed the
whole argument for the legislation referred to,
proceeded upon that ground. They, the people,
were to have their institutions in their own way
—all their institutions. Their power was not
large or unlimited with regard to one, and small
or limited with regard to another; it was equal
with respect to all. I need scarcely contend that
if their will is to govern, it becomes necessary to
ascertain what it is. As I look upon it, there-
fore, the admission that the question of slavery
should be submitted to a vote of the people for
the purpose of ascertaining their wishes touching
that institution, carries with it the further admis-
sion that ail their other institutions should be sub-
jected to the same test. The error arises from
shutting out of view the fact that the territoiial
legislation of 1854 intended to establish a govern-
mental policy with respect to slavery; that it was
designed to leave that " domestic institution" just
where all other" domestic institutions" were left
—within the popular control. That by using the
words " slavery"and c< domestic institutions"in
the same sentence, Congress did nut intend they
should bo regarded as synonymous, butas a mem-
, ber and a family. Slavery is a domestic instttu-
j tion, not domestic institutions; it is singular, not
i plural; it is one, not many. To adopt this fault
of interpretation, would be to do not only great,
and perhaps irretrievable injury to the people of
Kansas, but to those of every Territory hereafter
to be organized.
Is it not too plain that popular sovereignty, so
much extolled in the Thirty-Third Congress, and
j so highly recommended in the last presidential
^ contest, as the sound principle upon which our
I Territories wore thenceforth to be organized and
1 governed—which was declared nsgi ving all power
j into the hands of the people—is to be sweated down
! to the very moderate dimensions of a privilege to
j say whether they will hold a negro in bonds or
not? No opinion can be expressed as to the or-
| ganization of the legislative, executive, or judicial
, branches of the government; none of the consu-
I tutional safeguards affoided to life and liberty are
1 of any importance to the citizen. He may not
speak as to them; his whole voice is to be kept
for his yea or nay on negro slavery. This is Tom
Thumb sovereignty,orsoveteignty in anut-shelb
The case is even worae than I have exhibited
it. Nothing has been submitted for poplar ^ex-
termination. Slavery could not be voted down,
by voting the " constitution with no slavery,""
when the instrument expressly declares1 that,«
under such vote, " the right of property;in slaves'
now in the Territory shall in no manner be inter- •
ferod with." That right of property carries with'
it the increase of those slaves as completely as if -,
born in South Carolina; and if that right ".shall
not be interfered with," slavery must continue; -1
have never before been taught that that is a free -
State in which the negro and his issue are to be
holden as slaves, and where the pro per ty-in.slaves
" shall not be interfered with." The right of the
people " to form and regulate their domestic insti-
tutionsin theirown way," now means simply "to
form and regulate "slavery, provided they "form"
it in a State, and do not "regulate" it out. Thip
I would designate as sovereignty invisible.
This solemn mockery of a guarantied right is
to be tolerated; not only tolerated, but encour-
aged and confirmed by the action of the present
Congress, because the convention which perpe-
trated the enormity, represented, as I am told, the
sovereignty of the people. No such reason exists.
I would as soon recognize a bastard as a lawful
heir, as the Lecompton convention to be the off-
spring of the people of Kansas. The fact that
others may have recognized it as a legal body, im-
poses no obligation upon me to force myself to the
same unwise conclusion. Itisoneofthefruits ofa
well-digested fraud concocted inthefailofi854,aml
persevered in until the present moment; a fraud
by which slavery was to be forced into the State
when formed, without rospcct to the sentiment
of the people. The very purpose of the fraud was
to override the will of the people; to substitute the
action of a minority for the rule of the majority.
In organizing the Territory under the Nebraska-
Kansas act, the first thing manifested was an anti-
republican movement, subversive of the principles
of the act, and those concerned in it took as much
trouble to hide the facts as Periander did to con-
ceal his grave, and committed as many crimes in
doing so. The ballot-box gave no response to
the resolves or wishes of the residents; it pointed
only to treasonable acts striking at the very foun-
dation of our institutions. Ruffianism has held
uninterrupted sway there. It made legislators,
who made a convention, which made a constitu-
tion. The groat grandchild bears most unmis-
takable evidence of its parentage, and it would
indeed be strange if it did not subvert the prin-
ciple that the people arc free " to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way."
a For he that once hath missed the right way,
The further he doth go the further he doth stiay."
I am unwilling to marshal proofs to support the
position here assumed, as the whole living his-
tory of Kansas attests its strength.
Sir, how does it happen that no man has yet
been found with Democracy sound enough to bear
up against the air of Kansas? Four Governors,
have been appointed in the space of about thirty
months, from among the wisest and best of our
party, and now the office is again vacant. How
comes this? It finds its solution in the fact that
" Democracy is morality," and unable to coun-
tenancc so gross and palpable a usurpation as has
always existed there. Those four high officers
have all returned to us, speaking the same lan-
guage, uttering the same words—that sovereignty
is crushed out there. And what answer is made
to this? A southern paper gives it, in declaring
they are to be marked—their ears cut and tails-
split; they are to be read out. Take care, sir, •
that you do not road out the whole North. In
the great political contest of 1856, how our .ener-
gies were taxed to the utmost} Every vote was
of importance—of vast importance—not to the
North merely, but to the South—ay> to the South I
How they trembled there! "Sectionalism" they
thought would prevail. Looking back upon
, that fearful struggle, may we not well pause long
I enough to inquire what will probaly be the result
of future battles, when soldiers are so unceremo-
niously shot, at a time when they can be so illy-
spared ?
I have not forgotten the almost impenetrable
gloom which overhung my own State, and con-
sequently the whole country, during the fierce
conflict to which I have alluded. It was then that
the persuasive voicc of one who now fills a place
near the person of the President was heard in our
