474
THE CONGRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
January 28,
midst, proclaiming the right of Kansas to be self-
goyernecl,an(i expressing his determination, as a
son of the South, to carry out the will of her peo-
ple. His present high position was bestowed
upon him, doubtless, in consequence of the in-
fluence it was his fortune then to exercise. 1 fear
his friends who, at that time, listened to him with
so much true pleasure, were not prepared for the
intelligence which just before our meeting flashed
along the telegraphic wires, that the President and
Ins Cabinet were a unit in favor of the admission
of Kansas into the Union under the Lecompton
constitution. But their greatest regret will, per-
haps, be that they have forfeited the favorable re-
gard of one in whose behalf they have taken so
strong an interest, for the reason that they learned
too well the salutary lessons he inculcated.
I cannot follow this digression further, although
not unprofitable, but must resume my argument.
I deny that the Lecompton convention represented
the. sovereignty of the people, for another reason.
In the election of its members, a majority of those
really entitled to vote were completely disfran-
chised. It was thus made to be the representative
of a minority merely. In the language of Gov-
ernor Walker, " it had vital, not technical, defects
in the very substance of its organization under
the territorial law." Out of thirty-four counties
composing election districts, and in which it was
requisite a census should be taken and voters re-
gistered by officers appointed by the Legislature
itself, nineteen had no census taken and no rep-
resentation assigned them, and fifteen had no re-
gistry of voters, and could not, therefore, vote at
all. The nineteen counties were a majority of all
the counties, and were unrepresented; the fifteen
counties had more votes than were given to all
the delegates who signed the constitution, and
could not cast a single vote. How, then, can it
be said that this was a convention of delegates of
the people; and, as such, entitled to speak fur
them, act for them, and bind them ? Under such
circumstances, are a people left " free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way ?"
A further objection exists to the composition of
this convention. Its members not only did not
represent a majority, but those who controlled its
action procured theirelection by a fraud. Thedcl-
egates from Douglas county, including the presi-
dent of the convention, suspected of a design to
fasten a consiitution upon the people without sub-
mitting it to them for ibeiracceptance or rejection,
issued the following card:
2'o the Democratic Voters of County:
u ft having been stated by tii.it Aholmou newspaper, {lie
Herald of Fteedom, and by some disaffected bogus Demo-
ciats, who have got tip an independent ticker, lor the pui-
po--e of securing the vote ot' the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democianc convention were op-
posed to submitting the constitution to the people, we, the
candidates of the Dciuocuuic paity, submit the following
resolutions, which wcr«  adopted by {lie Demoeiatie conven-
tion which placed us in nomination, and which we fullv
and heartily indorse, as a complete refutation ot the slanders
above referred to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jones,
W. s. Wells, II. Butchkk,
Ij. a. Rolling, John m. Wallace,
WM. T. rfpK'CT.Y, L. A. prvthlr.
tl Lecompton, Kansas Territory, Jane 13, 1857."
" Resolved, Thatwe will suppoit no man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, whose duties it will be to
frame the constitution of the futuie State of Kans-as and to
mold the political institutions under which we, ah a people,
are to live, unless he pledges himself fully, freely, and with-
out reseivauon, to use every honorable means tos-ubmit the
same to eveiv bona fide actual citizen of Kansas, at the
proper time for the vote being taken upon the adoption by
the people, in ordei that the *aid constitution may bo adopted
or rejeeU'd by the actual settlors m tln^Teintory, as the ma-
jority of the votuis shall decide."
These men, by this act of baseness, not only
accomplished their election, but placed the con-
vention within their own control. Am I to bo
taught that our institutions can only be supported
by public virtue, and then asked to defend such
a proceeding as I have indicated, upon the ground
that it is sovereign, republican, and binding upon
the citizen? This is felon sovereignty.
The injustice of the course pursued towards the
people of Kansas is very distinct. They are by '
law empowered to form their institutions in their
own way; and yet the supporters of the Lecomp-
ton convention require them to adopt particular
forms to make known that will, not because the
bona Jide settlers approve of them, but because
their supporters approve of them. Tf one tenth
maintain the legislation originating the constitu-
tion, and nine tenths repudiate and condemn it,
can it be said the instrument is the offspring of
sovereignty? But suppose every votable inhab-
itant had sanctioned the call of a convention, and
yet a large majority should condemn the work
of such a body when finished: would not a plain,
common-sense interpretation of the organic act
require us to reject it? The proposition is too
plain for argument. I will merely inquire what
the sentiment of the people is; ana when I learn
that, by employing such means as are likely to
reveal it, I will aid it, whether I can sanction their
conclusions or not. Anything else would fall
short of giving a popular government; it would be
but a government of force or fraud.
I deeply regret that those who support the Le-
compton constitution have not rested that support
upon a principle, but upon expediency. As 1 read
the message of the President, he sanctions it in
order that the country may get rid of the excite-
ment which has so long prevailed on the subject.
What excitement, pray ? That which has been
caused by repeated acts of violence, smothering
the popular will, and gagging the popular voice.
Its language is:
" When once admitted into the Union, whether with or
without slavety, the excitement beyond her own limits will
speedily pass away, and she will then, for the first time, be
le:t, as she ought to have been long since, to manage her
own affairs m liei own way. 1 f her constitution on the sub-
ject of slavery, or on any other subject, be displeasing to a
majoniyof the people, no human power can prevent them
from changing it within a buet' period."
In my judgment a principle should never be sac-
rificed to expediency. But I deny the expediency
of the course recommended, and the argument to
sustain it is, to my mind, unfortunate. The Presi-
dent says: " if her constitution on the subject of
slavery, or on any other subject, be displeasing
to a majority of the people, no human power can
prevent them from changing it within a brief
period." The organic act promises the people
that they may "form and regulate their domestic
institutions in their own way;" now they are told
they should take a fundamental law, in the making
of which they had no part, and of which they
totally disapprove, bccause " no human power
can prevent them from changing it within a brief
period." Now, at the time they seek admission
into the Union, oppression forces institutions up-
on them; but when admitted, that hand will be
withdrawn and they will regain their rights.
This is sovereignty with suspended animation.
In opposition to the proposed policy of forcing
upon the people what they do not want, I place
the Democratic doctrine of popular sovereignty,
which will give to the people what they do want.
The President requires us to take a new but ragged
garment, and attempts to comfort us by saying
it can be patched and made sound. I will never
traffic in goods which are defective, and will not
wear, if I know it, notwithstanding I may buy,
others if I do not like them. I will never barter
truths for errors, knowing that I may support the
latter by sophistries. I believe, with Milton,
that—
"Truth is strong! Next to the Almighty, she need* no
policies, no stratagems, no licensing^ to make her victo-
rious."
And I will follow her wherever she may lead.
If from power, then I am against power. If from
the mass, then I am against the mass. If from
my friends, then I am against my friends. If into
solitude and the desert, L will make her my com-
panion forever.
The rules of the House deny me the time to
pursue this branch of my argument further, how-
ever much I may desire to do so. I shall now
contend that, to adopt the course recommended by
the President to Congress to support the action of
the Lecompton convention, would be to violate the
manifold and manifest pledges of the Democratic
party touching the doctrinc of popular sover-
eignty in the Territories.
The main or principal ground taken by the Re-
publican party has been, that the Democracy were
not to be trusted on questions involving the in-
terests of slavery, and that their management of
Kansas affairs afforded the sustaining proof. It
will not do for us to say that it produced no effect
upon the public mind. We were constrained to
admit the policy, although we denied the justice
of the appeal. in Pennsylvania, within sight of
Wheatland, the home of the present Chief Magis-
trate, an impression had been made against us.
The reply was ready and potent, that Mr. Bu-
chanan, having favored the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise to the Pacific, had favored the
exclusion of slavery from the territory north of
that line, including Kansas; that he was a north-
ern man, having, as such, sympathies with the
white laborer, and likely, for that reason, to see
full justice done him; that he had proved himself
honest,and as the resolves of his party bound him
to the doctrine of popular sovereignty, and the
sentiment in Kansas was most unmistakably for
a free State, there could be no doubt he would see
the organic act fully and impartially carried out,
and slavery repressed. Confidence was reestab-
lished and a Democratic victory achieved. If the
recent message could have been then anticipated,
I do not hesitate to express my conviction that
Pennsylvania would have cast an immense ma-
jority of her votes against him. His old congres-
sional district—a part of which I have the honor
to represent—I am satisfied would have spoken in
a very different voice. You know but little of the
present feeling in Pennsylvania if you suppose
her sons can be induced to support the views of
the Executive regarding the Lecompton conven-
tion. There is an accusation of bad faith, and I
confess I have felt myself unable to answer it, and
consequently unwilling to attempt it.
It was not alone in Pennsylvania our party
committed itself toa faithful expression of the pop-
ular wish in Kansas. North and South, through-
out the States, it was pledged in the most solemn
terms to the same thing. There was no conflict
of political opinion in the different sections of the
Union; all acknowledged the obligation of the
principle of the Nebraska-Kansas bill, and all ex-
pressed their unfaltering determination to defend
the sovereign will of the people, whether its ex-
pression was for freedom or slavery. That these
declarations were honestly made I do not doubt;
theCmcinnati platform had then but recently been
constructed, and all seemed to fully understand
it. The resolution, to which I more especially
refer, was demanded by the South, and fully ac-
cepted by the North. This demand was occa-
sioned, doubtless, by a fear of the former that the
latter was more or less unfriendly to the new
territorial legislation. The principle of this legis-
lation was hence reasserted and embodied, and
became the bond of Democratic fellowship. It is
too plain for misconstruction even now:
*• Resolved, That we rccognize the right nf the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fdiily-expressed will of a majority
of actual residents, and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without
domestic blnvery, and be admitted into the Union upon
term-, of perfect equality with the other States."
It did not speak for Kansas merely but for u all
the Territories." "'The people of all the Terri-
tories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and fairly-expressed will of
a majority of actual residents*' are to form consti-
tutions. And here, let me observe, that in no
other way are constitutions to be formed. The
resolution follows the act of Congress in indica-
ting the mode in which constitutions are to be
formed, namely, by " the people acting through
the legally and fairly-expressed will of a major-
ity of actual residents." It was thus emphati-
cally announced that a constitution could not be
given to Kansas in any but the one way. Again,
I say, the party was trusted, and it triumphed.
The inaugural addiess of the new President
evinced a clear comprehension of the grounds
upon which his election had been accomplished,
and a determination to observe the most perfect
good faith. In speaking of the Territories its lan-
guage was:
'•It is the imperative and indispensable duty of the Gov-
ernment ot the United States to secure to every resident
inhabitant the fieo and independent expression of his opin-
ion by hw vote Tins sacred" right of each individual must
be preserved!"
This is not a passage framed for the purpose
of ambiguity; it removes all doubt, if any ex-
isted before, as to the conviction of the speaker,
that " the free and independent expression of his
opinion by his vote" must be secured " to every
resident" of Kansas, at all times. Here was a
conclusion reached; and we find the President,
afterwards, consistently and persistently carrying
itout. Be it remembered " the resident" of Kan-
sas was to be secured in the " free and independ-
ent expression of his opinion by hi<s vote." The
