2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
the Treasury report, he will find that there are
now about fifty disbursing agents; forty-four, or
nearly all of them, are collectors, and receive §400
a year. There are some seven or eight persons
engaged, one at sixteen dollars a day, some at
eight dollars, some at five dollars, some at six
dollars, some at two dollars and a half, and some
at three dollars, amounting to $25,000. This
amendment puts them all on this footing. They
•will reccive $400 a year, if they distribute money
enough at two and a half per cent, to amount to
that, but only reccive two and a half per cent. It
will save $25,000 by cutting off persons who work
by the day, and I think it will reduce the $17,000
paid to others nearly one half, making from thirty
to thirty-five thousand dollars annually saved to
the Treasury.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to ask the Senator
a question'. Is not the effect of this amendment
that a collector whose salary is now $400 a year,
shall distribute this money for nothing?
Mr. WILSON. He will receive $400,
Mr. MALLORY. In addition to what he re-
ceives now?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir, to distribute it.
Mr. MALLORY. If a collector of the cus-
toms now receives $400 a year, I will ask the
Senator whether he will receive more under this
afnendment?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not under-
stand. It is an addition to the salary. The only
thing it does is to cut ofTextras.
Mr. SLIDKLL. I wiil explain thin matter.
The collcctors in the different ports in the United
States receive salaries which are based upon their
commissions; not, however, to exceed in any case
the sum of $6,000 a year. In addition to that
they are allowed to receive two and a half per
cent, on all disbursements, not exceeding $400 a
year. The effect of this is, that m the principal
ports of the country, Boston, New York, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, perhaps, and New Oilcans,
they are to receive $0,400 a year. The inspectors
and surveyors, the duties of which offices are
much less onerous, and infinitely less responsible,
and do not require so high an order of intelli-
gence and experience, receive a maximum com-
pensation of $5,000 a year.
I should probably not detain the Senate at all,
had it not been for the form m which this mat-
ter was originally introduced. The amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts struck at the dis-
bursing officers at New Orleans, and New Orleans
alone, for what lie asserted to be a great abuse on
the part of the Secretary of the Treasury. I then
eaid, and I new lepeat, having more of the par-
. tieulars at luind, that the system of compensation
that was provided at New Orleans was by no
means an exceptional case; that it existed m al-
most every other part, of the country where the
£ Government had buildings going on, and heavy
yF disbursements consequent upon those buildings;
™ that this was not at all an exceptional affair; but
a system winch had giown up with thevery com-
mencement of the system, which, I confess, has
perhaps been carried to an extravagant extent, of
erecting buildings in various parts of the country.
I think it would be better to pursue the old sys-
tem of hiring buildings. Be that as it may, I wish
* to defend not only the present Secretary of the
Treasury, but the Secretary under the previous
Administration, from any charge of abuse, or of
favoritism in this matter.
The building in New Orleans,as I before stated,
is by far the largest m extent m the country. It
is not only intended for a custom-house, but it is
intended to accommodate the courts, the post of-
fice, the land officers, the district attorneys, and
in fact all the officers of the Government in New
Orleans, with the exception of the officers of the
mint. That is a separate establishment. There
were two disbursing agents; one disbursing agent
for the mint and the marine hospital combined,
involving an expenditure last year of some three
or four hundred thousand dollars for those two
services, for which separate bonds were exacted;
and for the disbursement of the mint, the duty
was imposed upon the gentleman who was com-
missioner for the other building, and he has per-
formed that additional duty without any extra
compensation. As I said before, the disbursing
officer of the custom-house at New Orleans is, for
the time, commissioner for the building. I thought
then, I think now, that although perhaps the ser-
vices of one of those gentlemen might be dis-
pensed with, yet there was no great abuse in em-
ploying two in consideration of the extreme im-
portance of the work , and the degree of labor and
responsibility attending it.
Now, sir, to show that this is an abuse not at
all of a recent date, but commenced with the very
beginning of this system of public buildings, I
will call the attention of the Senate to a memo-
randum which I hold in my hand. W. W. Reed
and Thomas D. Robinson were appointed com-
missioners for the erection of a custom-house at
Bath, Maine, on the 15th July, 1852; and, if I
mistake not, the Senator from Maine, who was
somewhat eloquent on the subject of these abuses,
or who made some remarks in relation to this
particular abuse—if he did not, I beg his pardon;
I think he did, and 1 should like to know 
Mr. HAMLIN. I assure the Senator I never
attempted to be eloquent in all my life. I did call
the attention of the Senate to what I thought were
some abuses. At the same time, the Senator will
do me the credit, I know, to state that I spoke in
decided terms of commendation of the two per-
sons at Now Orleans, whom I knew personally.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will read from this memo-
rand um:
" W. W. Reed and Thorns I). Robinson weie appointed
romnnsfioneis lor the erection of a custom-Iioum; at Bath,
Maine, on the lOtii of July, iy,">2. It does not appear ot lee-
oid that they were to have any compensation, but they
n#nv claim pay at the iati: of #-100 per yeai each, and their
claim is mtppuj red by the honoiable Mt. Hamlin, who fays
lie was poi-onally 'cognizant that tin* pay was piomised
them."5
Mr. IIAMLIN. Yes, I do say so.
Mr. SLIDELL. Again:
" fi. L. Ilamhn, M. L. Apploton, and William C. Mam-
mal!), were appointed commissioners to  upei intend the con-
struction of a eu-tom-house at n.uijroi, Manic. These gen-
tlemen wcio each paid .^74 6(5 tor their set vice, 98
m all,) on the 19th of Febtu.uy, lBoo."
The Senator from Maine is probably familiar
with the cost of this building, to superintend the
erection of which three persons were appointed.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Will the Senator state how
long they served ?
Mr. SLIDELL. They were paid on the 19th
of February, 1855.
Mr. HAMLIN. When appointed?
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 do not know. Again:
"Robert G.Shaw and Hall J llowjin connection with
the collector ol,the port, wore appointed commissions > tor
the conjunction of a new custom-house at Hoston, Massa-
chusetts, and the compensation of each was li\ed at one
thud of two and u hall pei centum on the animal amount
disbursed. The £ioss amount of disbursements lot the woik
was $1,00],658.
The two and a half per cent, on that, I think, is
$25,000. So it appears that the commissioners of
the customs at Boston, in the State of the Senator
who made this charge, received $25,000 for their
services.
'■ Walter Hi own and EhshaTibbetts were appointed com-
missioners lot the New Yoik custom house. The date of
then appointment docs not appear. Boeietaiy Woodbuty,
on eominir into office, could find no recoul ot the fact.-, but
fixed the compensation of each ut eight dollars per day for
the puuod of actual service, and save them a cloik and an
oliiee, and also an assistant at five dollars per day. The
collcctoi, Mr. Swartwout, was aHo, in connection with
thom, appointed commissions, but his rate ol compensation
was U-it for (Jon^re*? to detcinuno.
" Messrs. Rmyholt and Jackson were subsequently (by
Mr. Woodbuiy) appointed consulting commissioners, in ad-
dition to the o'ther appointments, but u ithout anj compen-
sation."
Now, I do not state these facts with any view
at all of impeding the passage of this amendment.
On the contrary, I am prepared to go as far as the
Senator from Massachusetts, or any other Sena-
tor on this floor, in the correction of abuses, and
shall vote for his amendment; but I will propose
an amendment to it which 1 am sure will recom-
mend itself to the favorable consideration of the
Senate. The collector at New Orleans, as I said
before, receives a maximum compensation of
$6,409 a year, for which he has given bond. The
surveyor and naval officer receive, for very infe-
rior service—I do not mean that they are gentle-
men in point of respectability and character and
talent at all inferior to the collector, for I think we
have a very good set of custom-house officers at
New Orleans—-$5,000, and their labor is much
less than, and their responsibility is not at all to
be compared to, that of the collector. Now, I ask
if it is right, after a gentleman who has accepted
ail office of high icspoiisibilitv fi om the Govern-
ment, with certain duties imposed upon him which
are sufficiently onerous to occupy the time of any
man, that he should not, when other and very re-
sponsible duties are imposed upon him, receive
some compensation for them ? I do not wish that
compensation to be extravagant. I wish it to be
commensurate with the degree of labor and re-
sponsibility devolved on him. The collector of
New Orleans (and I merely state his case as an
exemplification of all the others) will probably
have to disburse, during the next year, the sum
of five or six hundred thousand dollars—§350,000
for the custom-house, and §250,000, perhaps three
or four hundred thousand dollars, for the marine
hospital.
I ask, is it fair, is it right and equitable, to im-
pose upon him this additional responsibility, and
compel him, as I believe he is compelled by the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts-
he having adopted that of the Senator from Ala-
bama—to give additional bonds to a large amount,
and then to say that he shall discharge all these
duties without any additional compensation? I
had drawn up an amendment—I cannot put my
hand on it at present, but can replace it in a mo-
ment. I will state the substance of it. It is, that
in imposing these duties, a commission not ex-
ceeding one fourth of one per cent., under the
control and direction of the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, should be allowed to these disbursing officers
for the additional responsibility and labor im-
posed upon them. In the case of the collector at
New Orleans, it would probably give him for the
next year twelve hundred and fifty dollars; the
year after it would give him less. Perhaps I un-
derrate the amount of duty imposed upon him,
because he is also the disbursing officer of the
mint. At the same time I wish to say that two
more honoiable and respectable gentlemen, wor-
thy in every respect, do not exist in any part of
the United States than Messrs. Pcnn and La Sere;
and on the part of Mr. La Sere, who happens now
to be accidentally in Washington, I am author-
ized by him to say that he has not the slightest
objection to the passage of this amendment; that,
if he had the honor of holding a scat on the floor
of the Senate, he would very probably vote for
it, as I do. I will assure those gentlemen on the
other side, that, wherever they can point out an
abuse, or suggest any mode by which the ex-
penses of this Government can be reduced, they
will find no more hearty cooperator than they
will in me. I shall move that amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
and I hope he will accept it.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I do not know why the Sen-
ator from Louisiana should have drawn me into
the remarks which he has seen fit to submit upon
the present occasion. He has read or quoted
twice from minutes which he has in his posses-
sion in relation to officers who were appointed at
Bath and Bangor, in the State of Maine. Now,
I have not seen what the reporters said of me the
other day; but if the Senator from Louisiana will
have the interest to look there, he will see that I
stated distinctly, on the occasion to which he re-
ferred, that I thought this was an abuse that had
insensibly grown upon us, and I did not attribute
it m any degree to this Administration.
Mr. SLIDELL. Perhaps I misunderstood the
Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now, sir, I want to allude to
those particular cases with which he has con-
nected my name. One is Bath, where there were
two commissioners appointedat $400 a year each,
making §800 in the aggregate. They alternated,
and received about two dollars and a half a day
each for their services; or, doing duty all the time,
about a dollar and a quarter a day. 1 am free to
confess that I recommended the appointment of
those two officers at that compensation, and if
there is any abuse in that, I am perfectly willing
to share it.
Then, sir, in the case of Bangor, I recom-
mended, I think, at that day, the appointment of
three persons who served as commissioners there,
and who received about $2,000 in all. My recol-
lcction is, they served about three years, or m
other words got about seven hundred dollars each,
they alternating, for three years'service. If there
is any; abuse m that, I am willing to share the re-
sponsibility of it. I ought to state that the com-
missioners appointed at Bath were never paid one
dollar, never one farthing, never one mill; though
