524
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17)
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Kansas—Lecompton Constitution—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
constitution in the Union that does not impose
some restraint as to the manner of change. What
would a constitution be if it were just as liable to
change as any ordinary act of the Legislature ?
It would lose its character. Those who talk to
the people about the unlimited and illimitable
power they possess are teaching a dangerous doc-
trine. That is a sort of sovereignty which the
people cannot exercise. It may be made very
flattering to their ears, but it is impracticable in
the nature of things. It cannot be exercised at
all. The people must exercise their sovereignty
through agencies. They must exercise it through
representatives and governments; they only exer-
cise it safely through constitutions. If they could
not make constitutions bind themselves theirsov-
ereignty never would be safe. If it were not in-
vested in a constitution, it would be constantly
escaping into the hands of some of those gentle-
men who could talk most eloquently to the people
about their irresistible sovereignty. That would be
the end of that sort of sovereignty m the people.
The people must understand that their sover-
eignty, their practical sovereignty, is to be exer-
cised through representatives and delegates, over
whom they are to hold the proper control; and to
hold that control, and to fix and make permanent
and operative their sovereignty, they must put it
in the form of a constitution. That is the only
security for popular sovereignty. Therein it ex-
ists, and therein alone can it exist practically. It
is not true that the people cannot bind themselves,
and are not bound, by the restrictions of their
constitution. They may rebel against their own
constitution; they may violate then own law and
constitution, just as they could violate the law or
constitution of any other people; but it does not
follow that, because they could do that, they have
not created a political obligation on themselves by
a constitution only to amend that instrument in
the guarded, temperate, gradual method which
the constitution may have provided for and pre-
scribed.
Sir, I am sorry to have occupied the time of
the Senate so long. I can say, with the Presi-
dent of the United States, that on tins important
occasion I have endeavored to do my duty, with
a full sense of my responsibility to my God and
to my country. Under the conviction that the
best results to be obtained under the present cir-
cumstances, unless some material amendment can
'be made to the bill, will be attained by rejecting
thus constitution, I shall give my vote against it;
but so anxious am I to conclude tins subject, that
I intend, before it is finally acted upon by the Sen-
ate, to propose an amendment. Tins would be
the proper time to offer it; I am not prepared now
to oiler it; but the effect of it will bo to admitKan-
f?ns in the Union upon condition that this consti-
tution of lieis be submitted to a fair vole of the
qualified electors of Kansas, to be ratified by them;
and if so ratified, tiie IVesident, on information of
the fact, shall proclaim it a State of the Union
without further proceedings; and, if it be not rat-
ified, to have a new constitutional convention con-
vened. My amendment will be an enabling act
in effect, but admitting Kansas for the present.
mr. Crittenden's rejoinder to mr. toombs,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I purpose to occupy a
few moments to correct a mistake which I believe
is rendered necessary by the lemarks of my friend
from Georgia. 1 have listened to him with great
pleasure, and have cause to thank him for much
that he has said.
1 knew, sn, thai Mr. Clay was not the author
of the MiSf>ouu compiomise; I knew that he did
not draw the bill; but I knew from his own dec-
larations in conversation, and in his speeches,
that he did approve and concur in its passage. He
gave it his sanction. He thought there was noth-
ing unconstitutional in it. I have been brought
up m the opinion that it was not only constitu-
tional, but one of the most beneficial acts that had
ever been passed byCongress. It produced you,
sir, a revenue of peace and good-will among the
people of the United States, and that is above
till price. Whatever sanction it may have failed
to derive from the names of the great men who
passed it, it has received abundantly from the
people of the United States, who,for the thirty-
odd years that it rcmamcd on our statute-book,
gave it their approval and support. During all
that period it gave peace to the country. It was
for that I valued it.
I hailed that compromise when it was first made.
I have cherished it ever since. It had become
fixed in my mind, as part and parcel of our polit-
ical system. 1 regarded Mr. Clay, as did the
whole country, as entitled to the credit of that
great measure. And it was for this that his coun-
trymen conferred upon him the proudest and no-
blest of his titles—the pacificator of his country.
Sir, I have not been able to cast away these
impressions. I admit the Supreme Court to be
the great arbiter, as the gentleman asserts, and
while I differ from it, I do not the less admit its
constitutional and supreme power in all the mat-
ters that come within its jurisdiction, and I am
not wanting in confidence and respect for it. But
yet we cannot always yield up our long-settled
convictions, even to the authority of that high tri-
bunal. I find myself now in that condition, and
1 must be permitted to retain the opinion long es-
tablished in my mind, that the Missouri compro-
mise was a constitutional act.
My friend [Mr. Toombs] has said that some
gentlemen seemed disposed to give no confidence
whatever to the action of any of the Territorial
Legislatures of Kansas until they fell into the
hands of the Black Republicans. Certainly he
cannot intend such an imputation for me. [Mr.
Toombs signified by a shake of the head that he
did not.] I regard it merely as the Legislature of
the Territory—the actual Legislature. How its
members may be divided in politics I do not know
nor do I care; nor was it at all material for my
purpose. It is enough for me that it is the Le-
gislature of the Territory, and that it appointed
a vote to be taken upon this constitution on the
4th of January. The vote was taken, and the re-
sult was as reported to us. 1 have heard nothing
to impeach that vote, nor any single fact alleged
against it. The result of it was a majority of ten
thousand against the constitution. Certainly
those ten thousand have at least as good a right
to be claimed against it as the six thousand re-
turned as having voted on the 21st of December,
have to be counted in favor of it. That was my
object. It was to show that there was a majority
against this instrument, and assuming all this ac-
tion to be equally legitimate, the members of the
convention had no more right to order a vote to
be taken by the people on any part of the consti-
tution than the Territorial Legislature had to or-
der an election to be taken on the whole constitu-
tion. Both proceeded from organized recognized
bodies; one the Legislature, the other the conven-
tion. When, therefore, the common appeal is
made to us, and the constitution is brought before
us, it seems to me that we ought equally to take
into consideration both these facts. Furthermore,
I adverted to the evidence going to show that from
the six thousand m favor of the constitution there
were many spurious and fraudulent votes to be
deducted.
Mr. President, I acknowledge that forms are
not only useful, but, in many cases, necessary.
I agree that if at, an election two thirds of the peo-
ple stay away from mere apathy or negligence,
the votes of those who do act, and do vote, must
be effectual, and must control. I agree, also, that
the return is a necessary form, and that the revis-
ion of that return is subject only to the particular
authority appointed for it, and when that is done,
there is an end of the case—because there is no
further tribunal to which an appeal can be taken;
but 1 suppose and argued that when this consti-
tution was presented before us,the supremepower,
called upon now to rccognize the validity of
these acts; called upon to recognize what was the
will of the people, in respect to them—we have a
right to look to all the evidence, as well to that
which is furnished in form as to that which im-
peaches it for fraud.
I have spoken on these conclusions, and I shall
act on them m voting against the acceptance of
this Lecompton constitution. My friend, [Mr.
Toombs,] I have no doubt in perfect sincerity,
regrets that my conclusions have forced me to this
course; but I have followed my convictions,and I
mean to do my duty as I understand it. I confess
it is painful to me to differ with such a friend on
any occasion so important as the present.
Mr. President, I am not wanting, I think, in
those feelings of our nature which connect us with
our neighbors. Although we have a common
country to look to, and ought to have a common
patriotism which would embrace the whole, our
natural affections and our natural feelings bind us
more closely to those with whom we are more
immediately associated, to whom we are more
nearly assimilated in manners, customs, and in-
stitutions—ay, peculiar institutions. I am not
wanting in those sympathies; but what is my
duty as one belonging to a particular section, by
his nativity and by his residence—what is my
duty when a great question of this sort comes up ?
What is my duty to those neighbors, to whom by
natural sympathies and affections I am most
bound? Is it not my duty in this house of our
common councils to give the best counsel and ad-
vice 1 can, or I am to inquire whether this is to
be regarded as a sectional question, and follow
whatever course is indicated by a majority of its
sectional members ? Is it not rather my duty to
my friends to give them the best counsel I can?
I want to see the South always right. How am
I to accomplish that ? By advising always what
my best judgment thinks is right, and endeavor-
ing to prevail upon her to take that course. Is
not that my duty? Is not that my duty to my
common country; and more especially is it not
my duty to those with whom circumstances more
nearly connect me ? I have done that. I should
have been gratified if the South had taken the
same view of this subject that I have. I am sure
she would have lost nothing by it. The question
of slavery is not in the case. I think there is not
one gentleman here who entertains the hope that
Kansas can ever be really a slave State. If it be
made so, it will continue only for a moment—a
little feverish moment, filled up with strife and
angry controversy. No gentleman here believes
it will really and permanently be a slave State.
There is nothing, then, to be gained by the South,
as I regard the subject. The element of slavery
is only thrown in for the purpose of arousing feel-
ing on the one side or the other. It is no real ele-
ment in the question before us, because no man
has any hope that Kansas will bo a slave State.
We learn that from every source. The hope of
it was disclaimed before the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was passed; that view is now turned into con-
viction by all that has occurred since; and there
is nobody who deceives himself so much, or
would deceive the South so much, as to tell her
that Kansas will be made a slave State by the
adoption of this constitution, except it maybe for
that miserable and feverish period to which I have
alluded, and which would be filled up in a strug-
gle that could serve only to exasperate parties,
and make the contest there more fierce than it has
been.
If the South could have taken the view of the
case which 1 have taken, it seems to me it would
have been better for her. Then she would say,
" the South scorns to take advantage of the little
circumstances that might enable her to press
her claims upon a reluctant and unwilling people
—press the claim to impose slavery against their
will; we snatch at no such accidental advantages;
we see that the question is determined partly by
climate, and more certainly and decisively by the
majority of the people; the determination has been
against slavery; we stand up in our justice and in
our honor always untarnished, and constituting
our great strength as Commonwealths and States;
and we say we will make no strife about it." If
this element of slavery could be discharged out of
the case, put out of our minds, put out of our de-
bates, and we could look at this question as it is
presented to us, I think there is no one here who
would be willing to give his sanction to an instru-
ment which is so stained with fraud, and so man-
ifestly in violation of the rights of the people of
Kansas.
Why need we of the South be impatient and
anxious to hasten the admission of Kansas into
the Union? Whatever constitution you put upon
them now will not last; but you will have two Sen-
ators immediately from there. Should the South
be in a hurry to have two more such Senators
here as you would now get from there ? But these
are small matters. If the South could view this
subject as I do; if they could have looked at this
