1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
mm
mise. We have been steadily and earnestly en-
deavoring to secure to the people of Kansas this
right, and have, throughout the contest, been op-
posed by three formidable powers—alarge portion
of the citizens of Western Missouri, the Army of
the United States, and the Democratic party, led
by none more ably than the Senator from Illinois.
We are happy, sir, that our principles are now
approved by very many citizens of Missouri—that
we do not fear the Army—and that we shall here-
after have the benefit of the votes and influence, as
well as of the theories, of a large portion of the
Democratic party.
But, sir, it must be understood that the Repub-
lican party stands now where it has stood from
the beginning. While we maintain the power of
Congress over the Territories, yet, ever since this
power was so unwisely surrendered in the organ-
ization of the Territory of Kansas, we have felt
that, from the character of the Senate, this power
could not be exercised until Kansas would apply
for admission as a State; and therefore we ac-
cepted the contest before the people. We have
steadily maintained that the popular will must not
be defeated by fraud and violence. We have per-
sistently demanded a fair vote,a fair election, and
have shown conclusively that in such an event
the contest in Kansas would be settled as we
wish it settled—in favor of free institutions.
But it was obvious from the beginning that
those who provoked this contest would not sub-
mit to the will of the people. While proclaiming
popular sovereignty they uniformly overthrew it
by fraud and violence. On the other hand, the Re-
publicans in Kansas, while insisting on the power
of Congress, uniformly demanded a fair election,
and only resisted a palpable usurpation. The
first legislative election was held on the 30th day
of March, 1855. Both parties were prepared to
contest it at the polls. There were then but two
thousand nine hundred and five legal voters in the
Territory, scattered over a large region of coun-
try, and, as was conclusively shown by proof,
these electors would, if left to their undisturbed
choice, have sent to each branch of the Assembly
a majority in favor of free institutions. They
would have practically reenacted the Missouri
restriction, so far as Kansas was concerned, and
thus have practically restored this question to
where it was prior to 1854. But to defeat this re-
sult, and no other, (for no other motive could have
induced the act,) an organized movement was set
on foot in Western Missouri. It was gathered
in secret lodges; and assuming the form of a mil-
itary force, it invaded the Territory of Kansas.
Companies of men were arrayed in irregular par-
ties and sent into every council district in the
Territory, and into every representative district
but one. They went to vote, and with the avowed
design to make Kansas a slave State.
I do not propose to spend any time in detailing
events so familiar to the country, and so disgrace-
ful to our national honor. It is sufficient to say
that the poll-books of the election show that six
thousand three hundred and seven votes were
cast; and that of these only eight hundred and
ninety-eight are shown on the census rolls as legal
voters. Four thousand nine hundred and seven
were proved to be residents of Missouri. The res-
idence of aboutfive hundred was not conclusively
shown, but many of them were no doubt settlers
who had arrived in the Territory after the census
was taken. By these means the candidates voted
for by theMissourians, many of whom were then
citizens of Missouri, were thrust upon the people
of Kansas as a Legislative Assembly, armed with
all the power conferred upon the people by the
organic law. It was a usurpation, sir, which it
was the highest patriotism to war against with
every means with which the God of^nature has
furnished a free people. It was a declaration of
war, to resist which the law of nations and the
right of self-preservation authorized the use of
stratagem, artifice, and open force.
These principles are recognized in Grotius, the
highest authority on the law of nations, and are
necessary for the maintenance of republican in-
stitutions. And, sir, the people have only been
restrained by prudence and the power wielded by
the national Executive. Submission was out of
the question. I regard it as the highest compli-
ment I can pay that people, that, from the 3Uth
of March, 1855, to this hour, they have never
thought of submission; but have, in various ways,
resisted and paralyzed the usurpation, and have
now completely overthrown it. The only fault
I have to find with them is, that they hesitated to
avail themselves of even the forms of bogus law
to overthrow the substance. In a war like that
inaugurated on the 30th of March, I would not
chaffer about the means, but keep only in view
the great principle of our fathers, that resistance
to tyranny is submission to God. Amidst all the
denunciation that has been heaped upon the free-
State men of Kansas, I desire to record my firm
conviction that they have, by their prudence and
courage in resisting and overthrowing usurpation,
done more to secure our republican institutions
against fraud and violence than any oilier portion
of the people of the United States since the form-
ation of our Government. They exemplified the
declaration of the Kansas committee, that " it
is not to be tolerated that a legislative body thus
elected should assume or exercise any legislative
functions; an d thei r enactments should be regarded
as null and void."
Sir, they never were of any practical force,
and from the beginning have been met with an
open, organized resistance. If you attempt to
continue them, by adopting this constitution, you
must prepare to enforce them by arms, and by a
contest in which every principle of your Govern-
ment, and every aspiration of liberty, will be
against you.
There are but three modes of resistance, all of
■which have been resorted to. The first was the
organization of a government emanating directly
from the people, and in hostility to the usurpa-
tion. - This was commenced immediately after
the invasion, by a memorial to Congress. But
as this body was not in session, steps were soon
taken to organize a State government, piepfira-
tory to admission into the Union as a State. The
first general meeting of the people was held at
Lawrence, on the 15th of August, 1855, and was
followed by other popular assemblies. These
resulted in the election of members of a consti-
tutional convention, which met at Topeka on the
23d of October, and framed a State Constitution.
This proceeding, like any other eii'ort of the peo-
ple to form a State government, was necessarily
inoperative until it received the sanction of Con-
gress; and was so regarded by those who took
part in it. It was, however, regular and fair—
every stage of it receiving the sanction of the
people. From that time to this it has continued
by regular elections; and now, when the usurpa-
tion has passed away, is in session, and may pro-
nounce the requiem of its adversary. The ap-
plication for admission was presented to Congress,
and after full debate and examination a bill ad-
mitting Kansas as a State under the constitution
adopted at Topeka, passed this House on the 3d
of July, 185G, by a vote of 99 yeas to 97 nays,
but was defeated in the Senate.
The Topeka movement always kept within the
bounds of law. While it acted in open defiance
of what was called bogus laws—namely, the en-
actments of the usurping Legislative Assembly—
it scrupulously respected the acts of Congress.
Its proceedings were only to take effect in case the
application for admission as a State was granted
by Congress. If, however, the bogus laws had
been generally enforced, a code of laws would
have been adopted under the Topeka constitution,
and o collision would have been inevitable. This
was known to Governor Walker and the pro-
slavery leaders, and tend.ed much to check any
attempt to enforce the bogus laws.
Another mode of resisting this usurpation was
by a refusal to pay taxes, or to obey the alleged
laws in any way. This mode of resistance to
tyranny is a familiar one in the history of every
free Government. Hampden refused to pay ship
money, and although afacile judiciary held it legal,
yet his steady resistance contributed to the over-
throw of Charles 1. Our revolutionary fathers
refused to recognize the claim of Parliament to
levy taxes upon its colonies, and entered into non-
] importation agreements and virions other meas-
| urcs to defeat the taxes, before the final resort to
| war. And so successful were the people of Kan*
I sas in this mode of resistance, that, to this day,
i the amount of taxes collected would not pay half
| the expenses of the collection; and it is said that
! many of the activc agents of the usurpation have
1 impoverished themselves in the vain effort to en-
1 fores the law. In most eivil contests the judges are
the subservient tools of the executive power.-Such
was the case in the revolutions in England, and
in our own revolutionary straggle. ' Such has re-
peatedly been the case under the Constitution .of
the United States. The judges in Kansas are no
exception to the rule. They are appointed by the
President, hold their office at his pleasure, and
uniformly upheld the worst acts of the usurpa-
tion. But in vain did they exercise their judioial
power to enforce the bogus laws. ■ ,
The only mode by which those laws could-be
enforced was by the employment of United States
troops. The military power was the only effect-
ive instrument. Shannon, Woodson, Geary,and
Walker, as Governors of Kansas, were in turn
compelled to acknowledge that they could not en-
force the laws except by the troops. Other means
were tried in vain. A call by a civil officer for
a posse comitatus only brought to his aid the citi-
zens of an adjoining State. In two important
instances—in December, 1855, and in September,
1856—the strange spectacle was presented of
armed bodies of men marching from Missouri into
Kansas, to aid in enforcing alleged laws in Kansas
which the people of that Territory repudiated and
resisted with open force. This singular proceed-
ing, ifit had been persisted in, would have lit up
the flames of civil war from one end of the Union
to the other. Although the contest was unequal,
the people of Kansas never yielded to this inva,-
sive force; and ip all cases the invaders made a
sullen retreat without accomplishing their pur-
poses. But wherever the troops of the United
States appeared,then the people could yield with-
out dishonor. However excited, they never re-
sisted the majesty of the United States Govern-
ment r
The submission was to the United States au-
thorities, but never to the usurpation. The only
government existing in Kansas was a military
government, and the usurpation was utterly over-
thrown by the voluntary action of the people,ex-
cept so far as itwas sustained by military power.
That such was the condition of affairs in Kansas
is shown fully by the documents submitted to us
by the President.
Governor Geary, in his letter to the President,
of November 22, 185C, says:
" When I ui lived here the entire Territory was declared
by the acting Governor to be in a state of insurrection; the
civil authority was powerless, and so complicated by par-
tisan affiliations as to be without capacity to vindicate the
majesty of the law, and restore the broken peace."
Governor Walker, in hie letter to the Secretary
of State, of July SO, 1857, says:
"There is imminent danger, unless the territorial gov-
ernment is su.-tamed by a lar<je body of the troops of the
tinned States, that, lor ail practical purposes, it will be over-
thrown or reduced to a couditton of absolute imbecility. I
am constrained, thcieiore, to ln'oun you that, with a view
to sustain the authority ot the United States in this Tem-
toiy, it is; imlnpc -ablV necessary that we should have im-
mediately stationed at Foit Leavenworth at lean two thou-
sand regular uoop<, and that Goneial Harney should be re-
tained in command. These troops, as far as practicable,
should consist mainly of diagoons, as celerity of movement
to diffoumt point-? is very lmp-ntunt. We should aNo have
at lea^t two batteries, including Sherman's battery now at
Foil Snellmg." * * * * * * *
k' Puimit me, before closing this communication, to renew
mv statement that such is the revolutiouaiy condition of
affairs in Kan^ay, that the territorial government is in im-
minent (laiigci of overthiow, il I am not sustained by at
lea*-t two thousand tioops, chiefly dragoons, and two "bat-
tel les. The presence ot such a body of troops would prob-
ably picvent a conflict."
Again, in his letter of August 3d, 1§57# he
urges a reinforcement to the already large body
of troops in the Territory:
viIl w now, liowevei, clearly ascertained that, but for
this prompt movement of the troop- to Lawrence, insurrec-
tionary local governments, by towns, cities, and counties,
would have been organized ero this throughout tfteTerji-
tory* Toe spmt of liiaiurection, of ie?tstancc to the laws,
and to the territoual government, still pervades Kansas,
and manifests itself in their new?'papei3, in violent ha-
rangues, m the Giirollmentanddiilhugoftheir tioops,and in
open tlnvats for the use of the in.-urgent forces at the Octo-
ber election. Menaces, indeed, have boon made in the most
public manner, to drive the constitutional conveiuion by
foice in September next fioin Lecompton. Under these cir-
cumstances, it becomes my duty to renew my lequesr, so
often made, that two thousand regular troops, chiefly mount-
ed mf:n, should be i-ent immediately into Kansas, together
with two batteries."
The Secretary of State, by his letter of Sep-
tember 1, 1857, acknowledges the necessity of
military force:
" 11 earn from him [the Secretary ofWnr] that, in addition
to the four companies now in Kansas, eighteen companies
are on the march for that Territory, and that fourteen other
companies have been ordered lor tho samo destination,
