1858.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. of Reps.
constitution and the circumstances from which it
had its origin, and those which attend it, as I do;
they would have acted the very part which I have
indicated; they would take no ignoble advantage;
they would occupy no ignoble position of stand-
ing upon little points and nice estoppels. No, sir,
the South would say—it is in her character, in
her spirit to say so—we go upon great principles,
and we go for the truth. Occupying that posi-
tion, she would have stood proudly erect, with
justice and honor seated upon her brow. That
is her natural and accustomed attitude, and in that
attitude I love to contemplate her. l
Sir, gentlemen of the South from whom it is
my misfortune to differ on this occasion, will do
me great injustice to suppose that it was my pur-
pose, in anything I have said, to question or im-
pugn the purity of their motives. They but fol-
low their honest convictions, as I follow mine. I
have endeavored to perform my duty as a Sena-
tor belonging to the same section; my opinion and
advice have been given frankly and independently;
but I hope without any presumption. 1 devoutly
hope that whatever measure be adopted, though
contrary to my opinion, may turn out to be that
which is most beneficial to our country."'I choose
to be in the wrong, rather than that my country
should suffer from my error.
I am neither of the Democratic nor of the Re-
publican party. I wear no party shackles. I am
here as the Senator of " Old Kentucky"—brave
and noble old Commonwealth. My ambition is
to act in her spirit and by her inspiration. I did
not come here to act in the character of a partisan.
Long service and experience in public affairs have
divested me of much of the misconception, the
prejudice and passion that belong to the partisan;
and upon lately taking my seat here, probably in
the last term of my public service, it was my in-
tention and my hope to act rather the part of a
patriot than that of a party man.
I am a true son of the South; may prosperity
fill all her borders, and sunshine forever rest upon
her head! But for all this, I do riot love the
Union the less. I am a true citizen of the United
States; I claim the whole of it as my great coun-
try; and for the preservation of that Union which
makes it so, I will always be ready to say and to
do whatever in me lies. It is in this spirit, sir,
that I have endeavored humbly to do my duty—
my duty to the South, and my duty to the whole
country.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
SPEECH OF HON. J. LETCHER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 12, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LETCHER said:
Mr. Chairman": Jn the discussion which took
place some days since between the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and myself, 1 then stated
to the committee that \ would seek some suitable
occasion between that time and the close of this
session of Congress to present my views fully on
the interesting subject of Government expendi-
tures. His speech exhibited all the evidences of
careful preparation, and is interspersed with ta-
bles of figures that must have cost him immense
labor in their construction. Without a moment's
preparation, and without even the advantage of
hearing the entire speech, I was called upon by
several of my political friends to reply Under,
these circumstances, I entered into the debate, and
amid constant interruptions from the gentleman
himself, and several others, replied briefly to some
of the leading positions which he had assumed.
The speech, which was doubtless intended for
general circulation, as a campaign document, pre-
paratory to the elections that will take place this
fall, demands, fiom its ability and ingenuity, a
more elaborate reply than it was in my power
then to make.
This speech, and others made in the latter part
of this session, gives reason to believe that the
questions which divided parties in other days are
again to be revived. Since the adjustment of the
Kansas controversy, and its removal from the
congressional Halls, gentlemen in this and the
other end of the Capitol have directed their atten-
tion to subjects of more practical importance and
of more immediate interest to the people. In
the past two months our discussions have been
mainly confined to questions within the range of
legitimate congressional action. Questions of a
financial character and bearing; the tariff and its
revision; the disposition of the public lands and
their proceeds; the comprehensive subject of in-
ternal improvements; the best mode of raising rev-
enue to defray the expenses of the Government,
and the purposes and objects to which it should
be applied; and last, but'by no means least in im-
portance, our relations with foreign Governments
—these now furnish the topics for speeches and
claim from us that consideration which has been
too long withheld from them, and too often directed
to exciting sectional questions, mischievous in
their tendency and ruinous to the peace, pros-
perity, and fraternity of the people who constitute
the States and organized Territories of this great
nation. These things indicate a return to the
policy of the earlier and better days of the Repub-
lic—those days in which Representatives of the
people legislated practically within the limits of
the Constitution; exhibiting that manly patriotism
whichembraced the whole Union and its interests,
and repudiated all attempts to interfere with the
rights and institutions of the States. They re-
cognized and acted upon the doctrine—the Union
of the States is secure so long as the rights of the
States are respected. I trust most sincerely that
these indications are not deceptive, and that they
presage a calm and happy future, when sectional
controversy and strife shall be banished from the
national councils.
The bill now under consideration proposes a
loan of $15,000,000, which is absolutely necessary
to enable the Government to meet its obligations.
The gentleman from Ohio admits the necessity of
the measure; admits that the Government must
have the amount provided for in this bill, or the
obligations incurred cannot be met as they ma-
ture. Yet, strange to say, he avows his opposi-
tion to the only feasible measure that has been or
that can be presented to furnish the means required
to sustain the credit of the Government! After
voting with a vast majority of his party friends to
create this necessity—after a formal complaint
that we would not increase the expenditures by
voting $1,500,000 to the improvement of rivers
and haibors in the Northwest—he now comes for-
ward to resist the passage of a bill to furnish the
means required to meet the appropriations made
by the two Houses of Congress. The policy of that
side of the House seems to be to voteexpenditures,
and then refuse the means to meet them—to impose
burdens on the Government, and then repudiate
all the measures proposed for its relief. I antici-
pated such a result, and hence it was that 1 have
on several occasions during the session proposed
to ingraft upon the bills a section providing fur a
loan sufficient to cover the expenditures provided
for in each. It is my deliberate opinion now that
such a section should have been ingrafted upon
all the appropriation bills, and then those who
voted the expenditure would have been compelled
to take the responsibility of providing the means
to pay the sums appropriated. The House, how-
ever, did not concur m this opinion, and hence it
is that many of the most liberal voters for expend-
itures of money will now refuse to give then-
support to this bill. If it shall fail, these appro-
priations must lemain unsatisfied, until it shall
please Congress to provide the necessary means.
Neither the President nor the Secretary of the
Treasury has authority or power to furnish the
money for that purpose beyond the provision
made by the Treasury note bill, and the accruing
revenue from customs and lands.
The gentleman charges that on the 1st day of
July last there was a surplus of $17,710,114 in the
Treasury, and that Congress has already granted
$20,000,000 of Treasury notes, making an ag-
gregate sum of means of $37,710,114 in a single
year, which, together with the currcnt revenue,
has all been expended by this profligate Adminis-
tration. These facts, in his opinion make out a
clear and undeniable case of extravagance against
the party in power. Accompany mcin the inves-
tigation of these facts, and we will ascertain the
precise weight to be given to the charge.
The Secretary of the Treasury informs us in
his annual report that the public debt amounted
on the 1st of July last to the sum $29,060,386 90,
and since that time the sum of $3,895,232 39
of the debt has been ^redeemed. This sum,
then, is to be deducted from the surplus in the
Treasury at the date fixed by the gentleman from
Ohio. Making this deduction, we have the sum
of §13,814,881 61, instead of the sum with which
we are charged in the account as stated by him;
or, in other words, an error within a fraction of
$4,000,000. Now add the $20,000,000 ofTreasury
notes authorized by the act of this session, and
we have the gross sum of $33,814,881 61, instead
of $37,710,114. Deduct the amount contained in
the deficiency bills, stated by the gentleman to be
$11,201,708, and we shall then have a balance of
$22,613,173 61.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask whether the pres-
ent Administration can, with even a show of rea-
son or justice, beheld responsible, by its bitterest
enemy, for the expenditure this year of a dollar
beyond the amount of the deficiency bills, which
we have passed? The remaining $22,613,173 61
is the unavoidable result of paying for the legisla-
tion of the last Congress, of which the gentleman
from Ohio was a leading member. The Speaker
of the House in that Congress belonged to the
Opposition. An Opposition majority controlled
and directed the legislation. A Committee of
Ways and Means, Opposition by two to one,
reported the appropriation bills, and that Opposi-
tion are responsible to the country for the expend-
itures of the present fiscal year,expiring on the
30th day of this month.
The gentleman then proceeds to give us the
items that are embraced in the deficiency bills
passed at the present session, and charges that the
extravagance of the Administration has rendered
the passage of those deficiency bills necessary.
He presents the following table of items, to which
I invite the attention of the committee:
Sound dues by treaty with Denmark  $333,011
Printing deficiency already passed  341,188
Balance of printing deficiency for this year (esti-
mated)  600,000
Miscellaneous      37.'},318
Army deficiency     7,92o,000
Post Office deficiency  1,469,173
$11,041,690
The first item charged against the present Ad-
ministration, m thegentleman's table, is $333,011,
for the Sound dues, by treaty with Denmark.
This treaty was negotiated by the last Admin-
istration, and, as no appropriation was made to
meet its stipulations, the duty was devolved upon
the present Congress of furnishing the money
required to fuliill its provisions. Can it be pre-
tended thatthis item furnishes evidence to prove
the extravagance of the present Administration ?
Was it not our duty to execute that treaty fully,
fairly, and justly, to the letter? There cannot be
two opinions on that point. The npxt item is the
printing deficiency of $34] ,188. The legislation
of the last Congress imposed upon the country
the debt for printing, and the duty of paying this
debt has been devolved upon us. Will the gen-
tleman pretend that the Administration is in any
sense, or to any extent, responsible for this ex-
penditure? They had no agency in contracting
the debt; but it came down to them as a burden
imposed upon them by the Republican House,
over which N. P. Banks presided as Speaker.
The next item is an i( estimated" printing deficien-
cy for this year of $600,000, which, if H is to be
provided for, is needed to pay the debts entailed
upon us mainly by the last House. Why was
the prmtingordered by the Opposition ? Did they
not know when it was ordered that it would have
to be paid for, and as it was ordered by the Op-
position—the gentleman's friends in the House—
with what propriety can they now arraign us for
providing the means to pay for it, if we shall be
compelled to do so 3 Neither the Administration
or its friends in this House can be held responsible
for it. But will such a sum have to be paid ? I
apprehend not, as our action shows that we have
only appropriated m the sundry civil bill the sum
of |316,OOU for this purpose. Here, then, is an-
