1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1563
' telegraphs extending from the s«at of operations
to the seat of Government, in France and in Rus-
sia? How many lives and how much money
may have been saved by means of these instanta-
neous communications, it is not possible to tell.
But, sir, let me suppose a case. Here is your
army in Utah, weeks, almost months from com-
munication with the seat of Government. An ope-
ration is going on which requires additional troops.
How can the Government know it? An operation
may be carried on by which, perhaps, the war
may come to an end. How can the Government
know that? They may, in the mean time, start
on another army, and they may contract for all the
supplies to be transported over these barren plains
to Utah, costing hundreds of thousand, ay, mil-
lions upon millions of dollars, and the contracts be
entered into for transportation, when, if they had
this instantaneous communication from the seat
of war it would be wholly unnecessaryr
I look upon this measure not only as one which
may be very beneficial if this war is actually to
be prosecuted, but as a postal measure, or as a
means of communication from one side of the con-
tinent to the other. I believe that it would pay
the actual expenses. I know that the fears which
have been expressed and entertained by many
that our country was at some time to be divided
and dissolved, have been based on the idea of our
very great territorial expansion; that we were in
danger of falling to pieces in consequence of the
very size of our empire and our territory. ^ But,
sir, my hope has been based, and my faith is
fixed upon this, that the construction of railroads,
the use of steam communication in every form,
and above all that wonder of modern wonders, the
lightning-speaking telegraph, which makes instant
communication between the most distant parts
of our Confederacy, is binding us together, and
making neighbors of Boston and New Orleans,
New York and San Francisco; and although our
empire is expanded from ocean to ocean,and may
still expand until it covers the whole North Amer-
ican continent, yet if we make use of the means
which are placed in our hands of railroads and
steam communications and telegraphs, we may
be actually nearer together than were our fathers
in the days of the Revolution. For one, I do not
believe that it is wisdom on our part to deny to
the Government the use of these modern and won-
derful discoveries which produce that result.
Mr. President, if this bill could be laid over for
a more careful investigation, for more careful es-
timates to be made of the actual expense which
is necessary to bo incurred to establish this tele-
graphic line to Utah, thus far on the way towards
California, I still believe, notwithstanding the ad-
verse opinions I have heard expressed here, that
a majority of the Senate might be disposed to pass
a bill appropriating the sum actually necessary for
that purpose. If this sum, as stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, is ten times as much
as it ought to be, or as is necessary to construct
the line, let the sum be reduced. But, if we are
to have a war with Utah and the people of Utah,
let us have the means of instantaneous communi-
cation, as far as is practicable, with the army
there in its operations; and, in my opinion, though
the telegraphic line should cost us a large sum of
money—perhaps a quarter of a million—in the
end, when we come to carry on this war, and pros-
ecute it to a termination, it will be an economy
in the saving of money, of time, and of men.
Mr. HATiFi. I did not suppose that I should
ever get out of patience with the Senate, but I
confess this Utah war comes very nearly doing it.
I thought it had answered its puipose when we
had gol the additional volunteers; 1 thought the
Utah war had answered what was expected of it,
and we should not hear of it again; but it has got
here now to help this telegraph along. I have de-
nied always, and I deny now, that there is any
Utcih war, or any prospect of it. There has not
been a drop of blood shed. Brigham Young has
/ been making proclamations and marrying wives
—that is the whole of it. There is no more re-
sistance now than there was years ago; no more
war with Utah than there is with New Hamp-
shire, and no danger of it. If there is any danger
of it, I think I know a schoolmistress to whom I
used to go to school when I was a boy, who had
better be sent there, and she could quell the in-
surrection by peaceable agencies, and do every-
thing required better than your Army,
I beg gentlemen to confine themselves to facts,
and not go into the region of fancy, talking about
this Utah war. It has no existence, never had,
never will have. You cannottalk awar up here.
The Administration, when the Army bill was up,
kept insisting that they did not want a reinforce-
ment for Utah, and we kept insisting that they
did. Everybody that spoke was speaking about
an emergency that he was going to give troops for, !
and the Administration was saying there was no
emergency, and they did not want them, but we
insisted that there was an emergency, and that
they should have them. Well, sir, they got them.
The emergency answered the purpose; and now
Brigham Young is coming in to be another scare-
crow to build this telegraph, and Heaven only
knows what next. I think there is a bill—I do
not know that there is a bill, but there is a prop-
osition to vote twelve additional sloops-of-war,
and I will bet you that Brigham Young will be
tacked on to that. [Laughter.] We shall be told
of the extraordinary emergencies of this Utah war
and this rebellion of BrighamYoung, by which
there is a necessity for additional sloops, with
which to storm Salt Lake, or something of that
sort. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from New
Hampshire allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. He brought in a resolution
himself a few days ago providing for putting full
steam power into the ship Franklin. That is his
own proposition to increase the Navy. Perhaps
the Utah war may be tacked on to that. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HALE. I am obliged to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs; but he is not ex-
actly accurate. I simply introduced a resolution
of inquiry asking for information. I have not
introduced a resolution proposing to do what the
Senator from Florida suggests, but I hope to have
his aid in favor of doing it; and I will tell you
why: the ship Franklin, to which he has made
allusion, is pronounced by officers of all grades
from every section who have seen her, to be the
finest model of a ship of war in the world. The
men whn have built, and who have been instru-
mental in building this fine model, think that, as
the Government has been to such enormous ex-
pense in building the finest ship in the world, she
had better be floated than be rotting under cover
in the dock. So much for the ship Franklin; and
I hope to have the aid of the Senator when that
comes up. But, sir, that is wide of my present
purpose.
I differ with great reluctance from gentlemen for
whom I have so much respect ay I have for my
friends from Massachusetts and Wisconsin. 1
defer to their superior judgment; I defer to the
military reputation, of the distinguished general
I from Massachusetts; but, sir, 1 pretend to know
i as much about Mormon ism as he does, [laughter,]
: and I do not believe there is any sort of necessity
i for lug^iiiir Brigham Young in here. If it is to
i be continued, I shall ask foi an amendment to the
i lules of the Senate, providing that the name of
' Brigham Young shall not be brought into every
i measure, but that it shall be limited to a certain
1 number of days, or a certain number of measures.
, [Laughter ]
i To be seiious, sir, there is no earthly use, there
! can be none, for this as a war measure. We have
i got no war, as I have said, and we shall have none;
i and besides, if we had, I concur in the mterroga-
i tory proposed by the Senator from Maine, what
i good is it going to do ? T
j Mr. IVEilSON. Will the Senator from New
! Hampshire allow me to interrupt him for a single
moment ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator has just asserted
! that we have no war with Utah or with theMor-
! mons. The bill .which passed both Houses of
I Congress—I do not know whether the Senator
voted for it or not—authorizing the President to
receive into the service three regiments of volun-
teers, does in express terms recognize that there
is war in Utah.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; and I was finding fault
with that very bill for containing that very no
t matter what. That, is what I said, that we m-
: sisted murgmgupon the Administiation that there
I was an emergency, and that they wanted troops
for the emergency, when there was no such thing
in existence. It is not the first time that an act
of Congress has undertaken to create a fact. I
remember that there was an actof Congress which
declared that war existed by the act of Mexico;
but did anybody on earth believe it? No, sir.
But the next session after the ac.t was passed,
Mr. Polk, Presidentof the United States, tried to
make himself believe it; and he reiterated it more
than twelve times in his message, that war ex-
isted by the act of Mexico. It did not. I knew
it; the country knew it; everybody knew it; no-
body knew it better than Mr. Polk. The war did
not exist by the act of Mexico, but, as Mr. Cal-
houn said on the floor of the Senate, it required
an extraordinary degree of blundering on the part
of the Administration to get intothat war. Well,
sir, extraordinary as was the degree of blunder-
ing that was necessary to get into the war with
Mexico, it will require a vastly greater degree of
blundering to get into a war with Utah. It will
take more than one act of Congress to do it; and
if Mr. Buchanan puts it into his message next
December twenty-four times instead of twelve, it
will not be true nevertheless.
I am opposed to this bill entirely, as a war
measure. Then what good is it to do as a postal
measure ? Who is to regulate the other end of
the wire after the war is over ? We are treating
these people, if there is a war, as enemies ana
outlaws, and yet we are establishing a telegraphic
communication to their capital. I am opposed
to it on every possible consideration upon which
it can be urged, and on any possible argument
that can be hrought to favor it. As a war meas-
ure, as a postal measure, as a measure of econ-
omy, as a measure of peace, or as a measure of
war, I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will not detain the Sen-
ate, sir; but I desire to say that I am decidedly in
favor of this measure, whether we are to have a
war or not; but the argument, in my opinion, is
conclusive in favor of it, in the event that there
are to be hostilities in Utah. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks who is to have the other
end of the wire? I take it for granted we should
have both ends of the line. The telegraph will
be laid down as far as our troops are operating,
and will enable us to communicate in all days
and at all hours of the day, between the capital
and the army. I believe it would pay for itself,
if there arc to be hostilities there, during one y ear.
It would pay for itself many times over, simply
as a war measure; and when peace comes it cer-
tainly will bo very useful. This telegraph line
will extend half way to the Pacific, and I take it
for granted the other half will be supplied very
soon, and give us immediate means of commu-
nication for commercial and all other purposes,
with the Pacific.
I look upon it as a great and wise measure of
statesmanship, whether we regard it in reference
to peace or to war. 1 believe there will be more
practical results, with a less expendi ture of money5,
than from any other equal appropriation this Con -
gross can make. I will not now attempt to go
into debate to answer the arguments urged against
the bill. I was called away frem the Senate, and
have not been able to hear the arguments, except
the concluding remarks of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I wish I knew what they were. I
cannot imagine the ground of objection to the pas-
sage of the bill. I nad hoped it would be passed
unanimously, and even without debate, as being
one of those measures which commended them-
selves to the judgment of all men in ihe .Senate.
I will not aigue it, nor occupy time. I only wish
to say thus much, in order to express my hearty
approval of this bill.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I concur in many
of the criticisms made on this bill by the Senator
from Arkansas; 1 think the bill needs a great deal
of amendment and perfection; but I disagree to
what has been said by a great majority of the Sen-
ators who have spoken on the idea that it is either
an idle or a preposterous scheme. I think there
are great merits m the proposition.
Now, sir,sI am of opinion that you will either
have a war very soon wiLh the Mormons, or you
will have the matter to end in a farce. If it is to
end in a farce, what are you to do with the two
regiments of volunteers and the dozen regiments
of regulars you are sending there r If you had a
telegraph from here to Colonel Johnston, you
