1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The House having made
House bill No. 478, to establish an auxiliary guard
for the protection of public and private property
in the city of Washington, q,pd repealing all acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject, and
having subsequently also made Senate bill No.
233, for the same purpose, a special order from
day to day till disposed of, after a certain other
bill was disposed of, these two bills are now be-
fore the committee.
Mr. GOODE. The Senate bill having passed
the ordeal of that body, and the matter having
been maturely considered by the Senate—the pro-
visions of the House bill disapproved by them
having been stricken out, and others, which have
met their favorable consideration, having been in-
serted—it appears to me that it would be a saving
of time to take up the Senate bill. I therefore pro-
pose that course.
Mr. LEITER. I object, and propose to take
up the House bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It i3 a question to be de-
cided by the committee.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
j. Glancy Jones and Nichols were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
bill was taken up and read, as follows:
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
there be established an auxiliary guard, or watch, for the
protection of persons and property, and for the onfoi cement
of the police regulations of the city of Washington, to con-
sist of a chief at an annual salary of $2,000, one captain at
an annual salary of ,<$1,200, tour lieutenants at an annual
salary of $800 cnch, anci one hundred men at an annual sal-
ary of $600 each, to be paid monthly. To serve during the
night, and in the day tune when specially ordered to do so.
The chief of the auxiliary guard shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen -
ate; and the captains, lieutenants, and men shall be ap-
pointed by the chief, with the approval of the Sucrcuaiy of
the Interior, and may be dismissed by the chief at his pleas-
uie, or upon the order of the said Secretary.
Sec. 2. Andbcit further enacted, Thai the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size; and the said chief is also authorized and em-
powered to establish guard-houses at such points m the city
of Washington as he may designate, subject, however, to
the approval of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of
Washington, the district attorney for the District of Colum-
bia, the marshal of the said District, and the chief of the
auxiliary guard, are hereby authorized and required to make
and establish rules and regulations for the government of
said guard, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the '
Interior. |
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of :
$10,00 ( be, and the same is hereby, appropuated annually 1
as a contingent fund, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, to carry out the purposes of
this act in the suppression of crime and detection of crim-
inals in the city ol Washington.
Sec. 5. Jind be it Jurther enacted, That each member of
the guard shall be required to wear a uniform dress at all
houis when on duty, and on his hat. or cap, or breast, such
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at all times, day and night, shall wear an official
badge ; and said uniforms, badges, and numbers, hereby re-
quired to be worn, shall be prescribed by the chief, and shall
be made public in the newspapers of Washington for one
month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter be
Changed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relating to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or guard, be, and the same .
are hereby, repealed. This section to take effect so soon as !
the chief shall report to the Secretary of the interior that :
he has thnty men enrolled and readv for duty.
Seo. 7. Jindbext farther enacted, That the sum of money
necessary to carry this act into effect, not to exceed .$75,000,
be, and the same hereby \s, appropriated out of any money
in the Tieasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
offered by Mr. Dqdd, was then read, as follows :
A bill to establish an efficient police for the city of Wash-
ington.
That the boards of the city council of the city of Wash-
ington shall forthwith appoint commissioners of election,
according to the charter of said city, who shall, on four days'
notice after the passage of this act, hold an election for the
choice of four commissioner of police, m manner follow-
ing • At such election each voter of the city of Washing-
ton '•hail vole for two persons for commissioners of police,
and no ballot shall b<; counted that contains more than two
names; ami the four persons having the highest number of
votes shall be declared ejected, and two of them shall hold
then oilioe? for two yeais, and two of them for one year
from the day of said election; and the person having the
greatest and the person having the lowest number of votes
shall be the two to go out of office at the end of one year;
and if any two have the same and tire highest or the low-
est number ol" votes, such two s-hall draw lots between them-
selves to determine which shall go oat of office; and there
shall be an election on the same day every succeeding year
held as above directed, for two commissioners of police, at
which each voter shall vote for one person only, and no bal-
lot shall be counted that contains more than one name; and
the two persons having the highest number of votes shall
be declared elected, and shall hold their office for two years
from the day of their election; and the said four commis-
sioners of police shall constitute a board, to any actor reso-
lution whereof the assent of three of said board, entered on
its minutes in writing, shall be necessary ; and said board
is hereby invested with power to appoint and remove, at
their pleasure, the police force hereinafter provided for, and
also to appoint and remove, at their pleasure, such police
force as now exists under the authority of the boards of the
city council, or may be hereafter established; and the said
board shall make rules and regulations for the government
of all the said police authorized by this act or by the said
boards of the said city councils.
Sec. 2. And be it jurther enacted, That there be estab-
lished a police force for the protection of public and private
property, and for the enforcement of the police regulations
of the city of Washington, to consist of a chief, at an annual
salary of $2,000; one captain, at an annual salary of $1,200;
four lieutenants, at an annual salary of $800 each ; and one
hundred men, at an annual salary of $600 each; to be paid
monthly.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size; and the chief is authorized and empowered
to establish guard-houses at such points in the city of Wash-
ington as he may designate, subject, however, to the ap-
proval of the commissioners aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid
to each commissioner chosen and serving under this act,
an annual salary of $1,000.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted., That the sum of $5,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated annually as a con-
tingent fund, to be expended under the direction of the
commissioners of police, to cairy out the purposes of this
act m the suppression of crime and detection of criminals
in the city or washington.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That each member of
the guard shall be required to wear a uniform dress at all
hour* when on duty, and on his hat, or cap, or breast, such
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at all limes, day and night, bhall wear an official
badge; and said uniforms, badges, and numbers, hereby re-
quired to be worn,shall also be prescribed bv the clnefjand
shall be made public in the newspapers iu Washington for
one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter be
changed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sum of ,$7.5,000,
or so much thereof as may be neee^arv to cairy this act
into effect, be, and the same is heieby, appiopnatcd, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropuated.
Ss.c. 8. And be it further enacted, That each member of
the police force, before entering upon the discharge of his
duty, shall take and subscribe an oath orufhunatiott to ^up-
port the Constitution ol the United States, and faithfully
and impartially discharge hi? dutu-n as Mich.
Sec. 9. And be it fuither enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heieto!ore parsed, authorizing or relating to theem-
ployinentof an auxiliary watch, or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. LEITER I ask permission, now, to offer
a substitute for the hill.
Mr. GOODE. After I make the motion which
I propose to do, I will yield. I propose to amend
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting as follows:
That there be established an auxihaiy guard or watch for
the protection of public and pnvate propeity, and for the en-
forcement of the police regulations of the city of Washing-
ton. to consist of a chief at an annual salary of §3,500, one*
captain at an annual salary of $1,-100, four lieutenants at an
annual salary of $1,000 each, and one hundred men at an an-
nual salary of $600 each, to be paid monthly, to .«erve during
the night, and in the daytime when especially ordered so
to do. The chief of the auxiliary guard shall be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and the captain and lieutenants shall be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, and may be dismissed by
the chief at his pleasure, or upon the order of the said Sec-
retary. The men shall be appointed by the chief of the
guard.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size, and the said chief is also authonzcd and em-
powered to establish guaid-houses at such points m tne city
of Washington as he inaj designate, subject, however, to
the approval of the Seeretaiy of the interior.
Sec. 3. And be it Jurther evaded, That the Mayor of
Washington, the district attorney foi the Distiiet of Colum-
bia, the marshal of said Distuct, and the chief of the auxil-
iary guard, are hereby authorized and required to make and
establish rules and regulations lor the government of said
guard, and to prescribe such aims for the use of the guard
as they may deem neccs.-ary, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of $j,000
be, and the same is hereby, appiopnated annually as a con-
tingent fund, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to cany out the purposes of this act
m the suppression of crime and detection ol criminals in the
citv of Washington.
Seo. 5. And bo it further enacted, That each member of
the guard shall be requited to wear a uniform div--h at all
horns when on duty, and on ins hat, or cap, or breast, such
number as may be assigned hun. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at ail times, day and night, shall wear an official
badge; and said uniforms, badges, and numbers, hereby re-
quired to be worn, shall also be prescribed by the chief, and
shall be made public in the newspapers in Washington for
one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter be
changed. The chief of the guard shall be invested with the
penal jurisdiction of a justice of the peace, and required to
hold a court daily for the investigation of causes and the
trial of misdemeanors and petty offenses, to be decided ac-
cording to the laws of the District of Columbia. But in no
case shall he inflict punishment greater than a fine of $20,
or confinement in a jail, work-house, or house of correc-
tion, for a term not exceeding twenty days.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relating to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed. This section to take effect so soon
as the chief shall report to the Secretary of the Interior that
he has thirty men enrolled and readv for duty.
Sea. 7. And be it further enacted, That the sum of money
necessary to carry this act into effect, notto exceed #75,000,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
Mr. Chairman, all of that bill is identical with
the Senate bill, with a few exceptions. It appro-
priates $5,000 where the Senate bill appropriates
$10,000, as secret service money. It also con-
tains an additional clause investing the chief of
the guard with the penal jurisdiction of a justice
of the peace. The Senate bill proposes to give to '
the chief asalary of$2,000. I propose to give him
a salary of $2,500. The Senate bill proposes to
give to the captain a salary of $1,200. I propose
to give to the captain a salary of $1,400. The
Senate bill proposes to give to the lieutenants a
salary of $800 each. I propose to give to the lieu-
tenants a salary of $1,000 each. These modifica-
tions will increase the cost of the bill some fifteen
hundred dollars, which is, I think, an inconsider-
able amount, when we consider the effect which
may be produced on the character of the officers
to be employed. I am asked why a salary of
$2,500 will command the services of a better offi-
cer than a salary of $2,000? Well, I might reply
that I may refer that question safely to the un-
derstanding of every gentleman here present, and
to his own feelings on the subject. But, sir, I
was about to remark that the expenses of the bill
will be diminished in the aggregate, because I have
proposed to reduce the appropriation for secret
service money from $10,000 to $5,000, while the
increase of salaries will only amount to $1,500, so
that there will be a saving of $3,500 by my bill.
There is another difference between my amend-
ment and the Senate bill. In the clause appoint-
ing the captain and lieutenants under this bill, I
provide that the captain and lieutenants shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Interior. The
Senate bill provides that they shall be appointed
by the chief of the guard, with the consent of the
Secretary of the Interior, or to be approved by
the Secretary of the Interior.
I do not know that it is a very important modi-
fication ; but it appears to me to be consistent, and
more consistent, with the principles of our Con-
stitution, which provides that it may be lawful
for Congress to provide for the appointment of
inferior officers by the President alone, or by the
courts, or by the heads of Departments. As the
Constitution constitutes the heads ofDepartments
as an appointing power, I prefer to follow its man-
date.
There is no other modification material in the bill
except those to which I have adverted. Itappro-
priates but$5,000 secret service money; whereas
the Senate bill appropriates $10,000. And then
the amendment which I have proposed contains
a new provision, which I have sent to the Chair
in manuscript. That .provision proposes to es-
tablish a police court. It appears to me that one
of the great wants of this city is a court of police.
Under the present provisions of law, warrants
for the most petty offenses can only be tried by
indictment of the grand jury. A man cannot be
tried for the petty larceny of a ninepence with-
out involving a cost to the Government of not less
than forty, and perhaps one hundred dollars. And
it appears to me to be eminently proper that sum-
mary justice should be visited upon those who
are brought before the chief of police by the of-
ficers of the guard. It is far more effective to have
offenses charged to be tried speedily, instead of
waiting and allowing the negligence of witnesses
to postpone the day of retribution for months. I
deem it important that that provision should be
adopted; and that a court should be instituted to
try summarily petty offenses which do not rise
to the dignity of crime.
Mr. Chairman, these are the modifications which
I propose to the Senate bill. I will briefly state
