1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4W
year commencing; July 1,1857, and ending'June
30, 1858. It was for the Legislature to be con-
vened and held between those dates. Such a Le-
gislature was elected, in October last, under the
organic law, and is the one now in session.
Months before this appropriation commenced
to run, the bogus Legislature had adjourned, and
had only sought to propagate itself through a con-
stitutional convention. And if, sir, the Presi-
dent hasdiverted the appropriation for the Legis-
lative Assembly for the current year, to pay the
expenses of the old, rejected, dishonored body,
whose functions had ceased before the current year
commenced, he has done it in clear violation of
law, and, whatever may be our party predilections,
should be impeached by this House.
Sir, this appropriation for a Legislative Assem-
bly in Kansas for the current year ending June
SO, 1858, during which the illegal Legislature was
not in session, and the steady refusal of the House,
finally concurred in by the Senate, to appropriate
money for the year during which it was in session,
instead of being construed into a recognition of
that body, is a decision of both branches of Con-
gress against its validity.
Nor can the admission of General Whitfield,
x at the last session, as a Delegate, be construed
into a recognition of that Legislature. At the
first session, both he and Governor Reeder were
rejected, because neither was elected under valid
law, and the House could not determine which
received the greater number of legal votes. At
an election in October, 1856, to fill the acknowl-
edged vacancy, no one was voted for but General
Whitfield, and no one appeared to claim the seat
but him. Under these circumstances, without
considering whether the law, under which he was
elected, was valid or invalid, he might be admit-
ted; and his admission would raise no implica-
tion for or against the law.
But, sir, the last House did not leave this ques-
tion to implication. On the 17th day of February,
1857, it passed, by the decided vote of 98 yeas to
79 nays, a bill for the relief of the people of Kan-
sas, introduced by Mr. Grow; the preamble of
this bill was agreed to by a vote of 95 yeas to 68
nays. To show the clear, decided repudiation
by the House of this legislation, I will read the
•preamble and first section
" Whereas the President of the United States transmitted
to the House, by message, ;i printed pamphlet put porting to
be the Jaws of the Territory ol Kansas, pa«<ed at Shawnee
Mission, in said Territory: and whereas unjust ami unwai-
rarited test oaths are prescribed by said laws as u qualifi-
cation foi voting or holding office m r-atd Tomtorv: and
whereas the committee ot investigation sent by the Uou^e
to Kansas report that said Legislature was not elected by
the lesal voters oi Kan?a-"?, but was forced upon them by
non resident?, in violation of the oiganic act ot the Tem-
tory. and having thus usurped legislative power, it enacted
cruel and oppressive laws: Therefore,
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United St ate* of Jimpriea in Congi est ast eiablcd, That
- all luies or regulations purporting to be laws, oi in the lorm
of law, adopted at Shawnee Mission, in the Territory of
Kansas, by a body of men claiming to be the Legislative
Assembly of said Territory, arid all acts and proceedings
whatsoever of said Assembly, are hereby declared invalid,
ajid of no binding force or effect."
This bill passed the House but a little more
than two weeks before the adjournment, when
the President took the oath of office. It was never
reconsidered, but was the final and deliberate
judgment of the House. How the President
could, in the facc of this act, assume that Con-
gress, of which the House is the important part,
had recognized this Legislature in different enact-
ments, is beyond my comprehension. Sir, I call
upon the friends of the President to make good
this bold assertion, or the whole string of tech-
nicalities by which he supports the Lecompton
constitution is worse than a broken reed.
The other assumption of the President—that a
Territorial Legislature may call a convention, who
may put into operation a constitution without its
submission to the people—my time will not allow
me fully to discuss. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] has called if a fundamental error,
which lies at the foundation of the whole argument
of the President. With due deference to such high
authoiities, I think the fundamental error is in
recognizing: the Territorial Legislature as having
any authority at all; but as the .Senator is commit-
ted by his action in the past upon this point, I
wili only express my concuirence with him, that
in this proposition the President has committed
a second fundamental error. And, sir, I wish to
call the attention of the House to the speech of
the President already quoted. He there says:
" No Senator will pretend that their Territorial Legisla-
ture had any right whatever to pass laws enabling the peo-
ple to elect delegates to a convention for the purpose of
forming a State constitution. It was an act of usurpation
on their pan."
Contract this opinion,twenty-three years ago,
which tic Senator would then contest, with the
message. Then it was an act of usurpation for a
Territorial Legislature to call a convention. «/Yoio
a Territorial Legislature is so potent that Con-
gress cannot require the constitution to be sub-
mitted to the people. Then the usurpation was
utterly void unless sanctioned by the people. Now
it is sopotentas to override the will of the people.
But passing this singular inconsistency, I desire,
for the few minutes I have left, to call the atten-
tion of the House to the history and character of
the Lecompton convention.
The act authorizing it was the act of the bogus
(I trust the House will pardon the use of a word
not to be found in any dictionary, but it expresses
my meaning) Legislative Assembly of Kansas.
It was passed by that body just two days after
the House, by a decisive vote, declared its acts
invalid, and of no binding force or effect. Every
act to be done under it was to be done by its crea-
tures—persons selected, not by the people, but
by it. The sheriffs and probate judges, or depu-
ties appointed by one of them, were to make the
lists of voters, and no person was permitted to
vote unless his name was upon the list. The w hole
election was to be managed, controlled^ and re-
turned by these deputies of a power whose posi-
tion was attained by an illegal election. Thus the
people had no control over the election; and even
if its officers had obeyed the act, the source of
their authority would have cast suspicion upon
their acts. But the act was not obeyed by them.
Governor Walker thus states the facts in one of
the documents submitted to us by the President:
"On reference to the terntonal law under which the
convention was assembled, thnty-iour regularly oigamzed
counties were named a-s election distncts for delegates to
the convention. In each and ail of these counties it was
required by jaw that a census should be taken and the voters
registered ; and when tins was completed the delegates to
the convention should be apportioned accordingly. In nine-
teen of these counties theie was no census, and tlieiefore
there could be no such apportionment there of delegates
based upon such census. And in fifteen of these countics
there was no rcgistty of voters. These fifteen counties, in-
cluding many of the oldest oiganized counties of the Ter-
litory, weie entirely disfranchised,and did not give and (by
no fault of their own) could not give a solitary vote for del-
egates to the convention. This result was superinduced by
thei.ict that the Teintorial Legislature appointed ail the
fehculTa and probate judges in ail the «e counties, to whom
was aligned the duty by law of making this census and
registiy. " These officer^ were political partisans, dissenting
fiom the view sand opinions of the people of thes>e counties,
a* ptoved by the election m Oetobei last. These olhceis,
from want of funds, as they allege, neglected or refused to
take any census orniake any registry in the.->e counties,arid
therefore tliev weie entirely disfranchised, and could not
and did not give a single vote at the election for delegates
to the constitutional convention. These nineteen counties
in which theie was no census, constituted a majority of the
counties of the Tcrutory, and these fifteen counties m which
theie was no registry, gave a much larger vote at the Octo-
ber election, even with the six month*" qualification, than
the whole vote given to the delegates who signed the Le-
compton constitution on the 'th November last "
The registry law was executed, and voters
weie registered in fouiteen counties only, name-
ly, Johnson, Lykins, Lynn, Bourbon, Douglas,
Shawnee, Doniph an, Atchison, Leaven worth, Jef-
ferson, Nemeha,Calhoun, Marshall, and Riley. In
these fourteen counties ^he registry was grossly
inaccurate. A large portion of the best known set-
tlers were omitted, and many non-residents were
included. The result was that, at the election, out
of a voting population of about fifteen thousand,
less than eighteen hundred votes were cast for the
members of the convention. And this was not
occasioned simply by a neglect to vote, by an in-
difference as to the result, for several times as
many persons were disfranchised in the counties
where the registry was not taken and where it
was imperfectly taken, as voted at the election.
When the meagerness of this vote was known
through the country, it was generally supposed
that the convention would never meet, that the
members themselves would abandon the move-
ment. For some time a quorum could not be got
together, and finally an adjournment was carried
until after the October election. It cannot be
doubted that if the Kickapoo, Oxford, and McGee
frauds had been successful, the convention would
have been abandoned as ^an abortion. But the
cabal saw the scepter departing, and knew that
the new Legislature would remove all traces of
previous attempted legislation. Then, and riot till
then, the desperate expedient was resorted to of
putting in force a State government and thus su-
perseding the new Territorial Legislature. This
could only be done through the action of the con-
vention by framing a constitution and putting it
in force without a submission to the people. But
in the way of this reckless scheme there were
many difficulties. There was the imbittered hos-
tility of the people who looked upon the conven-
tion as the only residuum of the old tyranny, atwL
who would but for the United States troops have
scattered its members by force. There was the
promise of the President, in his letter of March
30, 1857, appointing Governor Walker, that ti*e
constitution should be submitted to the people of
the Territory, that they must be protected in the
exercise of their right of voting for or against that
instrument, and that the fair expression of the
popular will must not be defeated by fraud or vio-
lence. There was the inaugural address of Gov-
ernor Walker, that unless the convention submit
the constitution to the vote of all the residentsct-
tlers of Kansas, and the election be fairly and
justly conducted, the constitution will be, and
ought to be, rejected by Congress; and that Kan-
sas never can be brought into the Union, with
or without slavery, except by a previous solemn
decision, fully, freely, and fairly made by a ma-
jority of her people in voting for or against the
adoption of her State constitution. There were
his repeated speeches and promises to the people
of Kansas, made with the sanction of the Admin-
istration, that the constitution must be submitted
to the people, or he and they would assist in its
defeat. There was the organic law of the Terri-
tory, the party cry—the shibboleth of popular sov-
ereignty, that the people were to be perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way. There was the recent action
of the Democratic party in Kansas sustaining
Walker and pledging the party that the constitu-
tion should be submitted to the ratification of the
people. There was the pledge of the president of
the convention, and many of the leading delegates,
that the constitution should be submitted. There
was the danger of the destruction of the Demo-
cratic party, without whose potent aid the whole
scheme of villainy would be defeated. There was
the certainty of civil war in the Territory if the
attempt was made to impose this constitution
without submission; and the certainty of a revo-
lution to change it.
One would have supposed that the most des-
perate men would have been deterred by these
obstacles. Yet they deliberately concocted a con-
stitution, and now ask our aid to put it in force
without a submission to the people, and against
their known will. If this had been done directly,
we must have given them credit for boldness-, but,
to relieve the Administration as far as was consist-
ent with their great purpose, they submitted one
clause only of the constitution, that relating to sla-
very, to the people. But before any one could ex-
ercise this poor privilege, he must vote "for ike
constitutionand swear to support it, if adopted.
The vote must be "for the constitution with sla-
very," or "for the constitution without slavery."
Inany event, itmust be /or the constitution. One
half of the promise of the President, Governor
Walker, and the Democratic party, was fulfilled.
They said the people should be protected in their
right to vote for and against the constitution. Sure-
ly they ought to be satisfied if they were allowed
to vote for it! If the people had been allowed to
vote against the constitution, they would have been
so unreasonable as to have voted that way, and that
would have been a direct intervention, by the peo-
ple, against the President! Is it not strange, sir,
that the faction that marshaled three invasions, that
controlled all power for three years in Kansas by
force and fraud, that boasted of the Oxford, Kick-
apoo, and McGee frauds, should, in the last stage
of its existence, be diiven to so shallow an expe-
dient to maintain their power; and that the Pres-
ident of the United States should sanction the
fraud ? Sir, this device was not for the people of
Kansas, but it was pabulum for the President and
the honest masses of the Democratic party in the
northern States. Amon^the settlersit deceived no
one; in the South it deceived noon®. Whether tha
