480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29
slavery clause was voted in or voted out, slavery
was in the constitution and protected by it. The
recent ciections in Kansas show how they regard
the whole scheme and its authors. Both are repu-
diated, rejected, and despised. They will resist it
with stratagem, artifice, and open force. Under
forms devised by their enemies they now have con-
trol of a trio of governments. They are now nurs-
ing & territorial and two State governments; but,
if let alone, will soon supersede all these by a State
government formed by a legal convention, and
sanctioned by the people. They do not ask your
intervention. When it might have saved them
. from fraud and violence you did not interfere, but
allowed the President, with the whole power of
the Government, to uphold an odious tyranny
over them. Having overthrown this, they only
ask to be let alone. They hold you to your
words — Non-intervention and the will of
the people.
Sir, I am conscious that but for one event it
would be m vain to resist the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution. It would
be m vain to point to the invasion of March 30,
1855; to the illegal Territorial Legislature and its
progeny; the constitutional convention;and to the
innumerable frauds that form the history of both.
All these would have been but as a rock in the
way of a mountain torrent. They might have
prolonged the struggle m this House, but expe-
rience has taught us that the interests of slavery
«nd Federal patronage, when combined, can over-
come all obstacles like honor, good faith, party
promises, the will of the people, and the peace and
prosperity of the country. When we met here 1
knew these were against us, and while prepared to
resist, it was without hope. The Supreme Court
had become the mere citadel ot a local institution
and was enthroned for life. The Senate, although
much improved,was still against us. The message
•of the Prcsidentonly served to show that a struggle
had taken place between his conscience and duty
on the one hand, and his allegiance on the other;
but that the result was against us. We knew
that a majority of the Cabinet was from the South,
and thus controlled the immense patronage of the
Government. The signs of disaffection in high
places, and among the northern Democrats were
visible. But we knew the powerof parly drill and
what weak pretexts would *tc(m'uV* the disaf-
fected. We knew that the DemociaUc pai ly was
in the ascendant, and this paity ev< rywhere wuh
controlled by the superior numbers and sagacity
of the southern branch of it; whose guiding star
through«tormand sunshine, through victory and
defeat, was ever ihe same—the domination of
slavery. Under tlnsse circumstances, what could
we hope? (fa slave constitution was piesented,
what did the "inner temple" of the dominant
party care that fraud, violence, and civil war stood
m the way; that honor,personaland party pledges
forbid; that, their rallying cty, the will of tie'
people shall rule, was tiampled upon. I expected,
u.s a matter of course, to see northern Democrat;*
wince and bear the yoke impatiently; but m due
time we see them excuse and ihen applaud the
notable device—of submitting a constitution to
the people but requiring them to vote " for the
constitution," and prohibiting all votey " against
the constitution."
And, sir, now the only hope I have to defeat
this constitution here is, that i can see no way in
which slavery can, as the matter now stands, gain
any piactioai advantage by indorsing this consti-
tution. We now have the returns of the recent
election. The returns of the vote on the 2Jst of
December, on the submission scheme, show 6,003
*i for the coriHiitution with slavery," and 576 " tor
the constitution without slavery;" but included
in the G,063 are the following returns: Maiys-
ville, 232—a trading post one hundred and iiity
miles fiom the Missouri river, and where there is
scarce a settlement; Oxford, 1,266, and Shawnee,
729—both m Johnson county, and within an *n-
uian reserve, where wlnte men cannotsettie; Del-
aware Crossing, a ferry station within the Dela-
ware reseruuion, 254; and Kickapoo, a small vjI-
•lage opposite Weston, 1,017: m ail, 3,498. Those
returns are i&ahife*>t*y fraudulent and spurious;
-leaving bat 2,5n5 u feu the constitution with sla-
very." This number includes alleged illegal votes
^at Fori Scott, LeavenwoUh,iowui?oij)t, and other
-jplacea; but 1 reject only those that are ^mfestly
oicutiQMs,aa returns from places where thre^ hun-
dred legal votes could not have been given; and
this miserable faction is represented by 2,565
votes. On the other hand, at a legal election held
under authority of the Territorial Legislature, on
the 4th of January, 1858, and certified by Gover-
nor Denver, a vote of 10,226, all confessedly legal
votes, was polled against the Lecompton consti-
tution.
Now, sir, if you dare, in the face of this vote,
attempt to fasten upon the people of Kansas the
Lecompton constitution, you will only deepen
their hostility to it and to slavery, and enable
them, by its speedy overthrow, to add another
wreath to thoir well-earned laurels. They will re-
sist you, and all the powers you can bring against
them; and craven be he that would not aid them
in the holy contest. Calhoun may, if he dare,
certify and return a pro-slavery majority to both
branches of the Legislature. The President may
station troops in sight of every cabin. You may
arm Lecompte and Cato with injunctions, attach-
ments, writs of mandamus, and all the enginery
of the law. You cannot force that people to sub-
mit to this constitution. They will resist it and
overthrow it; and, sir, they will not be friendless
and alone in this struggle.
But! trust that this dark cloud may pass away;
that a returning sense of justice in southern Rep-
resentatives, or some show of manly firmness in
those from the North, will defeat this measure. 1
trust that the same sense of fraternal kindness that
guided our fathers in their revolutionary struggle;
that snyothed many difficulties m the formation
of this Government; and, more potent than all
else, that the guiding hand of Divine Providence
may save our beloved country from the shock of
civil strife, or civil revolution—the inevitable con-
sequence of any further tyranny upon the people
of Kansas.
In conclusion, allow me to impress the South
with two important warnings she has received in
her struggle for Kansas. One is, that though
her able and disciplined leaders on this floor,
aided by executive patronage, may give her the
power to overthrow legislative compacts, yet,
while the sturdy integrity of the northern masses
stands in her way, she can gain no practical ad-
vantage by her well-laid schemes. The other js,
that while she may indulge with impunity the
spirit of iiliibusterism, or lawless and violent ad-
venture, upon a feeble and distracted people m
Mexico and Central America, she must not come
m contact with that cool, determined courage and
resolution which forms the striking characteristic
of the Anglo-Saxon race. In such a contest, her
hasty and impetuous violence may succeed for a
time, but the victory will be short-lived and tran-
sient, and leave nothing but bitterness behind.
Let us not war with each other; but, with the grasp
of fellowship and friendship, regai dnnr to the full
ea"h othei's rights,and kind to each other's faults,
let us go hand in hand in securing to eveiy poi-
tion of our people their constitutional right??.
Mr. BURNETT obtained the flooi ,but yielded
to
Mr. GIvEEN WOOD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Tin: motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Davis, of Indiana, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration,and particulaily ihe lull ( 11.
R. No. 202) to appiopyate money to supply de-
ficiencies for the papei, printing, binding, and
engmvm1;, ordered b^ the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congresses, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. IIUGIIES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Kesoivr,?, Tiintt'ie ''uMJent be lcciuc^ted t'> eohinnnii-
cate to tin-; si m ins uuU'ucnr rot mfcmipatihi.'1 with
the public iiitenM, aii atiiiieiinc and oihctal lajornnuou in
!ih j o.-session touching tno piu?Ci.t condition oi' uffairrf la
Kaiuaii.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
On a division of the House, there were—ayes
63, noes 74.
Mr. CL1NGMAN demanded tellers; tellers
were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
WILKiNS 8 POINT.
Mr. HASKIN submitted the following reso-
j lution:
| Resolved, That the special committee appointed by the
i HoiifC to investigate the f-ale and purchase of the Port
! Swelling property be, and they aie hereby, authouzed lo
| investigate the tacts connected with the sale and puicha^e
| of pi apertv at Wilkins'b Ponn, Qucm-- county, New York,
purchased by the Government during the year 1 £57, for
fortification purposes, with the, same instructions and pow-
eib, a:-; are conferred upon theui by the resolution creating
said cunijijittee.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, I will not object
to this resolution. But 1 wish to inquire of its
mo vei upon what ground if is based. There seem 3
to be a delicacy in the House in reference to
matters of this kind. Three select committees
have been raised already, without objection. It
will be remembered that when those committees
were raised, and when large powers were con-
ferred upon them 
Mr. SEWARD. If debate continues, I shall '
object to the resolution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object, anyhow.
Mr. STANTON. Objection comes too late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
the objection is too late.
Mr. HASKUST. i ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as one of the responsible majority in
this Hal!, to withdraw his objection.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I witiidiaw it.
Mr. BURNETT. I renew the objection, for
the reason that that committee has as much to do
now as it can well attend to.
And then, on motion of Mr. KEITT, the House
(at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 29, 1S58.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. A. Harrold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER The question first in order
is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. PHELPS. The tune is fixed for closing
general debate on House bill No. 202, and I have
risen for the purpose of moving that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a statement,
and to submit a motion which relates so directly
to the interests of the country that I am sure it
will meet with no opposition from any quarter.
It is known that m the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union debate has been m prog-
ress with a printing deficiency bill under consid-
eiation. It involves items of expenditure of the
utmost importance to the countr)'. Tin sc have
grown out of a system which has aided in bank-
rupting the Tren.uuy; and if this syptevu be con-
tinued then; is no knowing where it will end; and
yet, su', not one single member of the committee
that lepoitcd this bdl—the Committee of Ways
and Means—nor one member of the Committee on
Printing, has been enabled to get. the floor, but the
whole debate has been diveitcd to general sub-
jects. General debate will expire at iialf past one
o'clock to-day. Under this state of tacts, and
the impoitance there is m bringing out what has
led to this syblem of abuses, 1 ask ail parties hero
tu unite and" extend this debate until four o'clock,
with the distinct uudeiytdiiding that no man shall
speak to any question except the lull itself. Let
us, Mr. Speaker, give one day, and this day, to
the country, and give every other, if you please,
to the negto.
Mr, HOUSTON. Make it one o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to send to the Clerk's
desk a resolution; but before doing so, 1 wish to
say, that if we wiil come forward as honest men,
and give this whole day to the country, wc may
che';k abuses that will be of more importance
than all wo have done during* the session. If
we do this for the country, our constituents will
forg've us, perhaps, if we give the remainder of
the session to Indians, negroes, Mormons, and
Buncombe generally.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 certainly approve of the sug-
gestion made by my friend from-Michigan, and
hope lie will extend, the time until to-morrow at
