528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. op Reps.
amounting to $2,084,000, only four of which had
the recommendation of the Administration.
During the same Congress appropriations
amounting to the sum of $2,270,000 were made
for the extension of the Capitol, the dome, and
works of art. It was out of this appropriation
for the Capitol extension, if I am rightly informed,
that desks were purchased at ninety dollars each,
and chairs at seventy dollars each, for the new
hall of the House*or Representatives.
The appropriations for the several items of the
contingent fund for the House of Representa-
tives for the Thirty-Third Congress amounted to
$903,100 56. The appropriations for the same
objects for the Thirty-Fourth Congress ran up,
under the action of the Opposition in this House,
who had the majority, to the sum of #1,087,770.
showing an increase in this branch of expenditure
off 184,669 44.
At the last session of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress the Senate returned to this House the sun-
dry civil bill with one hundred and three amend-
ments, covering appropriations to the amount of
$3,771,816 45. It came to this House on the last
night of the session, when wc had no opportunity
even to read the amendments in the House. On
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the House rejected all the amend-
ments, and the bill and amendments thus rejected
went to a committee of conference, who reported
the next morning that the Senate should recede
from amendments covering $713,256 01, and that
the House should recede from its disagreement as
to the residue. When the reading of the amend-
ments was called for, Speaker Banks dccided that
they could not be read, and the House was
brought to a vote on the adoption of the conference
report—and thus, without any knowledge of what
they were doing, the members voted away
$3,058,560 44 of the public money, by 87 yeas to
67 nays. Of the eighty-seven yeas, fifty-eight
belonged to the Opposition.
If I had the time, I would"refer to some of the
votes on the Senate's amendments to the sundry
civil bill at the present session. For the custom-
house and marine hospital amendments; for the
amendment directing the payment to the State of
Maine of usurious interest on money borrowed
to carry on the Aroostook war; for the amend-
ment appropriating to Gales & Seaton, $340,000
for the publication of the American State Papers;
and other amendments that might be enumerated,
a decided majority of the yeas came from the Op-
position aide of the House.
The gentleman complains that our foreign in-
tercourse expenses have run up to an enormous
figure. The gentleman evidently does not under-
stand the subject. It will be recollected that
awards paid under treaties and other payments of
a like character are embraced in this expenditure.
By way of illustiation, I take the year ending June
30,1849, when the appropriation for this object
was $6,908,996 72, made under a Democratic Ad-
ministration, and the year ending .Tune 30, 1853,
made under an Opposition Administration, when
the appropriation* was $950,871 30. In the for-
mer year -$6,565,354 79, was used to fulfill treaty
stipulations with the Mexican Republic, the King
of the Two Sicilies, and the Kepubhc of Peru,
leaving a balance of $343,641 93. In the latter
year only $297,155 57 was required to pay awards,
leaving a balance of $653,715 73 for foreign inter-
course proper—almost double the amount used
for this purpose, m 1849. How will the gentle-
man explain this increase under Opposition rule'
Sweeping charges of extravagance, such as the
gentleman has indulged in, do not strike my mind
as the most satisfactory mode of discussing this
question. If the charges are well founded, if is
an exceedingly easy matter for gentlemen to de-
signate the items in the annual appropriations that
are not justified by a proper regard for economy.
If you are for reform, present your measures, let
them be examined, and, if they are wise and just,
you can rely upon our support to aid in their pas-
sage. If you sre in earnest, you will do this; out,
until it shall be done, you cannot convince the
people of your sincerity. Cease your denuncia-
tions, give us the details, bring forward your
measures of retrenchment and reform, and thus
furnish practical evidence of your disposition to
remedy what you consider existing evils in the
Administration of the Government and in our sys-
tem of legislation.
Another question which has attracted a large
share of public attention is the proper disposition
to be made of the public lands. Itis undeniably
true that the Opposition in the North and North-
west, as a party, are committed to the policy of
railroad grants. In the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
when the Opposition had undisputed control in
this House, the House Committee on Public
Lands reported seven bills, makinggrants of alter-
nate sections of land, six sections in width on each
side of the respective roads, to the States of Iowa,
Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Wisconsin, Mich-
igan, and Mississippi, covering thirteen million
six hundred and eighty-six thousand three hun-
dred and four acres. A like grant was also made
to the Territory of Minnesota, which passed
the Senate by ayes 32, noes 10. Of the ayes,
twenty-one were Democrats, nine Republicans,
and two Fillmore-Americans. The ten who voted
in the negative were all Democrats. When this
bill came to the House, it was amended by a
grant for Alabama, and as amended was passed
by yeas 87, nays 60. Of the yeas sixty were
Republicans,eighteen Democrats, and nine Fill-
more-Americans; of the nays, twenty-two were
Republicans, twenty-eight Democrats, and ten
Fillmore-Americans. If I had time I would
refer to the votes on such bills on other occa-
sions to show that the Opposition cannot be relied
upon to husband the public lands, and so to man-
age them that they may be a source of revenue
to the Government. In my view, such disposi-
tions of the public lands are wrong in principle,
unjust to the old States, and of mischievous pol-
icy. Such grants build up monopolies, and mo-
nopolies are always prejudicial to individual in-
terests and the equal rights of all.
In 1848, the Opposition raised the c y of extrav-
agance against the Democratic party, and in the
then existing condition of the public mind, suc-
ceeded in obtaining possession of the Govern-
ment. Taylor and Fillmore .were elected to the
Presidency and Vice Presidency of the United
States, and entered upon the discharge of their
duties on the 4th of March, 1849. They came
into power avowing their purpose to retrench ex-
penditures and reform abuses which were alleged
to exist under the Administration of their prede-
cessors; and the people were induced to believe
that these great results would be attained. Du-
ring the administration of Mr. Polk, the duty of
carrying on the war with Mexico devolved upon
him, and,as a necessary consequence, the annual
expenditures were much larger than, under other
circumstances, they would have been. In the
four yo$rs his expenditures amounting (exclusive
of the public debt) to $165,381,026 58—being an
annual average expenditure of $41,345,256 59.
In the four years of Taylor and Fillmore the ex-
penditures (exclusive of the public debt) amoun-
ted to $165,683,650 48—being an annual average
expenditure of $41,420,912 62. The Whig ad-
ministration, therefore, of Taylor and Fillmore,
cost the people $75,656 04 a year more, in a time
of profound peace, than the Democratic adminis-
tration of Polk, cost them in a time of war. If
such was the result in that instance, may we not
reasonably anticipate a like result if the Opposi-
tion shall succeed in the next presidential strug-
gle? The same men who elected Taylor and Fill-
more now constitute the body of the Opposition
arrayed against the present eminently patriotic
Administration.
It is known to this committee that during my
entire service in this body I have labored zealously
to reduce expenditures. .So decided has been
my public action on this subject that it has sub-
jected me to the fierce denunciations of agents and
all others interested in large expenditures of the
public money. Indeed, many of my political as-
sociates in the House, whose views upon this
subjected are more liberal than my own, not un-
frequently complain of the course which a sense
of duty to those I represent constrains mc to pur-
sue. While I have resisted all appropriations for
custom-house, marine hospital, court-house, post
office, territorial and District buildings which are
now dotted over this District, the States, and Ter-
ritories, and m the construction of which millions
of dollars have been most profligately dissipated,
the Opposition in this House at the last session
of the last Congress succeeded in appropriating
for these objects no lessasum than $5,445,651 48.
The appropriations for these objects alone, during
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, amounted to the
monstrous sum of $8,633,390 48 ! 1 The country
will be astonished to learn that for the Capitol
extension, the dome, and a few works of art,
$4,970,000 have been appropriated since 1852. An
enormous amount has also been appropriated to
the aqueduct, that can only be told in millions. I
have resisted all these things to the extent of my
feeble ability, but who of the Opposition has come
to my aid ? Now and then, some one of them has
raised his voice in opposition, but it is undeniable
that an overwhelming majority of that party has
voted for them. The nineteenth amendment of the
Senate to the civil bill at this session made appro-
priations for eleven custom-houses, in different
parts of the country, and on agreeing to that
amendment the vote was—yeas 50, (Democrats,
18; Opposition, 32;) nays 73, (Democrats, 51;
Opposition, 22.) I have resisted the increase of
salaries, and the multiplication of officers and Gov-
ernment employes; and have, in all fair and hon-
orable modes, endeavored to reduce the expendi-
tures to the lowest practicable amount consistent
with a proper regard to the public interest and an
effective administration of the Government.
Such has been my course as a Representative of
the people, and I now tender to the gentleman my
cordial cooperation in all wise, just, and proper
measures which he or his friends may propose
for the reformation of abuses or the reduction of
expenditures. I think the expenditures may be
curtailed without detriment to the public service;
that the number of officers may be diminished and
many salaries reduced without prejudice or em-
barrassment to the prompt, intelligent, and faith-
ful disposition of the public business. The gen-
tleman wiil find this side of the House ready to
second ail efforts he may make to this end, and
all ho has to do is to introduce his measures at
the earliest practicable moment. He has been
rather dilatory heretofore, considering the magni-
tude and importance of the work before him, but
still there is ample time during the next session
to accomplish all that may be needed to inaugu-
rate his reign of economy.
There is still another point—the " endless jobs
and contracts," to which the gentleman has re-
ferred. What those "jobs and contracts" are I
have no means of knowing, and the gentleman has
not informed me. For all " jobs and contracts"
that were to let, I imagine at least one biddec could
have been found among the Republicans in the
last Congress. The results of the investigation
at the close of the last session showed very con-
clusively that some of the Republicans kept an
eye open to " the main chance," and that they
were the recipients of such plunder as was to be
appiopnated and enjoyed. Suspicion attached to
no member of the Democratic party in that
House.
1 heard this remark, in regard to " jobs and
contracts," with no small degree of surprise, from
the gentleman from Ohio; and I am sure, from my
knowledge of him, that, in his moments of calm
reflection, he will see the injustice he has done to
the officers of the Government.
In this connection, permit me to say that the
Democratic party passed the tariff bill of 1857—
a measure of vast interest and importance to all
sections of the country. At the present session
an investigation into the mode of its passage was
ordered, and it is a source of pride and pleasure
to find that not a member of the Democratic party
of either the House or the Senate could be found
who was even suspected of being influenced in Ins
action upon this measure by pecuniary or other
improper considerations.
I have heard it said often and again in the House,
during the present session, vote for expenditures,
and thus create the necessity for a revival of the
doctrine of protection for " protection's sake."
The Opposition, aided by a fraction of the Dem-
ocratic party, have acted upon this principle, and
have accordingly voted for numerous items of ex-
penditure not recommended, either by the Presi-
j dent or the heads of the Departments. Complaint
! has succeeded complaint that a high protective
1 policy has not been recommended by the Admin-
