1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
■ security in their persons and property, he rises
in his place and objects to the bill, because, for-
sooth, it is interfering with the municipal privi-
leges of the citizens of this District. Has the gen-
tleman forgotten that his party, in the great State
of New York, but a short year ago, departed from
the principle which he has been contending for
here to-day, by taking away the municipal priv-
ileges of the city of New York, and vesting the
appointment of the police of that city in the legis-
lative and executive departments of the State, at
Albany ?
Mr. MORGAN. What did your political
friends say about it ?
Mr. CLEMENS. Why, sir, my political
friends were in favor of allowing the municipal
privileges of the city of New York to rest where
they had been for a long series of years.
Mr. COMINS. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Virginia that I -have always regarded the
policy in New York to which he refers as anti-
Democratic, and I am not yet convinced of the
expediency of the measure.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well, then, the gentle-
man differs from his p^irty. The Republican party
of the State of New York took away utterly and
entirely the municipal privileges of New York,
and vested them in the hands of the Legislature at
Albany. The appointment of the commissioners,
at least, was by the law given to the Legislature.
Mr. BURROUGHS. The gentleman is mis-
taken. They are appointed by the Governor.
Mr. CLEMENS. How were they appointed
before ?
Mr. BURROUGHS. The police were appoint-
ed.by the Mayor of the city.
Mr. CLEMENS. The law passed by the Re-
publican party expressly interfered with the mu-
nicipal privileges of the people of the city of New
York. They are Democratic, and the powers at
Albany are Republican. Where, then, is your
consistency in objecting to vesting this power in
the President and contending for the very same
principle here which you have sanctioned by your
Legislature in New York?
Sir, there can be no rational objection, in my
opinion, to the passage of the bill as proposed by
the chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia; and I am sorry to see gentlemen on
that side of the Chamber carried away so far by
their prejudices against the Executive, I will not
say by an unkind feeling, but by at least a mis-
trustful feeling towards the Administration, as to
vote against a measure of public safety merely be-
cause it vests in the Executive a power so im-
portant to the people of this District. The present
Executive of the Union will not be here forever.
We shall have other Executives to which this
power will be confided.
Mr. CURTIS. There will be a change in 1860.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman says there
will be a change in 1860. Very well; suppose
there be. I should like to know if he would not
be very glad to give that power to his Executive ?
Mr. CURTIS. Never; never.
Mr. CLEMENS. I know that gentlemen out
of power are very distrustful of what is called ex-
ecutive patronage; but I have never yet seen any
gentleman in power who was not willing to stand
up to his party and his President.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman here, that if he will look over the yeas and
nays of last Congress, he will find on record sev-
eral instances where gentlemen separated them-
selves from their party. If the gentleman expects
this side of the House to give to the present Ex-
ecutive the power of appointing the police, with-
out regard to the general good or the various ele-
ments of party politics found in this city, he is
mistaken.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I object to the farming out of the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the gentleman from Virginia is farm-
ing out the floor. He yielded for explanation.
Mr. KILGORE. I would refer the gentleman
to the case of a Virginia accidental President—
John Tyler—who was abandoned by his party;
and I think that the party with whom I have the
honor to act will, under similar circumstances, be
found doing the same. And the gentleman will
permit me to ask him if he has not a partisan Pres-
ident; and if so, why it is that he voted against the
deficiency bill ?
Mr. CLEMENS. I am very glad that the gen-
tleman has asked that question. I voted Sgainst
the deficiency bill, and 1 woulu do it again 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point or order. I
believe the deficiency bill is disposed of, and is
not now before the committee, and so the gentle-
man has no right to discuss it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The practice of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union has
been—though contrary to the opinions of the pres-
ent incumbent of the chair—to indulge members
in talking about anything. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I voted against the deficien-
cy bill, and I would vote against it again, and as
many times as it is proposed in the House. I
will vote against it just as often as it proposes to
give officers sitting at the Clerk's desk $68,000
of gratuity for services for which they have been
paid by law, dating back, not to the commence-
ment oflast Congress, butgoing back eleven years
—giving your chief clerk a salary amounting to a
larger sum than is given to the Clerk of the House.
I voted against that because it was a masked bat-
tery—because it professed to do on its face what
it had not the boldness to avow. It did not spe-
cify any amount to be drawn from the Treasury,
but it vested in the Clerk of the House an arbi-
trary discretion to give to certain officers allow-
ances under resolutions of Congress, which, under
the phraseology of the third section, date back
twelve years. Do you know—you, gentlemen,
who are called upon to stand up to your party
and your President—you over whom the Wash-
ington Union cracks its Russian knout—do you
know how many thousand dollars you voted in
that section of the deficiency bill ?
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman why he
did not make this speech before the vote was taken
on the bill, so that we could have voted against it?
Mr. CLEMENS. I will tell the reason. I
sought the floor on three different occasions, as
my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
knows, and as my colleague from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] knows; and applied to both of them,
over and over again, to give me an opportunity to
state my objections to the bill; and I was kept
down by an objection of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman;] and, when I appealed to him
personally to withdraw his objection, he refused
to do so. My colleague was willing to accord to
me the privilege.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to correct an item of
history. I recollect, one afternoon, in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
when there was nobody to take the floor, the com-
mittee, consisting of about three, rose, and went
into the House. If the gentleman had been there
at that time, he would have had an opportunity
of enlightening as many as were present. I had
a. notion myself to address the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. The decision of the Chair, it
seems to me, has permitted a latitude to this de-
bate which was never yet taken. I believe it has
been the practice to allow gentlemen to debate on
all measures alive and pending, but not to allow
debate on what is dead and past.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the gentleman will sus-
pend a moment, he will save his point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that he is not aware
of any restriction being put on debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then a mem-
ber might discuss the Panama mission.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; some things dead
as long have been discussed here.
Mr. CLEMENS. I did not hear the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence;] but I have no doubt they were as humor-
ous as usual.
Mr. FLORENCE. I said that if the gentleman
had been here one of those afternoons when Kan-
sas affairs were under discussion, he would have
had an opportunity to have got the floor and
spoken on the deficiency bill. But he was not pres-
ent, I suppose, and there was nobody to speak,
and the committee, as many as were present at
the time, rose. I was about volunteering to the
Chair, to keep the committee together, that if he
would give me an opportunity, I would put to the
end of the message of the President the words,
" I concur;" and let that be my speech. If the
gentleman had been here, he would have had-an
opportunity to speak, and I have no doubt that it
would have been very gratifying to those present
to have heard something else than Kansas.
Mr. CLEMENS. I come back to this bill, and
to the consideration of the no-party question pre-
sented here by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Comins.] The gentleman from Ohio states
that he can give a variety of instances in which
men have broken loose from the fetters of party,
and stood up in the independence of honorable
manhood. Sir, if a gentleman has ever done that
here, he is a white crow. I know no word ex-
actly to designate the gentleman [Mr. Campbell]
in the political department. Whether or not he
is amphibious, I do not exactly know; whether
he is an American, Republican, or Democrat, I
do not know. He sails so completely in the eye
of the wind that you cannot tell whether he is a
seventy-four gun ship, or one of those Baltimore
clippers, with black sides, and which carries an
exclusively African cargo. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of all the slavery of which
I ever heard or read, I contemn and despise the
slavery of the mind most. I would rather be the'
slave of the gentleman from Virginia, across the
Ohio river from my native State, under his lash,
hewing wood and drawing water for him, than to
be the slave intellectually to his or any other party
or power on earth.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman has made a
declaration that sounds magnanimous. [Laugh-
ter.] It is, rhetorically, very fine.
" When the devil was kick, the devil a monk would be,
When the devil got well, the devil a monk was he."
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio, in proclaiming
his independence of party, is clanking the shackles
that bind him, for when was he anything else than
a party man ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Always.
Mr. CLEMENS. Always! Why,sir,all the
reputation he has in this House, and whatever
reputation he may have in the country, and he
has reputation in both, is derived from his alle-
giance to party.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. I
understood the Chair to decide that it was in order
to discuss any subject, dead or living; but I do
not understand that it is in order to turn round
and discuss the merits of an individual to his face.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
that there is any point of order in what the gen-
tleman has stated.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have only to say that so
far as this no-party bill is concerned; it is of a
piece with the declaration of the gentleman from
Ohio that he was governed by no party allegiance.
It is utterly impracticable. It could not be car-
ried out. If we ever had in this country a no-
party man, and the gentleman from Ohio is that
man, I should" advise him to present himself to
Iiarnum at once.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I commenced my political
career under the flag of the gallant Harry Clay.
I followed that flag, with ail its national inscrip-
tions, until they were rubbed out, and the gallant,
hero died.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman says he fol-
lowed the flag of Henry Clay as long as he could
follow it, and when he could not follow anything
else, he followed his shadow. He worshiped
the man as long as he lived, and when he died he
worshiped his grave.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir. I followed the
great principles of Henry Clay, enunciated by
him ^in 1832, as the "JImerican system." I have
followed them from that day to the present, and
during the consideration of the bill now before the
committee I intend to adhere to them.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ohio
followed the principles of Henry Clay. But what
did he do when those principles ceased to be op-
erative ? Did he follow a substance or shadow ?
The gentleman is like a great many men out of
power and seeking to regain it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am as much in power as
the gentleman from Virginia. [Great laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not know whether the
gentleman is as much in power as I am or not.
My seat is not contested.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And mine, I believe, is in
no more danger than that of the gentleman from
Virginia, if justice be done.
Mr. CLEMENS. Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask
