1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
istration. If it had been recommended and suc-
cessfully carried out by legislation, what practical
end could it have accomplished.? Our exports
have fallen off more than twenty per cent, and
our imports have fallen off more than fifty per
cent, as compared with last year, as the following
facts demonstrate most conclusively.
Exports from the port of New Y ork, from Janu-
ary to May inclusive, in the year 1857, amounted
to $46,450,641; for 1858, $36,516,465.
Importations of foreign goods, including specie,
from January to May inclusive, at the port of New
York, for the year 1857, amoun ted to $105,590,501;
for 1658, $51,663,192.
Our revenue is mainly derived from imports;
and if the importations fall off the receipts of the
Government must be reduced in a corresponding
ratio. Under the recent revulsion, which pros-
trated commerce, trade, and business, the impor-
tations were necessarily reduced to so great an
extent that the revenue from that source fell great-
ly short of the sum which, under ordinary cir-
cumstances, would have flown into the Treasury;
and hence the necessity of borrowing an amount
of money sufficient to supply the deficiency until
the financial storm should blow over, ana com-
merce, trade, and business of all kinds should
again resume their wonted activity. That time
is coming, and by the month of August or Sep-
tember we shall in all probability have a pretty
lively trade, and it will continue to improve to the
first of the next year.
But says the gentleman from Ohio and his friend
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Durfee,] something
must be done for the manufacturers. The tariff
of last year must be overthrown and substituted
by a measure more highly protective—a measure
something like that of 1842. The manufacturers
of cottons, woolens, and the iron and coal inter-
ests of the nation imperatively require a change
that will give them greater protection. From the
complaints made by the gentleman from Rhode
Island we would be naturally brought to the con-
clusion that the manufacturing interest was the
only one that had been affected by the financial
Btorm that has swept over the country. But it is
not so. All other interests have suffered and are
as greatly depressed. In the South, the East, and
the West, all business is seriously depressed, and
they could with as much propriety demand from
the Federal Government relief from their pecu-
niary embarrassments. If the tariff of 1857 pros-
trated the iron and coal interests and the cotton
and woolen interests in the North, what has caused
the embarrassment and depression in these and
all other branches of industry and trade in the
other sections of the Union ? 1 do not propose to
enter into a general discussion of this subject at
the present time. I will content myself with a
few facts in regard to the production of iron in
our own country, to show that, whatever embar-
rassment may now attend this interest, it is not
justly attributable to our tariff legislation in the
last Congress.
In 1809, the production of iron of all kinds in
our country was about 50,000 tons. In 1820,
owing to the war, it ran down to about 10,000
tons. Between the years 1820 and 1826 it rose
steadily until it reached 100,000 tons. In 1828, it
rose to 110,000 tons; in 1830, to 190,000 tons; in
1833, to 210,000 tons. In this year the compro-
mise tariff measure was adopted, under the oper-
ations of which the duties were regularly reduced
each year. Between the years 1833 and 1840 the
production steadily increased, until in the latter
year it reached 310,000 tons. In 1842 it dropped
down to 240,000 tons. Between the years 1842
and 1846, after the railroad fever had broken out
in our country, it rose to 775,000 tons. The pro-
duction continued to increase until, in 1848, it
reached 800,000 tone. In 1849,it sunk to 640,000
tons; in 1850, to 500,000 tons; and continued to
fall until, in 1852, it had reached 500,000 tons.
In 1853 it rose rapidly to 650,000 tons; in 1854,
to 800,000 tons; and continued to rise until, in
1855, it reached 1,000,000 tons. If the theory
of gentlemen now contended for be true, I call
upon them to explain how it was that, under the
operation of the tariff of 1846, the production sunk
from 800,000 tons m 1848 (two years after the bill
was passed) to 500,000 tons in 1852; and, again,
I call upon them to explain how (under the oper-
New Series.—No. 34.
ation of the same tariff) the production rose, in
the short space of three years, from 500,000 tons
in 1852 to 1,000,000 tons in 1855 These facts
are important, and eminently deserve considera-
tion. In my view, they demonstate conclusively
the fallacy of the Opposition theory, which charges
depression of the iron interest to the tariff legisla-
tion of the last Congress. The revulsion through
which we are now passing is justly chargeable to
individual imprudence, and not to Governmental
action. We live in an age of the world charac-
terized most strongly by individual and social ex-
travagance. Extravagance has its punishment in
poverty; and our commercial, mechanical, agri-
cultural, and manufacturing interests, as well as
all other interests in the country, are suffering that
punishment which imprudence in expenditure has
brought upon them. Economy, energy, industry,
and a determined spirit will relieve us from our
pecuniary trials, and restore to us that prosperity
which has been so suddenly lost, and the loss of
which has been acccompamed by so much physi-
cal suffering and anguish of mind.
The Democratic party and the country demand
a stable policy on this subject. The Government
must raise its revenue .mainly by duties on im-
ports, and those duties should be fairly imposed
with reference to the amount of revenue which
may be needed to carry on its operations, due re-
gard being had to economy in expenditure. All
the interests of the nation and all sections should
be considered in adjusting the details of the meas-
ure, to the end that equal and exact justice may
be done. This is all the South asks, and surely
it is entitled to it.
The " ultra protectionists" demand more. They
demand legislation for specified branches of indus-
try, and would burden all other interests to secure
it. This species of legislation we arc inflexibly
opposed to, because we see and feel its injustice,
and know, that it must end in the creation of sec-
tional jealousies, prejudicial to that harmony and
cordiality which is so greatly to be cherished,and
so important to our progress as a nation. The
excessively and oppressively protective tariff of
1828 produced results that shook the nation to its
center, and at one time seriously imperiled the
existence of the Union. Patriotism, however,
triumphed, and the measure of 1833 was passed,
which gave peace to our distracted country. A
high degree of prosperity followed, but the pro-
tectionists were not satisfied, and, to carry out
their ultra views, passed the tariff of 1842. So
much dissatisfaction resulted from it, that it was
found necessary to repeal it in 1846. The latter
measure remained in full force and effect until, m
1857, it was ascertained that it raised more reve-
nue than was needed for an economical adminis-
tration of the Government. We thus see that
high tariffs, adopted with more reference to pro-
tection than revenue, have been short-lived, and
eminently mischievous to the public peace in their
operations and results.
Give us, then, something fair, just, and equal,
and our prosperity and progress as a nation will
be secured.
FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the Senate, May 26, 1858.
The Senate having under conwdei ation tin1 lull to author-
ize a loan not exceeding the sum of ^io,000,000; the pend-
ing question lining on the amendment of Mr. Simmons to
provide for the home valuation of all foreign imports—
Mr. BELL said:
Mr. Presiuent: I perceive the anxiety of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
and the disposition of the Senate generally, to
vote upon this subject without further debate, and
it is certainly with great hesitation that I obtrude
myself on the attention of Senators by making
any remarks on the subject; but it strikes me as
one that deserves more consideration than it has
yet received, and one that, from its peculiar, and,
in some respects, extraordinary character, calls
for a scrutiny such as, under ordinary circum-
stances, a loan bill might not require.
What is tins measure, Mr. President? Here
is a proposition for a loan of ^15,000,000 within
a little more than four months from the date of a
former one of $20,000,000, both of which being
sums declared to be necessary to carry on the
Government until the end of the present calendar
year, or until the next session of Congress; thus
increasing the public debt within a single year to
the amount of $35,000,000; and yet no plan ia
proposed or provision made for its redemption,
and none to increase the receipts of the Treasury
from the ordinary sources of revenue; and this,
too, in a time of peace. But so little importance
appears to be attached to these striking facts by
the administrators of the Government, that they
scarcely condescend to give an explanation of
them. Even the Senator from Virginia himself
[Mr. Hunter] has touched very lightly, and
given apparently but little attention to, the import-
ant questions which lie back of the present one.
I pass by all that, however, for the present. I
suppose there may be some considerations of
policy or interest connected with the Administra-
tion which dictate a course so unusual on such
subjects.
But, sir, it is not easy to pass without notice
another circumstance connected with the measure
now before the Senate. The tables of the trade
of the country, and other well-authenticated facts,
show that the frauds committed upon the customs
revenue, supposing the imports in future to be aa
large as they have been in the last seven years,
will amount annually to a sum equal to the pro-
posed loan, and even exceed that amount, if the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is right in
his estimate. These frauds have been practiced
ever since the passage of the tariff of 1846, and
chiefly in consequence of the policy of levying the
duties under that act on the foreign value. It is
estimated by the honorable Senator from Georgia
that the custom-house returns do not show the
real amount of importations, and that the defi-
ciency last year was not less than one hundred
milliondollars. Estimating theaverage duty under
the act of 1857, on the whole amount of the im-
ports, at fifteen per cent., it will be seen that a
saving could be made of the amount of the pro-
posed loan in one year, by providing a remedy
against frauds in the collection of it. But suppos-
ing the annual amount of imported merchandise
exhibited in the custom-house accounts to be less
than the actual value imported, by $50,006,000,
one half the deficiency estimated by the Senator
from Georgia, still it will be seen that a saving in
the revenues might be effected in two years, under
a fair and honest system of collection, to the
amount of $15,000,000—the sum proposed to be
borrowed.
Another view of this subject will show results
not less striking. Taking $200,000,000 as the
average amount of importations for the last ten
years—and that is under the average—and further
estimating $50,000,000 as the ditierence between
the value of the imports taken from the custom-
house accounts and the actual value annually im-
ported, it will be seen that $500,000,000 of foreign
goods have been imported into the country, in the
last ten years, beyond what appears in the tables
reported by the Secretary of the Treasury; and
that, m the same period, the frauds upon the pub-
lic revenue have been upwards of seventy-live
million dollars. Under such circumstances, I am
surprised that the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia should interpose any formal or technical ob-
jection to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,] by which
many or all the devices by which such extensive
frauds have heretofore been practiced upon the
revenue may be corrected, and the wants of the
Treasury be amply supplied without the slightest
change of the duties authorized by the act ot IS i(5.
Does not the long continuance of the^c frauds,
and no remedy proposed for their correction, pre-
sent a most extraordinary state of the public
councils and administration of the Government ?
That, is not all. The international trade of the
country has become demoralizing in its tendency;
the tone and character of the American merchant
is lowered; the honest importer is driven from his
employment. I undertake to state th u three
fourths of the foreign trade of the country now
in the hands of foreigners, their agents or favors.
If I am wrong m my estimate, I would thank my
|j fiiend from Rhode Island to correct inc.
