1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 13.
the gentleman frojn Ohio—no-party man as he
says lie is—belonging neither to the Democratic
party, the Republican, or the American party, if
he ever voted with the Democratic party?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Thegentleman himself has
abandoned the Democratic party. He did within
the last four days, and he knows it; when I voted
for the deficiency bill and he voted against it.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well; admitting that
to be true 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then you are out of the
Democratic party.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to show the gentle-
man from Ohio how this new bill of the gentleman
from New York having two commissioners of po-
lice belonging to one party and two belonging to
the other—aboard which is neither fish, fowl, nor
good red herring; I say I desire to show how har-
moniously such a board would act. They could
agree upon no one proposition, and could coop-
erate in nothing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have never read the new
police bill to which the gentleman refers, and per-
haps do not understand its details. But I have
this to say, that if he cannot trust his own Ex-
ecutive and his own party upon a deficiency bill
which proposes to sustain the army which they
have sent to the frontier to suppress rebellion, I
cannot trustit with the appointment of a police for
the protection of this city and District. I have taken
some notice for many years past of the police reg-
ulations of this city, and I have concluded to resist
an increase of Executive patronage. I should
much prefer that my constituents, when they
come here to the national metropolis, should come
prepared to protect themselves. I will not, there-
fore, as their Representative, vote to give the
Executive the appointment of this police force,
demanded by the Senate's bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. Yet this very gentleman from
Ohio, voted in favor of the deficiency bill, which
gave the Executive Departments absolute contiol
over eight or nine million dollars, and takes pecu-
liar credit to himself for having aided in its pas-
sage.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir;I beg yourpardon.
I claim no credit for the vote. 1 gave the vote to
carry on the Government and to subdue alleged
rebellion.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ohio
takes particular credit to himself forsooth. He
accuses me of want of party fidelity, because 1
voted against the bill. Yet he voted for the bill,
and is a no-paity man.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was declared by the
Executive that a far off Territory was in a state
of rebellion. Estimates were sent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means who reported a bill—
and my fnend from Virginia, upon my right,
[Mr. Letcher,] who had charge of the matter,
sustained it ably—to supply deficiencies created
by supplies to put down that rebellion. Consid-
ering the condition of the country, and taking a
comprehensive view of the whole matter, without
regard to parties or to sections, I did sustain the
gentleman's colleague, who took charge of that
bill and uiged its passage. The honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
J. G'lakcy Jovt.s] was not present during the
discussion oil the deficiency bill, I believe, or if
he was present, he was silent. lie spoke not. I
admit that I sustained the Administration mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means,
the gentleman from the Rockingham disti ict, [Mr.
Letcher,] and the gentleman from Missouri,
Mr. Phelps,] my colleagues upon the commit-
tee, under these circumstances. I separated4my-
self from my party friends and from you, sir.
Mr. CLEMENS. You have no party. You
just now said so. [Laughter ]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Si r; you have abandoned
your Administration. You have denounced and
repudiated it by your vote, and are read out of its
organization by its organ, and it is for you to
settle your account with your own party in power;
not for me to respond to your demand.
Mr. CLEMENS. Between the Washington
Union and the gentleman from Ohio, the subject
of this deficiency bill will be pretty well blown.
I liuw nothing further to say upon the subject of
the deficiency bill for the present.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that tho deficiency bill is
rather a delicate subject to certain gentlemen over
here. Suppose you confine your remarks to the
police bill. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is reminded
that the bill now under consideration, was made
by the House a special order; and undera special
order the state of the Union generally is not under
consideration, and therefore debate must be con-
fined to the subject-matter of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bur-
nett.] I wish to learn at what time, and where,
is the caucus of the new Democratic party to be
held—including the principal portion of the old
firm of Houston, Jones, and Letcher? [Great
laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
belongs to a party, I believe, which claims the
right to bind its members to the most solemn sc-
crecy, and I hope he will pardon me if, on this
subject, I adopt his rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman may, if lie
chooses, adopt the Know-Nothing rule.
Mr. CLEMENS. To come back to the con-
sideration of the bill now before the committee.
Some few months ago, Congress appointed com-
missioners to draft a new code of laws for the
District of Columbia. That code was drawn up
by the commissioners, and submitted to a vote of
the people of the District. It was an efficient code,
and was intended to guard life and property, and
to give to the people of this District greater secu-
rity than they ever had before. What was the
result of that submission ? That code was voted
down. If there is any fault in reference to that
measure, it was with the people to whom it was
submitted, and who refused to adopt it by a pop-
ular vote. In regard to the bill presented to the
House by my colleague from Virginia, I can see
no rational objection, cither to its details or to its
piinciples; and I tiust that those gentlemen upon
this side of the Chamber who have heretofore
professed so much interest in the people of this
District, will carry this bill at once, and settle this
question.
Mr. BLISS. Is it now in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment of thegentleman
from Virginia?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia is itself an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. BLISS. I supposed it would not be in
order. But I will take this opportunity to indi-
cate the amendments which I intend to offer when
such action shall be had upon the pending amend-
ment as to make them m order. I state them
now, because I shall not, probably, then have an
opportunity to explain their object.
I propose to insert in line five, before the word
" police," the words " such of the, "and after the
word " Washington," in the same line,the words
" as are or shall be enacted for such protection,"
so that that clause shall read as follows:
That there be esubli&hed an auxihaiy guard, or watch,
foi tin* pioti'cuon ot persons and property, and tor thf en-
fbiconient ol mi011 of the police le^uiations of the city of
Wsi-<hi>!<;ton a-* are or hhall he enacted tor sueii protection,
to consist, &c.
I ask the attention of the committee to these
amendments, because I offer them in good faith,
as a fnend of the general objects of the bill, and i
of the bill i tap If, provided it can be so modified as
to meet my views.
I propose, also, to add to the end of the bill an-
other section, as follows:
Tin* act s*hall not «o into effect until the city of Wash-
ington shall piovide, at lit, own expense, a pohce jfuice
equal to that piovuied lor by tins bill.
I desire to say a few words as expressive of my
views in relation to the obligation resting upon
Congress to legislate and to pay money for the
support of the city government of Washington.
I do not agree in relation to this bill, or in rela-
tion to various other measures which have been
before this House relating to the District of Co-
lumbia, with a large portion, if not a majority, of
those upon this side of the House, and with whom
I am proud to act. In that respect, and in all
other respects not involving the punciplc-s of the
party to which 1 belong, I claim the same inde-
pendence of action as was claimed by my col-
league, [Mr. C\mpbell,] who occupied a portion
of the time of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Clemens.]
It seems to me that the city of Washington
holds a peculiar relation to the people of the Uni-
ted States, and that we are under obligation to do
that for this city which we are not under obliga-
tion to do for any other city within the bounds of
the United States, either in the States themselves
or in the Territories, It was selected for the seat
of Government, away from the populous portions
of the country—retired, as it were, outside of the
hum and bustle of business, so that all the people
of all the States might come together, and act and
consult for the common good of the whole. It is
a sort of common neutral ground, in the good or-
der of which the whole country is interested.
Resulting from that fact, we have here a city
in which a large portion, perhaps a majority, of
the people are but temporary residents. They
come here because this is the seat of Government,
and their business is in some way connected with
it. They are here on business either for the Gov-
ernment, either in the employ of the Government
or on private business connected with the Gov-
ernment. They claim residence, some in Louisi-
ana, some in Maine, some in Ohio, and some in
the most distant portions of the Territories of the
Union. They come here, then, having very little
interest in the city of Washington as a locality;
very little interest in the police regulations of the
city,except so far as they are entitled to personal
protection. Hence the population of this city is
so far different from the population of any other
city in the Union, that it would be unjust and
improper to impose upon the property-holders the
whole expense of furnishing a police, in addition
to the varions other expenses ordinarily apper-
taining to a city government.
Now, as I have said, a large proportion, and I
believe a majority, of the people of this city are
citizens of the various States of this Union, and
they are entitled to protection while they are here
engaged in their own or in the public business.
But there is another reason why we ought to
do something for the protection of the people of
this city. Not only are men congregated here
engaged in lawful and proper business, but it is a
fact—a fact, I believe, not denied by any one con-
versant with the state of things in this city—that
the Government, I will not reflect upon parties,'
or upon this President or any other President, but
still it is a fact that, in some way or other, the
influence of this Government has congregated
around this city more scoundrels and rascals that
need watching by the police, than can be found
in any otherequal population in the United States.
For that reason, also, Congress is bound to pro-
vide some measure for the protection of tho hon-
est, and for ferreting out and arresting the dis-
honest. But it will be seen from the amendment
which I propose to offer, that I do not desire to
relieve the inhabitants of the District from all the
responsibility for their own government or their
own protection, or from all the burdens that are
incidental thereto. It has ever been my political
creed to letcach community, so far as it is possi-
ble, consistently with protecting the great natural
rights of man, govern itself, and leave to this Dis-
trict and to the Territories the management of their
local and private concerns. I would not, there-
fore, have this police called upon to interfere in
any manner whatever with what are merely and
purely matters of local police regulation of the
city. It is true, that so far as the general protec-
tion of person and property is concerned, it is
both local and general; and hence I would fur-
nish apolice to act with and cooperate with the city
police for the protection of person and property.
But there are many things in which none but the
citizens are interested. For instance, they have
market regulations; they have regulations in rela-
tion to licenses and auctioneers; they have regu-
lations in relation to theirown municipal elections;
and there are various other matters that are purely
and exclusively local, which the Federal Govern-
ment should leave, so far as it is possible, to the
management of the people of this District. I may
say, also, that there is another matter that is purely
local, and in reference to which gen tlemen upon this
side of the House feel somewhat sensitive. I be-
lieve there are police regulations in this city m
reference to the assemblage of blacks and mulat-
toes, especially those heldin slavery; and I would
not have the Federal Government have anything
to do in enforcing those police regulations, or any
others of a like character.
It may be said that one of the objects of this
