484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
lion with the committee of the Senate, whose duty
it is to look into this matter, to regulate contracts,
and to present their views in the shape of reports
in regard to all books and documents which are
proposed to be printed by this House, in order
that the House may pass an enlightened judg-
ment upon the report so presented; and until that
report comes in and the judgment of the House
is pronounced upon it, not one dollar for print-
ing, lithographing, engraving, or anything else
connected with this subject, can be expended—
not a dollar. That is the business of the Com-
mittee on Printing, as the rule on the subject
clearly shows. This is the rule, and to it I invite
the attention of gentlemen.
"22. A committee of three members of the Senate and
three members of the House of Representatives shall be
appointed by the Pre&identof the Senate and Speaker of
the House, to be called the Joint Committee on the Public
Printing, which committee shall have a n?ht to decide be-
tween the Superintendent of the Public Printing and the
Public Printer in any dispute which may arise as to the
propriety of the decisions of the Superintendent making
deductions on account of work which the Superintendent
may refuse to receive, or which, in his opinion, may not be
done with proper dispatch, as required bylaw; and the said
committee shall pass upon the accounts of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing. Said committee shall have
power to adopt such measures as maybe deemed necessary
to remedy any neglect or delay in the execution of the public
printing: -provided that no contract, agreement, or arrange-
ment entered into by this committee, shall take effect until
the same shall have been approved by that House of Con-
gress to winch the punting belong*, and. when the printing
delayed relates to the business of both Houses, until both
Houses shall have approved of such contract or arrange-
ment. A1J mouons to print extra copies of any bill, report,
or other document, shall be referred to the members ot the
Committee on Pi in ting fiom the House in which the tiame
may be made "
Now, sir, what is the business of our commit-
tee—the Committee of "Ways and Means ? We
are to take the estimates which are sent to us
from the Departments at the other end of the
avenue, to take the estimates which are sent to us
from the subordinates under those Departments
and under the House of Representatives, to ascer-
tain what contracts they have made under the law,
what sum of money is necessary to meet those
contracts, and then it is our duty to report a bill
to the House for the purpose of discharging the
obligations which the Government has incurred
through those duly constituted agents.
Now, sir, that, 1 take it, is the true distinction
between their duties and ours; that tlicy are to
report to us what contracts they have made, and
it is then our duty to report to this House the
amount of money which is necessary to meet
those contracts, and to pay the obligations which
have been incurred by the Government under
them.
But, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] and other gentlemen in this House,
have undertaken to say that this is not the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means; that it
should not pursue this line of conduct; but that
they must come here and propose legislation; that
it is their business to recommend where these
publications shall stop, and then that the House
should act upon their recommendation.
Sir, it will be recollected that, during the last
Congress, when the Committee of Ways and
Means took charge of a subject which was legiti-
mately brought to their attention in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and which report
was referred to them for their consideration, in
regard to marine hospitals; and when that com-
mittee introduced a proposition into this House,
they were punished for their attempt to legislate
by the defeat of the bill; and some of the very
gentlemen who complain now that we have not
undertaken to legislate on this occasion, are for
punishing us for not legislating, while a year ago
ihey were for punishing us for legislating. If it
was wrong then, is it not equally wrong now?
And if it was right then, why won; we not sus-
tained by the House, and a precedent set upon
which we could act in future, in all cases where
legislation was demanded, and where the public
money could be saved, it will be recollected, sir,
that, under that marine hospital legislation which
was proposed at that time, thousands of dollars
would have been saved to the Government if the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury i
had been carried out by the passage of the meas-
ure, which was proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means. But, sir, it was not sustained,
and that was regarded then as a good reason for
defeating it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; for a single mo-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I think-the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] who has
just closed a very able speech, was one of those
who opposed the proviso which the gentleman
from Virginia alludes to in regard to the marine
hospitals.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, sir, it seems to me that
I have clearly defined, according to the rules of
the House, the relative duties of the Committee
on Printing, and of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
I come now to the action of this House, under
which this expenditure has been made necessary,
and which, I think, will illustrate with sufficient
clearness the propriety of the course of the Com-
mittee of Ways and ISleans in reporting this bill.
The first item to which I call attention, is that of
the naval astronomical explorations to Chili. My
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] is under a
slight mistake when he tells us that but three vol-
umes of that work have been printed, and that
three or more volumes remain yet to be printed.
If I am not much mistaken, six volumes of that
work have been already printed and delivered to
the members of this House.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; only three volumes
have been printed and delivered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. They have
printed the sixth volume, but have not printed the
intermediate ones.
Mr. LETCHER. Another volume is prepared,
and two more are in process of preparation. The
whole work will be comprised, as now reported
by the Superintendent of Public Printing, in seven
volumes. Now, who originated that publication ?
Was it not done in this House ? The Represent-
ative from the State of Kentucky [Mr. Stanton]
was the man who introduced it here for the action
of this body, and it was passed under his advice
and under his direction. And now let us see what
it will cost, taking the average of the cost of the
volumes already printed. The average cost, per
volume, will be $16,441 91. The seven volumes,
therefore, will cost $115,107 37. Now, when the
House of Representatives ordered this book to be
printed, did it intend to print it? When the Com-
mittee on Printing was ordered to make contracts
for the cxccution of the work, did they intend to
fulfill those contracts, or did they intend—as my
friend from Kentucky would have them do—after
the contracts were made, and when progress was
made in their performance, that the House should
then undertake to declare that the balance should
not be completed ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman read the authority of the House for its
publication.
M$. LETCHER. I cannot refer to it just now.
Mr CRAWFORD. It is a resolution that six
thousand copies of the report and two thousand
copies of the observations of the United States as-
tronomical expedition to Chili be printed. That
is the only authority I find for it at all.
Mr. GROW. When was that resolution adopt-
ed ?
Mr. LETCHER. That was at the firstlsession
of the Thirty-Third Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is this sort of
construction to be given to the resolution ? is it
to be presumed that this House intended to print
anything but a report then made ? And is it not a
fact that that report is still unfinished and that men
are actually engaged in writing other volumes ?
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has waked up very late. When the Commer-
cial Relations were ordered to be printed, it was
said here that they would occupy but one volume;
and yet the gentleman from Georgia did not last
year arrest the publication of the third or fourth
volumes of it. So in legard to others which I
shall have occasion to allude to directly, in con-
nection with the Pacific railroad. Now, why is
it that this thing has passed along quietly until
the attention of the people has been attracted to
it? Why is it that while you have gone on here
to publish and distribute the first and second and
sixth volumes of a work, you are to stop in regard
to that work, and not publish the third, fourth,
and fifth volumes ? But I must go on, for I have
little time to dwell on this subject. I call atten-
tion to these items only to show how this thing ia
begun.
I now come to the Pacific railroad reoort.
Seven volumes have been already printed, and
the eighth volume is about prepared for delivery.
The average cost of the volumes already printed
is$77,526 49§. Theeight volumes,then, amount
to $600,211 94§. There are yet three additional
volumes to be supplied; which, at the same rate,
will cost $232,579 48; making for that publication
alone, when completed, $832,791 43}.
That work was ordered at the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress, and the work has
been going on from that day to this.
Now I come to another work—the report of
Major Emory. Let us see how that came to be
published, and what it was expected at the time
would be its cost, i have a letter here from Major
Emory,dated July 29,1856, addressed to the then
Secretary of the Interior, Mr. R. McClelland, in
which Major Emory says, that besides the vol-
ume then sent there would be an appendix. The
appendix has proved to be about the same size
as the first volume.
The letter is as follows:
Office United States Boundary Commission,
Washington, July 29,1858.
Sir : I have the honor to send herewith my report on the
boundary between the United Sut«&and Mexico, together
with prools of such maps and illustrations as have been
completed, numbered from one to sixty-three. The plates
and blocks from which these prools are struck are held by
me subject to your order, or that of Congress.
The general map cannot be completed until next winter;
and the map of the new Territory is not quite completed;
but when finished, no delay willensue in the publication.
By consultation with the printer, I find these map* will be
done quite as soon as the pnntingof the repoit, should it be
concluded to punt that repoit.
Besides the volume now sent in, there u,ill be an appendix,
containing reports upon the botany and nattnal history of
the couniiy adjacent to the boundary, wall from two to
three hundred lifustration5;, many of which are already en-
giavcd and the plates deposited m this office. These icports
are m the hands of Drs. Torrey, Engciman, and Professor
Baird, and other sovans of the country. They promise to
have them all finished in the course of the year. Thw e re-
ports not hems of the same general interest, 1 concluded it
was proper not to delay sending in the general report until
their completion.
Should it be deemed proper to publish the general report
and a limited number of copies of the appendix, t beg to
call attention to my letter to you of April ^3,1858, by which
it will be seen there is a laige surplus of funds which may
be made available for the purpose, and which has been
saved from the appropriations made by Congress for the
prosecution of the work. That surplus is at present mora
than $100,000.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
W. H. EMORY,
United States Commissioner.
Hon. Robert McClelland, Sccretaryof the Interior.
So says Major Emory. On that letter the re-
port was sent in to this House for publication.
Now let us see what it cost. The fust volume
of that repoit, as ordered by the Senate, cost
$26,190 65. The same volume as ordered by th©
House, cost §47,035; making the total cost of the
first volume, to say nothing of the apnendix,
$73,225 G5.
The second volume, or appendix, (three thou-
sand four hundred copies,) for the Senate edition,
contains five hundred and twelve pages, and
will cost $25,840 11. The edition ordered by the
House will cost $87,400; making the cost of
the second volume, for the Senate and House,
$113,240 11; to say nothing of engravings, maps,
illustrations, and other things of that sort. And
then, sir, the item of engraving constitutes a sep-
arate charge. The two volumes, then, give us a
cost of $186,465 76. Well, sir, if. is proposed to
color a pared of thp.se engravings in the second
volume. It is said that if ninety-two plates of
natural history out of two hundred and seventy-
five plain illustrations be colored by hand,as has
been suggested, at a cost of seven cents per im-
pression, there will be one million three hundred
and seventy thousand eight hundred impressions;
which will cost $95,956, which, with the amount
I have already stated, makes the entire cost of
the two volumes $282,421 76.
But that is not all. Accompanying these books
are nine maps; one of which covers the entire
country between the forty-ninth parallel of lati-
tude and the southern boundary of the United
States; the plate for which was engraved in the
first instance, but it was erroneously engraved,
and was rejected as being incorrect. This plats
