2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
ciples. The amfendmentproposed'by "the Senate
means simply nothing at all. It requires the Ex-
ecutive departments to give us the very inform-
ation whicn is given to us every year. It is, there-
fore, perfectly nugatory to put in that provision.
The Senate provision is an evasion, and amounts
-to nothingatall. if the House surrender thegreat
principle contained in the second section, they
surrender more than they have dtfne this session,
because there is more of reform secured by that
section than in any other provision of law passed
this session.
Mr. SllANTON. I would suggest to my col-
league that he is mistaken in one thing. The gen-
tle-man from Georgia says that if Congress be not
in session when the fiscal year expires, the works
will have to stop. My colleague says that Con-
gress is in session three or four months before
the close of the fiscal year. I say he is mistaken,
for Congress is always in session eighteemmonths
before tne fiscal year expires. Congress meets in
December, and the fiscal year does not expire nil
June in the second following year, so that there
are eighteen months to anticipate deficiencies.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The objection is
made, that when we appropriate money to crect
custom-houses, and when the year expires, un-
less Congress makes another appropriation, the
money cannot be expended. Well, that 1 s right.
Congress ought to appropriate so much money
to be expended in a given year, and if it cannot
be judiciously expended by the executive de-
partment, Congress ought to determine whether
any more money will be expended there. If
there is a deficiency, the department must call on
Congress to supply the deficiency; but they have
no right to take money appropriated for one pur-
pose and apply it to another. Congress must, in
its wisdom, determine whether the work ought to
stop, and Congress ought to have power to stop
it at any time. If you do not insist on that right,
you recognize the validity of that very usurpation
and abuse on which all parties have agreed during
the present session of Congress. And therefore
this proposition, which the Senate have stricken
out, when it was first offered here received the
unanimous assent of the House-, and afterwards,
when it was again considered, it received the
votes of more than two to one. The more it is
considered and discussed, the more important and
practicable it ppears totvymind. I hope,theie-
ibre, that the House will insist upon its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate; and now,
jn pursuance oi my promise to the gentleman
from Georgia, I move the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr.SHERMAN,ofOhio. The previous ques-
tion is not under my control, j renewed it at the
instance of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. JACKSON. I have no objection to its
withdrawal for a few moments.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then, of course,
I withdraw it.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say only a few
words in explanation of what I regard as one of
the most important subjects connected with our
appropuation bills that has come up for the con-
sideration of Congress at its present session. The
gentleman from Ohio is entirely in error in stating
that this amendment was unanimously adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No objection was
made to it, I heheve.
Mr. MILLSON. There was objection. I ob-
jected to it myself.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The first time it
was offered ?
Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir; I objected to it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There were many
objections to it; but the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to a certain extent, ac-
cepted it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 only know that
when the amendment was first offered, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means said
that there was no objection to it, and I understood
that none was made.
Mr. MILLSON, I have no doubt in the world
that the object of the gentleman from Ohio is per-
fectly right and proper, and that he desires to ef-
fect what he considers a salutary reform. I have
no doubt his purpose is good; but I wish simply
to show him that the amendment is utterly im-
practicable, and that if it were to become the law
now,-it would be repealed by the general consent
©f both Houses of Congress,"and upon the united
demand of every Department of the Government,
at the very next session. I desire briefly to call
his attention to one or two considerations which,
I think, will make this evident to his own mind.
We have a law already which provides that all
the money? appropriated by Congress, and not
expended for the objects for which they are ap-
propriated, shall return to the Treasury after the
next fiscal year. The effect of the amendment of
the. gentleman from Ohio is, that these moneys
shajl be retimed to- the Treasury at the end of
the first fiscal year.
Now, i beg leave to call his attention to the
difficulties which would prevent the successful
exe#ution of such a provision of law. The gen-
tleman must know or ought to know that it is not
until appropriations are made by Congress that
contracts are made by the different Departments of
the Government for the purpose of obtaining the
supplies, purchasing the merchandise, engaging
the services, or prosecuting the works which are
the objects of appropriations. No bureau of the
Government will make a contract for any sup-
plies or for any labor in advance of appropria-
tions. They wait until the money is appropri-
ated. The law requires that the contracts shall be
advertised for from four to six weeks m the pub-
lic papers throughout the United States. Then
proposals come in sometimes from the most dis-
tant parts of the country; sometimes the propo-
sals from California do not come m for months
after the passage of the law, or the commence-
ment of the fiscal year. Then the Departments
jaftnetimes require weeks and months to scale the
and ascertain upon an inspection of all the
various proposals, who is the lowest bidder for
any specific article. You have then got to three
or four months after the commencement of the
fiscal year before you even ascertain who is to
receive the contracts. Then you have a delay of
fiom three to four weeks in the execution of the
contracts, and in the contractors providing secu-
rities. And when you have got the contracts ex-
ecuted, then sometimes three, six, nine, or twelve
mouths are required for the delivery of the ar-
ticles, and m almost all cases, you come to the
winter season before you commence. Well, when
you come into the winter season, the weather is
altogether unsuitcd for the commencement of the
woik. You have to purchase granite, it may be,
for the construction of custom-houses. That
cannot lie had in the winter. The spring will
sometimes open before a woik can be commenced
winch has been provided for in a previous l.iw,
and for which a contract has been executed by
the Government. So that it will almost invari-
ably happen that you will exhaust eight or nine
months of the fiscal year before you can expend
a dollar of the money appropriated for that year.
Now, the effect of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio would be to restrict the pay-
ment of the money appropriated by Congress, to
about three months of the fiscal year. Sometimes
the money will not be called for by the contract-
ors during the first fiscal year. Always ten or
twenty per cent on the amounts due to contract-
ors, is withheld until the final execution of the
contracts. They arc not entitled to demand that
money, and to say that no portion of the money
appropriated shall be drawn from the Treasury
except during the fiscal year for which it is appro-
priated, is to so cripple the operations of the Gov-
ernment as to prevent it from doing almost any-
thing that the public necessities may require. I
will state to the gentleman, that a similar propo-
sition was made in the Senate, and was adopted
by the Senate on motion of a Senator from Maine,
[Air. Fussenden.] The Senate had not then con-
sidered the subject at all, but in the interval be-
tween the agreement to the amendment in Com-
mittee of the Whole of the Senate, and the final
action upon the amendment m the Senate itself,
the members of that body had become perfectly
assured that the change was highly inexpedient
and would prove mischievous, and by general
consent they disagreed to the amendment which
they had before agreed to. Now, it was for these
reasons that the Senate disagreed to the amend-
mentof the House, the Senate having been them-
selves led into the error into which the gentleman
from Ohio has fallen, and into which he has led
this House, and they took the promptest method
of repairing their error, and I trust-the House
will do also(by receding from their amendment.
And now, in compliance with the engagement
which I made, I renew the demand for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I trust the gentle-
man will allow me a moment to reply.
t Mr. JACKSON. How long will the gentle-
man want?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. About three min-
utes.
Mr. JACKSON. Well, I have no objection
to the floor being yieJded to the gentleman for
three minutes, as we have had two speeches on
this side.
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will not detain
the House but for a moment. I have considered
the objections of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson.] 1 have conversed with him upon
the subject, and he has already stated frankly his
objections before. I have great respect for his
opinions, but I am unable to see that these ob-
jections apply at all. The provision inserted by
the House in this bill does not prevent the De-
partments from using the unexpended balances
of one year to pay the unpaid debts of that year,
where contracts have been made in the current
year and the debt accrued in that year. It only
prohibits the application of balances for the ser-
vice of future fiscal years—for contracts made m
future years.
And here is the difference between the House
amendment and the Senate amendment, proposed
by the Senator from Maine, referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.J The
House amendment is designed, and I believe it
will have the effect, of correcting a practice which
has been carried on during several Administra-
tions, Whig and Democratic. A gentleman says
fur the last thirty or forty years. The gentleman
from Georgia [ Mr. Jackson] says that Senator
Trumbull concurred in the amendment of the
Senate. I do not so understand it; I conversed
with him this morning, and he spoke of the pro-
vision as one of much importance.
Mr. JACKSON. I only wish to say that I
know nothing of the views of Senator Trumbull,
except from the views which he expressed in the
committee room.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think it
in order to refer to the individual opinions of
members expressed in committee.
Mr. JACKSON. I only referred to it because
the gentleman from Ohio referred to the views of
Senator Trumbull.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the Chair
was not called to the allusion of the gentleman
from Ohio, or he would have interrupted him.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question on the motion.
The SPEAE1ER. The effect of the previous
question, if seconded, will be to bring the House
to a vote first upon the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia to recede; and, if that fail, then upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio to insist.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to ask the
Chair whether the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio is not received as an amendment of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. They are independent mo-
tions. If the gentleman will refer to the one hun-
dred and tenth page of the Manual, he will find
the order in which the motions are to be put.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HARLAN asked the yeas and nays upon
the motion to rccede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100,-nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adraw, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, .
Barksdale, Bishop, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett,
Oaruther?, Caskie, Cavanaugh, Ezra Clark, Horace F.
Clark, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane,
CockeriH, Corning, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawfoid, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, Gartrell3GiUisi,Goode,
Gieenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch,
Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewell, J.
Gktncy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,
Landy, Lawrence, Leuly, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin,
McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Ma?on, Miles, Million,
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaek, Peyton, Jolm S. Phelp?,
Phillips, Powell, Gtuitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin,
Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward,
