1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2595
Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Stalhvorlh, Stevenson, James A. Stewatt, Talbot, Miles
Taylor, Vallandigham, Wlnte, Win,slow, Woodson, Wor-
tendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—100.
NAYS — Mcsms. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billing-
Iim^t,liinglmm, Blair, Bhs^, lluffinton,Caee, Clawson, Col-
fax, Comma, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Bodd, Edie, Eustis, Farnsworth,Fen-
ton, Garnett, Gilman, GiJmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Grow,
Hatlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Love-
joy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Murray, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purviance,Ricaud, Bobbins, Roberts, Uoyee, Aaron
Shaw, John-Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,William Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bridge,Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Zoliicofter
—87.
So the House agreed to recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JACKSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to recede from its dis-
agreement; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOCATION OF LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. CARUTHERS obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the consent
of the House, at the instance of my colleague, [Mr.
Caruthers,] who is not well enough to address
the House, to take up Senate bill (No. 41) to pro- i
vide for the location of certain confirmed private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes. It is known to the House that my col-
league has been absent, from indisposition, the
greater portion of the session. This is a bill m
which his constituents feel a good deal of interest,
and I hope there will be no objection to taking up
the bill and putting it on its passage. The bill
relates to certain old land claims which have been
the subject of adjudication. 1 ask that the Com-
mittee of the W hole House may be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and that
it may be put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. It is the recollection of the
Chair that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] the other day entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. BLAIR. I made the motion at the request
of my colleague, [Mr. Caruthers.] 1 reported
the bill from the Committee on Private Land
Claims. It was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and I entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I call up
the motion to reconsider. The bill was reported,
as I understand, without objection, by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and I presume
there will be no objection.
Mr. EDIE. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Missouri to allow the vote to be taken upon
the motion to reconsider. It will not then require
unanimous consent to bring the bill before the
House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That is my in-
tention.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that the vote may now be
taken upon the motion to reconsider, and the bill
brought before the Hou&c for action.
The bill was read in exlenso.
Mr. BLAIR. The claims for land provided for
by this bill were confirmed under previous laws,
but the land for which they were confirmed had
previously been sold anu entered. There was
then no land to satisfy them. This bill only
allows the claimants to locate their claims upon
any of the public lands of the United States open
to public entry.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Missouri, as I see that these
confirmations were made in 1812, why it is that
forty-six years have intervened between this and
that time, and no action has been taken on the
subject ?
Mr. BLAIR. It was supposed for a long time
that these claims could be located elsewhere,
after it had been found that the lands for which
they had been confirmed had been sold or entered
by other persons. Some of the land was embraced
by the school sections. Attorney General Gil-
pin, under Mr. Van Burcn's administration, de-
cided that the claims could not be floated and lo-
cated elsewhere. A special act was then passed
for the relief of some of the claimants. This bill
provides for them all, and saves the necessity of
passing an act in every single instance.
Mr. COBB. Does this bill allow the claimants
to go upon any of the public lands and upon the
alternate railroad sections which are held at $2 50
per acre ?
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. The bill pro-
vides that the entry shall be made upon lands of
the United States held for sale at $1 25 per acre.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR withdrew the motion to refer; and
demanded the previous question on the passage
of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE M. GORDON.
Mr. COBB. On Saturday last I entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill
(No. 83) to vest the title to certain warrants for
land in George M. Gordon was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House. There was
then a disposition to pass the bill, which was
unanimously reported from the Committee on
Public Lands; but as other matters of public im-
portance pressed, I did not ask that the motion
should be considered.
The bill directs the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, under such regulations as he may
prescribe, to recognize the assignment made to
George M. Gordon on the 21st of January, 1852,
by Edmund Hugill, sergeant in Captain Gordon's
company, third regiment of United States infan-
try, and James Mclntyre, a private of the same
company and regiment, to whom warrants Nos.
78,402, and 78,403 respectively, issued on-the 13th
of July, 1853, so as to vest the legal title m said
warrants in George M. Gordon, his heirs or as-
signs, according to the intention of the parties.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer; and it was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT SNELLING.
Mr. MORRILL took the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I'ask the gentle-
man to yield me the floor one moment, to take
from the Speaker's table a private bill for the pur-
pose of putting it on its passage. The circum-
stances are these: a firm m Missouri agreed to
transport railroad iron to certain points. The
railroad iron was in bond at New Orleans. A por-
tion was to be delivered at Keokuk, Iowa; and
another portion at St. Louis. These gentlemen
gave their bonds for its delivery. By mistake all
of it was delivered at St. Louis. There is a judg-
ment rendered against them by confession.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot yield for that bill,
as it must occupy some time in discussion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is a case on
which action should be taken.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment to take up a bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I must decline. I think that
the question we have before us to-day, as the spe-
cial order, ought to be considered; and I do not
think that we have more time than is necessary
tor its consideration.
Mr. GROW. The loan bill has not been passed;
and as this discussion can go on another day, I
move that this Fort Snelling report be postponed
until Thursday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
The question being on Mr. Grow's motion,
there were, on a division—ayes 52, noes 71.
Mr. GROW. 1 want to take up the loan bill
to-day. I do not care whether the Port Snelling
"matter goes over till to-morrow or till Thursday.
I modify my motion to make it to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, instead of Thursday.
Mr. FAULKNER. It has been already post-
poned twice. • ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I raise the Ques-
tion of order that one motion to postpone having
been voted down, another motion to postpone* is
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The question was j>ot finally
disposed of. ' ,
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's motion
as modified; and it was not agreed to; there beiag, _
on a division—ayes 59, noes 85.
Mr. MORRILL. In order, Mr, Speaker, that *
my remarks may be intelligible to those members
of the House who have not been able to read
through the vast volume of testimony in this case,
I shall confine myself mainly to a recital of the
facts as they appear in the evidence, and leave
the conclusions to the judgment of the House.
This site, Mr. Speaker, about which there has
been so much controversy, was occupied first
during the administration of Secretary Calhoun
in the War Department, nearly forty years.ago.
It was then selected by the military officers on
account of its superior advantages as a military
site. Through all the time, from that day down
to and through the administration of General
Pierce, it has been one of the most useful posi-
tions on our western frontier—more occupied,
perhaps, than any other military position on our
whole northwestern border. Itisapositionwhich
has attracted also a good deal of attention on ac-
count of its superior beauty of location, its agri-
cultural ad vantages, and its more notable advant-.
ages for a town site. Whatever witnesses in this
case may have differed upon as to other matters,
they nearly all agree that, as a point for a town
site, it possesses superior advantages over any
other in that part of the country. Therefore, it
has been an object with speculators for some years
to bring it into market. It was brought into market
here when the present Secretary of War came into
office, within a few days after it was brought to
his notice, and before he had been in his place
more than about six weeks. Such baste would
imply some strong compelling motive. I think
it was not the public interest.
I do not propose to discuss this question in a
political point of view. I would have no politi-
cal feeling to gratify on this subject. I shall en-
deavor that neither sympathy for, nor political
disgust against, the parties who have been mixed
up in the transaction, shall affectmy judgment. I
conceive that a great wrong has been done to the
country; and this House, as the grand inquest of
the nation, is in duty bound to look into it, calmly
and deliberately, and true deliverance make as to
all the parties in the transaction, if there is any
disposition on the part of gentlemen on the other
side of the House to mix up party feelings in this
question, I would warn them against making this
a precedent, to be followed in all coming time.
I know that it is customary, when a party ab-
tains power m this country, that they shall mo-
nopolize the offices; but I have yet to learn that
the Treasury is to be illegally plundered, or that
the interests of the country are to be sacrificed in
consequence of such a monopoly, and therefore I
think that it would be a great misfortune to the
country that this case should go into the history
and records of our country as a precedent, to be
distinctly avowed and acted upon by all parties.
Mr. Speaker, the very impartial and careful
report of the majority of the committee, made by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] re-
lieves me from a considerable amount of labor.
The report of the minority—and I take pleasure
in testifying to the high-toned bearing of the gen-
tlemen of the minority throughout the whole prog-
ress of this investigation—the report of the mi-
nority, in my judgment, does not make a single
position that is maintained in the majority report
untenable. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Faclkker,] who made the minority report, says:
They felt no dissatisfaction at the fact that a majority
of tile committee, with whom they were called upon to act,
were politically arrayed against the leading policy of the
Government, and might, in addition to their sense of public
dutv, feel stimulated by the rare gratification of discovering
something worthy of condemnation m the official conduct
of an Administration to which they were opposed."
I find no fault with that rather ingeniously con-
structed sentence, although I think that, perhaps
unintentionally, it contains alittle sarcasm on the
present Administration. Certainly, if one was
disposed to seek for gratification of this sort, it
