1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
him the censure and want of confidence of his
constituents, and of the gentlemen who constitute
the Congress of the United States, let us remem-
ber that June is almost here; that the people will
then have an opportunity to make another Mayor;
and that, may be", they will select another and a
better man for the office.
Now, sir, I would be the last man to suspect
that the object of this bill is to take away from
the people of this District the right and the power
to have their own police appointed by their own
officials. I cannot suspect that there lies con-
cealed, under this proposition, any intent of that
sort, or that the gentlemen of the Committee for
the District of Columbia desire to take this power
away from the Mayor, lest he may be a man op-
posed to Democratic sentiments, or that they want
" to make assurance doubly sure," by taking it
away before the election, and transferring it to
-the President of the United States! Surely there
is no such thing as that in this bill ?
Mr. BURNETT. Would you vote for the bill
if the power of appointment was conferred on the
Mayor ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
then have no objection to voting for it, except
my objection proceeded from one point—that is,
as to the magnitude of the force. I prefer, I con-
fess, that the power should proceed from a board
of commissioners, if that can be done consist-
ently with the rights vested in the Mayor. In
fact, on reflection, my own opinion is that the
Mayor of the city of Washington is the proper
person to have this power of appointment and re-
moval. If it should be the view of that side of
the House to increase this force to one hundred
men, leaving the power of appointment where it
is now, to wit, in the Mayor, I shall make no ob-
jection. I do not know but I shall support it,
although I think it likely that one hundred men
for an auxiliary guard is more than a fair propor-
tion to be supported by the Government. I think
the Mayor and Aldermen ought to furnish an equal
proportion.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman for informa-
tion whether there is any impediment nowin the
way of the Mayor and Aldermen of this city in-
creasing the police force to a proper extent if they
wish to do so ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. None that
I know of.
Mr. GOODE. They have not the money, or
the power of taxation to raise the money, to sup-
port an increased force.
Mr. BILL1NGHURST. Let me ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky if there is any power in
this bill to reduce the force at anytime hereafter,
if it be ascertained thatone hundred men are more
than are required for the good order of the city?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suppose
Congress has a right to modify or repeal the law
at any time.
Mr. B1LLINGHURST. But is there any
power in the board of commissioners or the Sec-
retary of the Interior to reduce this force of one
hundred men to a lower point?
„ Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. So I under-
stand .
Mr. BILLINGHURST. There is no discre-
tionary power.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then the
only rerned y is in my proposition, that the Mayor
shall have a right to remove them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman,
these very inquiries show the impropriety of the
course that has been pursued, and that we ought
to have amended and perfected the bill before gen-
eral discussion was had upon it. I have here an
amendment which I desired to offer; and there are
several other gentlemen also having amendments
which, if offered, might have removed some of
the objections that have been made to the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have said
all that 1 suppose is necessary to say in regard to
this bill. I think we ought to be guided by this
rule, that we ought not certainly to furnish more
men in the way of an auxiliary guard than the
police force furnished by the city authorities. I
think our auxiliary guard ought to be placed on
exactly the footing of the police force itself, and
under the control of the municipal authorities. I
think that there is a propriety in the suggestion
that the Mayor and civic administration here
should have the free exercise of the ptfwer given
to them by the charter. I think we ought to be-
ware and notestablishauniformedpretorian guard
to be at the beck of the Secretary of the Interior
or of the President, under the pretense of carrying
out and enforcing the police regulations of alocal
municipal corporation.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not intend, Mr. Chair-
man, to say anything at all in regard to the pro-
visions of this bill. I had hoped that the bill was
of such a characteras would appeal to gentlemen
on all sides of the House for their support. As
a member of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, I certainly had no intention, when 1
agreed to report this bill to the House, of giving
to it a party character. I have no intention now
to do so. It is conceded on all sides of the House
that legislation, in order to protect life and prop-
erty in this District, is absolutely necessary; and
the only difference of opinion that sjtlms to exist,
is as to the mode or manner of that legislation.
And I must express my profound regret that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Comins]
felt himself called upon to endeavor to give to this
bill a partisan character. Now, sir, I say to that
gentleman, as I do to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bliss,] that if there be abuses in the admin-
istration of justice here, under the courts that
we have organized for the government of this
District; and if he or they will introduce a bill
having for its object the correction of these
abuses, I will go as far as the furthest in wiping out
everything like abuses. I am for having laws,
and having those laws enforced, so long as they
are on the statute-book. Grave charges have been
made against our district court, and against the
officer that presides over it. I do not know him.
I know nothing about his ability as a lawyer,
or about his integrity as a judge. If he has failed
in the performance of his duties, there is a mode
marked out for getting rid of him. But when we
introduce abill here for thepurposeof regulating
the police force of this District—a bill which, in
my judgment, is absolutely demanded—I do hope
that gentlemen will not, in their assaults on that
measure, endeavor to array party against party,
and to appeal to the prejudices on this side or on
the other.
My colleague [Mr. Marshall] has discovered
a new principle in law, if I understand him cor-
rectly, and that is, that the Legislature which cre-
ates a charter has no power to alter or amend that
charter without the consent of the corporators. I
find that under the Constitution the Congress of the
United States is made the sole legislative power
or this District. Congress has the power to pass
alllaws for its government. The Constitution con-
fers this power upon it, and you will find that that
power carries with it not only the power to repeal
the charter and the power to abolish the munici-
pal government, but also the sole and exclusive
right to legislate for the people here directly. If
we saw proper to exercise that power, we might
to-day wipe out the city charter. Under the Con-
stitution of the United States, this Congress has
the power to legislate exclusively for the people
of this District, and to pass all needful rules and
regulations for their government. I do not say
that I am in favor of any such measure. I would
be opposed to it; but yet I say the power exists;
and under that power we have the right to amend,
alter, or change the charter of the city govern-
ment at will.
What else ? My colleague takes the position,
furthermore, of a lawyer, (and I admit that he is
a very able lawyer,) that under the provisions of
the city charter, which confers on the Mayor the
power of appointment, if you pass a subsequent
law which says that the appointing^ power shall
be lodged elsewhere, the Mayor still can exer-
cise the power of removal at his will. _ That is
his proposition, as I understand it. It is to con-
fer upon a different set of men the power to make
the appointment of these officers; and when that
power has been exercised under the law, that
there is no power that can change or alter the
appointment .
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think my
colleague docs not comprehend my argument.
Mr. BURNETT. I certainly do not desire to
do my colleague injustice.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Of course
not; but I think my colleague did not compre-
hend my proposition. My proposition is this:
while your chartter remains the law of thte land,
conferring the power of appointment and removal
on the Mayor, yet, although you may eonfer the
power to appoint a particular police force*- on the
President, that does not, cx vi termiiii, take away
from the Mayor the power of removal.. s
Mr. BURNETT. I understood my colieagtw*
perfectly, but I think he does not take into eori-
sideration that this is for the appointment-of a.
force outside the city charter, independent of' it;
and in no way governed or controlled by the city.1
charter.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will my col-
league suffer me to interpolate a word right there?
My argument embraced that proposition distinct-
ly. It was this: that if you undertook to organ--
ize this police outside the city charter, and leave'
untouched the law vesting in the Mayor the power
of regulating the police force of the city, the
power of appointment and removal will of neces-
sity remain with him.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to call the attention
of my colleague to the seventh section of this bill,
which repeals all laws inconsistent with this act.
Mr. SEW ARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to call his attention to the third section, of the-
bill?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I cannot yield fur-
ther. Now, I understand my colleague not to be
opposed to the passage of a law increasing the po-
lice force in this city, provided he can be satis-
fied as to the appointing power. I understand-
him to be in favor of the appointment of commis-
sioners for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
Mayor is best.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well. My colleague
spoke of the appointment of a board of commis-
sioners. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dodd,] my colleague on the Committee for the
District of Columbia, recommends, I believe, the
conferring of this power upon a board of commis-
sioners. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Leiter]
proposed to confer the power upon a board of
three persons, mentioned byname. Now, here
is the objection to these propositions: you divide
the responsibility; you lodge the responsibility
in the hands of three or four persons; and when
you do that you weaken the efficiency of the ap-
pointees.
But, sir, what is the reason given for this pro-
posed amendment? It is said that the object is
to prevent the power from being lodged where it
will be U3ed for partisan purposes. If the objec-
tion was well taken, I would go with the gentle-
man who made the proposition,because I do not
want to give it any such character, or confer any
such powers. But let us examine the proposition
for a moment. The gentleman from New York
proposes to make this board of commissioners
elective by the people. What is the history of
elections here in the city of Washington? I do
not charge the fault upon any political party—
upon the Democratic party or the American party
of this city—but I ask you what is the history of
the elections in Washington city ? The present
Mayor, elected by the people, is said to be a
Democrat. He has, in his appointment, fifty-two
men under the city charter, in addition to the fif-
teen men who have been alluded to as the auxil-
iary guard, paid for out of the public Treasury.
With this force of sixty-seven men, under the
authority of the officers of the city government,
how are the police regulations of the city executed?
How are they managed? You find here murder
as a matter of every day occurrence, with arson,
burglary, and every crime known in the cata-
logue; and yet the Mayor, with this force of po-
lice under him, has been totally inefficient in sup-
pressing these outrages. You have seen these
crimes committed day after day, and what effort
has the Mayor, with his police force, made to pre-
vent them? If he has endeavored to execute the
laws of this oity, he must certainly have a most
inefficient body of men placed under him.
Now, sir, if you confer the appointing power
upon the Mayor, you can only judge of the future
by the past; and when you look back into the past
to see how the laws have been executed, you find
that, with the appointing power vested in the
Mayor, and with a considerable force under him,
the laws have not been executed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Did you
ever hear any complaints until the present Mayor
wasincfrRce?
