1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
I wish my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] to watch me and see if I do injustice.
I understand the war is to be against all banks
and all paper circulation. If that is not the policy
of the President and his political friends, I should
like to have it disavowed. A question has even
been raised as to the constitutional power of the
States to charter State banks. Upon that point
I will refer the Senate to an argument which ap-
pears to me to be conclusive. In General Jack-
son's time, and when the question of currency
and the right of the General Government to con-
trol it, was one very much discussed, Mr. Galla-
tin, who took a deep interest in all such questions,
was asked, in a mixed company, whether, in his
opinion, the States had the constitutional power
to chartcr banks of issue ? He replied to this
question by asking one in his turn, which was,
"how many of the States had chartered such
banks ?" The gentleman who had made the first
inquiry replied that he believed all but one or two.
" Well, then," said Mr. Gallatin, " I ought to
consider the question very carefully before I de-
cide that the States have no power to charter
banks;" implying, of course, that a power which
had been exercised from the time the Constitu-
tion was formed, and antecedent to that time under
the old Confederation, which nearly every State
in the Union had exercised, it was at that late
day idle to suppose could be determined differ-
ently, or that tne States would ever surrender the
power; and it is well for the country that it is so.
Any attempt to bring the chartered banks of the
States under the control of the Federal Govern-
ment by a bankrupt law, would be equally idle
and abortive. It would be regarded as equivalent
to a denial of the constitutional power of the States
to grant bank charters, and a flagrant violation of
their reserved rights. Yet this is the only remedy
the President is able to discover for the preven-
tion or mitigation of those commercial hurricanes
which have so often swept over the country; and
this one, I venture to say, will never be seriously
pressed even by his own political friends. It may
be questioned, in fact, whether it was ever in-
tended to be pressed. Why, then, is this war
upon the banks renewed at this time ?—for it is but
a renewal—a taking up the notes of the same war-
cry which was raised in 1837, upon the failure of
the deposit banks, and which have been feebly
echoed ever since in some sections of the coun-
try. It is the counterpart of the " perish credit,
perish commerce"doctrinecotemporaneously pro-
claimed. I repeat the question, why is it that this
war upon the banks and a paper currency is re-
newed at this time, when no j ust expectation can be
indulged thateither the one or the other can be put
down, or brought underthe control of the Federal
Government ? I answer, that this clamor against
banks, bank credits, and paper money, is renewed
now for the same or similar reasons which oper-
ated in 1837, when it was first heard. The clamor
was then raised to save the party then in posses-
sion of the Government from the just responsi-
bility incurred by tampering with the banks, and
the direct encouragement given to their creation
by the States, and to over-issues, which had re-
sulted so disastrously to the country. The dis-
honesty and bad management of the banks were
then denounced as the sole cause of the revulsion
of that time, just as they are now. Yet they had
increased their issues under the express recom-
mendation of the Government.
A fierce war upon the banks at this time may
be accounted for, in part, by the explosion of the
delusion by which the people have for a long time
been misled as to the efficacy of the sub-Treasury
invention. It is now manifest that it can neither
regulate the currency nor prevent over-trading; but
what is most vexatious to the inventors is, that
while it secures to the Government a metallic cur-
rency for its own support, so far as the receipts
from customs and other sources of revenue ex-
tend, the important discovery is made that when,
from the false policy of the Government in its
commercial regulations, or from any other croise,
the trade of the country is prostrated, no money
of any kind goes into the sub-Treasury, and the
Government is driven to the necessity of resort-
ing to the so much despised and denounced paper
money for its support. At this time, sixty mil-
lions of gold is held by the banks of some four or
five of our large commercial cities alone; yet the
sub-Treasury continues empty, and can only be
relieved by the use of Government credit. But
whatever may be the real motive which has
prompted this renewed attack upon the banks,
whether it be patriotic and intended to promote
the public interest, or as a decoy to divert atten-
tion from tlje great questions and principles which
are involved, one thing is most certain: the gross-
est misapprehension or ignorance of the laws of
trade and currency, as developed by experience,
prevails among those who are leading and insti-
gating the crusade. The President, in arraigning
the banks as the sole cause of the late revulsion,
would seem to be ignorant of the fact that com-
mercial and monetary revulsions may occur from
over-trading in communities in which the cu rrency
is altogether metallic. If any nation or people,
whose currency is composed exclusively of gold
and silver, buy more from a foreign nation or peo-
ple than they can pay for in the ordinary products
of their own industry, the balance must be paid
in the precious metals; and if this unequal trade
continues for any length of time, the currency, or
circulating medium, falls below the amount ne-
cessary to a healthy state of commerce and ex-
changes, and then prices full, credit is impaired,
and trade comes to a stand, just as certainly as
though the currency had consisted chiefly of bank
notes.
If the President is really not ignorant that the
late revulsion may have proceeded mainly from
other causes than the excess of bank issues and
discounts, why does he urge the war against
banks and a paper circulation with such earnest-
ness? The impression produced upon the com-
mon mind, by his views as expressed in his an-
nual message upon this subject, is, that if we had
no banks of issue—no bank-note circulation—if
we hadagold and silver, a hard-money currency,
we should never hear of any more commercial re-
vulsions, bankruptcies, private distress, or the
stoppage of individual enterprise.
I see, sir, that the President, in all that he has
said upon this subject, has allowed his judgment
to be quite too much biased by the known preju-
dices which, from various causes, exist in the
minds of a large portion of the people of this coun-
try against all banks and bank paper, and the in-
stinctive preference of the masses for gold and
silver over their representative value in paper. A
late eminent citizen, long a member of this body,
made a gold and silver or a hard-money Govern-
ment his hobby, as we all know. That distin-
guished gentleman did more to prejudice a large
class of the people against banks and bank notes,
and to fasten a conviction upon their minds that
their interest would be best promoted by a cur-
rency exclusively of gold and silver, by a single
but very simple proposition, and his peculiar mode
of illustrating it, than all the elaborate speeches
made upon the subject in either House of Con-
gress. His proposition was, that every paper
dollar in circulation expelled a gold or silver dol-
lar, and so of a bank note of any greater denomin-
ation. It kept out of circulation its equivalent
amount of gold or silver. To be satisfied that a
gold or silver coin was more valuable than a bank
note of equivalent nominal value, however good
the credit of the bank which issued it, any man
had only to ask himself, when called upon to pay
a debt, and his money on hand consisted in part
of gold and silver coin, and m part of bank notes,
which he would pay out—the hard money or the
paper—the currency which is imperishable, or
that which is perishable? This simple interrog-
atory was enough to settle the question with all
who were not engaged in trade, or who had not
leisure to study the question as a science. The
fallacy of the argument, as one intended to show
that all banks and bank paper ought to be dis-
pensed with, lay too deep for detection by an or-
dinary inquirer.
There are some important truths or doctrines
connected with the subjects of trade and currency,
of which the President and those who sustain
his views would seem to be ignorant, or behind
the age. From the time of Adam Smith, it has
been admitted by writers upon political economy
that bank notes, or a paper circulation founded
upon such securities as insure their convertibility
into gold and silver on demand, are of equal value
in all respects to gold and silver. A not less im-
portant fact, which appears to be ignored by the
President, is the superior advantages and con-
venience, in some respects, of a paper currency,
or circulation convertible into gold or silver. A
sound paper circulation has not only the advant-
age of cheapness and convenience, as a medium
of exchange, but, to the extent that it takes the
place of the gold and silver that would otherwise
be required to be kept in circulation in any com-
munity or country as a medium of exchange, it
add? to the floating or unfixed capital of the coun-
try. The gold and silver dollar released or ex-
pelled from circulation by a paper dollar, being
no longer required as a medium of exchange—in
which employment it could not increase, but, on
the contrary, daily loses by abrasion—becomes a
part of the active and productive capital of the
country, and adds its due proportion of increase
to its wealth.
If, therefore, the President and those who sup-
port his policy should succeed in putting down
all banks of issue, and provide no other paper
circulation of equal value, it can be demonstrated
that $100,000,000, at least, would' be withdrawn
from the present productive capital of the coun-
try, without any equivalent benefit.
But, after all, I cannot suppose that the Presi-
dent is so profoundly ignorant of these laws of
currency and trade as his policy in making war
upon the banks, and pandering' to the popular
prejudice against paper money, would seem to
indicate. When he assumes that the present
monetary and commercial condition of the coun-
try is to be accounted for by the excessive issues
of bank notes, the extravagant expansion of bank
credits and discounts, and suggests no other rem-
edy for these evils, except to subject the banks to
the penalties of a bankrupt law, be must be sup-
posed, in charity to him as an intelligent gentle-
man, to be controlled by some higher law, by
more imperative obligations in liis present posi-
tion, than any which the true interests of the
country would dictate or prescribe. How is it,
that he makes no reference in his message to any
practical remedy for the evils of a deranged cur-
rency ? Because he is forbidden by the creed of
the party which brought him into power. I do
not wish to speak of this subject, if it could be
avoided, in reference to parties at all; but we know
that a large amount of the political capital of the
Democratic party, and which they have wielded
with great effect for the last quarter of a century,
is founded in opposition to a United States bank.
It has been ostentatiously paraded every four
years in their platforms—opposition, unrelenting
opposition, to a United States bank. Look at the
Baltimore and Cincinnati platforms, and every
preceding platform from the time of General Jack-
son, and you will find that opposition to a United
States bank is a prominent article in the creed of
that, party; and yet, in the last fifteen years at
least, nobody, Whig or American, has proposed
the establishment of a United States bank. It has
for twenty years been held up as a monster—a
raw-head and bloody-bones, to frighten the weak
and timid. It answers the same invaluable pur-
pose to the Democratic party that, for half a cen-
tury or more the Pretender did to a corrupt Min-
istry of the British Crown. It was only necessary
in Protestant England to get up some alarm about
the Pretender and Popery, to silence ail opposi-
tion to the Cabinet Ministers or to the policy of
the reigning dynasty.
The President is forbidden by his political creed
to recommend a United States bank; yet the or-
gans of British sentiment, as I have shown by
the extract read from a leading British journal,
while they agree with the President in assigning
our ill-regulated banking system as the sole cause
of the late revulsion, which they have particular
reasons for doing, admonish him that the evil can
only be corrected by some regulator in the nature
of a bank.
I do not mean to suggest that any party, or any
public man, in this country, ought to propose a
national bank, nor do I think that one can or ever
will be established, formed on the model of the
late Bank of the United States; but that the Fed-
eral Government possesses the power, and that
some such institution can be devised, by which
the currency can be regulated so as to prevent the
