1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Mr. BURNETT. I will just say to my colleague
that I may not remember of other instances, bnt I
take the times as we find them. I speak of the
present; and I propose to find a remedy for the
evils as they now exist. I am told by gentlemen
around me that these things have occurred be-
fore.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have been
here for the last eight or ten years, and I never
heard of them before.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to find fault
with the present Mayor. But I say that there will-
never be an effective city government here until
the property-holders take the matter into their
own hands. They must elect men who will see
that the laws are faithfully executed; and they
must take such men without reference to whether
they are politically Americans or Democrats. I
know nothing personally in reference to the pres-
ent Mayor. I know the facts which are stated
daily in the city papers, that crimes are daily com-
mitted and the offenders are not brought to justice.
X am for organizing a police force that we can our-
selves control,,and who will protect the public
buildings and property, who will protect the mem-
bers of Congress; who will protect our constit-
uents who are here 011 business; and who will
protect the foreign corps who are here with their
attaches and families.
But, sir, reference has been made to the pres-
ent police of the city. I have been a member of
this House since 1855, and I never have seen a
policeman until they have been lequired to wear
a uniform; and I must say, from the specimens I
have seen, they are a miserable set of policemen.
I see them wearing uniform. They are made con-
servators ofthepeace; and I mettwoofthem.upon
the streets, a day or two since, and both of them
were drunk. That is the character of a portion
of the police of this city. How docs this bill pro-
pose to remedy the evil? When gentlemen talk
about the Federal Government supporting this
expense, they ought to remember that we already
pay for twenty-six men, whose appointment is in
the hands ofthe Mayor. I am for increasing that
force to one hundred men, and taking the power
of appointment from the Mayor, and conferring
it upon some man who is responsible, and who
will see thatgoodand efficient men are appointed.
What better mode can be devised than that pro-
vided in this bill ? You see that this power has
not been so exercised by the Mayor as to secure
peace, and the observance and execution of the
law. If you lodge the power in a commission of
three or half a dozen men, the very reasons which
now render it necessary to take the power fiom
the Mayor will apply to them; for they will be
voted for on account of their political (sentiments,
and those commissioners will be either Demociats
or Americans, according to which party has the
ascendency here. Then the Objection that your
police force would be partisan will apply as well
under a board of commissioners elected by the
people, as it docs under appointments made by
the Mayor.
Now, 1 know nothing of the gentlemen who
are named in the bill of the gentleman fiomOIuo,
|.Mr. Leitkh.J
Mr. LlilTIill. 1 have amended my proposi-
tion, I have stuckon out the name of Walter
Lenox, and inserted the name of James G. Ber-
rett.
Mr. BURNETT. Let us look at this proposi-
tion. This board of commissioners are appointed
byname. If you happen to get into that board
of commissioners, partisans, will not the same
power be there which you are afraid to confer
upon the President? They can wield that power
as strongly for partisan purposes as the President
can in the appointment of the chief—and that is
only one out of the hundred men who are to be
appointed. Suppose you get in a board of com-
missioners whose characters partake of the same
elements as compose those ofthe violators of law
now in our midst: it would be a very dangerous
power to be conferred upon them, and one which
might be exercised for great mischief instead of
good.
"Why am I in favor of the provision of the bill
which confers this power upon the Piesident?
Tiie iirst question we determine is. Congress has
tin power. Where do we get it? From the Con-
stitution of the United Stales. The- next question
it, why confer upon the President the appoint-
ment of the chief? I will not pretend to go into
a constitutional argument of the question, because
1 do not profess to be a constitutional lawyer, but
I do profess to understand plain common sense,
when it is presented. You find in the Constitu-
tion these words:
'■ Congress may by law vest the appointment of such in-
fytior officers as they tltink proper, id tlio Pies>ident alone,
ill the courts ofluw, or in the heads of riepartments."
Now, I hold that we have the right to confer
this appointing power upon the President. I will
not take the reverse position that we have the
power to confer it upon other than those named
in the clause of the constitution which I have read.
While 1 would give it as an off-hand opinion that
we could not, I will nottake that position, because
I have not fully investigated the question. But I
say that it is wiser to lodge the power there for
the reason th&t we have a guarantee that the Pres-
ident will give'US ai least a man of character, and
a man who has integrity to exercise the power
conferred upon him for the good of thecommumty.
Under the provisions of the bill the chief of
police will have the power to appoint, and the
power to remove, with the consent of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. It seems to me that this is
the very best provision, so far as the appointment
of these officers is concerned, that we could pos-
sibly have.
Now, sir, as to the question whether we should
tax the Federal Treasury for this purpose, I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bliss,] that
this city is different from any other. Congress
has exclusive power of legislation over it. It has
no representative upon this floor. We legislate
for them. Here is located public property, and
the public records, costing millions upon millions.
It is certainly our duty to establish a police force
for the purpose of protecting that property; and
not only that, but to protect the representatives
of the people, who come here to legislate for the
people at large. It is also our duty to protect
those who may come here upon public business
from every section of the Union, and to protect
the representatives of foreign Governments.
Now, I put it to gentlemen to say whether we
ought not to pay the expense out of the Federal
Treasury. We have been for years paying twen-
ty-six men, and we only propose now to increase
that force. We simply increase, instead of les-
sen the amount. I ask whether each gentleman
upon this floor will not agree that some legislation
for the protection of life and property is necessary?
If there is any member here who does not believe
that we ought to adopt some measuie, in addition
to those already existing, for the purpose of se-
curing life and property, he has paid 110 attention
to what has been going on here. We find scenes
of disorder and violence occurring every night. I
do not thmk I am a greater coward than my fel-
low-men. 1 do not think I have less bravery than
the majority of mull; and yet, I say here that I
have regarded the outrages in this city of such a
character, and of such frequent occunenee, that I
have thought that every man, when he leaves his
room, ought to go armed; for he does not know
at what moment an attack may be made upon
him. Respectable men have been assaulted, and
members of this House have been threatened. I
say we ought to take this matter into our own
hands, and pass some bill which will effectually
protect life and property.
Mr. SINGLETON. I desire to say a few words
upon this subject.
Mr. BURNETT. Allow me one moment fur-
ther. Rematks have been made here upon the
subject of the city government paying its own
expenses. The people of this city, as I under-
stand it, are now taxed to the extent that the
power of taxation is conferred by the charter upon
the city government, and they have no right to go
any further.
Mr. SINGLETON. It §eems, Mr. Chairman,
that from some cause which up to this moment
has not neen explained, the laws which have been
passed by Congress for the protection of life and
property in this city, have not been enforced.
Who is to blame, or where the difficulties have
sprung up which prevent the execution of these
laws, I do not know. But it is a well-settled fact,
that 110 man can now walk the streets of Wash-
ington after dark in security. We are sent here
to perform high and responsible duties, and ate
expected tocncountai the dangers that result from
our positions, but certainly it was never contem-
plated by those who sent us to Washington that
we were liable to be assaulted on the streets at
night by assassins. And I say to you very can-
didly, that although, like the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnett,] I feel that I am not a cow-
ard, yet I will not walk the streets of this city,
after dark, without a revolver in my pocket, and
being prepared for self-defense.
Now, as I have already said, I know not who
is at fault, but that matters not. It is perfectly-
certain that some remedy ought to be found for
the evils which exist. We are not expected to.
run these risks. Our friends are here on busi-
ness; the diplomatic corpg are here, and it is not
expected that they shall run the gauntlet. These
assassins do not seem to be very particular whom
they assault. Now, how is this state of things to
be remedied ? We see that it is not done by the
city police. We see that this thing goes on day
after day. A murder or some other outrage has
been committed almost every twenty-four hours
for the last three or four weeks. And are we to sit
byand see these things goingon without applying
some remedy for the evil? We legislate, as the
gentleman from Kentucky has re marked, for this
District, and if the legislation which has been had
heretofore is not sufficient for the protection of life
and property, it is our especial duty to look into
the matter and afford other means of protection.
Now, if I understand this measure, it is not in-
tended to break down the city police or to inter-
fere with the civic authorities except so far as it
becomes necessary to an efficient organization of
a guard for this city. It is not proposed to repeal
the charter. This law is merely ancillary to the
law already in force, and only repeals it in so far as
it may be inconsistent with this bill. Now, sir, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
who is an able lawyer, as all concede, declares
that unless you repeal, in so many words, the city
chaiter, so far as the appointment and removal of
the police is concerncd, the officers who may be
appointed now by the chief of police, with the
consent of the Secretary of the Interior, will be
liable to be removed by the Mayor of the city;
and he read this clause for the purpose of show-
ing-that such was the case. Defining the author-
ity ofthe Mayor, the law provides:
" lie shall nominate and, with the consent of the Board
of Aldfirineti, appoint, all officers under the corporation,ex-
copt coinmid^ioneis of elootion, and may remove any such
officer trom oflicc at his will and pleasure."
" May remove any such officer"What does
tliat mean ? Why, just such officers as he may
himself appoint, he may remove, and no others.
But, if any further proof were needed to show
that the gentleman from Kentucky is at fault for
once, it would be found in this, that in the act
itself, now under consideration, the power to
appoint and remove is vested in the chief of the
police, with the consent of the Secretary of the
Interior; and I would ask the gentleman, as a law-
yer, what becomes of the old law maxim >expre$$io
twines est exclusio alterius ? The fact that the power
to remove is given to the chief of police, with the
consenr. of the Secretary of the Interior, is conclu-
sive that it is not conferred upon the Mayor of the
city. But the bill goes further, and repeals all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with its provisions
Could anything, then, be clearer than the fact that
the Mayor will have no power to interfere with
these officers ?
But some gentlemen say that this force of one
hundred men may not always be needed; and yet,
you will be bound to retain it. Why does not the
i bill itself, as I have already said, give to the chief
' of pohee power, with the consent of the Secretary
of the Interior, to remove these men whenever
he thinks proper todo so,with orwithout cause?
Whenever, therefore, it becomes necessary, or is
safe to diminish this force, they will do so. We
must have some confidence in the men who are
to control these appointments and removals. Wo
must repose some confidence in their judgment
and fidelity; and suppose that, whenever it is safe
to do so; whenever these outlaws shall have been
rooted out of Washington, they will reduce this
j | force, or dispense with it altogether. I think that
j: this is a veiy small objection to the bill.
!j Hut there is another remark which I desire to
I! make. I think that the fault of the exciting state
|i of affairs in this city must he with the people of
|! the city to some extent, and with the city author-
