THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
seems to me that the occasions when it might have
been indulged have not been rare. It may be the
gentleman is stimulated by the gratification of a
defense of an Administration to which he is not
°P'?hereis one circumstance, Mr. Speaker, which
I think calls upon us for our reprobation. It oc-
curs to me thata frank and honorable man, placed
in the position of the Secretary of War, when he
found, as heiriust have found, in my judgment,
' that lie had made a blunder, a mistake in the ap-
pointment of his agents, or that he had been cir-
cumvented by this combination in New York and
Virginia, would have frankly admitted the fact and
sought to have corrected it. But instead of that,
I find not only a remarkable persistence m the
wrong, but a studied effort to persuade us that
it is all right; and for this purpose and no other,
in my judgment, it appears that,"upon the 18th
of May, sundry petitions were presented to this
House. I have taken the pains to examine these
petitions. There are seven of them. Six of them
are word for word and comma for comma alike,
and there is only a slight verbal alteration in the
seventh. These petitions come from St. Paul or
its neighborhood; and who are they from? Why,
sir, from the acting Governor of the State of Min-
nesota; from the United States collector; from the
postmasters; from the assistant justices of the
supreme court; from the two district attorneys;
from the clerks of the couits; from the receiver
general, the surveyor general, and the Indian
traders—all of them connected with and depend-
ent upon this Government, and some particular-
ly, perhaps, upon the Secretary of War. But out
oi the whole number of those who have signed
these papers, many with their occupations desig-
nated, there are buttwo farmers, as named. One
is a party in interest, Mr. Sibley, and is to have
thirty acres of the land, at the rate ot the oiigmal
purchase. Among the signatures are such names
as these: J. Flynn, Jeremiah Daly, Michael Iiann,
Teneau Danteman, David Volleux, Lanimif 'la-
diski, Samuel Slougganborg, Foxc Schietz^Gott-
lob Weekwerth, Friedrik lvruse, B. Gump-
pel, Boned. Hippber, &a. These may be very
respectable names; 1 know nothing about them.
I do not think it would be difficult to send out
cut-and-dried counter petitions, and get thein quite
as numerously and respectably signed.
Now, sir, in my judgment, these petitions-
three of them in the'same hand-writing—are not
worth the paper upon which they are written.
They all set forth that an effort is being made to
set aside the sale, and they protest against it; mid
they, all of them, say that they do not believe
that a hi "her price than eleven dollars an acre
could be obtained for the land. All of them agree
in that 1 do not know, sir, whether the pur-
chasers of the land got up these petitions or not,
but the hand of Joab is in all this thing.
Having passed these preliminary remarks, 1
propose-, so far as my time will allow me, to speak
from the evidence touching
1. The concealment which distinguishes this
sale. . .
2. Incompetency of the commissioners.
3. Artful combination of the New York and
Virginia partners, by which the Government was
defrauded.
4. Inadequate price. .
'5. Quantity of land probablyunder-estimated.
6. Division of spoils.
7. Military authority against the sale.
Sir, there has been from the start a studied con-
cealment of this matter. No corpse in the tomb
of the Capulets was ever so securely locked from
the light of day, as the whole of this transaction
has been from the public eye. In various parts
of the country, information was sought concern-
in" the sale of Fort Snelling, and no one could
worm out of the Secretary of War an inkling of ,
what was going on. The epistle of >-it. Paul, to
the Secretary, by a very worthy gentleman in my
own State, is a trying instance ot this pursuit ot
knowledge under difficulties. 1 will read a passage
from that somewhat celebrated epistle:
(i f possess some pecuniary and have several rel-
atives and .lecjuuiiiuuieen m Mnu o=ota Terntoiy, wherp
want to remove myself, so as to t'ct out of a blare vv"5ie^
genuine Democracy is poorly thought of by the great colored
party who rule, and always will here." * .
IT this oroprrty is to b« sold, I very much desire to pur-
chase the' whole or a part of it; and may I not ask that, if it
i3 to ye sfcfti, you will haVe the g'oodnfcss to apprise me or
the fact; also, of the mode I can adopt to make a definite
offer? If it is for sale, I should esteem it a favor—perhaps
it is my right, but that I do nor discuss now—to bei so in-
formed, that I may have a chance for a bargain, and think
I should come to Washington to confer personally with
you **
I believe that all this gentleman says of himself
is nearly true; but it only shows to what a depth
this doctrine of the spoils has sunk the morality
of the country. He goes on further:
" Let me add anotherword as to myself. I was a mem-
ber of the 28th and 29th Congresses (I think) from Vermont,
and was very well acquainted with several members hom
Virginia, among whom were George W. Hopkins and Gov-
ernor McDowell. Mi. Cobb, Uie present Secretary ot the
Tieasuiy, and Mr. Thompson, Secretary of the Inteiior,
will remember me well; so, I believe, the Postmaster Gen-
eial; so of any and all the United States officers at Vermont,
and I believe, on being referred to, will any or all vouch tor
me as a man standing well wherever known.
" I)o you want to know why I am anxious toget a good
foothold m the West? I give the reason in few woida. I
have four fine boys, the oldest of which is now twenty
years, the youngest eight years, and if this is not enough, I
will speak again."
Under these circumstances, I say, this gentle-
man spoke as correctly as to himself as could
have been expected from one so eager for " a
chance for a bargain." But, at his time of life,
it is hard to make him " speak again," and it is
absolutely cruel to leave those fine boys where
they will, if they follow the teachings of the
father, be so " poorly thought of."
To this letter no reply was vouchsafed, or none
that the committee could obtain, upon application
to either party, and several communications sent
to the Secretary of War, making inquiries as to
the time and manner of the sale of this property.
Nfn answers are 011 record. It appears that the
Secretary of War sent a circular 111 response, but
we have not been able to trace out the fact that
any were ever received, except m one instance,.
111 Missouri.
Well, sir, let us look at some of the other par-
ties in this business. Mr. Richard Schell did not
like to incur liabilities, and so his name does not
appear 111 the contract. Mr. Heiskell admits that
lie may have informed Doctor Graham his busi-
ness, but the fact that they traveled out there
and back together, does not leak out until near
the close of the investigation; and Heiskell did
not know at all, as he says, to this day, only by
uimor, that Doctor Graham was one of the pur-
chasers.
"Quctfion 2002. Did you meet llr. Giahain while you
eie at St. Paul ?
'■./fusi'Cr. I did. .
'■ yurs/nn 20113. Wcie yon a previous acquaintance ol
01 didjou make his acquaintance thne:
'vi/iscrr. I liave inetlnin heloie. 1 believe 1 was intro-
duced to linn once, t have seen hun ficqiieiitly. I saw
In in in Richmond dining the se.-sion ot Ihe t.egi^latme, nt
which I have spoken, when I was a member
'• QucUim 3 01. Was Dr. Graham aware that you were
at til. I'.uil fin the pin pose of making this sale'
"-'ijisti'cr. I suppose he was ; I >aw hun In tins city before
1 went West, and again 111 Philadelphia, lie told me that
he was going out there, and I agreed to wait tor lmn 111
Philadelphia.
'• Q ncuio.i iOO.-i. Did not you tell lnm that you were author-
ized 10 make the sale, and did you not confer with lmn
about the mode of sale? .
'-.2nsivcr. I think 1 toldllim I was going to sell it, but we
had 110 conference about the manner of sale."
Major Eastman kept the secret with guarded
sanctity. In reply to question 87, he says:
" We offered it fir^t to Mr. Steele ; we wanted to make
a« little noise about it as possible, to prevent anything taking
place to defeat the sale,"
He made 110 noise about it, lest it should affect
the sale; no one, not even a brother officer, was
taken into confidence by him. He even practiced
duplicity to conceal the fact. He told Colonel
Thomas, when asked in reference to the sale, 011
the 1st of August, that the fort had been or would
be sold, carefully concealing the fact that it had
been already sold, or that he had had anything
to do about it. Dr. Graham says the commis-
sioners did not learn from him that he was con-
nected with the purchase, and that he might have
known that there were other parties inJNew York
who were parties to the contract, buttkat lie never
made any inquiry. He knew who the commis-
sioners were to be before they were appointed,
and knew what were their instructions, but says
he did not see the Secretary of War only at his
lirsf interview. .
Mr. Steele thinks that he might have informed
the commissioners there were other parties, after
the sale, but not before. As to his object in con-
cealing the fact, he says he had " none in partic- '
ular."
Another purchaser, John C. Mather, was a
" stranger," and he seems to have preserved his
character as such:
« Question 675. Did you conceal from Major Eastman
and Mr. Heiskell, at that time, that you were one of the
puiehasers?
" Jlwwer. I do not know as there was any concealment
about it. - „ ,
« Question 676. Was there any open talk that you or
any other party was a purchaser besides Steele ?
" Jlnswer. I believe that Steele was the only man that
had conversations with the commissioners m regard to the
PU"CQu«(icm 677. Had you any conversation with Major
Eastman or Mr. Heiskell, by winch he was informed ot the
fact that you were a purchaser 111 pait ot that pioperty.
" Answer. I took no pains to conceal the fact or to make
it known. I drew up the writing at the request of Steele,
and I believe the commissioners changed it. I do not know
whether Major Jfiastinan or Heisked knew ihe fact that 1
was a part purchuser. I was a stranger to both."
The only excuse Mr. Mather giyes for this
concealment is that " it was not thought neces-
sary for our names to be incorporated in the con-
tract." Mr. Steele was informed by Major East-
man, according to Dr. Graham, a Jew days before
the sale was consummated, that it would be dis-
posed of privately, owing to combinations.
And Dr. Graham confirms the same thing. So
it will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that it was commu-
nicated to no other person whatever but to the
ultimate purchasers, after Heiskell arrived in this
city, and after he had received his instructions,
with a single exception, which was the bar-keeper
at one of the hotels at St. Paul. It seems that
he and Dr. Graham stopped at the same hotel,
anil that Heiskell had assigned to him an inferior
room. Feeling his dignity injured he left in high
dudgeon and went to another place, and, as we
may suppose, in order to create a good impres-
sion upon the mind of the bar-keeper there to
impress him with plenipotentiary importance—
he discloses to that bar-keeper that he is the agent
of the United States appointed to sell this mill-
; tury reservation.
We find, by the testimony, that not a single
Army officer was consulted by the present Secre-
tary of War in relation to it. General Scott was
not consulted; General Pcrsifer P. Smith was not
consulted; General Churchill was not consulted;
Colonel Thomas was not consulted. No man in
the Army was consulted, and the military opin-
ions oil record were all against the propriety of
selling it, as well as that, if sold, it should be sold
for 110 such price as that which was received for it.
Can it be possible that all this secrecy was
purely accidental and without concert? There
can be no answer save that it served the interest
of the operators.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to refer to the testimony
of two or three of these gentlemen, and I begin
with that of Major Eastman, not for the purpose
of impeaching it, but to show the utter incompe-
tency of the men who were sent to dischargesuoh
a duty as was devolved upon them by the Secre-
tary of War Major Eastman says, at one time,
that Giaham was there, and then, again, that he
cannot tell whether he was there or not. As to
whether Fort Snelling is more valuable as a town
site than St. Paul, or any other town in that re-
gion, he says:
" I should think it was, if the others had not had the start.
I have always supposed that a town would be built there ;
I suppose that if the reservation had been sold seven or
ei. ht years ago, helore St. Taul was established, the town
would have been there; now, I think it is too late."
But we find that he was ready to go into a com-
bination for the purchase of some of the lots in
this town site, ana to pay a liberal price for them,
showing that it was not too late, when he wanted
to buy, though it was when he wanted to sell. I
refer now to the testimony of Captain Thorn:
" Onesiwn 2130. I <;>k you whether you over had any
convocation with Major F.astmail in regard to the purchase
of a pait 01 the Fort Snelling property; and, if so, what tnat
conversation was ?   
"Jlmiicr. I had some conversation with him upon tnat
subject; the exact time 1 do not recollect, but it was atter
the sale was known to the public. He accosted me ™ the
grounds of Foit duelling, and said he had proposed to some
of the otlieers to make an investment, lie asked me n i
would like an opportunity to do so with them, saying tl. t
they proposed to put in a couple of Hundred dollai* each
and buv a block. The price, he mentioned, would prob-
ab.y bo about sixteen bundled dollars, and saying tnat he
thought he could get it at that price, f then
lmn that as a block usually contained only six or eight acres,
I thought it a pretty large advance u?9n
unlierslood Was paid for it, as-ttiat price wouM make it cost
