534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
35th Cong...1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
recurrence of any serious monetary and commer-
cial revulsion so far as excessive issues of paper
money may tend to produce such results, I have
no doubt. As to the question of power, it may
be well to call to mind that the first Bank of the
United States was approved by Washington; that
the second charter of a United States Bank, in
1816, was supported by Mr. Calhoun, and ap-
proved by Madison; and that for forty years such
a bank was held to be constitutional by the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
It may be further stated, as a historical fact,
that, on a question of the renewal of the charter
of the second or last Bank of the United States,
it fell a victim to party interest, in the fierce po-
litical conflicts of the period of General Jackson's
administration; and it may be of some import-
ance also to state that General Jackson himself
did not discountenance the policy of a national
bank. He expressly said in his veto message
that if Congress had called upon him for the plan
of a bank which would answer the most import-
ant purposes of such an institution, he would
cheerfully have presented one. The plan he had
prepared to lay before Congress is still in exist-
ence. Other plans of a national bank for the reg-
ulation of the currency, and to perform the duties
of afiscal agent of the Government, have been pre-
sented by persons in high public position. Mr.
Tyler, who vetoed the last bill which passed Con-
gress chartering a similar institution, presented
a plan of a fiscal board, said to have had the ap-
proval of Mr. Webster, which contained provis-
ions looking to the regulation of the currency. If
the Government has no power to regulate the cur-
rency, it fails in one of its great purposes.
Sir, I agree with the President in the views he
has expressed in his message on this subject, so
far as to admit that the banks must bear some
share of the responsibility for tlio late revulsion;
but I insist that, so far as an undue expansion or
increase of their circulation is concerned, they
appear to have kept no more than an even pace
with what seemeu the increasing business and
prosperity of the country. By the returns of the
condition of the banks made to the Treasury, it
appears that the average of their issues of notes
in the last five years did not exceed one hundred
and ninety millions, and that not more than one
hundred and seventy-five millions was at any time
in actual circulation—not more than some political
economists have estimated might be safely circu-
lated when the trade and business of the country
are successfully and actively prosecuted.
But, to whatever degree the banks may have
contributed to the late commercial and monetary
derangement, by affording improvident facilities
to over-trading and speculation, they were very
far from being at the root of the evil, as I shall
attempt to show.
Sir, the Government cannot escape its share of
the responsibility for the consequences of the late
revulsion, by the bold and confident manner in
which the banks are assailed as the sole cause of
it. I propose to inquire whether the Government,
or those who have so long administered it, are al-
together free from blame or censure ? Does no
responsibility rest upon them? We shall see.
First, I wish to bring to the notice of the Sen-
ate the fact that, from 1851 to 1857, inclusive, em-
bracing a period of seven years, the amount of coin
and bullion imported into the United States was
only $42,137,430; and that in the same period
there was exported $332, 199>31, showing an ex-
cess of gold and silver exported over the amount
imported of $289,762,101; but it is now quite cer-
tain that neither the President nor the Secretary
of the Treasury had ever turned their attention
to the commercial or financial condition of the
country until they were suddenly awakened to a
sense of danger by the suspension of the New
York banks.
That the Secretary of the Treasury, or the
President, did not see anything that deserved se-
rious notice in the continued and rapid withdrawal
of the gold and silver for so many years is mani-
fest from the fact that, even when the storm came,
neither of them knew or suspected from what
quarter it came, or what was likely to be the ex-
tent of it. They could make no calculations of
that from anything they knew of the preceding
fctate oi condition of the coinmercc of the country;
and supposing that it was but a sudden squall,
which would soon blow over, they actually went
on to pay, out of the still diminishing resources
of the Treasury, seventeen per cent, premium for
the privilege of redeeming the public debt; and
continued to do so as long as any certificates of
debt were presented.
But, Mr. President, I wish to call attention to
the doctrines and sentiments of a gentleman who
has given more of his attention to subjects of this
nature than the Secretary of the Treasury or the
President; I mean the distinguished Senator from
Virginia, [Mr Hunter.] He utterly ignores the
idea that there was anything in the state of the
exchanges—any significance in the fact that mil-
lions and millions of coin and bullion were annu-
ally flowing out of the country, as has been the
case for the last seven years, as worthy of par-
ticular observation or notice. He considers gold
and silver as commodities ; that their exportation,
whether large or small in quantity, is llo more to
. be considered in reference to the sound or unsound
i state of the currency and trade of the country
1 than any other product. The honorable Senator
has reputation as a gentleman skilled in questions
of finance, and I should like to hear him on this
point; but it will be most prudent for the honor-
able Senator to be silent on this question. For
the last quarter of a century, from the period of
1832 at least, if not dating back to the revulsion
of 1825, and from that time to the present, the
doctrine that the only criterion of a redundant
paper circulation, or of an excessive issue of bank
notes in any country, is the efflux of coin and
bullion, and that the state of the foreign exchanges
may always be relied upon as an infallible index
of the condition of the currency, in this respect,
may be said to have been firmly established. It
was first clearly elucidated in 1826, fully sus-
tained by the evidence given before the Parlia-
mentary committee in 1832, and afterwards sanc-
tioned by an act of Parliament in 1844, impera-
tively requiring the observance of it in the issue
of the Bank of England notes; and it now appears
to be permanently ingrafted into the policy of that
Government. And yet the honorable Senator
from Virginia undertakes to slate that there is
nothing but mere theory in all this—that it is of
no value in practice; and insists that gold is only
a commodity, and subject to the laws of trade and
barter like other products. If he had chosen to
go on with the elucidation of his theory upon the
subject, he would doubtless have said that we get
those largo supplies of gold and silver from Cal-
ifornia—thai they are the staple products of the
laborof that State, and arc exported just as other
commodities are. Thishas been the invariable
response to me whenever, within the last three
or four years, 1 have expressed apprehensions
that we were upon the eve of a commercial crisis.
The answer was, invariably, there is no danger;
it is the extraordinary yield of gold in California
and Australia, that, both in America and Europe,
has stimulated commerce in a degree unequaled
in the history of either hemisphere. I was not
convinced by this view of the case, though each
successive year of a series tended to confirm the
delusion that there was no danger of a revulsion.
It is astonishing, however, that those gentlemen
who, from their position in the Cabinet and in
Congress, were called upon to look carefully into
these questions, and especially the Senator from
Virginia, should for so many years have over-
looked the fact that as much if not more gold was
shipped from the Atlantic ports to England and
other countries than was received from Califor-
nia; or, if it was observed, that it never caused
them to doubt whether the currency of the coun-
try could be maintained in a sound condition un-
der such a continued drain of the precious metals,
and especially when it was evident that the in-
ternal traffic and business of the country, from
their uncommon activity, required an increased
circulation. The Senator's doctrine is, that gold
and silver are but commodities, no way distin-
guished as articles of trade from any others. He
forgets, or will give no weight to the fact, that
these commodities, from their peculiar qualities,
have been adopted as a common medium or stand-
ard of value by which all other commodities are
measured and exchanged, and that these metals,
or a competent portion of them, as instruments
or agents in effecting the exchanges of the pro-
ducts of labor, and giving activity to internal
trade and industry, are just as important as the
circulation of the blood is to the human system.
Money is the life-blood of all trade and industrial
employments, and when in any country the money
is composed in part of paper or bank notes, as ex-
perience shows that it may safely be when not in
excess, it becomes still more important to watch
the movement of the precious metals. If the flow
is inward there is never any danger. If they be-
come redundant, a portion of them soon find their
way abroad, and thus the equilibrium is restored.
But when, in any country, as in this, a large por-
tion of the money or circulating medium consists
of bank notes, and the flow of gold and silver out-
wards is largely in excess of the influx, and so
continues for a length of time, it may be regarded
as an infallible sign that the paper circulation is
redundant. The currency of the country is then
depreciated relatively to the currencies of other
countries, and gold and silver, in this respect, like
other commodities, go where they command the
highest prices. But the Senator from Virginia de-
nies that this long-continued outward flow of gold
from this country was anything remarkable, or
furnished any reason for believing that there was
an excess of paper money in circulation, or that
there was any danger of a revulsion, although
for the last seven years, from 1851 to 1857, there
was an average annual export of gold and silver
amounting to one fifth of our exports, and show-
ing an excess, in the seven years, of the export
of gold and silver over the import of the same met-
als, amounting,as before stated, to $289,000,000 !
It is but too evident that neither the Senator from
Virginia, nor the President, nor the Secretary of
the Treasury, nor their predecessors in office, did
see these signs of an approaching commercial ca-
tastrophe in time to arrest it; but ought they not
to have seen and heeded those signs? ought they
not to have studied and profited by them ? And
will it do for those who were intrusted with the
control of the Government to say that they are
innocent and in no way responsible for this great
evil which has befallen the country, because they
did not see and understand what it was their busi-
ness to see and understand ? If the rapid and con-
tinued drain of the precious metals did not strike
them as a matter of any importance, was there noth-
ing in the unusual and extraordinary increase of
the foreign trade of the country to warn them that
over-trading and speculation were prevailing to a
dangerous extent, and that a revulsion was inev-
itable, involving the destruction of commercial
credit, and a serious derangement of the business
operations of the country ?
In 1847, the year after the passage of the tariff
act of 1846, the total amount of the imports was
$ 146,543,638; and in the year 1857 they rose to
§360,890,14]; showing an increase of imported
merchandise in ten years of more than one hun-
dred per cent. In the ten years preceding 1847
the increase was only $6,000,000; but in the ten
years from 1846 to 1857 the increase amounted to
$214,000,000. Was there nothing to awaken in-
quiry or excite distrust in the solidity of a pros-
perity which thus appeared so far to surpass all
former experience and example ?
I have been stating the increase of our imports
in the last ten years upon the assumption that the
tables of our exports and imports, made up at the
Treasury from the custom-house returns, are cor-
rect. If the imports were really no greater in
amount than there reported, the increase therein
exhibited of $200,000,000 in the consumption of
foreign goods by the people of this country, in so
short a period as ten years, would be sufficiently
astonishing, if, indeed, they were paid for as well
as consumed; but if I should show the Senate, as
I am confident that I shall be able to do before I
take my seat, that the tables of imports sent us
from the Treasury Department are deceptive and
wholly unreliable; that instead of $360,000,000,
reported to have been imported in 1857, the actual
amount must have been at least $460,000,000, and
that a ratable addition ought to be made to the
figures representing the imports in each of the
last ten years; and when to this statement we add
the fact that, in the last ten years, the exports
and imports, as reported in the tables compiled at
the Treasury, have about balanced each other in
