1858.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"2007
about two hundred dollarsanacre. I said that at that price I
supposed we might have our choice or pick of the blocks
upon the reservation. He said, no ; at that pi ice we would
have to take a block back, at about an average place on the
reservation. He said the blocks composing the water lots
would cost several thousand dollars. He suggested to mc
that this would be a good investment. He offered me the
opportunity to go in with him and such others a& he might
find to join together."
Whether this lot was to be paid for, or whether
it is one of those Mr. Steele speaks of having
given away on condition that it should be built
upon, does not appear, but it shows Major East-
man 's real estimate of the property as a town site.
He says that,
u During a long life, I have never lought any land."
Notwithstanding, the Secretary of War again
placed this man with John C. Mather, so late as
September 9, 1857, to sell Fort Ripley, it is not
probable this officer will again be detailed to sell
any land. Certainly, Dr. Graham would not em-
ploy him. When asked, from what he observed,
if they (the commissioners) were such persons as
he would intrust property with to sell. Dr. Gr.
" [ would not have selected thorn, probably, as the keenest
agents.'1''
Seeing that before the sale he was constantly
urging that it was a very valuable piece—over-
estimating it, he says—and that since that, he says,
we have " got too much for it;" that a large por-
tion of it is " only fit for duck ponds," neither
his judgment or candor will be likely to be over-
estimated.
But, Mr. Speaker, the fault 1 have to find with :
Mr. Eastman, is this. He was sent out to make i
a survey and preliminary report, but it does*hnt ;
appear that he ever made any such repoit, not i
that he ever completed the survey. The land was ;
sold without its being known how much there ,
was of it. It is not known noio. At the ft *st m- '
terview with Mr. Heiskell he learned, to his sur-
prise, that ho was appointed one of tlm comnus- i
sioncrs, because Mr. tleiskell wanted some good •
man with him, and decided to sell at private S'-Jc.
At the second interview, they decided to sell to !
Mr. Steele, in less than thirty-six hours after;
Major Eastman knew of his appointment the I
contract was made. The instructions of the Sec- |
retary of War were disregarded, and it is clear i
that he was a cipher alongside of the other com- ;
missioncr. Indeed, Mr. Heiskell is quite ready !
to take the responsibility, and claims that he. was
responsible for the private sale.
We find that Dr. Graham, of Virginia, called
here to pay his respects to the Secretary of War.
Here is his testimony:
" In the month of Apui, 1857.1 was on a visit to Wash-
ington city. 1 called to seethe rice.clary of War, Governoi
Floyd, whom I had known in my State, and dunnya con-
versation with Inm I toid him t was coins to Minnesota to
make some investments and n>kod him if he liad anything
in ins l>v*paitmem theie I could do foi Inm, to pay expen-f*
He told me he had nothing, unless 1 took the agency of sell-
ing some old foils tin? had directed thebaic of. Xfe
mentioned Foil Snellme and I'oit Jiti>!e\ , 1 had been in
Minnesota in JP.'jl.aud knew somethi'iTof'he value of Fort
Snellnig, and pretened being interested a^ a puicliasei, to ■
taking the agency lor tne sale of it- Theiefoie I deciincd !
to have anvilnn^ to do with the sale ot it- 1 hat I did not i
state to hmi." |
He was going " to make some investments." i
The sequel shows he had no money to invest. :
Qpest.on 271. You jour.«eIf, then, did not furnish any ;
money to pay upon the purchase?
" *%n*u:ci. Th(* put-chase was made, and they advanced -
for me tor a htile wade. and I paid it hack. <
Question '■!'<.>. In money,or in p.ut ot the property?
•• ji.iwr. I paid it m iuy services—by my salary." ;
He had " been in Mmnesotain 1854, and knew j
something of the value of Fort Snelhng." Herein !
he had a decided advantage of the Secretary of;
War. He knew what he was about. The bee- j
retary did not. Thus: j
<> Ojie^ion 301. In the mtei view you had vi ifh the £ec- .
retary, was these any hint suggested, or innuendo oi any
Kiud," directing your attention to the advantages oi the Toit
knelling reseive, or any pan or parcel thereot?
'■ Jhxsitcr. There was not; nor do I believe that the Sec-
r*torv had the most remote idea of the value of cither of
those"fori* ; he spoke of them to me a? old forts, and I cm
satisfied ihat he had not any knowledge of the value of the
pioperty "
Dr. Graham did not accept the appointment,
preferring to be a purchaser. This, he says, was
about the 1st of April.
>• Question 260. You then went immediately to woik to
form tne combination to puiehasc it?
A combination was already fornieu.
<• Question 261. You had, then, before you went to the
Socictary, formed a combination
" Answer. I did not. I did not know it.
u Question 263. You were afterward admitted ?
" Jinswer. I was; I did not make the combination, ex-
cept so fai as Mr. Steele was concerned."
It appears that a combination had already been
formed to make the purchase, but the agents to
sell had not been fixed upon. The Secretary now
tendered the appointment to Mr. Heiskell, of
Virginia. The incompetency of this commissioner
has been shown up so fully in the report, that
little need be added. His narrative of his inter-
view with the Secretary of War is graphic and
Boswellian to the last degree. If the friendship
of Johnson for Boswell is unaccountable, that of
Governor Floyd for Heiskell is not less extraor-
dinary. Here it is:
" But I will commence at the beginning, before Gov-
ernor Floyd was appointed as Secretaiy of War, he and
myself ran a race for the Legislature m Stooitly after
he had received notice hom Mr. Buchanan that he would
be in the Cabinet—the nextmorinng, I behevo—I remarked
to him, jocularly, ' Now, old fellow, we have had a l.ither
hardjm'ht of it together, against the Know Nothing?, heie,
and when you get m office you must not forget mo. I icant
you to zive me a place. I want one that will piy not less
than torn or five thousand doiiais a year. I don't want
anyuting else.' Said hu: c Wellyohl boyS m his wav, to
mi'.' if I fan do anything foi you, you shall have it.' Alter
he had been here m office foi two or three weeks,he wroie
a letter to me, tflltng me,' thoie is nothing here that yon
wojild want. Thoie is no office in my gitr, ot in the gift of
the PiOhident, that you would have.' tfomeume in the
month of A pi 11, he wrote to me that he had a htile business
lor me to do, that would pay my e\pen-<\s and he wanted
me to come on hme 1 wiote to him, ' I do tint want to do
aaijthm* that will not pay well.' He wrote to me to come
on hen:; that ho had tome biwness he wanted mc to at-
tend to; that then- u u-. a reseivauou ho want* d iuc to tell.'"
.It seems that Ins qualifications for thi.-* position
weie, tluit he was hard Siuduit of m wspapors, !
and th.it he luid run a race for the Yip. una L1 gis- |
laturo and was eleeted \tter n hard il^hfw.th th'  |
Know Nothnvj;^ There li;1 lo lum o;ot a
gr,od deal of information. Ho hud h< eu an n'^ciit
to keep a depot lor a lar^e supply of salt, and for
a short time corporal in a company of Virginia
: mihtiu. lie says that{k we were writing to each
: other every week." It seems that he and Gov-
I ernor Floyd were old cronies and very intimate.
f"ie called the Governor lt old fellow," and the
Governor called the corporal " old boy."
Mr. Heiskell says:
"A c<'Od deal ha- b"en sa-d .ibout this i>> itft b.'i's: k- pt
: private Wh-Mi ' I "t Ahiii'ii'e.o 1 t 'vlam two Un>n •:>.11 men
knew wiiese I v. a* going and what my bu^ine-  wa.-."'
. Upon looking at the Gazetteer, I find th.it Ab-
ingdon is n wry Horn ishmg village m southwest-
ern Virginia, containing, in 1854, fifteen hundred
■ inhabitants. Must he not have been diligent to
have informed two thousand men in a village
: containing only fifteen hundred inhabitants m all,
men, women, and children'1
Why, sir, n appears to me that Falstaif's men
in buckram or Kendal green, were nothing to
these two thousand gentlemen in Abingdon. But
| after a while it will be seen that this ^entloioa'i
| was studiously keeping his business private, and
! this is the reason for ins doing so:
"Question 20$'). J> it v'otu habit, when ^on have anu-ce
! of piopeitv foi ?ide, to eoimui.nu ate the Uet 10 but o.ie in-
1 dividual to whom \oti waat to ^.'11 it. 01 do ton Jet it bo
I known publicly, and got the he-t pueo v«ui ean 3
4k .iusu.'cr. That is a que.-tioa winch i do not eoiv-eu'e
i hd< anything to do with tins niaitc! : but I ha\e 110 na-hng
■ upon the snbp;ct, and w,U au-\vei it. Wiien 1 to nialu;
I a t~n.li* ot laud oi my own to a paiu-udar mdivniual. F :-av
i nothing to anybody else about it until he i« either oft'or on;
, because by intermedulers, who thought thev wi re do;<m a
1 fi.endiy deed, I have lo t lirt-t rate bale-. They kuork \a,<
: out of good chances."
! lt appears that after he had got his instructions
■ heie in Washington, and after he had got alonsr-
| side of Dr. Graham, with whom he had an ap-
| pomtment to meet in Philadelphia, he was entirely
1 mum* The great chance with the New Yont and
' Virginia, company was not to be Jr,lacked cut of
i him. After he had arrived at St. Paul, to eomi-
! teract the effect of his communicativeness to the
two thousand men at Abingdon, he wrote a let-
j tor very promptly to one gentleman, informing
him that there " was n bad chance for specula-
tion; "that " combinations among the people were
being made;" and, of course, advising Inm not to
come there at all. He did not see anything more
■ of h 1 u 1 until he got home, in the report of the com-
missioners to the Secretary of War it is scud that
1 the buildings cost not less than $,30,000. Mr.
! Steele is far more moderate, ruul estimates his ov/n
! atei°"ht or ten thousand dollars, and all the rest at
: six or eight thousand dollars, or from fourteen to
eighteen thousand dollars, instead of |30,000.
The Government buMings'were estimated by
Heiskell at 110 ,000; by £astnran\at fifi.eert to
twenty thousand dollars. The factia'r|,that£he
Government had laid out over ten thousand: pi-
lars in permanent improvements there within
last year; and the best opinion is, that the build-
ings could not have cost, constructed in part by-
labor of soldiers at fifteen cents perday, less than
fifty of sixty thousand dollars; and are to-day-
worth more than that to the Government. * Col-
onel Thomas thinks theGovernmentcooid afford,
to give the parties $90,000 for the fort,and build- ,
ings alone—allowing them to keep nearly all the
eight thousand acres of land—rather than to sur-
render and abandon the post!
It is quite apparent that the purpose of these
commissioners was to elevate the value of private
and depress that of public property on the reser-
vation Heiskell told Major Eastman, as he
says, that if the reservation was sold at public
saie they might force it up to $50,000.
Alluding to the^amc conversation subsequently
| he fixes the sum as low as §20,000. The com-
u bmation night-marc greatly depresses him.
I j Mr. Heiskell says, he got'to St. Paul on Sun-
!j day. ' Monday was election. Tuesday he went
jj to see Major Kastman, but failed. The next day
ii he went to Stillwater on a little business. On
!i Thursday he went to FortSnelling and delivered
to Eastman his commission. They talked itover.
That, he immediately says, was on Friday. On
Saturday, he says, ho went hack and they got to
talking about whom they could sell to, and sent a
note to Mr. Steele, who replied. They declined
to take l.'K.* than $90,000. Steele then replied, as he
says, on Monday, that he would give the $90,000.
They s'gnud a brief contract. Steele came to
&l. Paul the ntxt day, which was Thursday, as he
■ says, and the, next (or Friday) they signed the
j pap.us.
I Tins is a singular time-fahle, to say the least.
; Now what are the facts? it appears from
Mr. Steele's testimony that both offers were made
I the same day, and the contract is conclusive on
; tin; point, as that is dated 6th June, (Saturday.)
; Therefore it was made on Saturday, or the next
dav after lleiskell's delivery of his commission
i to Kastman.
i lleie was extraordinary dispatch of business !
■ Scarcely less deliberation could have been yielded
i to the sale of an ordinary mule.
! It has already been seen that at first he told
! Secretary Floyd, " I want you to give me a
; place." On page 310, he says," I never intimated
1 i wanted a place."
j JSut such disctepancies—as "the very next
; morning after " changed into " three or four days
i after "—are merely alluded to for the purpose of
! showing the character of the commissioner—not
; an of much moment touching any other issue.
Out what reliance can be placed on the testi-
mony of a man with so poor a memory, and who
uses his tongue with this perfect looseness? He
jt m motion as a man sets a saw-mill, and
' i.-ovt x it utterly irresponsible for whatit says. He
| tells his story with such a hearty jollity that I can
I hardly impute intentional misrepresentation, but
he certainly appears to be an off-hand, reckless
talk' i. But we have the secret at last, when he
Question 2173. When you made the sale, did you ex-
]>r et the doierrcd payments would diaw interest?
,c .'hinrcr. 1 do not Know. I gave no thought about it.
, I • as only auxtou u> pet home. I do not think that I really
ur>imhi of it ;it ail. T do not think it was mentioned be-
tween .Major Ij.i^tman and my-?(dl at all."
Thetc is a model commissioner for you, who,
with the interest of the Government at heart, is
k* only anxious to get home."
This commissioner, like the other one, just as
i soon as the sale is completed, began to run the
| property down, te'lmg Mr. Steele " that he had
i got a hard bargain." One more extract:
! " Question Q070 You say you were selected by Governor
I Floyd from the fact that you wereregaided as a sharp trader
; at home?
, .dusi'jcr. When I got hero He told me that I should have
i to keep my eves open; that f was regarded at home as a
f pretty L'ood tfader. I do not think he sclectcd mc on that
j ground alone.^
! ' I think the House will be apt to concur in all
i this, especially that he wag not selected oa the
i ground alone that he was a sharp trader.
| These gentlemen seem to have been antici-
, pating that there might be some fuss made about
