1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aw-
pensation to the Public Printer, by the FirstComp-
troller of the Treasury, who audits and settles
the accounts of the Public Printer. Therefore his
censure must be a censure against the executive
department of the Government—not a censure
either of the Public Printer or of the Superintend-
ent of the Printing, or of the House itself. If this
construction of the law be erroneous on the part
of the Comptroller, it is time for the House to
correct it; but I am yet to ascertain that it is er-
roneous.
The cost of the paper on which these volumes
have been printed amounts to the sum of §128,939
73—much more than you pay to the Printer; and
the cost of illustration amounts to the modest sum
of §266,408 54; and of binding the extra copies,
to §140,870 37. For binding reserved copies—
those which are distributed to public libraries,
and of which one copy of all these documents is
read by each member of Congress—is the sum of
$28,050 40; the total cost being, as I before re-
marked, $673,173.
These figures carry out the remarks that I made
the other day. I stated that these maps, illustra-
tions, and engravings, were executed to accom-
pany works ordered by Congress to be printed, and
that the compensation actually paid to the Public
Printer ranged only from one sixth to one twelfth
of the total expenditure.
I also remarked the other day—though the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] misun-
derstood me—that it was proposed by this bill to
pay for works already executed, and for works
which were in process of execution underauthor-
ity given by one or other House of Congress.
Mr. SINGLETON. Does your estimate cover
the whole ten thousand copies of the report of
Emory's boundary commission?
Mr. PHELPS. It does not, and I will tell the
gentleman why it does not.
Air. SINGLETON. 1 will say this to the gen-
tleman and to the committee. There is now in
the hands of the chairman of the Committee on
Printing of this House, a resolution proposing
to strike off five thousand copies of the second
volume of that work, the committee believing
that we can dispense with that number, without
any detriment to Congress or to the Public Print-
er. Again, sir; geological maps, to be printed in
thirteen colors, have been ordered to be printed
with this second volume. We propose, in this
resolut'on, to dispense with these colored maps, so
far as the extra number of copies are concerned.
Let these colored maps go only with the regular
copies. By tiiese means a savins: of $30,000 can
be effected.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi heard read the letter to the Secretary of the
Interior. And let me remaik, with reference to
this boundary survey, Major Emory, who was
appointed commissioner on the part of the United
States to run that boundary line, has furnished
the matter for the first volume of the report; and,
as I understand, the engravings are being pre-
pared. They were probably prepared when that
first volume was distributed, some time during
the past summer. They were prepared, how-
ever, under the authority of Major Emory, And
here let>mc invite the attention of the House to
a resolution which was repoitcd from the Joint
Committee on Printing, and which was passed m
the Senate. This resolution proposed to divert
the balance of the appropriation for running this
boundary line to the printing of the report. But
that gave no authority to the Secretary of the In-
terior to disburse the money in that manner.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri. I desire
'to know whether, if these works were stopped
where they now arc, any considerable sum of
money would be saved to the Government?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 doubt whether anything
would be saved to the Government by stopping
the further execution of them, from the fact that
a large amount of the work consists of plates, that
are being engraved. A portion of them have been
already executed, and the remainder are in pro-
cess of execution at this time. I have here a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, giving
additional infoimaiion on this subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What about the coloring
of the plates ?
Mr. PHELPS. With regard to the coloring
of them, I suppose the decision is to color them.
They are specimens of natural history and botany
obtained by the scientific gentleman who accom-
panied that boundary survey commission; and I
suppose that that scientific gentleman would in-
form the gentleman from North Carolina that if
the plates were not colored, they would fad to
convey such information as they are iutended to
convey.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to ascertain whether
some considerable portion of this money might
not be saved by our refraining to take any more
of these plates than we have already taken ?
Mr. PHELPS. I can answer you on no other
terms than I have answered; because we do not
know to what extent these engravings have been
executed. We have gone on and made contracts
for the engraving and printing of these plates; and
if we now have their execution suspended, why,
as a matter of course, the engravers would have
equitable claims on Congress, as well for the work
done as for damages on account of our violation
of the contract; and you would have your Com-
mittee on Claims burdened with applications of
this kind, to ascertain the amount due them. As
these works are being executed, and the engrav-
ings being piepured in distant cities, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means could not obtain the
information in time for legislation. There are
thirty-six of them beoig prepared in Europe.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object, as the gentle-
man will see, is to obtain the facts in relation to
the matter. While 1 am opposed to all publica-
tions of this sort, at the same time, if our contract
has gone so far that no money would be saved by
the defeat of this bill, I woulu not be in favor of
defeating it.
Mr. PHELPS. My own opinion is, and I
believe that is the opinion of a portion of mv col-
leagues on the Committee of Ways and Means,
that we could not stop the printing of this work,
and save the Government of the United States
any considerable portion of the expense.
Furthermore, I will state that we were actuated
by this principle in the course we pursued: that
when you have directed your printer, and when
you have directed your engraver, to perform a
certain work, and then refuse to appropriate the
money under the contracts made by authoriry of
the Flouse and Senate, or by authority of the
Government, we actually become repudiators—a
position which 1 will never, by my vote, assume.
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to another point. I wish to
know whether the gentleman has any evidence as
to whether or not tiiese ten thousand maps or-
dered to be sn urk off have been executed: and if
they have not been executed, vvhethei we could !
not dispense with them without seriously impair-
ing tiie value of the work?
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the interrogatory, I
wi'ii read a loiler from the Secretary of the Intel for.
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to state further
that we, as membess of the Committee on Print-
ing and Binding, iia\e had before us individuals
who were well acquainted with these maps, and
we learned from them that none of them had been
colored; that thirteen stones upon which this,
woi k is cxecuied, and the coloring itself, hav not ,
been done; and so far as the ten thousand conies
of the second volume are concerned, that we may
dispense with those maps without any injury to
the work itself. By refusing to color these maps
we save the Government some #10,000.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman expects the
Committee of Ways and Means are going to ex-
amine into what is necessary to illustrate these
works which the House has ordered to be printed,
the House must appoint some other person than
myself as a member of that committee; for it is
an impossibility for us to investigate all these j
items of expenditure. When you have a Com- j
mittee on Printing, whose duty it is to investigate
and inquire into this matter, it is their duty to in-
quire whether you can dispense with any por-
ary survey (Mexican) have been executed, where exe-
cuted, how many are yet to be executed,and when /"'and la
reply f have to htate that,nil the migrations for'lho first'
ij volume have lonj? mace been completed. Ttteyarecom-
j, priced m seventy four steel engravings, three diagram*'on
• copper, twelve stone engraving*, and twenty wood ems.
| (Sea u contents" of fir-t volume.) A-< it will require §mne
time to investigate thte volume, *o as to reply to your fjne-
ncy, and a# it is nearly ready tor distribution, under the
Senate ami House outer-., f infer thai you have reference
more patticulaiiy to the illustrations of the second volume
or appendix.
Major Emory, United State? Commissioner, in a com-
munication, addressed to the Department, dated October 7,
18.V7, stated lhat there were at tiiat tune one bundled nya
thnry-ihree pages (eighty-one plates) completed, (Hydra-
tions tor the second volume, hems? principally illustrations
of the natural history and botany of the route, •&e.>at>outto
he turned over to the Department; and further stated Uiat
there weie about one lwudred and toity-four pages more iu
pio?ie^.s in the hands of artists, viz :
3'.) steel pages, m the hand* of Dr. En*relman,in Europe.
28 (27) steel page*, in the Hands of W. H. Dougal,
Georgetown, District of Columbia.
2 lithographic plates, botany, in the hands of Acker-
nian, New York.
48 hthogiaphic plates, botany, in the hands of Prestelle,
HulTalo, Now York.
25 lithographic plates, bird?, in the hands of Oassin,
Philadelphia.
4 or 5 plates (5) placed in the hand* of some Paris engraver
by Dr. Torry, of New Yoik.
144
Since the date of Major Emory's report above referred to,
Mr. Dougal has fini>hed the twenty-seven (reduced one by
reariamremeiit of ninteiial on the fteel plates) in his hands.
Aekonnan has I'ui niched informally seven proofs of botan-
ical ( tone) ensravinjrs. Pre.stello lias furnished nothing,
Cassin has fumHied nothing. Torry has furnished nothing.
En^leman has t'orwaidcd from Euiope sixteen pages of
botany, .(steel plate*,) now in the custom-house at New
Yoik, and dailv expected here.
The Depaitment has no official knowledge of the prog-
rPs>^ of the plates now in the hand* of artiste, nor any
definite ld^a as to the exact number. Those remaining
i>) the hands of Doctor Cngchnan will not probably be fin-
ished in twelve months Cabin's birds are about com-
pleted. Aeketman has prob.ihlyin hand bomc ten or twelve
plates, (>-ton<\) which, it is undei-nood, arc a part of the
loity eight above reteired to as being in the hands of Pres-
idio.
Theie appear, therefore, to he completed and in the
custody of the Department, one hundred and sixty pages for
tin' second volume, and about one bundled and sixteen
in progre««.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. Thompson, Secretary.
Hon. John S. Phelps, M. C.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to inquire
of tiic gentleman from Missouri, whether in his
opinion, if the execution of these works be ar-
rested here, there will, either in law oroquity, be
a violation of any contract with any person what-
ever ?
Mr. PHELPS. My opinion is that there will
be. If any engraver has made a contract with a
legally appointed officer of the Government to per-
form certain work, the Government bccomcs lia-
ble, in my opinion, not only for the work actually
i done, but, in strict justice, to damages for the
! non-performance of the contract.
| Now, sir, m reference to the matter of how much
j is due the printer, gentlemen seem to misunder-
j stand the position of the printer who is to per-
| form the work. Some of these works were ordered
j to be printed by the House and Senate in the
I Thirty-Third Congress, and they are to be exc-
| cuted by the gentlemen who were the printers for
| the Thirty-Third Congress, and not by the print-
! erg whom the Senate and House have elected for
| the present Confess. Air. Nicholson waselected
| printer of the Houf-'o for the Thirty-Third Con-
j gross, and what is doe on account of the printing
i ordered by the House for that Congress is due to
j him. Mr. Tucker was the printer for the Senate
| for the same Congress, and what is due on the
work ordered by the Senate for that Congress is
due to Mr. Tucker. You had two printers at the
la*t session. Mr. Nicholson was the printer for
tliu Senate, and Mr. Wendell for the House; and,
sir, there are amounts due to these gentlemen for
printing ordered to be done by the Senate and the
House of Representatives of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. There is, too, a mass of printing ex-
ecuted which is only in part of works ordered;
tion of the public printing, and whether, in their j) and so soon as the works shall be completed, and
opinion, we can dispense with these plates which jj turned over to the Superintendent of Public Print-
are being prepared in Europe, in Georgetown, :j ing, those gentlemen will become entitled to their
in New Yoik, Buffalo and Philadelphia. I now ij pay, according to the rates provided mtheuctof
efer gentlemen to a letter of the Secretary of the 'j Congress of i852.
Interior, in answer to certain inquiries made by
myself. It is the following:
Department of the Interior,
January 27, 1J&58.
Sir ; I have the honor to acknowledge the reeeiptol'your
note of yeoterday, asking " how many plates of the bound-
I Mr. GARNETT. I will ask the gentleman a
I question in connection with the inquiry of the
! gentleman from New York, a.nd it is this-: are
| not some of the contracts for engraving of this
I character: The contract is made by a certain
