1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
mm
ities. I find, from an examination of the records, !
that you have in Washington one hundred and j
thirty groceries, large and small, licensed to re-
tail spirituous liquors in quantities less than a
pint, and these are kept open from daybreak un-
tilmidnight. Thereare about five thousand seven
hundred voters in the city of Washington, and j
this gives us a grocery for every sixty men ! But |
that is not all. I find that, in addition to these, i
there are one hundred and seventy-one grocery j
stores licensed to sell liquor in quantities not less J
than a pint, and many of these, I have no doubt, !
violate the law and sell as little as three ccnts'j
worth. The one hundred and seventy-one added j
to the one hundred and thirty make three hundred !
and one establishments in the city of Washing- 1
ton that are authorized by law, licensed by the
city authorities, to sell liquor; or one for every
twenty-four men in the city. I would like to
know if such a state of things exists anywhere
else ?
Pass along Pennsylvania avenue, the greatthor-
oughfare of the city, and in almost every other
house a faro bank is to be found, familiarly called ;
the " tiger," where you can step in and get rid of
yourmoney justas soon as you choose. [Laugh- j
ter.] And this thing goes on in open daylight. 11 j
can not be unknown to the city authorities, and j
while the evil lies with the people of the city, or
rather with the city authorities, who license the j
groceries and permit the gambling establishments ,
to carry on their operations, although we may in- !
crease the police force to live hundred men, there !
is no possible chance of putting down this thing j
unless the good men of the city interest them- j
selves in the matter. I do hope, therefore, that the .
property-holders and men of standing and charac- \
ter will unite and aid us, as members of Congress, j
in our efforts to root out this set of plunderers J
and assassins who have crept into this metropo- !
lis, and are making it a hiss and a by-word for j
the whole country. When this change is made j
in their police regulations, when these dens of j
iniquity are closed, we may expect a better state j
of morals in the community, and that life and ,
property will have some piotection; but not be- ;
fore. j
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Chairman, theie is no |
person that can be more deeply impressed with the '
propncty of taking some active mea^uies to putan
end to the state of things of which gentlemen have '
spoken, than I am myself. As to those estab-
lishments of which my colleague hspoken, I
have no familiarity with them, and therefore can- ^
not speak about them; but 1 take it for granted
that my young friends here are better informed
on mat subject than I am. But the question here |
is not, whether we shall suppress these establish-
ments, and use our efforts to suppiess crime; but
the question is, whether the measure before Con-
gress is calculated even to aid in the suppiession
of crime, and in the restoration of peace and good
order to the city.
I have been of the opinion that for the purpose
of carrying out the objectdesired, and of prevent-
ing and putting a stop to the gross demoralization
which exists, and of preventing the perpetration
of offenses that are now being committed in the
broad light of day as well as m the daikness of
the night, brute force is not the one thing neces-
sary. We want the work of the head. We want
the work of the heart. We want intelligence,
energy, and activity on the part of the officers. 1
go upon the principle that fifty policemen, directed
by an intelligent and active head, capable of plan-
ning means to detect crime and to punish it, and
capable of ameliorating any errors that exist in
the court of law for the punishment of crime,
would do vastly more good than a thousand other
policemen.
I very much doubt whether an addition to the
police force of this city, to so large an extent as
is proposed, would be productive of any good.
There is never any resistance to the present force
on the part of these malefactors. What is re-
quired is a head, an intelligence, an activity, and
a spirit to^xecute the laws. It requires also good
morals on the part of the people of the city, and
all this cannot be had by a simple addition of
brute force to the police.
I have several objections, Mr. Chairman, to
this measure, whatever phase it may assume, and
gentlemen will do me the credit to believe that I
discard ail party considerations from it. I have
not looked at it, nor did I think it capable of be-
ing looked at in a party light. 1 *look at it as
simply a measure for suppressing crime, but I
think that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound
of cure.
Let us exert ourselves in ameliorating the law;
let us address ourselves to the intelligence of the
people of Washington, instead of supposing that
a mere police force is going,to restore a moral and
correct tone to the people. All that we hear may
be true; I have seen no evidence of it, and I con-
fess I sometimes walk the streets rather with a
curiosity to see whether anybody will attack me,
but I have thus far escaped the hands of the as-
sassin. Still there may be, I admit, a very de-
moralized state of public feeling in this city; but
that, in my humble opinion, cannot be corrected
by an increase of the police force. Where are
^our magistrates ? In such a condition of things,
they ought to be here, there, and everywhere,
watching actively to suppress crime,,and arrest
the offenders. My opinion is that the present po-
lice force is sufficient for every purpose for which
it is proposed to increase it.
Believing, then, Mr. Chairman, that this meas-
ure is entirely unnecessary and will not answer
the purpose, I shall vote against it in every phase
and shape it may assume. I believe it is unne-
cessary, I believe it can have no salutary effect.
On the contrary, if this chief of police, with so
much power to appoint all the officers and men
should be idle or careless, the force under him
would be worse than useless. He may be honest,
he may be patuotic, he may be influenced by no
party bias, and yet he may be entirely unfitted
for such a position. There is not one man in a
thousand capable of performing the duty of a
chief of police. It requires peculiar character. In
the whole empire of Napoleon there was not one
man who could fill the place of Fouche. If I could
believe that this bill would effect the object that
these gentlemen intend, 1 might be induced to
waive my other objections. But I have another
great objection, and that is, against giving this
national Government the control of this pretorian
guard without some strong reason. It is not only
a force of a hundied men, but the bill contains a
provision authorizing the President to add to it
two hundred more.
Mr. GOODE. If the gentleman will read the
bill, he will find that it gives the President no
such power.
Mr. QUITMAN. * have read the bill; and,
in my opinion, it establishes a permanent system
upon our Government which it will be very diffi-
cult to get i id of.
Mr. BLISS. I understand the gentleman to
say that this is starting out with a now policy, or
inaugurating a new system. Am I misinformed,
or have we not formally years supported a police*
force in this city ;
Mr. QUITMAN. I will explain the matter to
which the gentleman refers. The system is not
, entirely new. I am told that an auxiliary police
force is now supported by the Government^
My own opinion is, that we should establish a
small detective police force here, and make it a
part of the machinery of the Government. Gen-
tlemen are mistaken that the forcc ihey propose
i to establish will make a permanently better state
| of things, unless they suppose that the moials of
| the great political collection of men here will be
i reformed by time: and I am afraid it will require
■ something more than the mere lapse of time to
| conect some of the evils which grow out of this
} great collection of politicians.
I But, Mr. Chairman,1 will proceed very briefly—
j 'for I do not intend to make an argument—to pre-
i sent my own judgment of the meiits of the bill
j now before us. Independent of its mixing up the
j powers of the General Government with that of
! the municipal authorities; independent of its na-
tionality; independent of us centralization—inde-
pendent of all that, I have other objections. It
is true that the sole and exclusive legislation over
the District rests in Congress; but there is no
more reason why Congress should pay for the ,
police of the city of Washington, than for the
city of Georgetown, or any otiiei point within th^
limits of the District. As well might they place
i a special police wherever there is property loca-
I ted. Because the legislative power over theDis- '
| trict rests m Congress, it is no more HJjht to es-
i tablish a spccial police here, at the cost of the ,
Government, than for .any other city ip the Uni-
ted States, certain portions of which may, be
under the control of the Government. >It is not
in accordance with the principles of our Govem-
meot. « . ,. - V v
But, Mr. Chairman, the strongest-argument;!
have heard in support of this bili.is, that itjft mix
duty to protect members of Congress and the rep-
resentatives of foreign Govern ments here, from the
dangers w hich surround them. As to the protection
of members of Congress, the better mode would
be to order a battalion here from the Army, and
give to each member of Congress a special guard
to accompany him and protect him. It is the duty
of the Government to protect members of Con-
gress; but why not protect them through the.mil-
itary force? They would not be protected by a
mere increase of the police force of the city, un-
less each member should have one stationed for
his especial protection. We already have at hai.id
a military force, which may be called out by order
of the President to support the police force, if that
should be insufficient. The reasons, therefore,
which are assigned in favor of this bill are,in my
opinion, not sufficient to remove the serious ob-
jections against the establishment of this descrip-
tion of military force at the seat of Government.
Mr. SINGLETON. Will my colleague sug-
gest a better remedy than the one contemplated
by this bill? It is much easier to find fault with
a bill introduced by others, than to frame one to
meet existing evils, which is liable to no such ob-
jections.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am not oh the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and the details of
this matter are not peculiarly under my charge.
I would select half a dozen honest, intelligent,ac-
tive men, and make them a detective police. I
would make it their especial duty to see that all
cases of crime were reported, and that the laws
for the punishment of crime were carried out.
Mr. SINGLETON. Whom would my col-
league fix on to appoint these detective officers?
Mr. QUITMAN. The President.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman will see
at once that he yields to the principle, which a
while ago he combated—that is, increasing Fed-
eral patronage, by giving the President power to
appoint.
Mr. QUITMAN. I do not know that any plan
would be entirely unobjectionable to me; and J
am only speaking of one less objectionable than
the one before us, and one more likely to secure
the end aimed at m creating this additional force.
Mr. Chairman, my principal objection is this:
this demoralization cannot be suppressed by force,
although it'may be. by lcgislation;and there may
be a good result reached, if the committee, with
the talent it has displayed, will turn its attention
to the moral and intellectual interests of this com-
munity.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi, who has just taken his seat, is unquestion-
ably right m stating the difficulties under which
we are laboring and the demoralization which
pervades society here. I propose for a moment
to inquire into the oiigin of that demoralization.
I do not mean, in the remarks which I shall sub-
mit to the committee, to be governed by any party
piejudiee. I have no doubt whatever that th„
difficulties which pervade and demoralize society
here, originated in that piratical political maxim,
I that to the victors belong the spoils. It is a maxim
! which has perhaps been practiced by all parties,
| and for which no party is specially responsible
| at this day. But, sir, that this is the origin of these
! difficulties, no man who will look to the progress
; and tendency of things can doubt for a single mo-
! ment. Here is the great center of political power
I and patronage. Here is the fountain head from
j which they are distributed. Here is the place
j where all the seekers for office at the hands of
power congregate for the purp«ose of receiving re-
! wards for pamsan services. YViu-never you once
\ establish the maxim that to the victors belong the
! spoils, and that the offices and emoluments of the
| Government, immense as they are, shall be dis-
pensed to partisans as rewards for partisan ser-
vices, you have established a principle which
results in the demoralization of society, and the
; corruption and eventual overthrow of the Govcrn-
; ment; for when it is onee settled that partisan
services are to be rewarded, it follows necessarily
j and legitimately that the more valuable'and the
