1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
their gross amounts, but that one sixth part of
the exports in the last seven years has been coin
and bullion, the increased consumption of foreign
merchandise in the last ten years will appear to
be still more astonishing; and that such an unequal
trade could have been maintained for a period of
ten years, is really marvelous. Why, sir, it rivals
in extravagance some of the stories in the enter-
tainments of the Arabian Nights; and it is only
a less marvel that none of the public gentlemen
addicted to the study of such questions should not
have foreseen the catastrophe which did finally
come.
It has been said, by way of apology for those
whose duty and position required that they should
have proposed some preventive measure in time
to have avoided the late revulsion, that nobody
anticipated or could have foreseen such an inter-
ruption to the prosperous condition of the coun-
try.
Allow me, sir, in answer to this very extraor-
dinary assertion, to read a passage or two from a
number of the London Economist, a journal of
great authority upon all questions of trade and
finance, published 3d January, 185", and which
reaches this country usually m about a fortnight
after the publication, and which I must presume
is taken at the Treasury Department:
" Turning from the finance accounts to the trade returns,
they present, as we have already said, results altogether
unprecedented in the history of this or any other country ;
and we frankly admit that it is impossible to contemplate
tliem without feeling some misgiving as to the continuance
of an expansion so sudden and so remarkable. An increase
in our exports to the extent of £20,000,000 in a single year
is a fact for which the most sanguine could not be prepared.
It is true that, at the commencement of the year, we con-
cluded a great war, and entered upon a period of peace.
But it must be borne m mind that the war was not of a
character which interfered much with our foreign trade,
and that, in point of fact, our expoits, while they had not
increased, yet did not suffer any material diminution during
its continuance. There were not, therefore, as has some-
times been the ease at the conclusion of a war, great mar-
kets to supply, which had become exhausted of stocks."
***********
" Judging, therefore, only by the evgnts of the past year,
it would be difficult to conceive any combination of cir-
cumstances more promising for the year to come. Past ex-
perience has, however, shown that periods of sudden expan-
sion and of remarkable prosperity, even though unaccom-
panied by any obvious speculative character, are generally
followed by a reaction, less or more serious, according to
circumstances."
The exports of British manufactures in 1855,
amounted to .£95,688,085; but in 1856, at one
bound, they rose to ^115,890,857—an increase in
one year of <£20,000,000, equal to $100,000,000;
an increase unparalleled, according to this au-
thority, in the history of trade and commerce in
that country or any other. But dropping this
point, and assuming that it is too much to expect
of our public functionaries that they should be
able to descry any signs of an approaching storm
until it bursts upon them, let us inquire, for a
moment, in what other respects the Government
has contributed to bring upon the country the late
disastrous revulsion. The Government is alto-
gether innocent, says the President, of this thing;
and so say the leaders of the Democratic party;
the banks alone are guilty; all the wild speculation,
over-trading, and stock gambling, which brought
on the late crisis, were caused by the banks.
Sir, let us see how this is. What has been the
policy of the Government of late in relation to
the public lands ? Millions upon millions of acres
of the public lands have been purchased from the
Indians and thrown upon the market, far exceed-
ing in amount the wants of the country, or of an
increasing population. Investments of a specu-
lative character in the public lands have thus been
invited and encouraged by the Government, which
have greatly deranged and embarrassed the reg-
ular business operations of the country. This is
a notorious fact.
Again, in the last five or seven years, twenty-
five million acres of the public domain have been
given to encourage the construction of railways
in the new States—some of them penetrating to
the remotest borders of the settlements in the in-
terior; and these donations have stimulated the
expenditure of large amounts of borrowed capital
in constructing roads, which cannot pay the cur-
rent expenses of operating them, and are not now
worth one half their original cost.
Can it be truly said that the Government is in
no degree responsible for this enormous exten-
sion of credit, absorption of capital, and stock-
gambling which have grown out of this improv-
ident multiplication of railroads, and its kindred
policy of tempting speculation in wild lands, not
wanted for settlements? I have heard that some
grave Senators have been seduced by the idea that
they could be suddenly enriched by embarking
largely in the purchase of these lands.
Mr. President, embarrassed as I am by the ob-
vious desire of the Senate to close this question
without further debate, I am sensible that I have
not been, and shall not be, able to do any sort of
justice to the subjects which I have undertaken
to discuss. But, sir, even at the hazard of in-
curring the displeasure of some of my friends, I
propose to continue my remarks, and bring to the
notice of the Senate and of the country another
branch of the subject before us—one which I con-
sider of the greatest importance.
The observation and experience of the ablest
business men of the country have led them to the
conclusion that the best regulator of trade and
currency, and the surest preventive of those dis-
astrous fluctuations in both which have so often
brought distress upon the country, is to be sought
for in the commercial policy of the Government.
By the Constitution the commerce between the
thirty-two limited sovereignties of the confeder-
ated Union, with an aggregate population of thirty
millions, is free. Here there is full scope for the
operation of free-trade principles. The commer-
cial power of this Government, though given in
terms equally over domestic and foreign com-
merce, is virtually limited by other provisions of
the Constitution to foreign commerce; and, ac-
cordingly, if we leave out of view the regulation
ot the coastwise trade, it is only in reference to
foreign commerce that we have any commercial
regulations, prescribed either by treaty or by stat-
ute. The great question is, whether this power
to regulate foreign commerce can or ought to be
exercised in such manner as to increase and give
stability to domestic or internal commerce; or, as
one school of political economists contend, solely
with the view to raise revenue for the support of
the Government? Can it be that the commercial
power of the Government was given for any such
narrow and limited object; or was it not rather
given for the far more noble and beneficent pur-
pose of developing the resources, stimulating the
productive energies, increasing the wealth of the
country, and thereby adding to the comfort and
improving the condition of the people? Com-
mercial regulations that look exclusively to rev-
enue, or to an increased foreign trade, neglect the
foundation of both; for an ample revenue and a
constantly-increasing foreign commerce depend
upon the increasing activity and productions of
internal commerce and industry. Increased pro-
ductions depend upon the diversity of pursuits
which invite the employment of capital and labor,
and, withal, upon a sound and sufficient circulat-
ing medium. All these considerations enter into
the economy of domestic industry and trade; and
as these flourish and increase, so do the revenue
and foreign trade. There is no antagonism be-
tween them; yet from the nature of things, that
one interest upon which another depends for its
support, must be of the greatest importance. So
in fact it is, in magnitude as well as in priority of
rank.
Taking $1,100,000,000—the estimate of Profes-
sor Tucker—as the value of the annual product of
the industry and capita! of the country in 1840,
and taking further his estimate of the decennial in-
crease of the annual products relatively to popula-
tion, and making proper allowance for the acces-
sion of California to the productive power of the
country since 1840 as the basis of the calculation,
the value of the annual products of the industry
and capital of this country, at this time, may be
estimated at two thousand five hundred millions of
dollars. The distribution and interchange of the
articles or the commodities which make up the
amount of these products arc what constitute the
domestic or internal commerce of the country, ex-
cept that portion which not being wanted for con-
sumption at home, is exported and exchanged for
foreign merchandise; and these last, when brought
into the country, add to the internal commerce of
the country in proportion to triur quantity and
v alue.
Discarding alike the amount of exports in the
fiscal year of 1856, ending on the ,30th June, 1857,
and the exports of the present fiscal year, ending
on the 30th June, 1858—the one being too high
and the other two low upon which.to base an es-
timate of what the amount or value Qf the exports
would be if the commerce of the country were in
a sound and prosperous condition, I will take a
medium amount—say $950,000,000—as likely to
be the full value of the annual exports of domes-
tic produce, for some years at least after the trade
and industry of the country shall resume their
usual activity. The profits made upon the expor-
tation of these #250,000,000 worth of domestic
productions, and upon the merchandise received
in exchange, constitute the full value of the for-
eign commerce of the country for one year.
It will thus be seen that the domestic commod-
ities annually sent abroad and exchanged for for-
eign products, estimating them at $250,000,000,
constitute but one tenth part of the value of the
annual products of the capital and industry of
the country. This .one tenth of the annual na-
tional products is all that is exchanged abroad,
and is the basis of what we call the foreign com-
merce of the country. As to the relative magni-
tude of the two interests—the foreign and the
domestic—the one is ten times-more valuable than
the other.
But small as is the proportion of our foreign
to our domestic commerce, I do not undervalue
its importance. It is our foreign trade which
takes up and turns to account the annual surplus
products of our industry, or that portion which
is not demanded for use or consumption at homo.
Though from the variety of soil and climate,
and the extent of its mineral deposits, this coun-
try is less dependent for any essential supply upon
the products of foreign growth than any country
beneath the sun, yet it is dependent upon foreign
trade for some articles which from habit have be-
come necessary to the comfortable subsistence of
the people—such as tea, coffee, and sugar, and
some others employed in certain manufactures; but
for all else—for the $30,000,000 of woolen goods,
the $30;000,000 of cotton goods, the $30,000,000
of silks, the $25,000,000 of iron and iron man-
ufactures, ana many million dollars' worth of
other articles annually imported—this country
could, and may in time, be rendered wholly in-
dependent of foreign supply. Silks, and the
finer fabrics of wool and cotton, and some of
the finer articles of cutlery excepted, the whole
amount of the woolen and cotton goods, the iron
and iron manufactures, no wimportedfrom abroad,
could be produced in this country in a compara-
tively short period; for it ie a remarkable fact
that three fourths of the entire amount of British
manufactures are such as require no greater skill
in the operative than can be acquired in a few
months' practice. The bulk of the cotton and
woolen goods, all the iron, and most of the iron
manufactures exported, are of the coarser quali-
ties.
But to come back to the point in question. Two
things are clear; the extent and value of the for-
eign trade does and must always depend upon
the quantity and value of the products of internal
or domestic industry; and the greater the activity
of internal trade ana industry, the greater will be
the quantity of surplus products, raw or manu-
factured, to swell the outward current of trade,
and the greater the power of the people to con-
sume the foreign products received in exchange
for them. The first and greatest question, there-
fore, to be considered in deciding the policy of
our Government in relation to currency and com-
merce, is, beyond all cavil, what policy would be
best calculated to develop the resources of the coun-
try, and impart the greatest degree of activity to i n -
ternal trade and industry? That is the great ques-
tion; and in regard to this, two directly opposite
theories or opinions are held, and one other inter-
mediate between the two. One division or class
of the partisans of free trade contend that foreign
commerce should be as free and untrammeled as
the commerce between the several States of the
Union; and, to give effect to this policy, that the
revenue to support the Government should be
raised by direct taxes, and that the commercial
power given to Congress by the Constitution
should lie anil etui be exercised constitutional!v
