586
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 36,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Fifteen Million Loan—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
no further than to compel reciprocity. Another
class of the same school of economists do not go
quite so far; they hold that it is well enough to
raise the necessary revenue to support the Gov-
ernment by duties on imported merchandise, but
insist that it is neither expedient nor constitu-
tional to impose any such'duties on imports but
for purposes of revenue, and that no discrimina-
tion is admissible with a view to the protection
of domestic manufactures. But there is still an-
other class of political economists, or rather of
practical business men, in this country, who hold
the opposite of those doctrines; who hold that the
commercial power given to Congress by the Con-
stitution was intended to be exercised not merely
to countervail the commercial policy of other na-
tions, but to establish a commercial policy of our
own, founded upon the particular circumstances
in thenondition of our own country; such a pol-
icy as would lead, in the first place, to the pro-
duction within our own limits, as far as practi-
cable, of all commodities of first necessity to our
defense in time of war, and our subsistence both
in time of peace and war, that being an essential
condition of independence; such a policy as, in
the next place, would bo calculated to develop
every latent or neglected resource of the country,
and call into action and stimulate every moral and
physical clement of productive industry to the
highest point of attainable skill and excellence.
How the foreign commerce of the country,
small as it is in value, compared with the internal
trade and production, if left free from all or from
proper restrictive control, may injuriously affect
the latter and the greater interest, may be shown
by a few facts and considerations.
No great derangement or fluctuation in the cur-
rency of the country, nor any commercial revul-
sion, has ever been brought about, but in con-
nection with excessive importations of foreign
products. There may be speculation and over-
trading to a considerable extent at home; the cir-
culation may he occasionally increased beyond a
safe limit; but the great internal machine of pro-
duction is a self-adjusting one.ifleft to its normal
operation. Those who speculate wildly and over-
trade, suffer; but there is no general crash or
stuppage of business, unless there be an explo-
sion from abroad. Take the example of the re-
vulsion of 1837, one of the most ruinous the coun-
try has ever passed through; the value of the
imports of foreign merchandise in 1834 was, in
round numbers, $126,000,000. In 1836 they rose
to #189,000,000, showing an increase in two years
of |63,000,000. No wonder that in 1837 there
was a general crash. Many ingenious sugges-
tions have been made to relieve foreign commerce
from any responsibility for the revulsion of that
year, but there stands the fact of an increase in
imported goods of fifty per cent, in two years.
Let us now see how the case stands in relation
to the recent revulsion. In the year ending 30th
June, 1855, the imports were,in round numbers,
#212,000,000; in the year ending 30th June, 1857,
they rose to $3(50,000,000, showing an increase in
two years of $148,000,000. Is it therefore won-
derful, that a general crash followed this enorm-
ous violation of the laws of regular trade ? When
it is considered how important it is to the active
and successful prosecution of all the arts of pro-
duction to maintain a currency at once sound,
steady, and abundant, and that it is impossible to
maintain such a currency without an adequate
supply at all times of the precious metals, we may
be able to form some estimate of the extent of the
injuries inflicted upon the country by an ill-regu-
lated foreign commerce; draining it of those in-
dispensable commodities, or causing them to be
hoarded in banks orprivate coffers, forcing a rapid
contraction of the circulating medium, superin-
ducing a fall of prices, a depreciation of property
ruinous to debtors, a general loss of confidence
and destruction of credit, the utter prostration of
many important branches of individual enter-
prise, and the depression of all.
But however grievous the consequences of these
occasional revulsions to the general prosperity,
they sink into comparative insignificance when
contrasted with the permanent obstacles inter-
posed by an ill-regulated and inadequately re-
stricted foicigu commerce to the full development
of the industrial resources of the country. The
native energies of the people will, in a few years,
overcome the disasters of the most ruinous com-
mercial revulsion; but they can never be dis-
played in their full proportions under the perpet-
ual incubus of an essentially vicious and injurious
commercial policy.
I have before stated that the value cf foreign
products in 1857 must have been $460,000,000,
instead of being no more than the $360,000,000, as
shown by the custom-house accounts. I found
this conclusion upon these facts and circum-
stances: The value of the products exported in
the year 1857, at the place of export or shipment,
was, in round numbers, $362,000,000; while the
value of the imports at the place of export from
the country where produced, was, in round num-
bers, only $360,000,000; neither the increased value
of the exports in the foreign market, the interest
on the capital invested by the merchant, nor the
profits upon the inward adventure, or the wages
of mercantile industry, are represented in the
amount of imports: and it not being so represented,
where it should regularly appear, it would seem
that the foreign trade of this country is carried on
without any profit, or rather at a loss. Amer-
ican merchants do not engage in foreign trade on
such terms. How different the returns of the
British foreign commerce. It appears from the ac-
counts returned to Parliament of the foreign trade
of the United Kingdom for the year 1856, that
the declared or real value of the British and Irish
exports was <£115,890,857, or $579,454,285; while
the declared value of the imports of the United
Kingdom, for the same year, were <£172,654,823,
equivalent to $863,274,115, and showing an ex-
cess of imports over exports of more than forty
per cent, after deducting <£23,000,000 of imports
exported to foreign countries. On the same au-
thority, 1 am authorized to state that the excess
of imports over exports, in a series of years, has
averaged forty per cent. If the rate of returns on
foreign trade carried on by American merchants
should be equal to that of the British merchant—
and I cannot see why it should not be—then the
value at the port of delivery of the foreign mer-
chandise imported into this country in the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, should be stated at
{<505,246,197. Allowing a similar rate of increase
in the annual amount of importations stated in the
Treasury report, it will result that in the last ten
years $960,000,000, or nearly one thousand mil-
lion dollars' worth of foreign products, have been
imported into the United States more than ap-
pears in the custom-house returns, or in the Treas-
ury reports; and in the same time, the frauds upon
the revenue must have exceeded one hundred and
fifty million dollars—an amount sufficient to con-
structa railway to the Pacific. The people of the
country, not even the President himself, nor the
officers of the Government, who have a more
particular interest in the subject than others, have
no means of knowing the amount of the foreign
merchandise brought into the country at any
time. Nothing could be more conclusive than this
extraordinary deficiency of information upon so
important a subject, that our whole commercial
system is essentially blind, deceptive, and founded
upon false principles.
In the absence of all reliable custom-house re-
turns, showing the amount of our import trade,
and when credit enters so largely into all mer-
cantile operations, it is easy to see how the coun-
try may become extensively involved by over-
trading, and find the currency and the whole
machinery of production suddenly disordered
without any previous warning; especially when
the state of foreign exchange is repudiated as any
indication, either favorable or unfavorable, of the
condition of the currency or of foreign trade, as
it is by our most distinguished financiers and po-
litical economists. The delusion of a prosperous
condition of the country, in the absence of wise
and proper commercial relations, may prevail for
years before the inevitable catastrophe dispels it.
That such a delusion prevailed during the last
five years, we now know; but the mystery is,
how it was kept up so long; for, dim as the light
was which the Treasury reports shed upon the
subject of the trade of the country, it was suffi-
cient, one would have supposed, to have putbusi-
ness men on their guard.
The average value of the annual amount of im-
ports during the five years, commencing with 1848,
was $181,000,006; while the average of the last
fivef years was $301,000,000, showing an increase
in five years of $120,000,000. In 1852, the year
preceding the last term of five years, the imports
were only $212,945,442; in 1857 they rose to the
sum of $360,890,151, exhibiting a difference of
$147 ,944,699, or nearly seventy-five per cent. We
can now understand, if we will, why it was that
the gold and silver, the basis of a sound currency,
was leaving the country during the last five years
at the average rate of $47,000,000 a year. We
can now understand, if we will, how, in order to
keep pace with this extraordinary expansion of
foreign trade, and to supply the place of the gold
and silver sent out of the country to pay for the
excessive importation of foreign wares, the banks
increased their issues and extended their dis-
counts; how the manufacturers continued their
business at a loss, as they must have done, under
a competition with foreign goods so overwhelm-
ing in amount, in hopes that a better time would
come; and how it was, that when neither the mer-
chants, nor the manufacturers, nor the banks,
could longer bear up against the pressure, all went
down together, some few of the banks, swindling
concerns from their origin, and thousands of hon-
est merchants and manufacturers, never to rise
again. I repeat, that we can now understand, if
wc will, how and why it is that when such a crash
comes, money becomes scarce or ceases to circu-
late; that the prices of property and all the pro-
ducts of industry fall; that the debtor finds that
he has substantially double the amount to pay
that he contracted to pay; how the farmer and
planter have to take half price for their products,
or let them rot in the barn or under the shed; how
all the springs of production become relaxed, and
the whole social movement retarded.
Whoever, like the President and the author of
the article 1 have referred to in the Edinburgh Re-
view, attributes the late revulsion, with all its
train of evils, to an ill-regulated currency, must
be deaf to the teachings of experience. The one
of these authorities is supporting a party, and the
other the interests of his own country. The un-
restricted issue of paper money may have con-
tributed to the disaster, as 1 have before stated,
but the great first cause of this wide-spread
calamity is to be found in an ill-regulated, unre-
stricted foreign commerce. Sir,it was free trade!
I have heard it announced once or twice, in
debate on this floor, that nobody is now bold
enough to advocate the protective policy. The
Secretary of the Treasury announces, in his re-
port, that" the day has passed in this country for
increasing the restrictions on commerce." The
enlightenment of the period in which we live is
too great for that! The policy of Great Britain,
in modifying her tariff, to some extent, in con-
formity with the spirit of free trade, is held up as
an example fit to be followed by this country. I
have already expressed my admiration of the pro-
found wisdom of British statesmen. They never
sacrifice a great national interest to a mere ab-
straction. They know perfectly well that they
risk nothing in the changes they have made in
their commercial policy. They know, too—what
American statesmen have yet to learn—that th-e
reciprocity in trade which they affect generously
to offer to the acceptance of all nations is neither
fair nor equal in its benefits, except as between
nations in some parity of condition, and the nat-
ural resources of which have been equally devel-
oped. There can be no fair competition other-
wise in the race for preeminence in wealth and
power. All the world knows that England stands
now without a rival in the arts of production, and
that, if the principles of free trade were now in-
grafted upon the policy of all other nations, she
never could have a rival. The free-trade parti-
sans in this country speak so vauntingly of the
progress of these principles, that 1 should like to
hear what nations or people have made them the
basis of their commercial policy? what great Pow-
er, especially, has adopted this policy? Great
Britain, it is true, has adopted them as far as they
are applicable to her circumstances and condition;
and to that extent, other Powers have done so;
But what one has gone beyond that point? Is it
Russia? Is it Austria? Is it France? None of
those Powers have fallen into the snare; nor could
