1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is wrong in
this. The House may order the printing of the
regular number of any document; but when it is
proposed to print extra numbers, the propriety of
printing those extra numbers is referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly. _
Mr. PHELPS. You may order the printing
at any time of the President'^ message and the
accompanying documents; but a proposition for
the printing of extra copies for distribution is a
matter which the Committee on Printing have
to examine into. INTow, I say that the resolution
which I have read ditected the printing of addi-
tions to be made to the report.
Mr. WASHBURN?:, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will give way to me for
a moment. I know something: in relation to the
printing of this work entitled Commercial Rela-
tions; and as I have been alluded to by the gen-
tleman from Virginia in his remarks as being in
some degree responsible for the printing of it, I
wish to refer to the record to show how it stands.
I hope the gentleman from Missouri will lH me
have a very little time to explain this matter.
Mr. PHELPS. Do not take too much of my
time.
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will be brief.
It will be recollected by those who recollect any-
thing about this subject, that the resolution in re-
lation to these commercial statistics was introduced
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
on December 14,1853, requiring this information
to be given. On the 10th of March, 1856, the
President of the United States transmitted to the
House the information which was required by
that resolution; and the then Secretary of State
(the late Mr. Marcy) addressed a letter to me, as
chairman of the Committee on Commerce of the
last Congress, on the subject, and inclosed afotm
of resolutions to be passed by the House, which
he supposed would answer the purposes of the
original resolution requiring the information.
That resolution was passed by the House unan-
imously. It provided for the printing in the man-
ner therein specified.
The Secretary, in his letter to me, also trans-
mitted a letter from the Superintendent, Mr.
Flagg, the gentleman who had charge of the
work. And it was not only on the authority of
the information contained in thatletterthatl made
my remarks before the House, but on the author-
ity of the information which 1 obtained at the De-
partment before I reported the resolution. 1 went
to the State Department and examined the manu-
script and somewhat into the character of the
work. I was informed by the Superintendent
that it would make a volume like one which he
had in his office and printed by order of the Brit-
ish Parliament. I brought that volume to the
House, and held it up to the view of the House
in order to let it be seen what sort of a volume it
was supposed it would make. The manuscript
was sent in to the House at the time the resolu-
tion was passed,and the mistake was on the part
of the Superintendent and Secretary as to how
much printed matter thfc manuscript would make.
It only amounts to this, that the work being
printed in a styleand manner appropriate for such
a work, it has made more than it was supposed.
I will read what Mr. Flagg says in his letter:
"5. The report will probably make, if printed, a quarto
volume about the of' one of tn« volumes, oi' Executive
Documents No. 01, containing the ' Repoit of Evploiauons
and Surveys, &c., lor a iiaihoad to the Pacific Ocean,'
printed by oider of the House in 1855, or the 1 Coast Pur-
vey,' or the 'House Li^t of Private Claims;.' Commer-
cial and statistical matter, like that of the present leport,
is geneialty punted by othei Governments (by Great I3nt-
ain, France, Belgium, Austria, Spain, Mexico, &c.) in tho
large quarto form, for the more convenient arrangement of
tabular statements."
Mr. PHELPS. I have made no reflection upon,
the gentleman from Illinois.
- Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I say further,
that I had nothing to do with the extra copies;
my resolution did not provide anything of the
kind. "The motion for such extra copies did not
come from me. It came from the honorable
Speaker of the House, who proposed twenty
thousand extra copies; and as to all that matter
of the price of printing, I had no knowledge.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has misunder-
stood my object in referring to this. I quoted
that part of the resolution which directed the
printing of any subsequent information that the
; Secretary might deem important, arid which res-1
' olution the gentleman from Illinois says was pre- |
■ pared by the Secretary of State. I quoted it to !
sustain the position that I took. In reply to the j
interrogatory of the gentleman from Georgia, !
i [Mr. Stephens,] I stated that the resolution di-1
reeling that document to be printed had passed |
unanimously, and that it directed the printing of !
i matter where tho manuscript had not been re- j
1 ceived. |
| Mr. WASHP.URNE, of Illinois. One word j
| more. I will show that the House did not act in '
j the dark; that members were not misled. Here |
is the letter of Mr. Flagg on this subject, read in I
the presence of the House, and I want to read it j
now to do him justice, and to show further that '
the House was fully advised in the premises and !
knew what it was about: S
" It is very respectfully suggested that, inasmuch as it is
important that the House should comprehend i he character
and contents of the report about to be transmitted, m older
that they may act understandingly in its disposition, and,
inasmuch as very little can now bo known of it, and, if
printed, months must elapse before it can appear, and in-
asmuch as the introductory lettei of the superintendent to
the Secietaiy of ritnfe g ves, in about a dozen fool-cap
pages of oulinary writing, a complete return^ of tho whole
icport, it might he well if a few thousand copies of that let-
ter were punted at once tor general information."
Although this work has cost a considerable sum,
it has cost less than any work of the kind eVcr
printed. It is undoubtedly the most comprehen-
sive, most important, and most valuable work
ever printed by Congress, and does groat credit to !
tho gentleman (Mr. Flagg) who got it up. It '
has given us i^reat credit at home and abroad.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Illinois
has paid a very handsome compliment to Mr. j
Flagg, which i indorse.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGcorgia. I suppose that
the gentleman from Missouri will no longer insist !
on that resolution which he has read, being so
construed as to authorize the printing of two or
three additional volumes.
Mr. PHELPS. The resolution does sustain my
position, that-the House did order the printing of
manuscript not in its possession, but not that it
ordered the printing of extra copies. I am not
contefiding for that. It ordered the printing of
manuscript winch might be thereafter compiled
under the direction of the Secretary of State. It
ordered the printing of information which might
be received subsequent to the date when he com-
municated that document to the House, and which
the Secretary might regard as important to tho \
commercial relations of the country. J
But the gentleman from Georgia seems to find j
fault with this publicprinting. Has not that con- I
tleman been aware that a resolution was adopted |
directing the printing of the Pacific railroad sur-
veys? Has he not been aware that expenses
were incurred in the procurement of the paper, in
placing the manuscript in the hands of the printer,
and in directing him to execute the work in pur-
suance of the act of 185*3? Has he not been aware
that maps and illustrations have also boon placed j
in the hands of engravers, under contracts made I
by lawful authority, and that the expenses were ;
running on day after day? And when has he in-I
terfered to arrest this expenditure ? * j
But now that contracts have been lawfully made, j
and that the work has been progressing under
them, a singularspint of economy seems to have ;
come over the committee; and certain gentlemen i
are willing to put in practice the principle of re- j
pudiation, and to repudiate and refuse to pay the
obligations which our predecessors have incurred ,
and which are as valid and binding on us as the
bonds of the Government which were issued un- 1
dcr the act of 3847, and which arc now outstand- >
ing, or as the Treasury notes that were author-
ized to be issued the other day, and that are now !
in the hands of the community. Go to the public ■
printing office here, and you will find some four ,
hundred persons employed, and you will find an
amount duo to the persons engaged in the man- :
agement of that concern of nearly sixty thousand
dollars. During these late hard times indeed they ;
were compelled to borrow money to pay their !
workmen, at the rate of from three to live percent. ;
a month. And yet members of the House of i
Representatives are unwilling to pay the amount !|
due for this public printing, so as to enable the ,|
printer to pay the wages of the workmen in his
employ. ^ !;
There is another view to be taken in connection ; 1
•with this matter. That is, that one who was a
Public Printer is now abroad, and has left that
duty to be discharged by another person in his
name—to execute the printing ordered by the Sen-
ate during the Thirty-Third Congress; and liabil-
ities have been incurred, and money is due to him
on this account.
What else? You have sent abroad over the
country inviting proposals for furnishing paper,
according to tlie directions of the act of 1852.
Paper manufacturers have made their proposals to
the Superintendent of the Public Printing. Theic
propositions have been accepted,'and they re-
quired to furnish from time to time paper for the
public printing, and have furnished it; and at this
time there is over one hundred thousand dollars
due to these paper manufacturers, and they are
embarrassed on account of the non-payment of
the amount due them. They appeal, not to the *
liberality of Congress; but they ask that the con-
tracts which they made shall be faithfully exe-
cuted and observed. They ask Congress to place
at the disposal of the Government the money ne-
cessary to liquidate their just demands under their
contracts. The same maybe said of the engravers,
lithographers, and copper-plate printers, scattered
through the northern cities. They have been em-
ployed under competent authority to execute these
works, to furnish these maps and charts to us;
and they want from this Government the money
justly due them.
Those, Mr. Chairman, are some of the reasons
that induced the Committee of Ways and Means
to ask for the passage of this bill. We must en-
deavor to guide our course in future by the exam-
ples that we have had. 1 was pleased, the other
day, to see the defeat of the resolution reported
by the Committee on Printing, providing for the
printing of the Coast Survey report. It was es-
timated that the cost of these copies would amount
to $20,000; and yet, in my opinion, the expense
would have exceeded the amount estimated by
that committee. Gentlemen will recollect that tho
cost of the printing of the Coast Survey report
for the last Congress was near forty thousand
dollars, and although the Committee on Printing
proposed to reduce the number of copies ordered
to be printed for the present session, yet they will
not thereby diminish the cost in the same pro-
portion. The cost of composition will be the same
whether you print one copy, five hundred, or five
thousand,
Mr. Chairman, I have had no desire, as the
committee will bear mo witness, of precluding;
debate upon this bill. The Committee of Ways
and Means were actuated by the belief that the ap-
propriation of this money was necessary to com-
ply with the contracts of the Government. We,
however, desired to put the items relating to this
subject in a bill by itself, for the purpose of calling
the attention of the country to the extravagance
of the preceding Congresses, in the hope that the
constituents of the members of the present Con-
gress will hold them to a strict accountability,
and that now, while the Government is borrowing
money, while we concede that the former Con-
gresses ordered documents to be printed which
were unnecessary, and which it would have been
expedient not to print, let us govern our course
in future m view of the experience we have derived
from the acts of the preceding Congresses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Missouri to the
disparity of the cost between the same volumes
of Commercial Relations, «s published by the
House and by the Senate. I find, for instance,
that the first volume ordered by the Senate con-
tains eight hundred and twenty-eight pages, and
cost §>2* 53 per volume; while the same volume,
ordered by the House, contains eight hundred and
twenty-eight pages, and cost $2 38 per volume.
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the inquiry of
the gentleman in one moment. The price paid to
the binder of the Senate was a little higher than
that paid to the biuder of the House. The gen-
tleman is aware that the binder of the House is
appointed, and that his compensation is regulated
by the Committee on Printing upon the part ot the
House; and that the binder of the Senate is ap-
pointed and his compensation regulated by the
Committee on Printing upon the part of the Sen-
ate. The Senate paid a little more for its binding
than the House, and this accounts for the dis-
parity to which the gentleman alludes.
