2600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
of an Administration to which 1 give ray cordial
Support, I would have felt it a peculiar and especial
duty which I owed to the State of Virginia, to the
South, and to the Democratic party and to the coun-
try, to have been first and foremost to strike him
down from a position which he would then have
dishonored. But, sir, when the testimony conclu-
sively exhibited the most absolute freedom from
official guilt—when the very Worst aspect which
his worst enemies could give to it was to call it
an official blunder, the result of inexperience,
committed within the first forty days of his ad-
ministration of that Department—I turned from
the subject as one no longer worthy to be digni-
fied as a congressional inquiry.
Mr. Speaker, this is not the first time in the
history of this country in which the official con-
duct of a Cabinet officer has been the subject of
investigation before this House. Some of the
purest and noblest statesmen who have adorned
the executive posts of this Government have been
arraigned by the malignity of their enemies be-
fore this high tribunal of justice. But this, sir,
is the first example in the history of this country,
so far as my memory reaches, where, when such
investigation has been ordered, and has resulted
in the absolute exoneration of the high officer of
the Government from all imputation upon his of-
ficial honor and dignity, that it has not afforded
pleasure to the committee charged with that duty
to announce such to be the conclusion of their
minds to the country.
The public character of our public men is a
portion of the moral wealth of the country; and
where they are free of offense, it should be our
pride to guard it with jealous care. It is true,
sir, that 110 purity of private character, and no
fidelity to public trust, can arrest that rage for
slander which marks the venal and prostituted
portion of the press of this country, and of which
we have some recent evidences. Yet, thank God,
it has never yet been found in the history of
this nation that the representatives of the people
liave failed to protect the official reputation of a
public man, though an opponent, from unjust
censure, when his conduct is made the subject of
investigation here.
When Alexander Hamilton was charged with
having defraudud that Treasury over which he
presided, and to which he gave organization and
life, although there were developed some matters
not very creditable to him as a husband and a man,
yet the committee, composed, as it was, of his po-
litical opponents, did not hesitate, when they per-
ceived that his official robes were free from all
stain, to make a prompt and cheerful annunci-
ation of the fact to the world.
When Mr. Calhoun, in 1822, was arraigned, as
Secretary of War, before this body, and charged
with having made a private contract with Charles
E. Mix, through the engineer department, for fur-
nishing stone at Point. Comfort, in violation of
the usage and public policy of the Government,
which prescribed that such contracts should alone
be made, after public advertisement, to the low-
est bidder, ana when, after full investigation,
the committee reported to the House that there
was no fraud in the transaction, however irregular
and against the usages of the Government, the
whole subject was, without discussion or debate,
laid upon the table by the House.
In 1824, when William II. Crawford, then Sec-
retary of the Treasury, was charged with official
corruption in the management of the western
banks, in connection with the duties of the fiscal
affairs of the Government, in all the turmoil and
excitement of a presidential election—himself a
candidate for the Presidency—and the committee
of this House appointed by a lival candidate for
the Presidency, whilst that committee may have
found many matters of detail not in conformity to
their own opinions of a sound and discreerftdmm-
istration of affairs, they nevertheless, upon a full
investigation of the facts, concurred in a unani-
mous report exonerating lnm from all censure, so
far as his official integrity was concerned; and
when the fact was announced to the public, the
whole country, without regard to party predilec-
tions, rejoiced at the result, as they will always
rejoice, without distinction of party, when a high
public officer is relieved from false imputations
upon his official conduct; for the public feel an
interest in the character of the public men of the
country,unless,indeed,a high officer of the Gov-
ernment has done something which dishonors his
place; and then we all feel that he should be
stricken down by the arm of the public justice of
the nation.
So, sir, as late as 1846, when- that great and
illustrious son of New England, Daniel Webster,
was charged before this body with embezzling
the secret service fund which was placed under
his control as Secretary of State, the committee
charged with that investigation, while they did
not undertake to pronounce upon the propriety
of the expenditure of that fund, yet they saw
enough to exonorate his public and official char-
acter from the base assault made upon it, and they
so promptly announced to thecountry. And when
they did so, sir, there was not a man within the
broad limits of this Republic—no, sir, not one
within the limits of the civilized world—who had
ever felt the power and influence of his mighty
intellect, who did not rejoice at .the result as a
personal triumph, as sincerely and as fully as if
he had himself been the subject of such investi-
gation and acquittal.
Such, sir, has been the character of the inves-
tigations which have been heretofore instituted
by this body, where high functionaries of the
Government have been brought before it.- The
great and substantial point of every such inquiry,
has been into the official integrity of the officer,
and whether the facts sought, if ascertained to
be true, would afford ground for impeachment.
Congress has never undertaken to supervise the
mere discretion of executive agents; this is the
first example, I apprehend, in our history, where
the attempt has been made to constitute this
House the judge of the mere details of executive
action, in the absence of all charge of official guilt
and corruption.
Now, sir, I do not mean to place the present
Secretary of War,as an historical character, upon
the same pedestal with those distinguished states-
men to whom I have just referred; yet, sir, he Is
a Cabinet officer of your Government—he is a
high public functionary of this Republic,and I as-
sert, sir, that not Alexander Hamilton, nor John
C. Calhoun, nor William H. Crawfoid, nor Dan-
iel Webster, presented a cleaner lecord, and one
more free from official guilt in the matters of their
trial before the House, than the Secretary of
War does in this investigation, and yet while
men of all parties concurred in their triumphant
vindication, there is not one word in the report
of the ma jority that announces this result, or that
seeks to shield his official honor and integrity
from the malignity of his foes. Is this just? Is
it manly? Is it honest? If lie is guilty, condemn
lnm. if innocent, lie is entitled to .-5011)01111112;
more than mere silence; ho is entitled to your
judgment of acquittal.
This is one of the fundamental points of differ-
ence between the reports of the minority and ma-
jority in this case. With the fact befoie them,
which they cannot controvert, that there is not one
fact in this entire evidence that affects or touches
the official integrity of the Secretary of War,
there is not a word in their leport that awards to
him an honorable acquittal. The minority report
responds to that accusation which was essentially
implied in the very character of this inquiry, and
announces that there is nothing to impeach his
honor or integrity.
I do not ask, and have not asked in my resolu-
tions, that this House shall pass a vote of approval
of his official conduct, i do not ask them to say
whether he acted wisely or unwisely in the sale
of tins site. I do not ask them to sanction the
mode of the sale, or the price paid for it to the
Government. I regard all those as executive de-
tails, or judicial inquiries, over which this body
has no rightful or legitimate jurisdiction. But I
do ask, in the name of justice, and of my coun-
try, that when the evidence exonerates the Secre-
tary of War from all official guilt, that you will
have the manliness to say bo.
Mr. Speaker, I differ altogether with this com-
mittee as to the powers and functions which it ar-
rogates to the House of Representatives. I con-
! cede, to the fullest extent, the power of this House
| as one branch of the Legislatuie. I concede, to
the fullest extent, the power of Congress to reg-
ulate and control executive discretion, where it is
not derived directly from the Constitution. I con-
cede, to the fullest extent, the powerof this body
to originate impeachments to be tried in the Sen-
ate; and I should not hi disposed to quarrel with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that
there might be some occasional exercise of this
right to show that such a power practically exists
in Congress. I cannot agree with this committee,
however, that this House may rightfully and prop-
erly administer legislative rebukes upon the good
or the bad judgment exercised by the Executive
in the performance of his official duties. Still less
can I concede to this House the right to declare
a sale void between a citizen of this Republic and
the authorized agents of this Government. Such
an exercise of power is a rank usurpation of the
judicial functions of the Government, and is only
relieved from features that would cause us to re-
coil and revolt at its exercise by the litter imbe-
cility and impotency of any attempt to execute
the judgment here decreed.
Sir, the powers of the three great departments
of this Government are clearly and accurately de-
fined by the Constitution, and are known to every
tyro in jurisprudence. But I do not piean to dis-
cuss these points now. I shall not enter any plea
to the jurisdiction of this House. I design to meet
the questions raised here, and to meet them upon
their broadest merits.
The chief assault which hfes been made against
the Secretary of War in this case is against the
military judgment which he exhibited in the
sale of the Fort Sneliing reserve. The French
Convention made itself supremely ridiculous in
history, by its efforts to regulate and control the
movements of the revolutionary army of that Re-
public, and this body would find itself occupying
a similar position in the eyes of the American
people if it shall undertake to regulate the de-
tails of executive action. The committee find^*
fault with Mr. Heiskell because they say, that as
he had never attained to the dignity of a third
corporal in a militia company, therefore he must
necessarily be unfit to make a sale of a piece of
land that had once been set apart for the use of
soldiers. Have these gentlemen of the committee
attained the high dignity of third corporal in the
militia, either of Vermont 01* any other State?
Yet, sir, here they are with singular inconsistency,
having no claim to military experience themselves,
having never been third corporal in a militia
company, sitting in judgment upon the act of
the Commander-in-Chief of the American Army,
done in the performance of his constitutional
function, and sustained by an array of genuine
military authority sufficient to sustain any ques-
tion upon which a controversy could arise. Still,
I do not mean to except to the competency
of these gentlemen. Neither do I mean to pro-
nounce any judgment upon the general fitness
and capacity of the Secretary of War for the
dischaige of the duties for which he lias been
! selected by the President. Let time develop
j whether the Secretary of War is, or is not fit for
i the place which he now fills. I have no judgment
to pronounce on that poftit; but this I do say, that
I whether this act was the result of a fortunate
: guess or the result of military sagacity, it stands,
according to the evidence in this record, so fully
j and conclusively vindicated, that 110 man can
question the propriety of parting with that reserve
who will take the pains to read and examine it
carefully.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
has given to some extent the history of the Fort
Snellmg reserve. It is sufficient to say that it was
originally established to defend the frontier from
Indian aggression; that it accomplished that pur-
pose up to 1851, when, by treaties, the Indian
title to forty-five thousand square miles was ex-
tinguished, and the Indians were removed to the
northern and western portion of that Territory,
since which time it has ceased to posses5? any
value as a military post. Fort Ridgely and Fort
Ripley were then established on the frontiers to
i accomplish precisely the purpose for which Fort
. Snellinghad been erected some forty years before;
j a population of from two to three hundred thou-
( sand had poured into that portion of Minnesota
| lying between Fort SnelSing and the Indian rc-
j serves; and it is now raie to see an Indian at Fort
: Snelling. The committee themselves tell us thcie
■ is a population of thirty thousand w.thm a
;; radius of six miles of the fort. As a post of de-
ji fense since 1851, Fort Snelling is as important as
II it would be to keep up a body of troops in the
|i vicinity of Wheeling orCincinnati, to protect the
