1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•mi
that the vote must be taken on the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether the substitute proposes to appropriate a
sufficient amount to pay for all the matters now
in the hands of the artists?
Mr. MORGAN. Are we to have the question
put, or is this dialogue to go on over there in a
corner?
The CM AIRMAN. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded telle/s on his
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Dean were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to know
whether, if the substitute be adopted, we can
amend the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman thinks so,
at.present.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire whether,
if the substitute of the gentleman from Georgia
be adopted, it would be in order to strike out any
part of it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not. No
part of the substitute can be stricken out.
Mr. GARNETT. Would it not be competent
for the committee to amend it by way of addi-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would in-
quire from the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] whether he agrees with my colleague
JMr. Crawford] that, if ins arpendment prevails,
It will cover all we owe tor work done or exe-
cuted? Will it relieve us from all we owe in that
matter?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, I do not agree with
him in any such thing. Suppose I contract to pur-
chase a plantation front you at so much an acre,
which is estimated to contain five hundred acres,
but which, on being surveyed, is shown to con-
tain one thousand acres, am I not bound by my
contract to pay you for the whole quantity it con-
tains ?
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move, before
the question be taken, to amend the original bill,
by striking out the sixteenth line, "to pay for
printing and lithngriipliine."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
motion to be out of order, the House being in the
act of dividing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I raise
a question of order. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Crawford] proposes to strike out all after
the ninth line of the biii. Before that question is
put, 1 have u right to amend the bill as it stands.
Most assuredly I have.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The House is dividing on the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Crawford] to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The Chair
does not seem to understand my point of order.
The motion made by my colleague was, to strike
out certain lines of the original bill. Before that
motion is put, it is in order to amend the original
matter. Does the Chair overrule my point of
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does overrule
it. The Chair is of opinion that it is not in order
now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky offeis an amendment to strike outall after
the seventh line of the bill and insert other words.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford]
proposes another amendment. The other gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] makes the
point of order, that it is in order to perfect the
original bill before the question be taken, and the
Chair ovenules the point of order. From that
decision of the Chair the gentleman [Mr. Ste-
phens] appeals. The question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?"
The question was taken; and there were, on
a division, ayes 67; noes 51.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BURNETT. With the consent of the
committee, I will accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] and
incorporate it aa a part of my amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has clearly the
right to modify his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I modify my amend-
ment as I have indicated.
Mr. HOWARD. I object, and submit that the
gentleman has not the right to modify his amend-
ment. Telleis were ordered, and the vote was be-
ing taken, and the gentleman, at this stage of the
proceedings, has certainly not the right to modify
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairdecidcs that the
gentleman cannot now modify his amendment
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that I can mod-
ify my amendment at any tune before the vote is
being taken upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the rule provides expiessly that a
member may withdraw or modify his proposition
at any time before a vote has been taken oil it.
Now, sir, no .vote has been taken upon the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky and lie
has a right to modify it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 think I have clearly that
right, and 1 shall be compelled to appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
rule read upon which ho bases his decision.
The 34th rule was read, as follows:
"34. No momltor shall occupy more than one hour in
debate mi auv qiu^no'i in tile llmw oi it) lomimttcc; but
{i mfnih:r repotting Uie mon-Jiin1 under consideration from
a committee, may open ami close th^ debate: Proculetl,
Tint wheie debate i-t clo-ed by outer oi the House, anv
member shall be allowed, in <omuniroe, five minutes to
exp'run anv amendment he may ollei, alter which any
iir-inbc! who -hall th-i obtain the flixn shall be allowed to
'-peak live m oppo-tt'oti to it, and thine t-lnll be no
finthei debute on t!u ain'mdment; but the ^ame puvdege
o.i d -bate chilli be allowed in t.ivoi ot and acsinist any
amendment that may be ofured to the amendment; and
neither the amendment not an amendment to the amend-
ment shad tie withdiawn bv the movoi thcieof, unless by
the. unanimous con>eiit of the committee."
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the rule to pre-
vent a member from withdrawing his amendment
except by unanimous consent; bat I do not pro-
pose to withdraw my amendment, but only to
modify it so as to accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Geoigui
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks othur-
, wise and ovei rules the question of order. The
| tellers will resume their places,
j Mr. COVODE. i submit that the proposition
' is a new one.
j The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
] Mr. COVODE. I rise to a point of order. A
I vote was taken and tellers were oidercd. After
I the tellers were oideied, an amendment was of-
I fered. It is now a new question.
, The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinksthegen-
j tleman is mistaken. Tiiete has been no amend-
i incnt proposed since tellers were oidered.
j Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. My
point is this: The gentleman from Kentucky
: moved to strike out a portion of the bill. Now,
j sir, I submit that before the motion can be put,
! the friends of the matter proposed to be stricken
; out must have an opportunity of perfecting it. I
! refer to the one hundred and fifth page ot Jeiler-
; son's Manual, which says:
I " In like manner, if it piopo<ed to amend by striking: out
i a paragiapli, the liierid> ot the paiamaph are fust to make
! it a- pel teet a ^ they c an, by amendment betoie the question
j is put upon htnkiiig out."
! Now my point of order is, that under that rule,
' the question cannot be put upon the motion to
; strike out until the words proposed to be stricken
| out are perfected, and then the motion to strike
- out will come up.
I Mr. SEWARD. I move the committee rise.
| The question was agreed to; there being, on
division—ayes US, noes 38.
So tiie committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. D wis, of Indiana, repoi t-
ed that the Committee; of the Whole on the suite
of the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration,and particularly the btil (H. R. No.
20*3) to appropriate money to supply deficiencies
for the paper, printing, binding, and engraving,
ordered by the Senate and Ilonse of Representa-
tives of theThtrty-Tiurd and Thirty-Fourth Con-
gresses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
HENRY KING'S HEIRS. - ' "
On motion ofMr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
Court of (.'hums tlte claim of Henry Kmg'*hfir*, nwttfiai
it be referred to the appropriate committee of the ifuuse.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BOYCE moved that when the House ad-
journs, ir adjourn to Monday next.
Mr. WARREN moved that the House adjourn
to seven o'clock in the evening.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were not ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wtight, of
Georgia, and Buffinton were appointed.
The motion was agreed to; the tellers having
reported—ayes 95, noes 67.
RESOLUTIONS OF OHIO.
Mr. HALL, of Ohio, by unanimous consent,
presented the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Ohio, relating to Kansas affairs; wh^cb
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the consent of the
House that the Committee on Public Lands be
discharged from the farther consideration of cer-
tain pnpers in relation to the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific, and that thev be referred
to the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands before the select committee was or-
ganized.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman present
this paper?
Mr. STEVENSON Yes, sir, some time ago
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask leave to introduced bill
of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the regular
order of business.
And then, on motion of Mr. WARREN, the
House (at thirty-three minutes past three o'clock
p. m.) adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 1, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Joshua Morsell.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of S. W.
Turner and A. A. Turner, praymgforcompensa-
tion for the transportation of the mails from Cleve-
land up Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public, lands may
be laid out in lots or farms and granted free of
cost to actual settlers not possessed of other lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Appleton, Wisconsin, praying Congress
to take measuies for the purchase of the Island
of Cuba and its annexation to the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign -
Relations
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Alexander
Hays, lute a lieutenant in the Army, praying to
be relieved from a disability in the settlement of
lus accounts; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Mihtary Affairs and Militia.
Pie also presented a petition of the Ohio State
Board of Agriculture, praying that a donation of
land may be made to each of the States tor the
establishment of an agricultural college therein;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. .
He also presented a paper signed by the Dem-
ocratic members of the Legislature of the State of
Ohio, recommending an increase of the salaries
of the United States judges for the districts of
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of
Elizabeth A. Middleton, praying to be allowed a
sum of money expended by her father, Captain
