1858.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
population of those two cities from the aggres-
sions of the Indians.
You have before you the'opinion "of twenty
A vmy officers, more or less distinguished for their
high intelligence and military experience, every
one of whom, without, a-solitary exception, de-
clares to you that Fort Sneliing has ceased, since
1851, to be a post useful for any of the purposes
of military defense, for which1 it was originally
established. There is not one dissenting opinion
in the wholerecord—notone. This, then,disposes
of that aspect of the question. But a new idea
has been suggested, as to the purposes for which
that property might stiii be used; that having
ceased to be valuable for any of the purposes of
military defense, it might still be convenient to
appropriate it as a depot, or place of storage, from
whence clothing; and subsistence stores might be
forwarded by Government transportation to the
frontier posts of Ridgely and Ripley; and it is
alone in reference to this la'ttcruse that there has
been expressed any diversity of opinion among
the officers of the Army. The whole controversy,
therefore, has been reduced to the simple inquiry:
what is the most efficient and economical mode of
furnishing supplies to those two frontier posts ?
Now, sir, this idea of converting an old aban-
doned military site into a commercial storehouse,
into a great Government depot, where wagons,
oxen, mules, horses, and employes are to be kept
up at the expense of the national Treasury, and at
a cost, as General Jtisup tells us, of indefinite thou-
sands of dollars, for the purpose of competing
with God and man, with steamboat and river nav-
igation, in the supply of two small frontier forts
with clothing and subsistence stores, is one of the
most obsolete conceptions that ever entered into the
head of a sensible man. It belongs to the worst
fogy ism of the retired list of the Army. You com-
plain of the enormous and increasing expenditures
in the quartermaster's department. Never open
your lipsagain m complaint, ifyou can censure the
Secretary of "War for exploding a fallacy and an
absurdity so rank as this. The State of Minnesota
is abundantly supplied with all the meansand fa-
cilities of transportation. The rivers in that State
are alive with steamboats. The best commission
houses are to be seen in St. Paul, with competition
to reduce all prices to aieasonabie standard. There
are no means of transportation which aie not to
be found m Minnesota, for all needful purposes,
to as great an extent as in any other State of the
Union. And yet, in the face of these admitted
facts, it is contended that we must keep up an ex-
pensive Government establishment there, involv-
ing a large capita) and at a heavy annual cost, to
fot ward supplies, for the transportation of which,
one small steamboat, once a year, would be ad-
equate.
But the committee who made this report seems
to treat this as an exclusively military question;
as one wrapped up in all the mysu ry of profes-
sional learning, on which no man is authorized
to have or express an opinion except he has
epaulets on his shoulders. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, this is no military question at all. It is
an ordinary commercial question. It is a sim-
ple question of economy of transportation. It is
simply wlnther subsistence and provisions cjn
be more cheaply carried on Government mules
or in Government wagons from Fori duelling
to Fort Ridgely, or whether they can b<- more ;
cheaply transported by steamboats from St. Paul
to Foit Ividgcly. Sir, there is an absurdity m
calling this a military question, or in attaching
this sort of professional mystery to it. Any man ■
of common sense, acquainted with the couise of •
business in the country, is as competent to decide
questions of this kind as Wmfield Scott, or Na-
poleon L>onapaite, if lie were alive and on the spot.
Military stores, it is b-ue, are the subject of trans- .
portatnm; bur the point to be solved is not sum- j
egy, but cheapness. They might as well call a
steamboat, a military steamboat because it carries
bacon and floor to the soldiers at Fort Ridgely.
Y"u might, with as much propriety, call Penri- ;
svlvann avenue a military road, because a regi-
ment of soldiers occasionally march over it, as to
telk about thin bemc: a grave military question,
because military stores are the subject of trans-
portation. It is a mere question ot economy ot .
transportation. Is it cheaper, is it moie econom-
ical, to transport supplies by means specially pro- ,
vided by Government, or by those usual and '
ordinary facilities furnished by the advantages of
a cheap navigation and the enterprise of private
citizens? The ridicule which they have sought to
cast upon Mr. Heiskell, because, as a plain citizen,
of vigorous common sense, and not having at-
tained a higher grade than third corporal in a Vir-
ginia company, he has presumed to have his opin-
ion oil this subject, will fall harmless at his feet,
or take wings and return to light upon their own
shoulders.
But, if this is a military auestion, determinable
only by military authority, letus see howit stands
on the testimony of the officers of the Army. The
majority of the committee say there are several pro-
fessional experts on whose testimony they rely.
I cannot concede them quite so many. There are
but three officers whose opinions are worth refer-
ring to, who have taken what I regard strongand
decided opinions in favor of the retention of this
fort as a depot. The first is Colonel Thomas, an
assistantquartcrmaster general of the Army; and,
pray, sir, upon what ground does he justify his
opinion? Whilst lie admits that transportation
can be readily furnished from St. Paul, by the
citizens of that place, he proceeds to say that there
are two modes of supply—one by our own teams
and trains, and the other by citizens:
" As a military man, I would not wish to thiow myself
into t^e hands of citizens; for in an emergency they will
combine against you. At first you might get supplies from
citizen* at a icaeonable laie: hut the moment you break
your own supply trains they will combine against you."
And is it by slanders of this kind—slanders
upon the patriotism and public spirit of our peo-
ple—that this obsolete, fogy policy of keeping up
expensive Government establishments is to be
justified and defended?
But I have not time to proceed with the just
criticism which I might make upon the opinions,
and leasons for their opinions, given by Captain
Thoin, Major Martin, General Churchill and
Captain Simpson. I pass them by to grapple with
all those weightier names, whose authority has
been so freely invoked by the committee. Gen-
eral Scott, in all his testimony, uses no stronger
language than that Fort Sneliing may be of some
convenience to the troops on the frontier. It re-
mains of some little utility as a depot of storage.
It would have been inconvenient to have aban-
doned it la«i summer. This is the usual lan-
guage in which he speaks of it. Geneial Jesup
thinks supplies could be forwarded as cheaply by
puvate enterprise as by Government means, but
not ^o certainly. He admits that he may be
biased in favor of the retention of Fort Sneliing,
by the fact that it was selected originally by Mr.
Calhoun, upon his report. He states that he has
found no difficulty heretofore in obtaining in that
country the means of transportation. Thatmuch
of the value of Foi t Sneliing as a depot has been
lemoved by the rapid settlement on the frontier;
that the supplies could now be placed at St Paul,
the head of navigation, and taken up from there
to Fort Ridgely by the river or by land.
Now, what is the evidence on the other side ?
You have, first, the opinion of Geneial Persifer
Smith, the commandant of the military division
in which Fort Sneliing is situated, and you have
his clear, logical, and conclusive reasoning on the
subject, lie &hows that the site fulfills none of the
conditions requisite foi a point of supply- You
have the opuuon of Colonel Fiancis Lee, who,
by the transfer to Utah, and death of General
Smith., is now in command of the same military
deoai tment, and who was four years in command
of that post. You have the opinion of Major
Eastman, who was for nine years also stationed
there. You have the opinion of Captain YViut-
a!i, who was two years at that post; and of Lieu-
tenant Drum, a most intelligent young officer, who
has been, for some six or seven jeats, stationed
in that depaitment, all concurring in its utter in-
utility as a depot of supply.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are facts in this case
which aie sfionger than even the opinions of the ;
ablest military minds, to which lean only briefly I
advert. The very location of Fort Sneliing unfits j
it for a depot. In the ordinary stages of water j
the river is not navigable for large boats above I
St. Paul; and in the fail and winter access to it by :
the river is frequently cut off by the running ice, !
requiring a ciiouit of eighteen miles to reach it. !
It is situattd on a high bluff—some two hundred j
feet high—no high that aiuntelhgent officer of the j
Army^has said, in the course rif his testimony,
that he would rather, in an ordinary stage of
water, take provisions from St. Paul" to Fort
Ridgley—one* hundred and thirty mites —-th&i
have them removed up the high hill to the ware-
houses at Fort Sneliing. You have another fact;
and that is, that it was not used for any such pur-
pose. Colonel Lee, who was in command of the
fort from 1851 to 1854, tells you that such an idea
was never thought of as" the use of Port SneiJing
as a depot; that the stores were all purchased eft
St. Paul, or elsewhere, and sent direct to the re-
spective forts, and never deposited at Port Sne#-
ing, to be thence forwarded. Then you have the
fact, in the testimony of General Jesup, that a
responsible citizen in the West has made a prop-
osition to the War Department, in which he has
expressed his readiness to transport all these
stores to the frontier posts at one half what it has
cost the Government; and the Quartermaster Gen-
eral says he means to hold him to the offer.
Now, sir, in the face of these opinions from some
of the ablest military men in the country, and in
the face of the clear and incontrovertible facts to
which I have referred, the select committee an-
nounce the following as the conclusion of their
minds:
" The committee has come to the conclusion of the im-
portance of Poit Sneliing, tor military purposes, up to the
present time, and for some time to come, on the official
opinion?, clear and concurrent, of those having the frontier
defense, as a system, in charge, and who, besides having a
personal knowledge of the po*t, are, from superior position
and a knowledge of the requirements of the service, best
able, and only able, to give a reliable opinion of its local and
general advantages.
"By relying on such superior means of information and
judgment only, the committee has been compelled to reject
some subordinate and unprofessional opinions as of no value
whatever."
j Subordinate and unprofessional opinions ! Is
; this the language in which the opinions of Gen-
| oral Persifor Smith, Colonel Lee, Major Eastman,
I Captain Whitall, and Lieutenant Drum are to be
| characterized? Who could have a better personal
| and official kno weldge of the value of that post than
I officers who had resided for years at the post, and
who stood in direct and immediate official con-
: nection with the spot?
j So far the case rests upon the testimony as it
, stood before the report of the committee. But
i impoitant evidence has accumulated since. Du-
i ring the latter part of April and early in May, a
i board, composed of the ablest and most experi-
i enced officers of the Army, met upon the spot,
; and, after a careful examination of the whole
i ground of inquiry, presented their report.
I have no hesitation in saying that, had 1
been consulted by the Secretary of War, I never
would have advised him to have convened that
board of officers. I would have been content to
let the case rest as it stood upon the testimony
before the committee, which sufficiently vindi-
cates his military sagacity. Yet,"sir, 1 cannot
censure the Secretary of War for choosing to sup-
port his military judgment before the country by
a piece of testimony so conclusive as this. A com-
mittee of i^iis House, whether composed of third
corporals or not, 1 cannot say, but still a commit-
tee of this body, had brought in a report condemn-
ing the military judgment of that high officer.
Now, sir, the military judgment of the Secretary
of War, so long as he presides over that Depart-
ment, is as important and as valuable to him and
to tin* country as the prestige of military judg-
ment is to the commander-in-chief of an army in
the field. And no one, surely, can censure a faith-
ful and conscientious officer, under these circum-
stances, in seeking to have that military judgment
fairly and properly sustained before the American
people. He was no party to these inquiries that
were prosecuted before the select committee. So
for as he was concerncd, they were all ex parte.
Was he summoned, sir, before Chat committee?
Was he interrogated as to the grounds and rea-
sons of his opinion and action ? Was he even ad-
vised of their proceedings? Was he called upon
for a defense? Was he even asked to turnish a
list of witnesses to appear before the committee ?
No, sir. Upon the motion of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] the whole matter was
placed under the seal of secrecy and confidence.
The Secretary of War was indirectly assailed by
the committee; his military sagacity and fitness
for his place were questioned \ not his honor nor
his integrity* for they could not find, in all the
