THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June 1,
testimony, one hint nor one suggestion to impugn
either his aom«- or integrity; but his military
judgment was assailed. Was it not, then, justi-
fiable in foitn, under these.circumstances,as there
happened to be a very able body of officers col-
lected in that western country, to constitute them
aboard to examine this site, and to report to the
country whether it was or was not important,
either as a point of defense or a point of supply?
Now, who composed this board? General Har-
ney, Colonel Johnston, Major Macrae, Major
Chapman, Major Sherman, Captain Humphreys,
and Captain Pleasanton.. Most of these officers
are known to the country.
I had a conversation upon this subject, a few
days ago, with the late Secretary of War, the
Hon. Jefferson Davis, whose authority has been
most unfairly invoked here in opposition to the
action of the present Secretary of War, as I could
satisfactorily show if I had time; and when I
stated to him the names of the officers who com-
posed this board, he said to me, " Sir, it is a most
able board; there is one single man upon it, Cap-
tain Humphreys, whose single opinion, if my
own judgment had been the other way, would be
sufficient to make me reconsider my views, such
is my confidence in his knowledge, his integrity,
his capacity, his power of judging what is and
what is not demanded in that particular by the
interests of the country." I asked him if I might
be at liberty to repeat the substance of his re-
marks before the House, in the discussion of this
question, and he told me that I could. Now, what
do these able and experienced officers say ? I can
only quote an extract from its conclusion:
" The resourcosof Minnesota are sufficient to moet all the
demands which the Government will ever be called upon
to make in that quarter for the transportation 01'troops and
supplier at very reasonable cost.
44 The board is satisfied that the town of Sr. Paul, being
the head ot ordinary navigation on the Mi.^R-ippi, would
be the most suitable point of deposit and transhipment for
the posts on the frontier to the not th and west. By estab-
lishing a depot of supplies at Foit knelling, the exprn-e of
an additional shipment would often be iticuired, to say
nothing of other material disadvantages ausing lrorn it< lo-
cality. that will involve a loss ot time ami addmonal expense.
The cost of maintaining a depot at Fort Snelling mil be al
least five times as great as the expense of forwarding supplies
through St. Paul to the frontier. The duties of the sutnist-
erice and quartermasters department, m the icceivins?, pur-
chasing, and forwatdnu? supplies, being mostly ol' a com-
mercial character, the experience of seivice has proved it
more expedient to use the business moiline* ot commercial
places for these pm poses than to establu-h depots at military
stations in then vicinity.
"The board respoctiully suggest the entire abandonment
of Fun Siielliug, both <i> a inilit-nv .-station and depot, and
thi; establishment of an at'enev at St. Pnul to foiuard the
neeessniy supplier to the po-ts on the t'rontiei by means of
piivate transportation. Tins method ol supply bv pnvate
tian^portiition, wht<*h \va.-' used here tor Kcveial yt-ais,
proved to he the moM economical to the (Joveinmenr. and
H the mode by whieh the <juai tennaMei's derailment sup
ply, geueiallj, the numerous pu,\i* oubhshed on the whole
of our e3kte)iMv<; fionttrr
ii The hoard i-? unanimous m the opinion expressed in
these proceedings."
Here is this board of officers, who proclaim to
you, and to the country, the precise idea upon
which the Secretary of War has acted, that to
maintain Fort Snelling as a depot of sijpply would
cost the Government Ave times as much as an
agency established at St. Paul.
The gentleman from Vermont has made some
allusions to certain memorials from the people of
Minnesota, which were presented here a few days
ago by me because the Representatives of that
State had not then been admitted to their seats.
Those petitions disclose a most temarkablo state
of facts. In most portions of the country a great
popular demand is made for the establishment of
these military posts; and that demand has led to
the vice which tao universally prevails in our
military system, of having numerous posts scat-
tered over tile country. But what do we see here?
In 1855, the Legislature of Minnesota petitioned
Congress and the Secretary of War to sell Port
Snelling, as being useless to the Government for
any purpose, either of defense or supply. In
1857, the constitutional convention of Minnesota
petitioned the Secretary of War—with the name,
1 believe, of every member appended—urging
liim to sell Fort Snelling. And now, m 1858,
petitions to the same elfect come here, with three
hundred and sixty-six signatures to them—not
signed,as the gentleman fiom Vermont has said,
by a few Federal officeholders, hut signed by the
bone and smew of the country—by the Governor,
the judges, attorney general, merchants, farmers,
, land agents, and men of eve.ry pursuit
in life—of men that give character, dignity, and
respectability to the community in which they
live. But I shall leave the defense of their own
constituents to the able Representatives of Min-
nesota. They know these signers, and can testify
that they are entitled to all the weight that I claim
for their opinions. These memorialists say that
Fort Snelling is not only no longer useful for any
military purpose, but they go on further, and say
that they believe it has been sold for its full value,-
orbeyondit. Here is the judgment of the vicinage
—the declaration of hundreds residing almost in
sight of the reservation, testifying to the honesty
and fairness of the sale, and declaring their full
approval of the action of the Secretary of War.
Mr. Speaker, I must take time to make a word
of comment upon an expression made use of by
the gentleman from Vermont, which, in my judg-
ment, perfectly illustrates the spirit that has actu-
ated this whole proceeding from beginning to end.
From what part of the evidence did the gentleman
from Vermont get this term which he applies to
these gentlemen when he speaks of them as the
Virginia and New York Company ?
Mr. MORRILL. Docs the gentleman wish
an answer ?
Mr. FAULICNER. Yes, sir, I do.
Mr. MORRILL. The testimony of Dr. Gra-
ham speaks of a New York company; and from
the fact that Dr. Graham was a Virginian, I
thought I was justified in applying the term
which I used.
Mr. FAULKNER. Justified by what?
Mr. MORRILL. Justified by the testimony
of Dr. Graham himself. As he was also a mem-
ber of the company which he speaks of as the
New York Company, I thought I was justified in
calling it the Virginia and New York Company.
Mr. FAULKNER. Sir, it is a sheer interpo-
lation. The gentleman was not justified in the
use of any such term. But, sic, it is character-
istic of the spirit which animates this whole pro-
ceeding. It was to excite prejudice against the
Secretary of War, who is from Virginia. Ap-
peals are thus made to the prejudices of the coun-
try, instead of addressing its justice and reason.
The committee have icbuked the Secretary of
War for appointing incompetent agents of sale;
and they ask you to adopt a resolution declaring
them to be incompetent, unqualified, and inex-
perienced. And who are these agents?
Major Eastman, of the Army, who has been
for thirty years in the military service of the coun-
try, and who, for nine years, was stationed at
Foit Snelling—an officer of intelligence, of unim-
pefiched honor, and of hiirh character. Who was
the other commissioner of sale? William Kin£
Heiskell—a phrfn Virginia farmer, I admit—one
who had no previous experience in the sale of
public property, but a man of greatslirewdness, of
keen observation, and of unbending fidelity to the
trust reposed in him. When Senator Rick found
some fault with his conduct as one of the commis-
sioners of sale, I asked him whether he censured
his conduct for a want of zeal or for an excessive
zeal for the interestof the Government. He replied
that he found fault with him for the excess of zeal
which ho manifested for the interest of the Gov-
ernment. Such is honest William Ii. Heiskell.
He is a frank, outspoken niau; and, in his blunt-
ncss and honesty, says many things that a more
discreet and cautious witness would reserve to
himself, it was remarked of Charles II. of Eng-
land, that he never said a foolish thing, and never
did a wise one. Mr. Heiskell is one of those
men of opposite character—he may sometimes
say a foolish thing, but, I believe, rarely does an
unwise one. Let the manner in which he executed
the trust reposed in him decide the question of
his competency. Judge him not by the portrait-
ure made of him by the select committee. I un-
dertake to say that, from the foundation of the
Government to the present time, no land belong-
ing to the Government has sold for a better price,
m proportion to its value, nor has any land sold
for as much, with the exception of a small res-
ervation located in theheartofthecityofChicago.
I should like to notice some of the comments of
the committee upon his evidence, but time will not
permit.
Now, sir, I desire to say something upon the
mode in which tins property was sold. I have al-
ready, in my report, stated in very distinct terms
my repugnance to all sales of Government prop-
erty at private sale. I need not repeat my views.
They are founded upon general considerations of
policy, and not because experience has shown
that public sales of Government lands have been
beneficial to the Treasury. The reverse has been
the case.
Still, no l{tw has been violated by this mode of
disposing of this reserve. The law of Congress
authorizes a private sale; and the evidence shows
a condition of things in which the exercise of this
discretion may well be pardoned under the cir-
cumstances. I reject the case as a precedent, and
judge it only on its special circumstances.
The committee has fallen into a very grave
error in their reasoning on this subject. They eon-
tend that whilst the law of 1819 and 1857 gave
full authority to the Secretary of War to sell when
a site was useless, still that in executing the sale
he should conform to those general provisions of
law which regulate our land policy, by dividing it
into small sections and selling it at public auction.
Sir, I see no warrant for this opinion (in any
fair construction of the law. A very marked di-
versity of policy has, from the commencement of
our Government, characterized the legislation of
Congress in reference to the great mass of the
public domain and the reserves severed from it.
The first has already been required to be sold at
public auction; the disposition of the latter has
been left discretionary with the Secretary of
War to sell as he may think will best promote the
interests of the Government. I have before me
an opinion of Judge McLean, that, to my mind,
is perfectly satisfactory on this point. It accords
with the uniform construction given to this stat-
ute, from its passage. I will read an extract from
it. After citing the act of 1819, and especially that
portion of it which provides " that the Secretary
of War>is hereby authorized, on the payment of
the consideration agreed for, into the Treasury of
the United States," to execute a deed, &c.:
" This law (continues the judge) was not intended to
be a general regulation; but authorized the sale of mili-
tary reserves, which, at that time, had become useless. It
changed the settled mode of selling public lands, as it author-
ized the Secretary to sell for a price agreed on, winch pre-
cludes, or, at loas-t, renders unnecessary, a sale by public auc-
tion, as the general law for the sale of the public lands
required. This consideration, as well as the purport of the
section, showed that it was not «i general regulation, but
was intended to operate upon military reservations, which
then existed and which were unnecessaiy."-— McLean's
Reports, vol. 6, page 5*26.
This decision seems to answer all the objections
which I have heard urged againstthe details of
this sale—so far, I mean, as its mere legality is
concerned 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I was not one of the commit-
tee to which the subject of this transaction was
originally referred; but being one of the body to
which they have brought back their report and
the evidence which sustains it, I have felt it my
duty to submit some of the views which will con-
trol my vote upon this subject.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman to give
me the floor for a minute. I wish to know of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, whether
it is their intention to press this subject to a vote
to-day ?
Several Members. No.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I would suggest that
we agree to take the vote to-morrow at twelve
o'clock,and let the debate go on to-night as long
as gentlemen may see fit to speak.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to know if it is the
intention of the gentleman that this debate shall
continue to-morrow until twelve o'clock ?
Mr. BURNETT. That was my proposition.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I shall object, and hope
the vote will be taken to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. Then let the debate go on
this evening, and the vote be taken to-morrow,
without debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I would suggest that it be
the understanding that the previous question shall
be seconded to-night, but that the vote shall not
be taken till twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry about this arrangement; whether it is
to be the understanding that there be nothing else
done to-day, and that this discussion £0 on ?
Mr. BURNET T. My proposition is this: that
this discussion shall go on to-night, with the un-
derstanding that the previous question shall be
