1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
admitted into the Union has not been considered.
That is a complaint against the Government of
the United States which it is proper for that com-
mittee to examine. 1 therefore think it would be
ynuch wiser and better to refer this petition to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. BIGLER. When I called for the reading
of this paper, I intimated that after its reading it
should be committed, and I intended to make that
motion; but having heard the extraordinary sen-
timents which it contains, and the .offensive lan-
guage in which those sentiments are expressed,
broad accusations against two sovereign States,
and the individual citizens of those States, accus-
ing them of crimes the most offensive and horrible,
attributing to the United States Government and
the people of the United States, injustice of pur-
pose and oppression, I felt like concurring in the
proposition of the Senator from California, and I
shall most certainly go for that motion, if it is to
signify the sense of the Senate, as intimated by
the Senator from Illinois. If that is to be the in-
terpretation of the vote which we are about to give,
then I shall vote for the motion of the Senator
from California; and in so doing I give a vote of
contempt for s&ntiments that are offensive to the
peopleand to the Government of theUnited States,
and for the menace which this paper makes. I
think we ought to adopt the motion of the Sena-
tor from California, and lay this paper on the ta-
ble as not such a one as ought to be referred to a
committee and considered seriously,
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word more, and in re-
ply to the Senator from New York 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I believe the motion is to lay on the
table, and that is not debatable. I will not make
the question of order on the Senator from Illinois
now, but I give notice to the next gentleman who
commences to speak on this subject after him,
that I will interpose so as to stop this discus-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not going to argue the
Suestion, but simply to state a fact, f understand
lat the President has deemed it wise and pru-
dent, under the circumstances, to send a commis-
sion to Salt Lake to confer and report upon the
state of things there. If that be the case, I should
not deem it proper for the committee to report
here until we heard from that commission; and I
think, therefore, it would not be wise to refer this
matter to a committee, (because a reference implies
a report,)until we hear from thatcommission; and
then we shall know what views the Administra-
tion have upon the subject; and those views will
be founded upon official information. The ap-
pointment of a commission implies that they are
not satisfied with the rumors and character of the
information we now have upon the subject. That
implication is conclusive; otherwise, they would
not have sent for further information. They have
sent men of distinction and national reputation to
inquire, perhaps to negotiate, at least to report
on tin; facts. I should think, therefore, it would
be .proper to lay this paper on the table, and not
| g J* 11
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senator from Illinois that this
is a privileged motion, and debate is out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very glad it is, as I
have said all that I intended to say.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they-were ordered. •
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand the Chair
to say that this is not subject to debate; but I wish
to make a single observation. I have not heard
this paper read, but I think it would be best to
pursue the usual course. It is for our interest, not
theirs, that I would prefer to have the matter re-
ferred.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not hear the memorial,
and must excuse myself from voting.
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays 17;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, AUpti, Bayard, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Collamur, Doohtile, Douglas, Pitch, Fitzpat-
rick, Foot, Green, Gvvm, Hammond,Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, MaUory, Mason, Polk,
Pu h, Sebastian, Glutei!, Ftuurt, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs., Trumbull, and Wnght—Ifii.
NAY'S—Mesais. Be]), Broderick,Chandler, Clark, Crit-
tenden, Di.\on, Fessenden. Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Hailart,
King, Seward, Simmons, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—17.
So the paper was ordered to lie on the table.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. YULEE. On the 25th of January Hst,
the Secretary of War sent to the Senate a com-
munication, transmitting estimates for the pay of
volunteers serving in Florida, during; the present
fiscal year. The communication should have been
sent to the Committee on Finance, but it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
move that the Military Committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom were referred the papers rela-
ting to the claim of Daniel S. Ryan and Benjamin
C. Wyley, administrators of R. D. Rowland and
of James M. Crook, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Richard D. Row-
land, deceased. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr, KING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Al-
exander Miller, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia, to whom
was referred the resolution of the Senate directing
an inquiry into the expediency of abolishing the
military asylum near Washington city, and of
providing some other means of support for the in-
mates, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it beieferred to the select
committee on the military asylum; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom were referied the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Jersey relative to the erection
of a custom-house and post office at Trenton, and
a resolution of the Legislature of iowa respecting
a mai ine hospital, custom-house, and post office at
Muscatme, in Iowa, asked to be discharged from
their further consideidtion; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (R. II. No.
208) for the benefit of the captois of the British
brig Caledonia, m the war of 181:2, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Cruickshank and others, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S JNo.iiGU) for the
relief of William Cruickshank, J. S. Black, Cal-
houn Benham, and Frederick A. Sawyer, of San
Francisco. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of Michael Nash, reported a bill (S. No.
26i) for the relief of Michael Nash, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the resolu-
tion passed by the House of Representatives fix-
ing the day fur the adjournment of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution of the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of' the-House of Xlepie&enta-
tives declare their respective Houses adjourned die on
the fir?t Monday of June novt, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move its adoption.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that this resolution had better
lie over a while, until we see what progress we
make in the public business, and see whether we
shall be able to get through with the appropria-
tion bills by that time. I think that probably by
next week we shall be able to form some judg-
ment as to whether we can adjourn at so early a
day. I, for one, should be unwilling to act now.
I am as anxious to get away as the Senator from
Georgia can be; but I think we are not able to
decide it at the present.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think the reasons
of my friend from Virginia are sufficient. The
resolution gives Congress more than six weeks
longer. The appropriation bills are all here.
We can do the business as easily within six
weeks as six months. We rarely address our-
selves to the task of selecting the*business that
ought to pass until we fix the day of adjournment.
I think the resolution allows ample time. I see
no difficulty in the state of the public business;
I do not think the gentleman can point out any.
I believe, too, that the public are right in their
expectations that this Congress was, at least, to
relieve the public after passing the new compen-
sation law, by adjourning at an early day, and
getting through with a large portion of the busi-
ness of the country at a seasonable time. We -
have nothing to do but to pass the appropriation
bills, and settle a few other questions of internal
policy. The Pacific railroad bill is before us, and
we were near taking a vote on it yesterday ;_.we
can take it in a few days. I know of no public
business which this branch of Congress cannot
dispose of in six weeks, as well as in six months.
Mr. HUNTER. There are very few of the
appropriation bills yetacted*on in the Senate, and
there are several of the most important to be acted
on in the other House. I think we shall be bet-
ter able to judge of this matter after the Kansas
question shall be disposed of, and I suppose it
will be settled within the week.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What else have you to do?
Mr. HUNTER. We have only acted here on
two or three of the most unimportant of the gen-
eral appropriation bills that they have sent us.
The Indian bill we have received, and one branch
of the old civil and diplomatic bill. That now is
sent in three separate bills. We have had only
the first, which I shall ask the Senate to take up
to-day. We have not had the general bills ap-
propriating for the Army or Navy. All these
bills are behind us yet.
Mr. IVERSON. I cannot,myself, consent to
vote for this resolution to adjourn on the 7th of
June, and I will proceed very briefly to give the
reasons why I am opposed to it. I do not believe
that the two Houses can perform the ordinary
amount of public business within the time pre-
scribed; and if we adjourn on the 7th of June, we
shall adjourn with a very large amount of neces-
sary and important public business undone.
Now, sir, the ordinary time of adjournment
heretofore, at the long session, has been in Au-
gust or September. I believe at no session within
the last six or eight years has Congress adjourned
before August. Two years ago, we adjourned on
the 14th of August, and the sessions have run
into September. If we adjourn in the beginning
of June* two months before the ordinary period
of adjournment, and leave much public business
untransacted, as must necessarily be left, we shall
get the imputation, and deservedly, in my opin-
ion, from ail parts of the United States, of ad-
journing at an early day because we have salaries
for our services, and not daily pay. I am not
willing to subject myself, or the Senate, or the
House of Representatives, to any such imputa-
tion. The imputation will be that members of
Congress, receiving salaries, and desiring to aban-
don public business, adjourned at an early day;
and I think there will be some cause for this im-
putation. At any rate, I am willing to sit here
longer, even at an expense of time and money,
rather than be subjected to any such imputation.
I think it is the duty of Congress to sit until the
public business is disposed of.
Now, sir, look at the appropriation bills. As
the Senator from Virginia has said, there is not a
solitary important appropriation bill that has yet
received the action of the House of Represent-
atives. The Army bill, the Navy bill, the civil
and diplomatic bills, and the omnibus bill, have
none of them as yet received the action of the
House of Representatives. They have to go
through that body, and come here, and we know
that the cacoethes loquendi exists in this body to
such an extent, without any rules to cut it off,
that from that cause alone you will not get through
business as early as my colleague anticipates. It
is ail a mistake, if you sat here eight or ten hours
a day, and sat every day in the week, probably
you might transact most of the business; but is
it expected that Senators will do that? Are you
going to work yourselves like pack-horses in or-
der to get through by the 1st of June? No, sir;
it Abetter to do business decently, leisurely, and
