1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
in order, and take a liitle more time. I will move
an amendment to the resolution, if it is to be
pressed now, to strike out "June," and insert
"July."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the special
order.- , . , ,
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the special order
will not be postponed.
Mr. HALE. I understand that this is a privi-
leged question.
Mr. BRODERICK. My colleague is not 111
his seat. He will be here in a few.moments.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to those who called
up the resolution, to postpone its consideration to
Monday next; because some will vote against it
if you act now, who might vot.e with you on Mon-
day next.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot see any reason for
a postponement. Gentlemen must vote as they
think proper. In my opinion, it is very proper
to pass the resolution; 1 think the public interest
demands it. I am. perfectly willing to take the
vote myself; of course, Senators will vote as they
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn is .always a privileged question; but
the Chair has doubts whether a motion to fix the
day of adjournment is a privileged question.
Mr. HALE. Then I move to postpone all pre-
vious orders, for the purpose of disposing of this
resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose this takes prece-
dence over any special order, being a question of
privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks a motion to fix the day of adjournment is
not a privileged question.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior or-
ders, for the purpose of continuing this matter.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this question until half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire how the Sen-
ator from California had the floor? 1 was recog-
nized; the Chair interrupted me, but I had not
yielded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. My motion is to postpone all
previous orders, for the purpose of disposing of
tins resolution.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. liiggs Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Clay,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Doualas, Duiki't',
Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Fostei, Hale, Ijhnnhn,
Hatlan, Houston. Johnson of" Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Jones, King, Polk, Fu h. Sebastian, Simmons,  h-
dell, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull,
and Wade—34. .
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Hell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brodmck, Brown, Gwm, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Sew-
ard, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—15.
So the motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
is now before the Senate.
Mr. BRODERICK. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to strike out" June,"
and insert" July."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Geor-
gia will not propose to change the day; we do not
know that we shall need be here until July. I
hope we may get away in June, but I fear we shall
not be able to do so. I shall not vote to tie the
hands of the Senate, and therefore I shall vote
against the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The question
now is on the passage of the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it does not
pass it is disposed of finally.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the end of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then we are in
this condition: we must either take the day fixed
by the House of Representatives, or have 110 res-
olution pending to actupon at all. ["Yes."] I
am for adjourning some time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Broderick,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Clay, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee,Evans, t'essenden, Fitch,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King,
Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Slidell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—
39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bright,Brown,Gwin, Hun-
ter, Iverson, Kennedy, Mallory, Wilson, Wriglit, and Yulee
—12.
So the resolution was concurred in.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill. We had the
bill under consideration last week, and we ought
to conclude it. I think it will not take all day. I
move to postpone all prior orders for that purpose.
Mr. GWIN. That bill was passed to a third
reading, and it can be taken up in the morning
hour to-morrow morning. The Pacific railroad
bill has been postponed from day to day. The
Senator knows perfectly well that his appropria-
tion bill is not pressing, and he can pass it in the
morning hour any day.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Simmons] had it laid over, and his
purpose is to offer an amendment.
Mr. GWIN. He is not in his seat.
Mr. HUNTER. He is here in the Senate. _
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will let us go on with the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate has just agreed
to adjourn in June, and we certainly cannot do it
unless we go on with the appropriation bills. I
must move"to take it up. I shall hurry it through
as fast as I can.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia has no idea of interfering with the Pacific
railroad bill. That ought to be disposed of. 1
call for the yeas and nays on his motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit the motion to post-
pone all prior orders, and take up the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the consideration
of the Pacific railroad bill will not be postponed.
It has been before the Senate some half a dozen
times within the last two weeks. It appears that
it is to be disposed of in this way in a minute; it
takes no time at all to dispose of it. If it i3 the
intention of the Senate to vote it down, they had
better signify their wish by meetingit at onceand
disposing of the question. I consider it a very
important measure—the most important ever in-
troduced into this Chamber. If the Senate see fit
to cast it off from day to day to take up a bill for
paying our consuls abroad, they can do it if there
is a majority on the floor for it; but I hope, if
this bill is to be considered at all, it will be con-
sidered to-day, for it is one of vital importance to
the people of California. But, sir, there appears
to be a disposition to treat this bill with no se-
riousness at all. I hope my colleague will insist
on the consideration of his bill to-day.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wishto make
a remark as to the ground of the vote I am going
to give. So far as the appropriation bills are con-
cerned, they always get through Congress. I never
knew one to fail. They will get through some
how or other. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance 1 know, has great solicitude for the
appropriation bills, and has the public interests
much at heart. I will go with him as far as any-
hody in expediting and pushing his bills forwatd;
but my little experience in deliberative bodies
satisfies me that the fastest and best way to get
along with the public business is to take it^in the
order in which it conies. Here is the Pacificrail-
road bill; let us take it up and dispose of it. Here
are other special orders; let us take them up and
dispose of them. I have been anxiously waiting
from day to day hoping that tilings would pro-
gress in their proper order so that we might rcach
what I conceive to be the most important measuie
of this or any other session of Congress, that is
the homestead bill. I am in hopes we shall go
on regularly and take up the business as it stands
on the Calendar, and then we shall advance much
more rapidly, and I think much more satisfacto-
rily to the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the form of the
motion before the Senate? , . J.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. .To postpone
all previous orders, and take up the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 29; as follo.ws:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs;Clay, Collamer.,
Dixon.Evans, Fepsenden, Fitzpatrick,Green, Sale, Ham-
lin, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Johnsonof Arkansas,
Kennedy, King. Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, Wade,-and
Yulee—S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bisler, Bright, Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, Clark, Crittenden, Doolittle, Douglas, Fitch, Foot,
Foster, Gwm, Harlan, tver on, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jonest, Mallory, Polk, Pn«h, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,
Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is now before the Senate, being the bill (S.
No 65) to authorize the President of the United
States to contract for the transportation of the
mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, Army
and Navy supplies, and all other Government ser-
vice by railroad from the Missouri river'to San
Francisco, in the State of California.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the bill in
the tenth section, sixteenth line, by inserting after
the word " yard" these words: " or such other
track as the President shall decide to be equiva-
lent thereto in strength and security," so that the
clause will read:
• With rails of the best quality weighini; not less than
seventy-five pounds to the yaid, or such other track as the
President -ball decide to be equivalent thereto in strength
and security.
Mr. GREEN. I rise for the purpose of making
an inquiry ofthe Presiding Officer. This amend-
ment is proposed to the tenth section. 1 desire
to propose an amendment to the first section,
and I wish to know whether I shall be precluded
if this action be taken first ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Missouri wilFnot
be precluded from offering his amendment, though
it is more regular to proceed section by section
from the beginning.
Mr. FOSTER. I have received a memorial
fiom a constituent of mine since the bill was re-
ported, and therefore there was no appropriate
committee to which to refer it; and as it is very
short, I ask that it may be read at the Clerk's ta-
ble. It will explafh my reasons for moving this
amendment.
The Clerk read it^fes follows:
To the Senate and House oj Representatives in Congress
assembled:
The memorial of Timothy Dwight, of the city of New
Haven, and State of Connecticut, respectfully showeth :
That in the bill reported to the Senate by the special
committee on the Pacific railroad, it is piovided, in section
ten, that ^aid railroad shall be built with rails weighing not
less than seventy-five pounds to the yard.
That your mempnahst has invented, and obtained let-
tyro patent foi, an improvement in rails for railways, which,
beside tnanv other important advantages, is superior m
stiength of tiack, and Ireedom from liability to accidents,
to the besr railroads now in use in the United States, anu
is fully equal, at a greatly diminished expenee, to the track
specified in the bill above mentioned. ,
Til at the plan has been submitted to many distinguished
ensi n«ers and others connected with the construe ion and
management of railways, and has been fully approved by
them; of which fact he is prepared to exhibit the evidence
to your honorable body.
That in his plan the use of a rail weighing seventy nve
pounds to the yard is unnecessary; and that, if the provision
requiring its us«e is retained in the bill referred to, it will
prevent the use of a practically better track thus invented
and patented by your memorialist, and thus cause an un-
necessary expenditure of several millions of dollars in the
construction of a Pacific railroad, beside causing great and
irrepanble injury to your memoualist.
Your memorialist does not ask your honorable body to
sanction the use ofthe track invented by him, or to decide
upon its merits; but he believes it to be obviously expedi-
ent, well as an act of simple justice to himself, that it
should be examined bv a competent board, and that until
thu-5 examined its adoption should not be prohibited by law.
Ilethereiore prays that the bill may be amended by in-
seiung after the words "seventy-five pounds to the yard,"
"or such other track as the I^re&ident shall decide to be
equivalent thereto in hUengtli and security," or in such
other manner as inay accomplish the object of this memo-
rial, and aftoid adequate relief.  
' TIMOTHY DWT&HT.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to
suggest to him that I think he iiad better, with-
