1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which may strike me as in accordance with the
wants of the country; and in regard to those meas-
ures in which I differ from him, I shall pay all due
deference to the wisdom and patriotism of the chicf
of the nation. But, when measures of this char-
acter come up, it is the right of every individual
Senator to form his own opinion of the necessity
which may exist for them, and to render or with-
hold his -support as he may think proper.
' The section of country from which I come has
been referred to as an example inculcating the
necessity of an increased military force. Texas,
it is said, has called for an additional force. It is
true that Texas, through her Legislature, has me-
morialized the Congress of the United States for
a military force, but not for an increase of the
regular Army. She asks for a regiment of rangers
to protect her frontier. In my opinion it is neces-
sary that that peculiar description of force should
be accorded to Texas. Texas has been peculiarly
situated since her annexation to the United States.
At that time she had peace on her borders, from
one extremity to the other; she had not a regular
soldier within her limits; she had not a military
company in service within her limits or upon her
borders; since then, thousands of regular soldiers
have been there, and millions of money have been
expended for their support. In 1853, the regular
troops in Texas amounted to about three thou-
sand. That has been the average number since.
The military force there at this time amounts
to three thousand three hundred and fifty-two.
These troops are distributed upon our frontiers
at different stations. More than nineteen hun-
dred infantry are there; but, so far as they are
concerned, in efficiency, and in affording protec-
tion to the settlements, they might as well be at
Passamaquoddy bay, as on the frontiers of Texas.
Men stationed and stationary on the frontiers of
Texas are utterly useless. Within sight of their
fort a foray may be made on our borders, or an
inroad of Indians may penetrate into the country
for an indefinite distance, and return again, in
sight of the fort, and these men be utterly ineffi-
cient to protect the country. They can give no
protection, for the reason that they cannot pursue
their assailants; and the Indians, seeing that they
arc perfectly harmless and inefficient, regard them
no'more than they would a parcel of stockades.
I have yet to learn that when an inroad has been
made within our settlements, regular troops have
pursued the Indians, and made reclamation for
injury, or have retaken property. There may
have been such instances, but I cannot think of
them. If they had occurred, they would have
made a deep impression on my mind. I have
heard of none such; or, if I have, I have not
retained them in my memory.
This is the situation of the frontier of Texas.
In order to remedy the existing evils, in conse-
quence of the description of troops you send
there, and their stations in relation to our fron-
tier, Texas des,ires to have a more efficient force.
She wants men who understand the disposition
of the Indians, and who understand the descrip-
tion of warfare that will render a defensive force
efficient against them. She does not ask for an
increase of the regular military force of the United
States. You may withdraw every regular soldier
of the artillery, infantry, and dragoons, from the
border of Texas, and take them to Utah or any
other station you think proper, if you will give
her but a single regiment, one thousand or even
eight hundred men, of Texas rangers to protect
her frontier. She would derive real advantage
from that, but not from stationary forces.
The expense now incurred for transportation
and provisions alone, for the regular force there,
would nearly support that number of Texas ran-
gers. They are men who are acquainted with
action; they are efficient; they are athletic; they j
are inured to toil, to enterprise, to danger; and :
they carry with them a spirit that is not to be {
found m the troops that are generally collected !
in the regular Army, who arc confined to a routine ;
of duty, uninured to toil and exercise, and with-
out a quick eye to perceive the movements of an
adversary. Every man who would be in the
corps of rangers would be a man who is himself ;
capable of controlling a campaign; some of them j
would be men accustomed from early infancy to !
duty and enterprises of this kind. This is the !
force asked for by Texas. It is of a peculiar de- i
ecription,such as her necessities and her condition 1
require, but not such as have been stationed there
for years past.
It was^Ueged by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] that the fortresses which
had been constructed on our frontier had been for
the purpose of protecting settlements, and that
they had always accompanied the settlements.
That gentleman, I must say with great deference
to his general intelligence i# this peculiar branch
of knowledge, has been unfortunate;for you will
find that some eleven stations in Texas, which
have been occupied by the regular Army, where
over three thousand men are stationed, have been
advanced to very great distances beyond the set-
tlements. You will find Fort Duncan advanced
one hundred and twenty miles beyond the settle-
ments when it was established; Fort Clark not
less than forty-five miles; Fort Davis, three hun-
dred miles, Fort Mason, fifty miles; FortMcKav-
itt, seventy-five miles; FortTerrett, seventy-five
miles; Fort Chadbourn, one hundred and fifty
miles; Fort Graham, thirty miles; Fort Lincoln,
sixty-five miles; Fort Inge, eighty-five miles; Fort
Belknap, one hundred and sixty miles; making
the mean distance beyond the frontier seventy-
nine miles at which these forts have been estab-
lished.
The expense of furnishing supplies at these
various forts is at least equal to the amount that
would support a regiment of rangers on the fron-
tiers of Texas. The expense is immense. The
provisions, and, if cavalry is stationed there, the
forage for the animals, costs an immense sum. So,
these troops may be withdrawn without detri-
ment to Texas, and with benefit to the general
necessities of the regular Army of the United
States, if you leave Texas with eight hundred or
a thousand rangers, who will give more protection
than all the regular Army of the United States.
They would be men who can ride on horses,
who understand thoroughly the disposition of the
Indians, who know their inclination, their points
of foray and attack, and who can pursue them to
their fastnesses, or track them as the beagle would
the deer. When, however, you take men such
as constitute the regular Army, who are unaccus-
tomed to frontier life, to whom Indian habits are
unknown, who are utterly incompetent for these
duties, thny arc useless on our frontier.
For this reason I will cheerfully vote to give
Texas such a force; and I would, if I were capable
of doing so, advocate to a success/ul achievement
the application for a regiment of rangers to pro-
tect her frontier. It is necessary; it is indispens-
able; ami without it no efficient protection can be
given. The force which has been there hereto-
fore, though well designed, has been placed there
under a misapprehension, and has not accom-
plished the purpose for which it was intended;
and therefore it is comparatively useless. There
is a plan by which protection can be given to that
country. If a regiment of a thousand rangers be
placed there, it would only be necessary that they
should touch at the several fortresses, it would
not be necessary for them all to be on the scout
or rnnging atone time; a portion of them, if there
were invalid horses or men, could keep the sev-
eral stations, whilst the elite of the command
would go out in quest of the Indians, and for the
protection of our border, keeping up constant
vigilance and activity.
Our frontier can be protected without so large
a standing Army as we now have numerically.
Upon our frontier establish a fortification, or
keep the fortifications that arc established, with
fifty or one hundred men, and there set up trading
houses. Let the Indians go there to trade. Do
not hunt them up in their huntingparties, to make
war upon them when they are at peace, but in-
vite them there to trade. Finding the convenience
of obtaining such things as they need, either for
taste, or dress, or otherwise, or supplies of pro-
visions such as could be furnished* them m part,
they will become reconciled to the white people;
they will meet them on other occasions than those
of hostility, and they will meet them amicably;
they will associate with them; they will discover
some good qualities in them^ they will discover
some kindness to the Indians, and not perpetual i
war and hostility, which places them either in an !
offensive or defensive position towards the United
States. This will create a state of feelingin their
breasts that will influence their councils and their
conduct. Finding that it is for their advantage to
maintain these amicable relations, they will sqon'
become domesticated, if you will allow the-term/
or reconciled to the white people, and peace will
take the place of depredation and warfare'on our
frontiers. Let them get the supplies that are ne-
cessary at these trading houses, and not have to
go to other sections ancl to other people to obtain"
tliem, and they will be content.
It is said the Mormons are rendered formidable
by their relationship to the Indians, and that the
Indians in their neighboihood are to join them.
Why should they join the Mormons in opposition
to the United States? They are in juxtaposition
with them, and if they have been hostile to them the
Indians will necessarily cherish a reciprocal hos-
tility to them. The Indians have received annuities
from the United States, and if properly treated it
would be the natural tendency of their feelings that
they should be friendly with the United States.
Instead of that,we find them ready to associate with
a people who do not confer benefits on them, but
who, in their personal and tribal intercourse, treat
them with a degree of friendship that they do not
receive from the agents of the United States, or
from our border men, or our soldiers. If that
course had been pursued by us, how could the
Mormons, without resources, control the feelings
of the Indians or secure their alliance ? We had
the power, and if we had managed it with the same
policy that they have done, the Indians would not
only have consulted their interest by remaining
faithful to the cause of the United States, but they
would have been our allies and our friends, op-
posed to the Mormons. It is by extending to
them kindness, friendship, hospitality, when they
have an opportunity, and justice on all occasions,
that you secure the confidence of the Indian; for
it is only justice he wants. He may be a beggar,
and if you refuse him alms, he has sense enough
to know that it is your right. If you have auglit
to give him, give it graciously; for he can appre-
ciate the manners and feelings of the white people
as well as Chesterfield could in the Court of St.
James. These are the considerations which in-
fluence the Indians.
If you will establish trading houses with a suffi-
cient force to give protection to the traders, and
let the Indians form an intercourse there, you will
secure their friendship, and you will need no army
to protect your frontier. I have never yet known
a frontier to be protected by stations and by forts.
It might be, if the Indians knew you could pursue
them successfully; but so long as they are aware
that you are harmless in your fortresses, they
will defy you. They are not going to stand up
and let you shoot them from the fortresses; and
out of them our troops are inefficient.
If it is necessary on this occasion,,for the Mor-
mon war or any other purpose, I care not what,
to raise an additional force, of what description
should that force be? Is it to be composed of
active and efficient men ? Are they to be such
men as could be raised in the United States?
No, sir. We are told that owing to the present
depression of affairs and the existing monetary
derangement, there will be no difficulty in filling
our regular Army. Of what material will that
Army be formed ? Who are the men that are
thrown out of business? Are they not men about
manufactories? Are they not artisans about citics
who have never been on the frontier ? who know
nothing of it? All their education, all their ob-
servation, has been confined to city life, to streets,
to alleys, and to houses. They know nothing
about the forest and the wilderness. They know
nothing about the red man or his habits. They
are not inured to active toil, to marches, and to
equestrianship. These are the men, and this is
the material, from whom you are to organize an
army ! Why, sir, they are men who have never,
perhaps, shouldered a gun, or even made mimic
war with a cornstalk in a company muster-field,
and who would cut an indifferent figure even at
that. They are men who have never bestrode a
horse in their lives, and who know nothing about
horses. These arc the men that you are to con-
vert into cavalry; men taken from cities, who
never fed a horse, or bridled a horse, or saddled
a horse, or rode a horse; and they are to form
your dragoon corps ! These are the men to pursue
wild Indians that could ride a buffalo, if neces-
sary, in a chase \
I have heard something of their drilling. They
are drilled on the frontier of Texas; and 1 am told
