1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
35th Cong....1st Sess.
American Piracy—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
our merchant ships, we will make every effort
within human power to put down the slave trade
and to arrest tne prostitution of the flag of the
Republic to shelter criminals and protect crime.
If honest and determined efforts cannot extermi-
nate the unholy traffic, if these efforts cannot pre-
sent the prostitution of our flag by men engaged
in that traffic, then justice, humanity, and the na-
tional honor, demand that we should, by treaty
stipulation, provide for the mutual right of visita-
tion within certain lines of latitude and longitude,
with such limits and guards as shall protect hon-
est commerce and detect fraud and piracy. It
seems to me, Mr. President, that our honor and
our interests alike demand that we should, either
by our own force, or, by treaty stipulations, re-
deem the flag of our country from prostitution and
foul dishonor.
That the British Cabinet will disavow the re-
cent acts of some of their naval commanders in the
waters of the Gulf, that they will make ample rep-
aration for those illegal and belligerent acts of their
officers,cannotbe doubted foramoment. England
does not seek a controversy with us upon this, or
any other issue—certainly not at this time. She
has in the East, in China and India, ample fields
for the exercise of all her naval and military
power, and for the employment of all her re-
sources of wealth and of power. Let her under-
stand that we cannot, that we will not, admit the
right of any Power to visit or search our mer-
chant ships on the high seas; that this is a settled
question; that there can be no negotiation about
that right; that it is a closed question, never more
to be reopened; that we would as soon reopen
the treaty of 1783, by which she acknowledged
America sovereign and independent; and she will
give us ample indemnity for the aggressive acts
of the past and ample security for the future. The
right being admitted, we can, without national
dishonor, enter into treaty stipulations, to pro-
mote a great object which concerns the cause of
humanity and civilization throughout the world.
In December, 1845,1 listened to a debate in this
Chamber in which the present Secretary of State
took the lead. War with England, growing out
of the disputed Oregon boundary question, was
declared here by leading Senators to be " inevita-
ble." These Halls then rang with the fierce war-
cry, " Fifty-four forty, or fight!" While these
Chambers were echoing back these words of de-
fiance,to British power, the Administration, with
Mr. Buchanan at the head of the State Depart-
ment, was negotiating that treaty by which we
retreated from 54° 40' down to 49°; that treaty
by which we surrendered five degrees of terri-
tory, including Vancouver's Island, to which,
President Polk told us, our claim was " clear and
unquestionable." Sir, that ignominious surrender
of American territory to the grasping cupidity of
England was made while these Chambers echoed
with fierce denunciations of the pretensions of
England. We quailed before the demands of
England; we surrendered thousands of square
miles of American soil, including the noble harbor
at Vancouver's Island; and then we pushed our
little army to the banks of the Rio Grande, and
involved the nation in a war with Mexico. We
got np a war fever about the claims of England to
more than five degrees of the territory of the Uni-
ted States on the shores of the Pacific, the title to
which we pronounced " clear and unquestiona-
ble," and we then surrendered that territory to
our great rival, and whipped Mexico to redeem
our tarnished honor.
I see now, Mr. President, evidences of that
same policy. We are to bluster towards Eng- j
land, and then to empower the President to employ
our aroused and rampant valor against Mexico, I
and the weak States of Central America. British
war ships commit aggressive acts upon our com-
mercial marina on the high seas. The nation
feels the indignity, and protests against these acts;
and in face of these aggressive acts of England, >
the Committee on Foreign Relations bring in a !
set of resolutions expressive of the sense of the j
Senate, and a bill conferring power upon the Pres- :
ident to plunge the nation into a war with Mex- |
ieo or the feeble States of Central America. Eng-
land insults our flag; therefore we will resolve that ,
she ought not to have done so, and must not do I
it again; and to vindicate the outraged honor of j
our flag we will authorize the President to punish
Mexico and Central America. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has well said that the po-
sition of the Committee on Foreign Relations is
this: England insults us; therefore we will whip
Mexico and the States of Central America. Sir,
I do not admire this position; I do not like this
policy; I shall not follow the lead of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations; for, in my humble judg-
ment, this policy brings dishonor rather than
honor upon the country. This is the repetition
of the deceptive policy of 1845, which tamely
shrank from maintaining our rights as against
England, and then rashly plunged us into a war
with Mexico. With England—proud, arrogant,
haughty England—I would maintain the rights
of the nation with inflexible firmness. In vindi-
cation of our rights or our interests I would cavil
with her upon the ninth part of a hair; for our
honor and pride demand that we should surrender
nothing to the assumptions of power; but towards
the poor, weak, distracted States of Mexico and
Central America I would be generous, tolerant,
and forbearing. This should be the foreign pol-
icy of a great Power. This would be a policy
worthy of the' great Republic of the Western
World.
Rumors are rife, Mr. President, that expedi-
tions are now organizing in the United States to
make inroads into the territories of the feeble
Powers south of us on this continent. It is even
hinted that these lawless combinations of adven-
turers are known to the Administration and are
not discouraged by the Administration. That we
have fixed our hungry eyes upon the northern
provinces of Mexico, upon the Central American
States, is patent to the whole world. Should these
anticipated raids be made into Mexico or the
States of Central America during the coming year,
should the Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston]
lead, as he hinted he would the other .day, into
the States of Mexico bordering on the Rio Grande
or the Messilla valley, the hordes of adventurers
who will conquer that protectorate we will not
assume, is it intended by the bill reported by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to empower the
President to engage, ifneed be, the nation in this
hurtful raid for dominion? Sir, I denounce this
movement in advance, and I denounce this bill
clothing the Executive with war powers. I will
vote for no such bill; I will sustain no such policy.
This timid, shrinking policy towards England,
and this encroaching, aggressive policy towards
the weak Republics south of us on this continent,
will bring neither safety nor honor to the Repub-
lic. I condemn the one and scorn the other.
We are accustomed, Mr. President, to think
that the three million square miles of British ter-
ritory, and the three million British people, on
the North., are the guarantees, the pledges, Eng-
land has given to peace with the United States. I
sometimes think, sir, that the fear that the ban-
ner of the Republic would go beyond the chain
of lakes, beyond the St. Lawrence; that these
provinces of England would, in case of war, be-
come a portion of the country, adding to the ter-
ritory, the population, the wealth, and the power
of the northern section of the Union, had quite as
much restraining influence upon the councils of
Young America as upon the councils of Old Eng-
land. The fear of acquisitions on the North, the
hope of coveted acquisitions on the South, are
guarantees that the influences which now control
the policy of the country will not hurry us into
any contests with Great Britain which can be
avoided even by concessions to her demands. Evi-
dences all around us admonish us that the men
who now administer the Government of the Uni-
ted States dread expansion northward, and seek
expansion southward; that they are m no haste
to find cause of controversy with England, while
they are prompt to find cause of quarrel with any
Power south of us which will open to them the
coveted fields of Cuba, Central America, and Mex-
ico. It behooves the people of America, who ask
of foreign nations, m the words of Andrew Jack-
son, " for nothing which is not right, and who
will submit to nothing wrong," to watch and to
check this tendency of the men in power to shrink
from the maintenance of our rights against the
strong, and this tendency to encroach upon the
weak.
AMERICAN PIRACY.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
June 7, 1858,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Onion, npon
the Joint Resolutions proposing Hostilities with England,
oil account of her exercising-the Right of Visitation,
Mr. GIDDINGS said:
Mr. Chairman: I assure the House and the
country that I entertain no apprehensions of war;
nor have I any fears that war will grow out of
any question now pending between this nation
and Great Britain. Our present Executive is a
Democrat, under the guidance of the slave power;
and southern statesmen are tdo sagacious to sup-
pose that our nation can endure a war in support
of the slave trade. In the present state of the
popular mind, a war with that Power, for such a
cause, would bring the institution toa speedy term-
ination in every State of the Union. Northern
members have no desire for war; they prefer the
more tardy, but equally sure, method of effecting
emancipation by force of public sentiment.
The imperfection of our language often leads to
protracted discussion; I shall therefore avoid the
use of terms, as far as possible, in what I am about
to say.
" The right of search," as exercised upon tho
high seas in times of war, appears to be generally
understood, and in regard to it there is no contro-
versy; but for sixteen years our Ministers at Lon-
don, and the representatives of the British Gov-
ernment, have been explaining to each other " the
right of visitation," and a war is threatened because
lexicographers have failed properly to define that
form of expression.
Now, sir, I shall not attempt to do that which
so many abler men have failed to perform; but I
assert the right, and the duty, of the commander of any
ship engaged in suppressing piracy, to ascertain the
national character of any suspected vessel he may meet
upon the high seas.
I also declare it equally the duty of every cap-
tain, officer, and sailor, on board the suspected
ship, cheerfully to give this information. The
owner of the suspected ship, and the owner of the
cargo, are bound by every moral consideration to
require such captain and crew to give this inform-
ation when demanded.
It is the duty of all statesmen, and of all Gov-
ernments, to require the ships belonging to their
citizens to furnish this information when suspect-
ed. This obligation arises from the fact that all
nations are interested in exterminating pirates.
But merchants, ship-owners, and sea-faring men,
are more directly interested in that object than
any other class of citizens, and their obligations
correspond with the benefits derived.
I will add, that for ages pirates have been re-
garded as " outlaws," at war with all nations, and
all nations are supposed to be at war with them.
These rules have been held and practiced upon
by this Government since we have been a nation.
Many of the older members of this body will re-
recollect that, after the close of the last war, the
Gulf of Mexico was infested by pirates, whose
headquarters appeared to be the Isle of Pines,
lying at the west of Cuba. A naval force was
engaged for a considerable length of time in ac-
complishing the destruction of those outlaws.
Now, sir, during that whole expedition they vis-
ited every suspected vessel that fell in their way,
no matter what colors it bore. They visited Brit-
ish and Spanish and French vessels, for that pur-
pose, just as freely as they did those which sailed
under our own flag. It was their duty to do so.
I think their instructions will be found to contain
orders to visit not only suspected vessels, but sus-
pected places. And 1 believe the official reports
now on file in the Navy Department will show
that they faithfully fulfilled their instructions.
They visited ships; they landed upon territory
belonging to other nations, and I deny that Eng-
land, or France, or Spain, ever uttered a com-
plaint or demanded explanation. Indeed, the
ships and people of those nations went further.
Seeing our Government carrying on a war for the
benefit of mankind, they lent our ships and men
