THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
the ultimate purpose of theic use. He told no
man. He hardly believes that he told Ml-. Steele
himself what he was there for. And all this, he
would have us believe, without any instructions
to keep it secret; without any intimation from the
War Department that he was to keep it secret;
without any idea of a combination having been
entered into here or any whereelse at that time !
Sir,, there was something understood by the par-
ties-thai did not need words;something that talked
plainer and more directly to the point than .any
words that man eo^ld use. He kept the object of
his visit a profound secret until Mr. Heiskell
came thereto join him in tije sale of that land;
and, then, sir, on the very nextday, before he had
ascertained how much land there was, or who de-
sired to purchase it, he, with Mr. Heiskell, made
a written offer of this whole property, withoutre-
serve, without condition, without stipulation, to
Mr. Steele.
Now,sir,I say that is inexplicable. Why, these
men went to work and sold the property before
they knew how much there was of it. If there
■was any need of a surveyor going outthere at all,
there was need of his bunging to some definite
account the result of his labors; but up to this
day, or up to the last day he appeared before the
committee—if they have reported his testimony
correctly—he cannot tell how much land there is
there. He expressed the opinion, on examining
his papers and data, some months after the sale,
that there were about eleven thousand acres of
the land. He has, before the committee, fixed
different amounts, and finally said," I cannot tell
you the exact number of acres;" and that is all
the testimony, as to the extent of the property,
which we have from the man who thinks, or would
have us think, that he was sent out there to as-
certain how much "land there was.
The course of the other commissioner corre-
sponds with this policy. He went there as igno-
rant of this land as I am. He had never crossed
the Ohio river in his life. Ho had never owned
a foot of land outside of Virginia. He had never
superintended a public. work, except a salt-pit.
He had never sold land for anybody in all his
days. According to lus own account, he went
over this property twice on those two days before
it was sold—the first time to hunt for Major East-
man, and the next time, he says, he went about
the buildings, although hesays he saw nobody—
no officers or soldiers, and spoke to nobody. Ihe
commanding" ofHcer of the fort says he never saw
him there. You can judge how much he exam-
ined the buildings Anil with no mure knowledge
than that of the value of tile properly, he joined
with Major Eastman man oiler to sell it to Mi.
Steele, to the exclusion of everybody else.
Sir, that they sold it at the price for which they
did, in pursuance of a scheme—a plan hud down
in the past Admimstiation—is just as evident as
any oilier step in this whole [ueceeding. Well,
sir, they sold it, nominally, for $90,000. When
they made the oiler to Mr. Steele to sell this prop-
erty to him, he made them an offer of $75,000 for
it. It would hardly do on paper to say, your offer
is a very fair one, and you shall have the property
at your own price. No; they had solemnly made
up their minds that they would have $90,000 for
that property. And ill order to carry out, as
nearly as possible, what somebody understood to
be the plan, it was arranged, that, although these
parties should pay §90,00(1 for the property, they
should only pay 4,30,000 of it down, and ^30,000
next year, and $1)0,000 the year after, without in-
terest.
Now, it is in the testimony, and it is known to
stood- from the beginning between the parties to
this transaction—Mr. Steele, Mr< Graham, Mr.
John C. Mather, Mr. Richard Schell and wife.
The wife, I presume, had no connection with the
matter more than was necessary to make her one
of the parties to the contract. Mr. Steele had ori-
ginally calculated to get the whole of the property.
He made his proposition to the Secretary of War
a year before, which was rejected; and rejected
upon one ground, among others, that the price
offered was far below.its value. That reason Mr.
Steele saw on record. It was on file with the
adverse report of General Jesup upon the appli-
cation. Then appeared, for the first time in this
affair, Dr. Graham. He first enters upon the stage
in the character of a gentleman at court, paying
his respects to a Cabinet minister. He was bound,
as a true Virginian, to call on the Secretary of
War. He did call on him; and incidentally, not
accidentally, suggested to him that he was going
out West" to invest." 1 do not know what, for it
appears that he had not a dollar of money to in-
vest; but he wanted to know of the Secretary of
War if he could not give him something^ that
would pay his expenses out there. The Secre-
tary replied that he could not, unless it was to
sell some old forts. It was then, lie would have
us think, the first idea occurred to him that this
fort was for sale. As a high-minded man, he
at once eschcws temptation, and decided not to
take the agency. He starts for New York, and
there enters into a combination with Mather and
Schell to purchase the reservation. But before
he goes to New York, he sees Steele, goes round
by the way of Fort Snellmg, and holds a consul-
tation with him on the subject. He then comes
back to Washington by New York, and this com-
bination was organized, in which Mr. Steele was
embraced, and was alone thereafter to appear
upon the surface and move the springs and con-
duct the game. He then starts back to Minne-
sota with Mr. Heiskell, who held in his pocket a
commission for selling ihe pioperty. He goes in
the same tiain of cars with him, but only now ns
a gentleman at large, traveling for pleasure and
to see the country. No one uninitiated knows
the purpose of this second visit. Mr. Mather fol-
lows him the next day, taking with him a com-
mission to examine for sate Fort Ripley. I sup-
pose, for the sake of decency, he did not go ill
the same train of cars, but the parties arrived
there nearly at the same time and for the same
purpose. 1 can come to no other conclusion,
from the evidence. It appears from the testimony
that about this tune, at least before the sale, Dr.
Giaham got sight ol'Heiskell's instructions, and
played out his game with I he Government, like
the man at cards who looks into the hand of him
he plays against. Heiskell bpends the fiist day
in hunting up Major Eastman. He spends the
second day m making an offer to Steele, in receiv-
ing a proposal, and ill closing up the bargain; and
John O. Mather, who was there for the purpose
of making an examination of Fort Ripley pre-
paratory to sale, drew up the contract as the law-
yer of Steele. Now, sir, you have in all this a
key of the motives by which they were actuated,
the purposes they were to accomplish, and the
agencies through which they succeeded.
These commissioners say they were afraid of
combinations, yet themselves nursed into success
the only combination which existed. Who are
the men who intimated to them the danger of
combination? Why, sir, Mr. Steele, who pur-
chased, intimated it; Mr. Rice, who was aiding
him, intimated it. Mr. Steele,the matiwho wanted
to perfect the sale, and Mr. Rice, the man who
everv member of this House, that at a rate of in - !! procured the clause to be inserted into the bill au-
tcrest which money was worth in that market,at j thorizmg the Secretary of War to make the sale,
a rate of interest at which you could have invested |'. They, according to the evidence before us, were
ftl 00G 000 in that Tot i ifory> in it month these :■ the tucii, and the only met), who intimated to these
gentlemen more than made up the difference be- commissioners die danger of combination if the
Uveen <$0,000, which they nominally gave, and ! [ property was sold at public sale. But when Major
$75,000 cash down, which they offered a year1! w„« mIUI ,«>mv who t M h.m that there
befoie, and which they determined now to oiler. ;
Money was then, and is now, worth at least two :
and a half per cent. mouth there; and the intciesi. i
of §30,000 for one year, and of $30,000 for two n
years, is ^22.500, which was thus given .Steele {
m tins purchase, bringing the coot of i! ort Snelling
down to «j67,5UO. - , 'i
it is quite evident, too, from the conduct of the ,
parties interested m this sale, that it was but ear- i;
ryiiig out a part of the plan befoie laid and under-
Eastmmi was called to say who told him that there
would be combinations formed, he said that Heis-
kell knew more about it than he did, and that he
got his idea of combinations from Heiskell. When
Heiskell is asked where he got his information on
the subject, he replies that Major Eastman knew
more about it than he did, aiid that he got his
idea of combinations fiom Major Eastman.
The conduct of the Secretary of War also, if
the gentleman fiom Virginia will paidon me, leads
me to this same conclusion. He had been in
office but a few weeks, or a month, when he sent
this man on this mission. There was on file the
opinion of his predecessor in office, a gentleman
distinguished in that branch of the public service,
age^ist this sale. He had also on record the offer
of Mr. Steele, made a year before, of fifteen dol-
lars an acre for the whole of this reservation, cash
down; and General Jesup's report upon that of-
fer, that it was far below the real value.* But, sir,
he had not within himself made up his opinion
that this property was no longer needed for the
public service. At least, he put on paper that he"
had not; for, in his instructions to the commis-
sioners he requires them to " examine Fort Snell-
ing with reference to its being retained as a mil-
itary depot for the use of the Government." But
he then put these two men in commission, and
required of them first to pass upon the propriety
of selling Fort Snelling. One of the commission-
ers appointed to determine this fact had, as the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] this
morning remarked, arrived at that proud and daz-
zling height of military advancement of third cor-
poral in the Virginia militia. The other, though
a military man, had not been upon the ground for
about ten years. But, in the face of the evidence
in his office against this sale, he sends out this
commission. He sends one.man who had never
sold a foot of land in his life, and another man
who had never crossed the Ohio river in his life,
—a man who, according to his own confession,
knew so little about the preemption laws of the
Government, that he supposed Franklin Steele
would be entitled to hold a thousand acres by
preemption; another man, who did not know the
difference between a private sale and a secret sale;
a man who did not know the terms of the agree-
ment that he had himself entered into, and a man
who swore before the committee that he could not
tell whether $60,000 of the public money, which
he had lent out in this way, was drawing interest
or not; another man, who said that it had never
entered his mind to ask interest; two men, who said
that the reason they sold this land on these terms
was, because they knew the Government did not
want the money; these men wanted to have it so;
and they were in a hurry to get home. One of
them, appointed by the Secretary of War, is a
near neighbor and associate, and with whom he
had carried on asuccessful and awful war "against
the Know Nothings" in Virginia. He knew him;
ho knew his capacity to sell Fort Snelling; he se-
lected him; he gave him his instructions; he sent
him on this mission; he knew beforehand exactly
what this man was to do, and what he would do
when he got there; he was guilty of culpable neg-
ligence ill the public service in intrusting such a
man with any discretion at all.
Then there are some circumstances about this
matter other than these. The Secretary of War
had numerous applications before this time to sell
this property. There is not on record an answer
to one of them. Some of them were in the most
imploring, sycophantic terms, claiming a chance
ill for political services and sufferings. It was
due to the Secretary of War and the Government
that he should have left upon recoid an answer-
that would have rebuked and forever silenced any
such language addressed to a Department of this
Government". He says thathe answered all these
letters. I am sorry to say that thpre is not a
copy of any of these letters produced; and none
of these particular letters have been kept, although
there are copies of all the others. I am sorry to
find that in the investigation of the committee,
they have not been able"to find that an answer to
one of these letters was ever received. One man
appeared at his Department in person for the pur-
chase of this propeity. He made the application
himself at the door of the Secretary's room.
It so happened that on the 1st day of July he
did not find the Secretary of War in, although he
had a long conversation with the clerk. He went
back to ins hotel, and on the second day he ad-
dressed a note to the Secretary. It turns out, on
comparing dates, that on this very day that he
addressed this note to the Secretary, the Secietary
indorsed oil this sale the approval of the Govern-
ment. After all these statements, after the pub-
lic mind had been aroused, and the Secretary of
War warned and put on his guard, these parties
failed to comply with their own contract, and
there was no further obligation on the part of the
Secretary of ^V&r, either in honor or law, to com-
