1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <?L0Sfe
0««K
Zw3-
ply on the part of the Government, After they
had failed, as they did, to make their payment ton
the 10th day of Ju!y, he was at liberty to take no
further notice of that contract whatever. Yet on
the 25th day of July, in the midst of these accu-
sations, and when he had letters in his office,
making representations and putting him on .his
guard, so that he might have known that the prop-
erty had been sold for one fourth of its value, he
voluntarily, waived the non-fulfillment of this con-
tract on the part of these parties, and ratified this
foul scheme of plunder, so far as he could, by
receiving tiie money.
As to the manner of sale. In the report of the
minority, great stress is laid upon what they be-
lieve to be the fact that enough was paid for this
property; and they seem to think that no censure
should be cast upon this transaction, because, in
their opinion, the full value of this property was
received by the Government in this sale. They,
to some extent, make that a test that they got all
that it was worth, and not that it was a proper
sale. I suppose that if a game of dice or cards, or
any other game of chance, had settled this sale
at what it was worth, that then they would have
been justified. Yet as to the manner of sale, this
is the reasoning of the gentlemen. Here is what
the minority say, as to such kind of sales " gen-
erally." I read from the minority report:
" As a general rule of executive action, '.ve concur most
cordially with the majority m the opinion that ail sales of
Government propeity should bo made at public auction,
and after due notice, thereby affording to every citizen who
desires it, a fair and equal opportunity to participate in the
purchase. This is a rule demanded, not only by the rela-
tion which exists in a country like ours between the Gov-
ernment and the people, but it is an important cheek to of-
ficial favoritism and partiality, and operates beneficially m
guarding against that sense of individual injustice winch
springe from tiie preference of one man over another, where
all have common light*. So strong are ourindividiial con-
victions on thissubjeet, that it would i eqmre proof of a very
perverted sentiment ui any State or T rntory to excuse, m
our judgment, a departure fiom so sound and salutary a
rule of action. The amount which the Government will at
any time realize from a sale of its property, must be insig-
nificant, compared with the moie impoitant benefit which
it must denve from an all pervading impression of its fair-
ness, justice, and disinterestedness."
That is true. That is good, sound doctrine.
But, after delivering such an opinion in court,
what do you think is the judgment entered up?
Here is their judgment on the opinion of then-
court, delivered in the words I have read:
"And yet it is difficult for any faii-minded man who
rend- the accompanying evidence, and learns that system
of combination which controls the results of public sales
in the West, to cast the slightest ccn-ure upon the motives
and conduct of the comim^sioneis ol sale. We would not
applaud their act as a precedent. We cannot condemn it
as an individual case, under the circumstances."
This opinion and judgment are a no;t sequilur,
and very much after the manner of an opinion
and judgment rendered once by a village magis-
trate on a time when a gray-headed old sinner
had been trifling with one of the commandments
in the decalogue, and had been overtaken, as the
lawyers say, flagrante delicti!; and when brought
before the magistrate, and the evidence was put
in the case, and the whole charge proved by very
much that sort of testimony by which I can at
this moment determine with confidence who oc-
cupies the chair—the testimony of the eye—the
magistrate delivered the opinion and judgment of
the court in these words:
"Mr. Smittl, stand up : Sir, it is the opinion of the court
that, under the circumstances, you are not guilty; but don't
you never do so again."
Now, one word more about the manner in
which the sale was effected. There was a written
offer, by this very Mr. Steele, in the Department,
of $15 an acre for this property, and yet the Sec-
retary authorized these men to sell it at $7 50 an
acre. Their construction of their instructions
was—and that is the plain language and meaning
—that they were to sell at not less than |7 50 an
acre, and make a final sale binding on the Gov-
ernment at that price. There was a written offer
in the Department of $15 an acre, on which was
indorsed General Jesup's opinion that that was
far below the true value; and yet these men sold
the property for $90,000, in the teeth of that offer
—reduced by the terms of the agreement to less
than seventy thousand dollars, and less than $7 50
per acre, it will be found, in my judgment, if the
number of acres shall ever be known.
In conclusion let me say, that the manner in
which this property was sold calls louder for con-
demnation than anything else. I do not care what
it brought, I do not care whether it was needed
for a military deoot or not. I want the sale of the
public domain to be so conducted as that it shall
be above reproach. The doctrine that " to the
victors belong the spoils," is not a new one in
this country, nor does its odium belong to any
particular party. I am sorry to say that it has
come to be the almost universal doctrine of par-
ties. When it was first broached, Mr. Jefferson
felt called upon in his first inaugural to discoun-
tenance it, and to declare that in the distribution
of favors we were all Republicans and all Feder-
alists, But it got possession of the minds of the
menAvho managed the affairs of the Government,
and itcame stealthily, gradually, butcertainly, to
possess the minds of men of all parties. It was
a good many years after that before it was publicly
avowed, but more recently men of high position
have declared the doctrine and practiced it. But
if there is to be ingrafted on that doctrine the idea
that the public domain is to be parceled out to
political favorites, then I say, so demoralizing has
come to be the working of this doctrine upon the
political character of all parties in this country,
that one might well despair of the Republic. If
it has come to be understood, and the doctrine is
here to-day to be sanctioned *by a vote of this
House, that by a secret sale, special political fa-
vorites are to have rich slices of the public domain
parceled out to them to the exclusion of all others,
then, sir, there has come to be such a demorali-
zation of political integrity in this country, as
ought well to cause alarm in the breasts of all true
patriots.
Sir, who are the men who figure in this matter?
Who is this Mr. Heiskell? A man who was such
a political favorite that, in the opinion of the Sec-
retary of War, there was no place in the gift of
the President commensurate with his merits. He
is commissioned to sell this reservation. To whom?
Who is Mr. Steele? Who is Mr. Rice ? Who is
Mr. Mather? Who is Mr. Schell? Who is Dr.
Graham ? They have a right to be of any partic-
ular party they choose. I am only saying that
it is a great misfortune that they made a sefcret
sale of this property in which no mortal man fig-
ures but special party favorites. The public do-
main, the common property of all, is thus set
apart as the political plunder of the victors. The
real consideration for this sale, as well as its
secrecy, are enough to damn it in any court and
before the people.
I have a word or two to say in behalf of a New
England Democrat. If this is to be the policy, I
demand, in the name of New England Democ-
racy, an equal participation in the division of the
public lands. Sir, Mr. Paul Dillingham, of Ver-
mont, put his application on record, based on the
fact that he had been "a sound, reliable Demo-
crat;" had done; if not " works meet for repent-
ance," certainly service that deserved meat, and
had been condemned to live in " a State where gen-
uine Democracy is poorly thought of by the great
colored party who rule and always will here"—
turned out on the barren waste of New England
Democracy to seeka precarious livelihood. As he
grew old, and his eye became dim, he turned, with
the true instinct of those who know their master's
crib, and made application to the Secretary of
War for " a chance for a bargain" out of Fort
Snelling, It is a touching letter, Mr. Speaker, '
and must have brought tears to the eyes of the <
Secretary. I wish we could have had the Secre-!
tary's reply. I doubt not he gave him a moral -
lecture on the vanity of human expectations—on
the folly as a business transaction of laying up
his treasures here in Washington. But, sir, his |
merit has not been appreciated. It costs some- !
thing to be a Democrat in New England, while it j
rather pays in New York city. This is another ,
evidence of the prejudice against New England, j
My friend, Paul Dillingham, comparing his claim i
with those of John G. Mather, who had fattened !
at the public crib in Troy and in New York city, !
or with those of Richard Schell, or of Mr. Steele,
who had grown immensely rich on the crumbs !
which had fallen from his master's table at Fort 1
Snelling, will be justified in exclaiming, "my;
sufferings is intolerable!" These men are chosen; i
and he who had sacrificed all his hopes and all his !
ambitions in undertaking to stem the current of
political affairs in Vermont, is passed by.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BISHOP obtained the floor.
Mr, BURNETT. Before the" gintjemati from
Connecticut proceeds, 1 desire to>know from gen-
tlemen on the other side, whether it is their in-
tention to press any vote on this Matter to-nigh t'?
[Cries of "No !"" No!"] - -
Mr. PETTIT. I would say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that it is not proposed to ask for5
;a vote on it to-night.
Mr. BURNETT. Very-well'; let that be un-
derstood.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object; unless the preridua®
question be demanded.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. With the consent
of the gentleman from Connecticut, I ask to pre-
sent the report of the Committee of Elections in
the Maryland contested-election case. I ask that
it may be printed. I believe that the views of the
minority are ready for presentation, and I ask
that both may be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the views of the mi-
nority.
The reports were ordered to be printed.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, intro--
duced a joint resolution amendatory of an act en-
titled "An act,to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress," approved August 16,
1856, so far as relates to such members as shall
die during their terms of service; which was read,
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Mileage.
BARK ADRIATIC.
Mr. BURLINGAME, by unanimous consent,
fiom the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
back, without amendment, the joint resolution
relative to the seizure of the bark Adriatic, accom-
panied by a report in writing. The joint resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
PAY OF FORAGE MASTERS.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
extending to forage masters of the Army the ben-
efits of the act entitled "An act to increase the
pay of officers of the Army," approved February,
1857; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BISHOP. Does all this come out of my
time ?
The SPEAKER. The propositions arc intro-
duced by general consent, and the time occupied
will not be deducted from the gentleman's hour.
ATLANTIC STEAM FERRY.
Mr. MILES, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
authorizing the Atlantic Steam Ferry Company,
incorporated by the General Assembly of Vir-
ginia, to purchase foreign-built vessels; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
SALE OF FORT SNELLING—•AGAIN.
Mr. BISHOP. Mr. Speaker, with a view of
contributing, so far as I was able, to the dispatch
of the public business, and with the desire of ef-
fecting a speedy adjournment, I have refrained
thus far from participating in the discussion of
most of the questions which have been presented
for the consideration of this House, Many sub-
jects have been acted upon by the House, upon
which I should have been glad to have expressed
my views, but I have waived my own personal
feelings for the sake of expeditingthe public busi
ness; and, without any disrespect to any other
gentleman, I must say that if many others had
talked less and acted more, the business of the
session might have already been completed, and
we might be able now to return home to our con-
stituents and be met with the approving words,
" well done, good and faithful servants."
Impressed as I am with these views, I should
not attempt, at this late day in the session, t.o oc-
cupy the attention of the House, did I not believe
that a movement was set on foot in the report of
the majority of this investigating committee, in-
tended solely to bring disgrace upon the chief
executive officers of this Government—a move-
ment, as I believe, conceived and carried out for
