1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
35th Cong....1st Sess.
American Piracy—Mr. Giddings,
Ho. of Reps.
had he been present, would have had any author-
ity whatever for delivering one of these people to
the custody or control'of another.
Our Minister at London, however, was himself
a breeder of slaves. That noble patriot, Daniel
O'Connell, had refused to extend to him the civil-
ities due to a Christian statesman, and he felt the
more determined to make the Government of
England-dignify this "American piracy" by ac-
knowledging it to be a legitimate vocation.
To effect this object, however, he saw but one
course—that was, to regard the slaves as property,
and not as persons. The crime for which indem-
nity was sought was so obvious, that truth could
not sustain it. The laws which govern the moral
universe forbid the idea that truth can subserve
such iniquity, the claim must therefore be main-
tained by deception, by " falsehood." And in
his official communication to the British Minister,
Mr. Stevenson declared:
" Our Government has determined, in the most solemn
manner, that slaves killed in the public service of the Uni-
ted States, even in a state of war, were regarded as prop-
erty and not as persons, and the Government held respons-
ible for their value."
I need not repeat what I said of this unmitigated
falsehood sixteen years since. I then pronounced
it false in the concrete, and false in its details,
and called on the friends of Mr. Stevenson, and
the delegation from his State to cite an instanse
where the Government had ever paid for a slave
killed in the public service. The assertion was
not only false, but the reverse of his assertion
was true. In every instance where compensation
for slaves killed in the public service has been
claimed, we have refused payment.
Sir, I feel humbled, as an American, as a Chris-
tian, when I proclaim these facts. Our nation was
disgraced in the presence of the civilized Govern-
ments of the earth, when its accredited Minister
thus condescended to slander the people of this
Union, and libel this Republican Government, in
order to support piracy, and do honor to the men
so worthy of the gallows. But the falsehood an-
swered his purpose; the British Minister was de-
ceived, the people of England were defrauded of
$115,000, and the first step in rendering the slave
trade honorable was successfully taken.
The next step was to constrain northern mem-
bers of Congress to legislate for the distribution
of this money. The slave power insisted that
we should sanction the proceedings of the Exec-
utive. A bill passed the Senate for that purpose,
and those interested attempted to force it through
this body, under the previous question. I ob-
tained the floor by strategy, and uttered a protest
against sitting in this Hall to legislate upon the
price and value of immortal beings. The bill,
however, passed, and Congress thus far contrib-
uted its influence to render American piracy hon-
orable.
Thus, Mr. Chairman, has this Government lent
its moral and political influence, through the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments, to violate, to
blot out, its solemn obligations proclaimed in the
treaty of Ghent, instead of using its best endeav-
ors to entirely abolish the " traffic in slaves." We
have lent our utmost endeavors to uphold, en-
courage, and render it honorable. We have done
this through dishonorable means—through fraud
and falsehood. Sir, could this Government be
subjected to its own laws, it would be liable to
fine and imprisonment/or obtaining money under
false pretenses.
In making these remarks, I am aware that I
shall incur the criticism of those who say they
will " stand by our country, right or wrong." The
maxim is atheistic. I will stand by my Govern-
ment when it is in the right, but when it is wrong
I will do what I can to set it right.
During the session of Congress in December,
A. D. 1835, a slave ship was fastened to yonder
wharf. It was the Enterprise, waiting her cargo.
They were purchased in this District; many of
them were members of various churches, and one
was said to belong to the minister who officiated
in the same church of which the slave was a mem-
ber. The whole cargo was gathered here, under
the eye of the President, and of various ministers
of the Gospel, and was said to be respectable.
Some of the victims, however, were not satis-
fied with their lot. They preferred death by their
own hands, rather than meet the horrors of
southern barracoons. One of them, a young wo-
man, threw herself from the Long Bridge into the
Potomac, seeking a watery grave as a relief from
the horrors of this " American piracy." Her sad
fate excited the attention of one of our most tal-
ented poets, who has commemorated the sad
story in beautiful verse. But the cargo was com-
pleted, and the victims taken on board, after the
manner practiced upon the African coast. In-
deed, so far as the slave trade was concerned,
there was nothing to distinguish this city from
the many slave factories of Africa. The sails
were hoisted, lines cast off, and the glorious flag
of our Union raised. The ship departed under
the stars and stripes which may be seen upon
nine-tenths of the slave ships that leave the Af-
rican coast.
But the winds of heaven were more favorable
to human rights than our Executive or Congress.
The ship was driven far out of her course; and
after three weeks of tempestuous weather, the
owners of the slaves being on board, preferred
running into Port Hamilton, in the Island of Ber-
muda, and subjecting their slaves to British laws,
rather than risk their own lives by remaining
longer at sea. The slaves of course became free
as soon as they came under the protection of Brit-
ish enactments. Those laws had jurisdiction not
only upon the island, but they extended a marine
league from the shore. This had been the opin-
ion entertained, and the doctrine admitted and
enforced, by all civilized nations, for a century
previous. This Government had practiced upon
it, and still practices upon it.
But our Executive had undertaken to uphold
this American slave trade, and our Minister at
London was at once instructed to obtain com-
pensation for the slaveholders. The effrontery
manifested in prosecuting such a claim serves in
some degree to mitigate the contempt with which
every honorable, every high-minded statesman
must look upon it. Of course, the British Min-
ister respectfully declined all negotiation upon the
subject. He was conscious that his Government
as well as ours was bound by the treaty of Ghent
to use her " best endeavors to entirely abolish the
traffic in slaves." Nor could he see any good rea-
son why England should disgrace herself by an
open and obvious disregard of her solemn com-
pact, even if the Government of the United States
requested it. England has faithfully carried it
out by entirely abolishing it among the people of
her West India islands. She had gone further,
and abolished slavery in all her dominions, and
was then using her best endeavors to suppress it
on the coast of the Africa. She now refused to
stain her honor by encouraging this American
piracy. The slaves had been voluntarily brought
within the jurisdiction of her laws by direction of
their owners, and were free. Nor could her states-
men discover any good reason why the people of
England should pay speculators in human flesh
for their loss of human cattle.
The genius of Mr. Calhoun alone appeared
equal to the emergency. He stood acknowledged
at that time the most able and conspicuous of
southern statesmen. He saw that the law of na-
tions in regard to the local jurisdiction of each
Government must be modified, entirely changed,
before any plausible argument could be advanced
in favor of this claim. He, therefore, introduced
resolutions into the Senate, declaring, that when
a ship or vessel enters the port of a friendly Pow-
er, through stress of weather or unavoidable ac-
cident, she carries with her tho laws of the State
from whence she sailed, and the persons on board
in all their relation, are controlled by the laws of
such State. In another resolution he declared
that the slaves on board the Enterprise, while
lying in Port Hamilton, continued to be legal
slaves. The movement was a bold one.
I was at the time a member of this body, and
well recollect the astonishment expressed by
members of the House at these propositions.
Mr. Webster was regarded as the ablest states-
man of the free States. He was a Whig, and,
believed to have some aspirations for the Presi-
dency. All eyes were turned to him; the hopes
of the free States appeared to rest on him, more
than on any other man. We felt that an easy
victory and high honors awaited him in the con-
test about to come off.
These resolutions were presented on the 4th of
March, 1840, and came up for consideration a
few days subsequently, when Mr. Porter," of
Michigan, a young member of that body, spoke
against them. They were then formally referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, who re-
ported them back with some verbal amendments,
but substantially as introduced; and with due
formality and solemnity they came up for final
action on the 15th of April. Mr. Clay and Mr.
Calhoun, and perhaps one or two other Senators
from the slave States, spoke in favor of them,
declaring their readiness to sustain the institu-
tion at any sacrifice; but no voice was raised for
humanity, for justice, for the honor of our nation.
Mr. Webster was silent, and the record shows
that the vote in favor of the resolutions was unan-
imous. The names of Mr. Webster and other
Northern Whig Senators do not appear on the roll
of votes given on that occasion.
It is not for me to characterize that act. The
pen of the historian yet remains paralyzed in re-
gard to it. My own political pathway has been
rugged; storms have raged around me, and many
years have come and gone, but the emotions of
my own mind on that occasion will not soon be
forgotten. I saw, or thought I saw, as clearly as
I now realize the effect and tendency of that act.
It was intended to stop the wheels of progress, of
civilization, and restore the heathenish doctrine,
-that " Africans have no rights which white men are
bound to respect." The advocates of the slave
trade then felt that the Senate was fully committed
to the support of this "American piracy." It
constituted the most important step then taken
towards the position which the Executive and
his supporters now occupy.
When Mr. Tyler became President, he called
Mr. Webster to the Cabinet, and that distin-
fuished statesman was soon constrained to,wield
is moral and political powers either for or against
this slave trade.
On the 27th of October, 1841, the brig Creole
sailed from Hampton Roads, with a cargo of one
hundred and thirty-five slaves on board, bound
for New Orleans. It will be borne in mind, that
when out from shore at the distance of a marine
league, the laws of Virginia ceased to hold juris-
diction over the ship or the persons on board, and
they became subject to the exclusivfe jurisdiction
and laws of the United States; and I need notsay
that these laws had made no provisions forliold-
ing men in slavery upon the high seas or in our
territories outside the District of Columbia. The
moment the ship passed from the jurisdiction of
Virginia, these people, by force of law, became
clothed with the attributes offreemen.
The slaves on board the Creole were conscious
of this, from intuitive conviction. Their own
immortal natures spurned the doctrine asserted in
the Senate, and, under the guidance and prompt-
ings of that innate love of liberty which throbs
in every human heart, they asserted the rights
bestowed upon them by the Creator. One of the
slave-dealers attempted forcibly to maintain the
doctrine avowed in the Senate. Here, again, that
God-given reason, which every man possesses,
taught these people, reared in ignorance, in slave-^
holding stupidity, that the slave-dealer was a*
pirate, had incurred the just penalty attached to
that crime, and they at once inflicted upon the
miscreant the punishment due to his iniquity. I
leave it for casuists to determine whether he was
more guilty than those that encouraged him in his
accursed vocation. These quondam slaves, now
freemen, taking possession of the ship, extended
mercy to the other slave-dealers on board, and
directed their course to Nassau, in the island of
New Providence, and went oil shore, seeking
their own happiness.
I well recollect the sccne which occurred in the
Senate when the news of this transaction reached
this city. The members of that body were even
more excited than they have been recently. They
then threatened to send our ships of war, and
sink those British islands; now they only talk
of sinking the British navy. It might prove in-
structive to gentlemen of the p'Pesent age to read
the high-sounding threats and epithets used at
that day.
Mr. Webster was now Secretary of State under
a slaveholdmg President, associated with a slave-
