1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be reliable and efficient in time of difficulty.
From the mere circumstance of a soldier entering
the service, knowing that he is restricted to a cer-
tain degree of respectability or character, he will
be regulated by 110 such feeling as posse&ses the
man of an honorable and ambitions heart, but
such as would become a drudge and a slave.
The time was, Mr. President—and I well recol-
lect it—when the Army held out inducements to
honorable emulation. It was in the war of 1812;
promotions then were made not only from private
life, but from the ranks of the Army. When a
man enlisted, if his capacity and intelligence were
such as to commend him to the notice of his
superiors, he was promoted to the rank of a non-
commissioned officer. Then higher promotion
invited him, if his deeds were worthy of it. He
was promoted to be a lieutenant, and might hope
at some day, by brevets and promotions,and by
gallant conduct, to reach the very chief command
of the Array. This road is now blocked up;
insuperable barriers are interposed to it; and 1
have not, within the last twelve years, heard of a
single appointment—though there may have been
<■ instances—from the ranks to commissioned offi-
cers. Thus it is that you see the great path to
glory, to honorable achievement, blocked up. An
impassable barrier is placed in the way of the ad-
vancement of your soldiers. How is this done ?
It is by an institution that I am no t altogether op-
posed to. After an education has been granted
at the Military Academy, young men are taken j
■jjfrom there, and placed over the head of old vete- j
rans. They have not experience; they are from \
the drill of the Academy. It is the great duty of |
life, and we see it commence with infancy in well-
regulated families, that obedience is the founda-
tion of future usefulness and future character.
First learn an individual to obey, and then he will
know how to exercise authority with proper def-
erence to the feelings of his subordinates and in-
feriors. But when you place lum in command
before he has learned the duty of obedience, he
becomes presumptive, haughty, tyrannical, and
domineering,and will not seek to create and foster
in the Army a proper esprit tin corps.
It is said a regular army is dangerous. The
danger does not consist m its numbers. It is not
from the number of the regular Army that danger
is to be apprehended. They are too much dis-
persed over a vast area of the country to be con-
gregated and rendered formidable. There is an
outside pressure that is too terrible to be resisted
in the sovereignty of the States, that would crush
out and at once annihilate a congregated regular
Army. Sir, the evil begins here; it begins at the
other end of the Capitol. It begins in the polit-
ical structure of our Government. The danger is
in theMilitary andin the Naval Academy. There
privileged classes are inaugurated. " No matter
how promising a youth may be—he may be an
orphan boy that has sprung up with the impress
of genius in his mind, and nature's nobility
stamped on his heart; but if he has no political
influence—if lie has no friends—if he has 110 pat-
ronage with which to reciprocate patronage, he
is neglected and overlooked. The members of
Congress, in selecting individuals from their dis-
tricts for these Academies, are guided by an eye
to policy. " Who among these candidates will
bring me the greatest support in my iHstrirt?" is
the question. No matter how stupid a boy may
be, if he has influence to back his application he
is selected by a member and sent to West Point
Academy, where he is nursed and cherished and
fostered till he graduates. Then, forsooth, pro-
vision must be made for him in the Army. You
create places; you add companies to the regiments
to make room for subordinate stations, or subor-
dinate appointees. A graduate of the Military
Academy must be provided for; you will not re-
turn him to the walks of civil life to add his mite
to the general contribution of society—to make
us great and glorious as a people. No, sir; but
he is stul'ifiedas to all usefulness, by placing him
in the regular Army. This influence continues. It
has not ceased with the Academy, but is dissemi-
nated thronghoutthewholocommumty. Thecon-
sequence is, that no reduction in the Army can over
take place. Why? Because here come the rela-
tives of the man whom you propose to turn out;
he has raised them to action on the subject. All
the thousands of officers whom we have dissem-
inated throughout the various States and the va-
rious congressional districts, go around and influ-
ence their Representatives. They have relatives
and friends to say, "My son must be retained;
my brother must bo retained; or my father or
somebody else must be retained." This outward
pressure on Congress will prevent the reduction
of the Army. You may add to it, butyou cannot
reduce it. You may go on by degrees tillagreat
portion of the community becomes interested in
exercising an influence through their Representa-
tives, in increasing the Army, but never in dimin-
ishing it. This is the evil that is to arise in the
country, and thus it is that the Army is becoming
formidable. It is to become ingrafted with the
corruptions that always grow upat a capital,and
the country's institutions will gradually decline
as these privileged orders rise to the ascendant.
You may depend upon it, Mr. President, that
things here are not as they once were. I say it
in sorrow, for I feel it in my heart. The time
was, that when officers were employed here, they
were employed for useful purposes; and they were
to be found at remote stations when usefulness
required it. They were not congregated here in
masses; and every officer was proud to wear,
either in his hat-band, or upon his shoulder, or j
upon his person, some insignia, telling the world:
" Look at my conduct, and see that I walk worthy
of the insignia I wear." They were not sneak-
ing about in citizens' clothes, identified with the
masses, lest they might attract attention, and the
people become alarmed at the formidable number
about the Capitol. They were set apart, and the
uniform was worn for their circumspection and
demeanor. There were no bureaus here then.
There were no men to influence the Departments,
and dictate indirectly to the Government, as there
now arc. The Departments once in four years
become subservient to these stick-fasts, these set-
fasts, these chilblains on the Government, as they
are—yes, sir, these plague-spots on our institu-
tions, that are here now. They are adroit and
cunning; they have got themselves placed here;
and whenever a new Cabinet officer comes in,
necessarily unacquainted with many of the forms
and details, and indeed some of the principles of
the Department—for there is no man that pos-
sesses perfect intuition—these men are ready to
take possession of him, and make him a mere
supple instrument in their hands, and impress on
him, like the metal upon the wax, what impres-
sion they please.
These bureaus ought also to be changed every
four years. I am told that really some families
are very much distressed, and have been so for
fourteen, fifteen, or seventeen years, perhaps, for
fear their husband'would be ordered off to do his
duty as an nelive sailor or soldier. That isamost
distressing condition of anxiety! I want to re-
lieve them of those distresses. These men are
either necessary on the decks of their ships, or
they are necessary m command of their regiments,
or at their post as commanders or subalterns,
or they are not needful in the Army and Navy.
They ought to be at their posts; but if they are
here, they ought at least to certify to the world,
" I am an officer; here is the evidence." The
world expects it. Continue your present system,
however, and the very instruments of the nation's
salvation, to counsel wisdom and legislate for the
benefit of the nation, will be rendered subservient
to these privileged classes; and this will be accom-
plished through the medium i have stated.
There is the danger arising from a standing
army. It is from the manner of its construction.
You will never have men,until they are promoted
from the ranks, who will feel that they have a
motive for acting worthy of their vocation. When-
ever you make promotions from the ranks, you
will furnish a good army. This is a matter that
is discretionary with the head of the War De- j
partmeut; and I trust, from his known chivalry i
and just appreciation of an esprit du corps, that it J
will now be adopted. Gentlemen most capable of [
doing it have talked of it. 1 have known men j
who enlisted with the hope of getting promotion.
They bed to £0 into the ranks because they had
110 political influence to enable them to get a
coinrnb-aort, and feeling self-reliance enough that
when they had an opportunity they would recom-
mend themselves to the consideration of their su-
periors and the nation,and that promotion would |
be the consequence. Open that doorand you in- j
vite men of pride, of character, and of family, to '
enter your Army. Knowing that that is the" high-
way of promotion, they will enlist; butnever until
thatavenue is open to them. The man who eould
not properly appreciate a commission and aspir®
to it is not fitfor a soldier on whom to throw the
responsibility of defending the liberties of his
country. The man who will toil only forani-
mal existence, to draw nutrition and vegetate and
rot, is not the man that is to vindicate our liber-
ties. ■ •-
But, sir, if you want an additional force, you
have the means in your control. We have a (stand-
ing Army, the most invincible on earth. It is an
army of freemen—men who feci clustering around
their hearts all the sympathies of life, country,
friendship, and honor; sensitive to their country's
glory and honor as they are to their own family
relations. Call upon such men to volunteer, and
they will do it with pleasure. Tenders are made,
throughout the country, of volunteer services.
Accept them; let them go; they are efficient; they
are equestrians; they are marksmen. Let them
go and serve till the emergency is over, and they
will then return to the greetings of family and
the embraces of affection, and all the cherished
hopes of life will cluster around them on their
return triumphant from a glorious campaign.
Who achieved the glories of the war with Mex-
ico .? Were they regular soldiers? They fought
well and could be shot down; but who were the
efficient men? Who were the men most gallant
and daring on that occasion ? Is not the Palmetto
regiment of the South immortalized? Is not the
Mississippi regimcntalso immortalized? Yet they
tell me that volunteers are not to lie relied upon.
Sir, if you have no reliance upon them the coun-
try is not free, for freemen constitute your volun-
teers. These are the men that are always ready
to go. They are men who are capable of taking
care of themselves and their animals; acquainted
with frontier life; men who are not more expens-
ive than regular troops of the same description—
mounted men. The Government buys animals
for the regulars and keeps a supply 011 hand for
men who let them die through their carelessness
or want of knowledge of the means to preserve
them. The frontier-man's next and best fiiend
in a campaign is his gallant steed. He will take
care of him, and is responsible for him, while no
responsibility rests on the regular dragoon. If
the horse is gone it is no loss to him; if the vol->
unteer's or ranger's horse goes, the loss is his and
he feels it. Rely on them in e. ery time of emer-
gency, and you place your reliance, not on a broken
reed, but on a strung, firm staff, that will not de-
ceive you or wound the hand that presses on it.
Tims, sir, I am decidedly in favor, in emergen-
cies like the present, of calling for men who will
go into active service. If you were now to un-
dertake to recruit a regular army, how long would
it take to do it> How long would it take the reg-
ular Army to be filled, even from the material I
have described? It would take a twelvemonth.
Would not the expense be greater than the ex-
pense of volunteers? You may say not,because
the volunteers present a round sum of per diem;
but if the volunteer does not keep himself sup-
plied with a horse, you reduce him to the grade
of footman. He always keeps himself supplied,
and he is an efficient horseman. If the regular
soldier loses his horse, he is not bound to supply
another. He is to all intents and purposes on the-
sick list so far as efficiency goes, and the Govern-*
ment supplies the deficiency.
As I have said, troubles with the Indians will
cease if they are treated as I have proposed, by
establishing trading houses and forts not defended
by more than one hundred men at any positiorf,
or merely by way of keeping guard there, and
employing such men as are neccssary for spies,
or skulks, or for messengers'; or for expresses.
Let them be employed from the different Indian
tribes; let them be placed in your confidence? tney
will reciprocate that confidence. Encourage them,
create a spirit of emulation amongst_them, and
when one man proves himself faithful, it will open
the door to others. They will look forward to
distinction in the confidence of the white man, and
each will be emulous to rival his fellow in confi-
dence, in usefulness, and fidelity, in this way
you will conciliate the Indians. They will see that
they arc not regarded as enemies, but incorpo-
rated into the hscof friends; that confidence is re-
posed in them; and no man haa stool up in my
