1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PI
In regard to this bill, there are no extraordinary
powers given by it to the President. The right
to locate the road between the points indicated in
the bill is given to the contractors, and not to the
President. The President only has the discretion
to open the bids, and determine which of them is
most favorable to the Government for transporta-
tion—a mere matter of calculation, a power now
existing in the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment. In every instance the Postmaster Gen-
eral decides which bid is most favorable for the
transportation of the mails on all the lines. The
Secretary of War decides which bid is the most
favorable for the transportation of Army supplies
and munitions of war; the Secretary of the Navy,
which bid is the most favorable for the famishing
of naval supplies. This bill only gives to the
President the same discretion, when the bids are
sent in in writing, to open and ascertain which is
the lowest bid and which is most favorable to the
Government for that transportation. Surely we
ought to be willing to intrust that limited power
to the President of the United States. The Gov-
ernment cannot exist without that discretion be-
ing placed somewhere, either in the President or
in the heads of Departments. We thought it was
better and wiser to have a united,single respons-
ibility, by putting it in the President alone, than
to have it divided among the different members of
the Cabinet, inasmuch as this transportation re-
lates part of it to the Post Office Department, part
of it to the War Department, part of it to the Navy
Department, and some of it perhaps to other De-
partments. We make a single head, a single re-
sponsibility, in deciding on these bids, by leferring
it to the President of the United States. I will
not detain the Senate; I thought this much due
to the Senator from Mississippi, who has made
the objection.
Mr. BROWN. I do not design to continue this
debate, but I call attention to the language of the
third section:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said proposals
shall be opened by the President, after due notice, in the
presence of lus Cabinet and such persons as may choose to
attend; and he is hereby authorized and directed to enter
into a contract for the transpoitation provided for in this
act with the parties whose pioposal *hall be by him deemed
most advantageous to the United States for the full and
complete peiformancp of saul contract, in compliance with
the provisions of this act."
'Shall be deemed most advantageous." Does
not that leave the whole matter to his discretion ?
'Does it not leave it perfectly unlimited? Why
propose bids? It does not require him to take the
lowest bid, or the bid of the lowest responsible
party, but he is to take that which is deemed by
him to be most advantageous. I think myself it
leaves the whole subject to his discretion.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I,gave notice
yesterday of my intention to offer some amend-
ments to this bill, and I rise now for the purpose
of suggesting them. Before I present the amend-
ments, however, I propose to submit some re-
marks upon the genera! merits of the bill, as well
as upon the amendments which I shall submit.
All agree as to the policy and importance, if
not the necessity, for a railroad communication
between the Atlantic States and the Pacific coast.
The very large and increasing travel of our own
citizens between the two sections, the rapidly
growingpopulation,wealth, and importance ofour
Pacific possessions, soon to form several powerful
and flourishing States of this Union; the immense
amount of mineral wealth which those and the
intermediate regions contain, and which is to be
extracted from the bowels of the earth for the ben-
efit of the whole people of the United States; the
increasing demands of commerce and social inter-
course between the two sections; the necessity of
protecting this vast region from the invasion of
hostile nations, with whicli we may hereafter be
at war, requiring the rapid and speedy transport-
ation of troops, supplies, and munitions of war,
from point to point—all conspire to urge the speedy
construction of that channel of communication
which shall bo the cheapest, quickest, most cer-
tain, and secure, between the Atlantic and Pacific
possessions of tiic United States. It is true that
we have now the transit routes by the way of Pan-
ama and Nicaragua, and may in the process of
time have others through the Central American
or Mexican Slates, but these are outside of the
United States and nearly entirely by sea. AQThilst
in peace our people who travel by them are sub-
ject to the capricious and arbitrary exactions of the.
foreign nations through which they pass; in time
of war, all the troops, supplies, and munitions
of war which we might find it necessary to send
to the Pacific coast for the defense of those States,
would necessarily encounter great dangerfromthe
enemy's ships, and fleets, rendering the trans-
portation extremely hazardous and costly j if not
entirely impracucable. These routes may be tem-
porarily used as a matter of present necessity, but
they cannot be relied up'on for permanent par-
poses.
The vast interests which may be at stake in
the event of war, and which may depend upon a
speedy and safe communication within the limits
of our own country, make it imperative that such
a communication should be established at the ear-
liest practicable period. It is also true that we
have several wagon roads, between the confines
of the Atlantic States and the Pacific, over which
people may travel, emigrants may find their way,
mails may be carried, and even troops and mu-
nitions of war may be transported; but the delay
and enormous expense of these routes render them
highly inconvenient in time of peace, and utterly
useless in time of war. The only speedy, cheap,
and certain communication for travel, mails, com-
merce, troops, and military stores, is by a rail-
road—a railroad which would convey any amount
of passengers and freight; which would carry all
the mail matter of the United States; which would
transport any number of troops or seamen from
its terminus on the Mississippi or Missouri river
to San Francisco in five days, and for at least one
third the cost of the present routes. The import-
ance and necessity of the work must be apparent
to, and conceded by, all honest and intelligent
men. How and when is such a great work to be
accomplished ?
The average distance from the Missouri or
Mississippi river (the probable eastern beginning
of such a railroad) to the Pacific ocean, is about
two thousand miles. I need not stop to enume-
rate the obstacles to be overcome, and the difficul-
ties to be encountered, in the construction Of the
road. It could not cost le*s than fifty millions
upon any route that has heretofore been surveyed,
or t hat is ever likely to be discovered. Upon some
of them it would cost double that sum. Such ap
undertaking is scarcely within the power of indi-
vidual enterprise and means. If there was an
abundance of capital, and no want of pub! ic spirit,
still no company of mdiv idual stockholders could
probably be found who would be willing to un
di'rtake such a gigantic work, to expend such a |
vast Bum, and run such dangerous risks in its j
construction, forthouncertain profits which would i
arise from w, at least for many years of Us early J
existence, it may well he considered certain, '
therefore, that without the aid of Government no
Pacific railroad can or will be built for a half cen-
tury to come.
When the vast country between the present in-
habited portions of the United* States on the east
and west, stretching fioni Nebraska, Kansas,
At kansas., and Texas, across the great plains and
the Rocky Mountains to Oregon and California,
shall bo MP tiled up by whites, and shall furnish
travel and mmernl or agricultural products for
rail road transportation, then, and not till then, will
individual wealth and enterprise be bold enough
to run the iron horse between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans over any route within the United
States. The important, pressing, and controlling
exigencies of the Federal Government and the
people of this country cannot wait upon so slow
a process. Time is important. The demands of
the public service are pressing. The great inter-
ests of commerce, of civilization, and of progress,
are calling loudly and sharply for action.
How is ihis great, essential, necessary avenue
of trade and travel to bcopcned.and m the shortest
possible time? It can only be done by the aid of
the Government. It may be done, in my opinion,
by the legitimate and reasonable aid of the brov-
ernment. In the bill now under consideration,
there are two modes by which governmental aid
is to be given to individual enterprise in the con-
struction of this desired work—one, a donation
of public lands; the other, a mail contract tor a
term of years, with certain amounts of payments
in advance, to be refunded back to the Govern-
ment in raihoad service. ,
It is proposed to make a donation, to any private
company which may engage to build theroadand
cari-y the United State's mails, troo,ps,.&<i.,, of the
alternate sections of the puMc Jwds for twenty
miles on each side of the ro'Std..' Tjtis w;0ijld_ giye
the company ten,sections oh ea$ pi" Jagfe
thousand eight hundred .acj'es'for ea^tt/n|i|e-.W
road constructed, . I do .not object, to 'thp^af- '
tity of land propose!} to be granted. Runnyi ,'tts
the road will, for four fiftlis of the way , or' tpqre,
through an uninhabited, and much of, it astei'ile
region, the lands would be worth nothing to the
Government without the road, and very^ little,
either to the Government or the company, with the
road, at least for many years to come; and if the
road adds value to the lands granted, the remain-
ing lands reserved by the Government will also
be enhanced in value, so that nothing will be Itfst
to the public Treasury by the operation.
I know, sir, that many personsdeny the*power
of Congress to make these grants to railroads.
Whilst ! have great respect for their opinions, I
cannot concur in them. I have not, and never had,
any doubt of the constitutional power ofCongresa
to make these grants. The power is given in the
Constitution in express terms:
" Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
It may sell, or lease, or give; if it sells or leases,'
it may fix the price and prescribe the terms*, it
may sell for cash, or on credit; itmay sell at pub-
lic auction, or privatesale; it may, in short, make
any disposition of it which, in its judgment, may
be for the interests of the United States.' The only
limit to its discretion is the obligation of, good
faith as a trustee to the cestui que trusts of the
property, to make the best bargain it can for the
benefit of the owners, within the bounds of hon-
esty and fair dealing. The public lands, either
in the States or Territories, are held by Congress
in trust for the several States, or the people of the
United" States. The power to dispose of them has
been conferred upon Congress; it is the duty of
Congress so to dispose of them as in its judgment
will most conduce to or promote the interests of
the,Government and people.
The whole matter is within the judgment of
Congress. If it judges unwisely, if it acts cor-
ruptly, if it fools away the property, thfc remedy
is in the hands of the people themselves. They
can dismiss the agents and appoint or elect new-
ones; they can pass sentence upon their unfaith-
ful servants at the ballot-box, and intrust their '
interests to safer and wiser and better men. But
whatever may be the temporary evils in the man-
agement and disposition of the public domain,
consequent upon or arising from the weakness or
corruption of those who are intrusted with its
management, the power to manage, control, and
i dispose of it, within a sound discretion, is dis-
! tinctly conferred in the Constitution upon Con-
',! gross. When, therefore, it is proposed to make
i: it grant of land to a railroad company-in advance
;] of its construction, the only question to be consid-
j; ered and determined by Congress, the trustee, is as
to the policy and expediency of the grant. Isitthe
best disposition,all things considered, that could
be made of the landsin question ? It is certainly the
fact that, in almost every case where lands are thus
given, either the road, without the grant, would not
be built at all, or would linger for many years in
its construction. In tBe mean time, the lands are
unsalable and unsold. Without facilities for travel
and transportation to market, emigration is slow,
population is sparse and poor, and the country
remains unsettled and uncultivated. Make the
grant of land, and thereby secure the early con-
struction of the road, and the country opened up
by it rises at once into importance and notice.
Emigration becomes active, population flows into
it, the lands rise in value, and the Government
sells its reserved sections foras much or more than
it could have got for the whole, without the road,
and sells them sooner. Does any injury result
to the cestui que truit by the operation ; Is one
dollar taken from the public Treasury ? Does not
the Government obtain a full and fair pirice for the
whole of the property ? Such is the direct result.
A d look at its collateral effects. The road is
built, an avenue of trade, commerce, convenience,
and travel is opened; population flows into the
adjoining country; property rises; agriculture,
commerce, and the arts, increase the wealth, pro-
mote the prosperity) and add to the po"wer ui the
