Mm
THE .€ONGRESSIOIf^L: GLOBE.
June 1,
the purpose of gratifying that spirit of political
• dishonesty which seeks to establish its own purity
and perfection by heaping disgrace and ridicule
upon those who are entitled to confidence and re-
spect. It seems to have become the peculiar
province of a certain party in this House, inde-
pendent of any action on the part of the coordi-
nate branch of the national Legislature, to set it-
self up as a conservator over the executive officers
of thisGovernment; to place upon the laws of the
Waited States its own construction; and to say to
the heads of the Departments: "You mustbe gov-
erned by that construction, or be branded as dis-
honest men, and incompetent to perform the
duties of your offices."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not one of those men
who believe that any political capital can be made
by attacking the honor and integrity of any man
who may differ from me in his political views. I
have a right to differ from him in his political
opinions; I have a right, if possible, to show that-
the doctrines wliich he seeks to establish are false
in principle, and dangerous in their tendency.
But, sir, until I can read the secrets of the human
heart, and, with the eye of Omniscience, behold
the hidden springs which move the judgment, I
have no right to question his motives, or to brand
him as a dishonest man.
Mr. Speaker, this system of indiscriminate per-
sonal abuse, among men differing in their politi-
cal views, has already created mischief enough
throughout this country. The time seems to have
arrived in the history of this Government, when,
no matter how pure or patriotic'a man may have
been, no matter how devoted to the interests of
his country or the welfare of the Union, if he
but suffers himself to be placed in any high offi-
cial position under this Government, he is com-
pelled to pass through a fiery ordeal most diffi-
cult to withstand. His honor, his character, and
even his ancestors, relatives, and friends, must all
be subjected to the taunts, the ridicule, and the in-
sults of party malice; so that a man who has any
character to lose may well tremble at the thought
of allowing himself to be placed in any official po-
sition within the gift of the Government or of the
people. It is not strange, sir, that it should al-
ready have become a matter of wonder and aston-
ishment, among civilized as well as barbarous
nations throughout the world, that Americans,
according to their own showing, should invaria-
bly place their most consummate scoundrels in
their most responsible offices.
Now, Mr. .Speaker, I know nothing about this
Fort Snelling case except what appears from the
report of the committee, and what 1 have gath-
ered from persons well acquainted with the prop-
erty disposed of, and with its value;and in speak-
ing upon this report, I shall view it, not so much
in the light of an expression of opinion on the
part of the gentlemen composing the majority of
that committee, as in the light of an electioneer-
ing political document for the benefitof the Repub-
lican party. The whole report, from the Iwginning
to the end, ill its statements and its arguments, in
its assumptions and conclusions, hears unmistak-
vJRblc evidence of being a deep-laid party scheme
Wink-nded to disgrace, in the eyes of the people,
one of the chief officers of the Government, whom
I believe to beas honestaman asever honored the
position of Secretary of War; and, sir, 1 am not
surprised that the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Morris,] although not particularly favoiable to
the present Administration, should have repudi-
ated the statements, reasonings, and arguments,
of his Republican associates upon that commit-
tee. J do not believe it possible for any man
having one drop of Democratic blood still left in
his veins to stamp with the seal of his approval
such a report as this.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mourns]
does not favor us with the reasonings which have
influenced his judgment. He merely gives his as-
sent, and sings us the song;
111 do 71ot like thee, J)r. Fell,
The icason why, I cannot toll;
But this I know, and know lull well,
I do not like thee, Dr. Fell."
Perhaps the gentleman will give us his views
hereafter. The first resolution reported by the
committee declares that the sale of Fort Snelling
was without authority of law. The arguments
upon which this charge is based are of such a pe-
culiar character that I cannot but allude to them.
The charge is thafe-the Secretary of War has vio-
lated the law of the land. The law which the com-
mittee say he has violated reads as follows:
« 5c it enacted, #e., That the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby,authorized, under the direction oftbe President
of the United States, to cause to be sold such mihtaiy sites
belonging to the United States as may have been found or
become useless for military purposes. And the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized, on the payment of the con-
sideration agreed for into the Treasury of the United States,
to make, execute, and deliver all needful instruments, con-
veying and transferring the same in fee; and the jurisdic-
tion which had been specially ceded for military purposes
to the United States by a State over such site or sites shall
hereafter cease.55
In March, 1857, this law was amended aafol-
lows:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act approved March 3,1819, entitled 'An act author-
izing the sale of certain military sites,' bo, and they are
hereby, extended to all military sites, or to such parts there-
of, which are or mav become useless for military purposes:
Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act, nor in the
act above mentioned, shall be so construed as to impair in
anywise the right of the State witlmi which any such site
or reservation may be situated, to impose taxes on the same,
in like maimer as upon other lands or property owned by
individuals within the State, after such sale."
Now, according to my understanding of the
English language, the Secretary of War, under
the direction of theJPresident of the United States,
in accordance with the law of 1819, as amended
in 1857, has full and unlimited power to sell any
military reservation now owned by the General
Government within the United States of America,
whenever he shall consider it no longer necessary
for the purposes of the Government. It is true
there is a limitation in this act that such military
reservations are only to be sold when they are no
longer necessary for military purposes. But who,
I ask, is to be the judge of the necessity of sell-
ing? Why, the committee would have you be-
lieve that some individual who was at tne head
of the War Department two or three years ago,
was now to be the judge of the necessity of the
case, and the Secretary of War must be governed
by his opinion. Or they would have us believe
that certain subordinate officers of the Army were
to be the judges of the law, or that certain Sena-
tors and members of Congress were to bo the
judges, or that even half a dozen land speculators
'in the West were to be the judge and jury to de-
cide upon this question, and that the Secretary of
War was to be bound by their decision.
I Mr. Speaker, I do not pretend to be a lawyer;
but there are some things which are so plain that
"a wayfaring man, though a fool, need not err
therein." And as every man can best illustrate
his views by comparisons drawn from some
business with which lie is intimately acquainted,
1 propose to illustrate this point of the case by
a railroad comparison. Suppose the directors of
a railroad company, finding that they had on hand
more cars and engines than were necessary for
the economical transaction of the business of the
road, should Jmss a resolution authorizing me,
under the direction of the president of the com-
pany, to sell such engines and cars, or any part
thereof, as were or might become unnecessary
for the purposes of the company: I take it that
under that resolution, I should have full power,
under the direction of the president of the road, to
dispose of any car or engine owned by the com-
pany, and that no court of justice on earth would
declare that sale to be illegal or void. " But,"
say this committee, " the sale would be illegal,
because there was another agent of the company
three or four yeais ago, who was clothed with
precisely the same power, who reported that no
engines or cars could be spared, and that they
were all necessary to transact the business of the
road." My answer to that would be, that was
the opinion of the first agent, but it is not my
opinion. His opinion, expressed three or four
years ago, when he desired to pursue one course
of policy, has no weight with me now, when I
propose to pursue a diife rent policy, particularly as
the business of the road has materially diminished
since that time, and is now constantly diminish-
ing. " Oh," say this committee, " the sale was
illegal, because you did not consult the superin-
tendent of the road. It is illegal because you did
not consult the engineers and firemen. It is ille-
gal because you did not consult the brakemen
and the laborers employed on the road. It is even
illegal because you did not consult the passen-
gers in the cars and the inhabitants upon the line
of the road." My answer to that would be that
I am authorized, by a resolution of the company,
to sell such cars and engines as are unnecessary
for their business. The same resolution which
authorizes me to sell, constitutes me the judge of
the necessity of selling; and when I desire your
advice, I will send for you.
Well, Mr. Speaker, we will suppose that I have
sold a car, and soon after it is discovered that the
very car which I sold is even now used by the
company in the transaction of their business.
" Ah !"say the committee, " the sale is evidently
illegal now, because the very fact that the company
are still using the car, is indisputable evidence
that it is not unnecessary for the transaction of their
business." My reply to thatwould be, that when
I sold the car, it was laden with freight, destined
for the other end of the road; and I made it one
of the conditions of the sale, that it should not be
delivered over to the purchaser until it was no
longer needed by the company for the transporta-
tion of that particular lot of freight; and I appre-
hend that most courts of justice would pronounce
that sale legal and binding, even though this com-
mittee should declare it null and void, because
the car was not standing empty on a side track-.
Now, Mr. Speaker, suppose that, soon after
that sale had taken place, the annual meeting of
the stockholders should be holden. What kind
of position, I ask you, would a committee, ap-
pointed by those stockholders to investigate the
sale of that car, occupy ? Should they bring in a
report, tbatforsuch reasons as these I had violated
my authority and made an illegal sale, particularly
if it should be known that the gentlemen making
that report belonged to a party which was seeking
to disgrace me and drive me from the company,
for the purpose of taking the control and manage-
ment of the affairs of the road into their own
hands, I think, sir, that they would occupy about
as favorable a position as that political party which,
through its agents, has the boldness to assert that,
for such reasons as these, the Secretary of War
has violated the laws of the land.
There can be no doubt of the legality of this
sale, so far as the Secretary of War was con-
cerned. The same authority which authorized
him to sell constituted him the judge of the neces-
sity of selling. If he chose to act upon his own
judgment, he had the legal right to do so. If there
is anything in a. public officer which I admire, it
is that spirit of independence which prompts him
not to* be governed too much by the advice and
opinions of fawning sycophants and interested
advisers, but to rely upon the dictates of his own
sound judgment. Nothing in the character of
that immortal hero, General Jackson, commended
lnm so much to the admiration, the confidence,
and the affection of the American people, as that
indomitable will, self-reliance, and fixedness of
purpose, which induced him to take upon himself
the responsibility, and to administer the laws in
such manner as his own sense of justice and right
declared to be for the best interests of the coun-
try; and I, sir, for one, am glad to know that we
have at the head of the Department of War a man
who possesses, to some extent, at least, the qual-
ities of the illustrious Jackson.
The committee, after passing judgment upon
the law in the first resolution, proceed, in the sec-
ond resolution, to denounce the action of the Sec-
retary of War as a grave official error, because
lie differed in opinion from his predecessor in
office, and from certain subordinate officers in the
Army, and relied upon his own judgment and
the judgment of twodisintcrested commissioners.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that I have already shown
that he had the legal right to rely on his own
'judgment. I doubt very much the propriety of
his being governed too much m his action by the
advice and opinions of those Army officers who
were stationed upon the very ground which it
was proposed to sell.
The committee, in their report, lay great stress
upon the fact that these Army officers who testi-
fied that this reservation was no longer required
by the government, and should not have been
sold, were stationed upon the very ground, and
knew all about it, while those officers who testified
to the contrary opinion had only passed over it
occasionally. These very circumstances confirm
to my mind the wisdom of the course pursued by
the Secretary of War. Army officers are a good
deal like other men. They like very well to be
stationed near to a large and populous city, where
