544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
("June 7,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
American Piracy—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
holding Cabinet. He was therefore constrained
to speak and act for the slave trade; or, if he re-
fused such action, he would be constrained to
resign his o£5ce. He preferred the former course,
and the intellect of that great man, who had been
the pride of the free States, was wow exerted to
carry out the doctrines for which a few months
previously he had declined voting. It was a great
victory for the slave power. Christianity then
lost one of its ablest champions. Forgetful of
ths-t eternal justice which sits enthroned above all
earthly power, he sent instructions to our Minis-
ter at London to demand of the British Govern-
ment compensation for the loss which the slave-
dealers had sustained. In these instructions he
assumed the whole theory of Mr. Calhoun, and
even characterized the persons who had most
righteously gained their liberty as mutineers and
murderers.' Pardon me if I speak frankly. My
lips were then sealed, under the gag-rules of this
body; I was not permitted to utter the emotions
of my soul in regard to this slave trade. I con-
sulted with my venerable friend, Mr. Adams.
He felt the outrage as keenly as mortal could
realize it. I proposed that he should present to
the House resolutions declaring the law of nations
and of ihe Constitution. I shall never forget his
manner and appearance as he assured me that he
was old; that the influence of Mr. Webster was
great; that the contest would occupy years of
severe labor; that he could not expect to live long
enough to get the public attention turned to it.
1 drew upaseriesof resolutions on the subject,
stating what I believed to be the established law
of nations, and the constitutional duty resting
upon Congress to abstain from all support of this
slave trade. They were prepared with much cau-
tion and study. They were submitted to Mr.
Adams for his consideration. He approved them.
I presented them to this House. They may be
found at length on the Journal of this body for
the 21st March, 1842. They denied, in the most
emphatic language, the right of the Executive, or
of Congress, or of this Government, to involve
the people of the free States in a war to maintain
a commerce in human flesh. To that doctrine I still
adhere; I reiterate the sentiment; I tell the Pres-
ident and the Senate that a war in support of the
slave trade, either African or American, will not
be sanctioned by the people, nor by any civilized
or Christian nation.
The scenes which followed the presentation of
my resolutions called public attention to the sub-
ject. The press spoke out; the people reflected and
discussed the subject, and for a time the Senate
became silent in regard to it. The British Min-
ister ceased for a time to be cajoled or misled to
the support of this "American slave trade,"* and
for a time I believed the downward tendency of
our Government toward its present position was
stayed. Great Britain pursued a steady and
Christian course, usin^ her best efforts to suppress
this commerce. She induced Prance and Russia
and Austria and Prussia to unite with her in grant-
ing to the armed vessels of each nation, while
cruising within certain degrees of latitude, near
the African coast, leave tosearc/ithe suspected ships
of the others, for the purpose of detecting those
* engaged in this piratical slave trade. Lord Aber-
deen appropriately styled it "a holy alliance,"
but our Government refused to become a party to
this arrangement, and thereby brought upon itself
the well-founded suspicion of encouraging the
slave trade. It was notorious among the nations
of the earth that we were maintaining an Amer-
ican slave trade. Both were founded on a denial
of the law of nature, the rights of humanity; both
rested upon the same infidelity to God and to
mankind. All men saw, and all men now feel,
that it is most inconsistent for us to maintain and
encourage this slave trade upon our own coast,
and condemn as pirates those engaged in the same
trade upon the African coast.
Our present Secretary of State was then Min-
* For fourteen vt-ars the claims of our Government in be-
half of the slave dealers on boaid the Enterprise and Creole
were resisted by the British Ministry. But Mr. Pierce,
while i'lesident. induced them to submit the question of
indemnity to an umpire, who is said once to have been a
<Mt,zen of Boston. lie adopted the doctrine of the Senate
and ol Mr. Webster, and in 1&>4 decieed full indemnity to
these wieti, so richly'Ueseivm^ the gallons.
ister at Paris, and he, as a representative of our
Government, wrote and spoke, and used his entire
influence, against the quintuple treaty referred to;
and as it became more generally known that we
favored the African as well as the American slave
trade, pirates frequenting the African coast adopt-
ed our flag; as it would protect them from search
when near the African coast.
In July, 1842, Lord Ashburton arrived in this
city, as Minister Plenipotentiary of the British
Crown, specially appointed and authorized to
treat with ourGovernment on pending difficulties.
Mr. Webster, Secretary of State, in his first
official communication with his lordship, dated
August 1,1842, before alluding to any other mat-
ters, entered into a long and elaborate argument
to induce his lordship to enter into some treaty
regulations for securing those engaged in our
American slave trade from sustaining loss when
their ships happen to be wrecked on British isl-
ands, or driven by stress of weather into British
ports. He mentioned the two cases of the Creole
and Enterprise, to which I have referred, and
urged the propriety of making provision for se-
curing slave-dealers when thus unfortunate. The
proposition, if adopted, would have been a repeal
of the tenth article of the treaty of Ghent, by
which both Governments had bound themselves
to " use their best endeavors to entirely abolish the
traffic in slaves." It would have reversed that
covenant, and bound them to use their best en-
deavors to support the " traffic in slaves."
Thus, sir, our own records, the records of Great
Britain, bear proof to the efforts of our nation, in
favor of this traffic inslaves; in favor of providing,
by treaty stipulation, for its permanent protection
and encouragement. Would, sir, that this record
were expunged from existence; that this disgrace
of our nation could be blotted from the moral
universe. But, thanks to Lord Ashburton, thanks
to the British nation for their adherence to Chris-
tianity, and their resistance of this heathenish,
this barbarous commerce in the bodies of women
and children. Lord Ashburton refused to enter
upon such a negotiation, and thereby saved our
nation from the proposed disgrace,and,bringing
the power of truth and of Christianity to bear
upon Mr. Webster, he obtained a further stipu-
lation from our Government against this com-
merce, and covenant to carry out the objects
avowed in the treaty of Ghent.
But no sooner had this solemn covenant been
entered into, than all other and collateral influ-
ences of the Executive were exerted for the pro-
tection and encouragement of this African as well
as American commerce.
All now present recollect the case of the Amis-
tad, a Spanish slave ship. Her cargo had been
imported from Africa in June, 1840, for the Cu-
ban market. The Amistad took fifty-three of
these people on board at Havana, with the inten-
tion of carrying them to Principe, on the south
side of that island. Those ignorant Africans
spurned the doctrines of our Senate, our Secre-
taryof State, our Executive, and of those Spanish
pirates; and, obeying the divinity which prompted
each heart, they stood forth in the dignity with
which God had clothed them. By the physical
power with which they were endowed, they as-
serted their God-given prerogatives of liberty.
The captain and cook endeavored to carry out the
doctrines of our Senate; but the negroes, by the
dim light of their own moral natures, pronounced
the men who attempted to enforce such doctrines,
pirates; and the captain and cook were tried, con-
demned, and executed, in less time than I have
occupied in relating the incident. They then took
possession of the ship, sent the crew on shore,
and directing the two slave-dealers whom they
retained to navigate the ship to Africa, were be-
trayed, the pirates directing the ship's course to
our own shores.
As soon as they came within the jurisdiction of
the United States, they were arrested by author-
ity of our Government. Instead of being hospi-
tably entertained, they were placed on trial, and
the Spanish pirates set free. The Executive, with
all these facts before him, sent a national ship of
war to the coast of Connecticut, with orders to
take these victims of the African slave trade on
board at the earliest possible moment after the
court should refuse to give them their liberty,
and to transport them back to Cuba at the expense
of our people, and deliver them over to the pirates
who claimed them.
But thanks to our judiciary, it had not then
become so corrupt as to declare that " Africans
have no rights that white men are bound to respect."
They ordered the Africans set free; and the Ex-
ecutive was defeated. But Mr. Polk, Mr. Pierce,
and Mr. Buchanan have had the consummate
effrontery repeatedly to advise Congress to com-
pensate those Spanish pirates from the pockets of
the laborers of our nation; and I will not disguise
the fact, the Senate have almost as often attempted
to carry out the Executive recommendation, by
passing bills to pay these Spanish slave-dealers,
and render the African slave trade honorable.
But this body has, in* every instance, defeated
such attempts.
By the treaty of Washington of 1842, we cov-
enanted to supply a naval force of eighty guns to
be stationed along the African coast, with orders
to use their efforts to arrest all pirates engaged in
the slave trade. This treaty was published to
the world, but the manner of executing it is not
so well understood by our people. It is said, by
men who possess intelligence on the subject, that
we have never sent to that coast a ship or vessel
worthy to be employed in that service. On this
point we have no record evidence; but the prom-
inent fact that our ships thus employed have en-
tirely failed to accomplish the object contempla-
ted, is known and read of all men. It is said they
have captured some three or four slave ships,
while the British ships of equal force have cap-
tured as many scores. We know the zeal and
ability and ambition of our officers and seamen;
and if the Executive had given them ships adapt-
ed to the service, and expressed to them his de-
sire to see this stave trade abolished, they would
never have fallen behind the British in this duty.
No stronger evidence of bad faith in pretending
to carry out this treaty could have been placed on
record.
At that period of our history the Executive be-
fan a system of efforts to relieve African slave-
ealers from the odium of piracy, which our en-
actments and those of other nations had placed
upon them.
In 1841, our Minister at London remonstrated
with Lord Palmerston against the practice of
armed ships engaged in suppressing the slave
trade visiting vessels sailing under the flag of the
United States, to ascertain their nationality. I
repeat, that in all past time this practice had been
followed by the armed ships of all civilized na-
tions, when cruising for pirates. As shown at
the opening of my remarks, it wast conceded by all
nations, it was practiced by all nations. It was
then, is now, and ever will be, the law of nations.
Our Minister attempted to confound this right,
however, with the right of search.
By this use of terms he was enabled to prolong
the discussion. Senate document No. 377, First
Session Twenty-Ninth Congress, gives incon-
testable proof of the ability of our Minister to
misunderstand the clearest definition of rights and
terms. Mr. Stevenson declared the visitation of
a cruiser to a ship, for the purpose of learning
whether it was a pirate at war with all mankind,
or an American vessel entitled to protection under
the United States flag, was nothing less than the
right of search, so odious to the American peo-
ple. To this, the Earl of Aberdeen replied, in
somewhat emphatic language:
" The undersigned again renounces, as lie lias already
done, in the most explieit terms, any right on the part of
the British Government to search American vessels m time
of peace. The sole purpose of the British cimsers is to as-
ceitain whether the vessels they meet are really American
or not. The right asserted has m truth no resemblance to
the light ot search, either m principle or m practice. It is
simply a light to satisfy the party, who has a legitimate in-
terest in Knowing the truth, ihat the vessel is actually what
her colors announce. This right we concede as freely as
we exercise." * * * u It is possible that this
right may be wantonly and vexatiously used ; and if, in spite
of the utmost caution, any American vessel should suffer
loss and mjuiy, U would be followed by prompt and ample
reparation
Yet our Federal Executive, through our Min-
ister at London, has continued to protest against
the interruption of' vessels sailing under the
American flag, to ascertain whether they be pirates
or not; and the influence, the moral power, of the
