1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. .GLOBE.
2607
the conveniences and luxuries of life are close at
hand; where there is society for themselves, their
wives, and their daughters; and when it is pro-
posed to sell such a site, and there is a fair pros-
pect that they will be removed hundreds of miles
into the interior, where there is no society but
Indiansand bears, it is notstrange that they should
be of opinion that such a reservation should not
be disposed of, but that it was extremely important
for the military defenses of the country. "Why,
sir, I would just as soon rely on the judgment of
the people immediately round a little county post
office, sityated in the distant corner of a town,
to decide whether the people of the whole town
would not be better accommodated by removing
the office nearer to the center of population. How-
ever honest they might be, their judgment would
certainly be biased by their interest.
I regard, therefore, the opinions of such men
as entitled to little weight. The question as to
whether the Secretary of War committed a grave
official error or not, can beat be decided by the
result accomplished; and for that purpose, the
evidence of officers, and others, taken since the
sale, is just as good, and entitled to just as much
weight, as the evidence of persons taken previous
to the sale. The report of this committee, and
the evidence presented with that report, shows
most conclusively, that as many, if not more, re-
liable persons, both in civil and military life, have
given it as their opinion that this reservation was
no longer required for any military purpose what- 1
ever, as have testified to the contrary. The Sec-
retary of War must have known, from the very
<?jrcumstances of the case, that this was a ques-
tion upon which officers and others would differ;
and knowing this, he did just as he ought to have
done, and just as the law authorized him to do—
relied on his own judgment.
I think, Mr. Speaker, fiat a little common sense
in matters of this kind is sometimes extremely
valuable, and it does appear to me that if the ma-
jority of the committee had thought less of party
capital, and looked more at the facts and the evi-
dence in the case, they would ha\e been inclined
to agree with me. Why, sir, there is not a man,
woman, or child in this counti y, who knows any-
thing of its situation and condition, who does not
know that a military post within ten miles of St.
Paul is no more necessary to protect the inhab-
itants against the incursions of the Indians, than it
is in the very center of the State of Connecticut.
This reservation is situated in the midst of the
most populous portion of a State which we have
just admitted into this U nion, with population suf-
ficient to entitle her to three Representatives; ami
yet this committee would have us believe that the
discontinuance of this post was to let in hordes
of savage Indians to murder and massacre the
defenseless inhabitants at St. Paul, St. Anthony,
and Minneapolis.
I think, sir, that not a person who has testified
in this case has expressed the opinion that this
reservation was any longer needed for any pur-
pose whatever, except as a depot for supplies. To
my mind, that is about as ridiculous an idea as
that it is required for military defense, if it is to
be used as a depot for supplies, it must be used
to furnish those posts lying north and northwest
of it. But it is shown by this report, and the evi-
dence contained therein, most conclusively, that
those posts lying at the north would be much
better and more cheaply supplied by the way of
Fond-du-Lac, on Lake Superior. The commit-
tee, then, would have you purchase supplies at
St. Paul, or St. Anthony, transport them ten or
fifteen miles to this military depot, unload them,
put them into storehouses, lock the doors, keep
a company of soldiers and bevy of officers tostand
guard over them, take them outagain in the morn-
ing, and send them on their way to the frontier
posts; and this, I presume, the committee call
economy.
Why, sir, I am surprised that the committee
did not report an additional resolution recom-
mending the purchase of ground and the erection
of military depots ten miles west of St. Louis, in
order to furnish the western posts. If it is so ex-
tremely important to have a military depot within
ten or twelve miles of St. Paul, where military
stores can be purchased at all seasons of the year,
that the Secretary of War must be accused before
the country and the whole world of violating the
law of the land, and of committing a grave offi-
cial error in having disposed of it, he is much
more responsible in not having recommended to
Congress the purchase of the ground and the
erection of storehouses within ten miles of St.
Louis, whence many stores are to be forwarded
to the western posts. The idea of establishing
military depots within ten or twelve miles of points
where stores can be purchased at all seasons of
the year, and of transporting them a few miles
from the point of purchase to a military depot,
unloading them, reloading them, and then for-
warding them to the frontier posts, is about as
ridiculous a thing as can well be conceived.
The claim is all a subterfuge and a pretense.
There is no reason, no common sense in it. And
yet the Secretary of War must be charged with
being incompetent for the discharge of his duties,
and as having committed a grave official error,
because he has not given his sanction to such a
system as that. So impressed are the committee
with the magnitude of this groat official error, that
they are Ied~to use the following language:
" Tins was mote limn anenor. It was a fault affectmgthe
mo^t inteuvtuig blanch of the public set vice, and where
incauuon, want of judgment, and want of skill, are Ica^t ex-
cu>able. In cases where piotest-ional and technical judg-
ment i.-. of so much tmpoi tancc, Mich a fact as has been
stated, from whatever cause oi want of cau-e it ptoceeds,
is enough to occasion j11 -r difttusr of the competent man-
agement oflliat hianclt of the Administration eltatged with
the whole powci of national delonse and offense."
Let the country judge of the justice or injustice
of these attacks and insinuations. I, for one, am
perfectly satisfied that the sale was not only legal,
but that the Secretary of War was in duty bound
to dispose of it, it being no longer required for
any military purpose whatever.
The committee seem to have been laboring un-
der the idea that they were not merely to investi-
gate the sale of Fort Snelling, but were to lay
down rules and regulations for the government of
the Secretary of War and his subordinate officers;
and ill doing this they seem to have discovered
some new lights which have heretofore been con-
cealed from the visions of American statesmen,
and which aro now, for the first time, revealed to
the majority of this investigating committee.
That is", that the head of the Department of War
is, m reality, and should be regarded as the tail,
and that the Secretary of War should be the mere
tool in the hands of his subordinate officers, to do
their bidding; and, in that connection, they use
the following language:
'• It is giantcd that, by law, the Secretary of War is the
supenor and head of the whole rmlitniy service of tin; emm-
t2-y. But practically he is not —not an popular judgment
in ere! v, but because, in laet, without reierence to in* ofii-
eial po-ition, he lias but a minor prm in projecting and ex-
ecuting matters of strategy. IIis office is lafher adminis-
tiative than executive ; and m the absence of the legal idea
that lie is the chief of the Atiny, with no pupenor hut the
Piesident, his office might be considered civil and not mil-
itary.5'
Upon the same ground, I suppose the commit-
tee would hold that the heads of all the other De-
partments, including the President, were to be
but mere tools in the hands of their subordinate
officers; and, by following out the same process
of reasoning, that the highest subordinate officers
were to be governed in their action by the decis-
ions of tlie officers next in rank, and so on down
through the scale, until the very lowest officials
and the common soldiers should become the su-
preme judges and executors of the law. They
seem to go a good deal upon the principle of the
little boy who claimed that he was king, because,
though his father was in reality king, yet his
mother ruled father, and he ruled mother. But I
do not regard it as averygood doctrine to teach,
either to children or to subordinate officers, that
they are to set themselves up as dictators to pre-
scribe rules and regulations for the government of
their superiors.
Sir, I believe that the Secretary of War is not
only in law, but in fact, the head and front of the
military force of this country, and has been so
regarded by the people and statesmen of this
country, from the organization of the Govern-
ment down to the present time.
The third resolution of the majority of the com-
mittee reads as fellows:
" 3. That with a knowledge of the great value of the Fort
Snelling post and re^eivation, and the importance of great
caution and judgment in making the sale, the Secretaiy of
War appointed as agents for the purpose; unqualified, in-
experienced, and incompetent men. *'
Now, sir, I have no acquaintance with either
of the gentlemen appointed upon the commis-
sion, although I do know one" of them*,-Major
Eastman, very well by reputation; and-1 should
require something more than such a report as has
emanated from this committee to convince my
mind that he and his associate were- not fully
qualified to perform the duties of their appoint-
ment. The principal objection to Mr. Heiskell
seems to be that ne is a Democrat, instead of a
Republican; and the committee appear to be won-
derfully exercised in mind because the Secretary
of War did not appoint a political and personal
enemy instead of a political friend and neighbor.
The committee, in this connection, see fit to
lumber up their report with a jovial conversation
held between the Secretary of War and his old
neighbor in Virginia, in regard to some of their
old'political contests, all of which is lugged into
this report, having no bearing upon the case, for
110 other purpose whatever except to throw ridi-
cule upon tiie Secretary of War. Then follows
a long disquisition upon the impropriety of .ap-
pointing political friends to office, from which I
suppose they would have us infer that the Re-
publican party, if they ever get the control of this
Government, will only discharge those Democrats
from office who are found to be either dishonest
or incompetent to perform their duties. When
that time arrives, and our Republican friends
practice what they preach, I shall be inclined to
view with more favor thisgratuitous lecture. The
evidence in regard to Mr. Heiskell, if it proves
anything, proves that he was a plain, honest,
unpretending man, not mixed up ifrith any of the
land speculations in the western country, but
standing entirely aloof and independent from all
connection with land speculators; and that the
Secretary of War appointed him, not so much on
account of political and personal friendship, but
because he knew, of his own knowledge, that he
was an honest man, and well qualified to attend
to the duties of his appointment. \
It wot-tld seem, Mr. Speaker, that this exhibi-
tion of party malice would have satisfied our Re-
publican friends upon that committee; but not con-
tent with this, they have descended to even a lower
depth of party meanness by instilling into their
report comments upon a letter addressed by a
Vermont Democrat, formerly a member of Con-
gress, to the. Secretary of War, in which he sets
up <i claim that, on account of old party services,
| and on account of the peculiar position of the coun-
I try in which he lesides, he is entitled to make a
I good bargain out of the sale of Port Snelling; and
: the committee, after insinuating in their report
that the Secretary of War acknowledged the jus-
tice of his claim, and coincided with him in his
opinion, illustrate the injustice of the charge by
admitting that no answer was ever made to this
letter, or to many others of a similar character.
Why then, 1 ask, incorporate this into the body
of their report? A few attacks of this kind are
I enough to mark the whole report as nothing but
a miserable electioneering political document, un-
worthy of the consideration of a deliberative body.
I do not know who would have been regarded -
by the committee as suitable persons to have con-
ducted the sale; but, judging from the tenor of t
their report, I presume they would have selected
two western land speculators, who would have
divided the resetvation up into lots and squares;
who would have flooded the country with paper
maps, showing the lots all numbered, and the
streets all graded, with many magnificent build-
ings already erected, and many others in process
of construction, with a note at the bottom, stating
that it is expected the county seat will soon be
removed to this new city, by which means, some
weak brethren might have been deceived, a high
price obtained for the land, and many honest peo-
ple sorely cheated. I do not think that is the way
for this Government to do business.
A large portion of this report seems to be taken
up with a history of the transactions between the
parties interested in the purchase; what Mr. Ma-
ther was doing, what Mr. Schell was doing, and
what Dr. Graham was thinking about. But not
one particle or scintilla of evidence is produced to
show that the Secretary of War, or either one of
the commissioners had the most remote idea in
the world that any living man except Mr. Steele
was interested in the purchase, or that any com-
bination was formed; and yet insinuations are
thrown out all through this report that the Sec-
