1858.]
APPENDIX TP TIJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
35th Cong....1st Sess. Expenditures and Revenues of the Nation—Mr. Phillips.
{Jo. Qf 1^E?S.
Administration, has been exerted for the protec-
tion of the very traffic which w.e profess to hold
in utter abhorrence.
Slave ships are, and for many years have been,
built in our own ports, under the very eye of the
Administration. Indeed, it is said, and I believe
with perfect.truth, that more ships, no>y employed
in the Airican plave trade, were built in the United
Slates than in. all other portions of the vvorld. We
know that in every sea-port.there are many officers
of Government who would be vigilant and ambi-
tious to learo the character of every vessel built
in such port, if conscious that the President de-
sired such information; and the fact that he per-
mits slave ships to be built, and furnished, and
sent out, is- conclusive evidence that he is in favor
of the practice. 0
Again: the Democratic press of the South—
those friendly to the Administration—proclaim
the restoration of the African slave trade a favorite
political measure. Southern Senators have urged
the withdrawal of our naval force from the African
coast, in order that we should not appear to hold
the African slave trade in abhorrence; and Dem-
ocratic members of both Houses of Congress urge
its restoration.
Within the past year, v/e were informed by the
southern press that slaves dircct from Africa were
landed upon our southern coast. Southern con-
ventions for years have publicly discussed the
propriety of restoring this slave trade. They pro-
pose to carry our Government back to the posi-
tion occupied a century since by the British King
—to restore the barbarous practices of a darker
age; and their only hesitation in making this doc-
trine a test of Democracy appears to arise from
the fact that it would be unpopular in the free
States.
Our present controversy arises from a disposi-
tion on the pas't of our Government to respect the
slave trade—to render it honorable, instead of
treating it as piracy, and those engaged in it as
pirctes; and strange to say, the entire Senate ap-
pears converted to his doctrine. As a nation, as
a Government, we have declared its character, and
proclaimed an exterminating war upon all who are
engaged in it. We have declared them enemies to
mankind, outlaws worthy of death. They are so
regarded and treated by other nations. To carry
on this war, we are bound to contribute all reason-
able aid and assistance. Every citizen'of this
Union is bound to aid in this war for the rights of
our common nature. And I declare it the duty of
every captain, every offieerand sailor, who holds
our flag sacred, to aid in preserving it from the
dishonor to which the present Administration is
seeking to prostitute it. It is their duty, when
suspected of piracy, to cheerfully relieve them-
selves of such suspicion by making their true
character understood; and I assert that it is the
right of every JBntish, French, Russian, Aus-
trian, or Prussian cruiser, or the cruiser of any
other nation, while seeking to destroy these out-
laws, to demand of any American ship, or the
ship of any other nation, her true character,
whether she be a pirate, or entitled to protection
under the flag she bears; while our own cruisers
hold the same indisputable right to learn the
character of any, and of all, suspected ships sail-
ing under the flag of any other nation. If our
Administration be determined to modify this law
of nature and of nations, this principle of justice,
of evident propriety, they will find insurmount-
able difficulties. I trust, 1 hope, the British Min-
istry will not rccede from its position. They are
acting for humanity. The feelings and sympa-
thies of the Christian world are with them in their
efforts to eradicate this piracy from the earth.
Truth and justice are with them. That higher
law of eternal righteousness which sways the des-
tinies of nations and of the world is with them.
1 would not place our Government in opposition
to these attributes of the Creator. I would bring
it into harmony with those principles of justice,
those laws which govern the moral world.
I know the vastness of our cause. We are
constrained to meet the machinations of the slave
power at every step of our progress. Let us meet
them boldly, candidly, truthfully. Let us con-
secrate ourselves to this holy work of separating
and purifying our Government and people from
this piracy, this moral contagion which now
New Series—No. 35.
poisons all the veins and arteries of this mighty
nation, $nd must, if not soon stayed in its prog-
ress, prqduce political and moral death to the
body corporate.
THE EXPENDITURES AND REVENUES OF THE
NATION.
SPEECH OF HON. H. Mi PHILLIPS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 12, 1858.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PHILLIPS said;
Mr. Chairman: Much has been said against
the party of which I am a member that, in my
judgment, ought not to go unanswered: error,
not corrected, is often accepted as truth; and, at
this late period, I avail myself of the indulgence
granted me of thus addressing the Committee for
the purpose of repelling from the Democratic
party some of the charges that several Republican
members have sought to fasten upon it. The
proclaimed principles of the two branches of the
Opposition prevent their uniting on any real plat-
fotm; reform (aitificial and pretended reform
only) is therefore attempted to be declared as
the doctrine in the broad and unmeaning princi-
ples of which their differences may be concealed.
Mr. Chairman, the key-note of opposition to
the Democratic party has been loudly sounded
by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman;] his purpose could not be misunder-
stood; his speech was carefully and elaborately
prepared; it was doubtless intended as a campaign
speech, and as proclaiming the doctrines of the
Opposition, nominally to the Democratic Admin-
istration, but really to the Democratic party. Be-
lieving, as I do, that the harmony of the Union,
its prosperity, and its permanency, depend upon
the Democratic party, and that without the one
there cannot be the other, I deem it a fitting sub-
ject on which to address this Committee of the
Whole that has under its consideration the Union
generally.
The adoption of the Federal Constitution was
followed by the administration of George Wash-
ington foreight years. Theunanimity with which
he was called to the executive chair, the confi-
dence felt in his patriotism and sagacity, pre-
vented the formation of parties, which, however,
soon ensued in the successorship of John Adams.
Then, for the first time, was the germ of the Dem-
ocratic party; but it was reserved for Thomas
Jefferson to give it shape and name, and to put
upon a permanent basis that Democratic party
of the nation which still lives. The perils that
environed it at its formation, in the infamous at-
tempt to elevate Aaron Burr to the presidency,
but served to strengthen itat its birth, and it then
came into action, and began its mission with the
strength of a full grown and not an infant party.
It was the Democracy of that day that called forth
and obtained the extension of territory in the pur-
chase of the Louisiana Territory, as it was re-
served for the Democracy of the next Adminis-
tration to admit into the {Jnion one of the States
formed out of it—Louisiana. These acts were
violently opposed by the opponents of the Democ-
racy; the same epithets were used, were lavishly
applied; the same denunciations were heaped; the
same menaces made; but the Democratic party
pursued the even tenor of its way; felt itself right;
was reckless of temporary consequences; and
strengthened the Union by these glorious acces-
sions.
A more severe trial awaited it in the days of
James Madison. It had made war upon the great-
estPower in the world—GieatBritain; ithad sent
forth its hundreds to fight the myriads of Eng-
land; its straggling ships to contend with mighty
navies, a work of danger and of doubt; but na-
tional honor had been invaded, and the Demo-
cratic party recognized the patriotic doctrine of
" death before dishonor," and pushed forward
the contest. Then, as now, its enemies stopped
to calculate the cost, to proclaim the danger, and
to denounce those who had done these things;
and for a time gloom did pervade the nation; but
i the glorious successes of our arms, the brilliant
1 victories of our soldiers and our sailors, and. a
treaty which, for the first time, recognized the
United States as an equal in the rank of nations
with its haughty foe, established the correctness
of the course pursued by the Democratic party,
I have not the time', within the hour to whick the
rules iirnit me, to dilate upon these things, nor
even to notice many of them; but, coming down
to more recent times, the recollection is fresh of
the opposition to the election of Andrew Jackson,
to the removal of the deposits from the United
States Bank, to the downfall of that institution,
to the establishment of an independent Treasury,
to the war with Mexico, and to the revenue re-
forms, all under Democratic Administrations.
Each of these measures it was solemnly and se-
riously declared would ruin thecountry; yetwho
dares now to assert the impropriety of any one
of them ?
The merj who now oppose the Democratic party
were in opposition then, and the people fright-
ened by the terrific exaggerations and persuaded
by the specious promises more than once yielded
—deserted the Democratic standard, suffered the
party to be defeated, yet on every occasion its
downfall was but momentary, tjie flash of oppo-
sition serving to show sufficiently plainly the
perils of its power and the people never failed at
the eailiest moment to preserve the country from
its impending danger, and to rescue the Demo-
cratic party by most signal victory. There have
been Opposition Administrations,but as the pol-
icy of the country has been Democratic* and must
continue to be Democratic, these interjected Op-
positions have but served to retard the progress
and growth which follow the Democratic rule.
Wiil any one deny that the increase of the nation
from thirteen weak and puny colonies, to thirty-
two strong and giant States is the work of the
Democratic party? or that the present elevated
position of the country throughout the world has
the same origin? If any one be so disposed,let
him, at least, in denying this, ascribe it to some
other source which he shall name and describe.
The mission of-the Democratic party, Mr. Chair-
man, has been to make this country and to pre-
serve it. The history of its three fourths of a cen-
tury of existence js significant of the means of per-
petuating the Union, and by its example spread
throughout a continent, at least, its free institu-
tions. I appeal, then, to my Democratic friends
to allow no present discontentor disaffection to
induce them to desert the Democratic standard or
rally round any other; and if they find subject of
complaint, let them
'• rather bear the ills they have
Than fly to others that they know not of."
It is said of Henry Clay, that, in a canvass for
reelection to Congress, he encountered an old
huntsman, with whom he had been brought up,
who told him that he could not again vote for
him, because he had advocated a measure to
which the hunter was opposed. Mr. Clay rea-
soned with him, in that good-humored and win-
ning way which so characterized him, but in vain;
in vain he recapitulated the many things which
he had done that were acceptable. The hunter
recognized all these, but was inexorable. Mr.
Clay passed from the subject, and, walking on
some lime, he began talking about his compan-
ion's family; then he inquired about his hunting;
asking him if he was as good a shot as ever, and
what rifle he had. The huntsman told him he
! still had old Joe, which he had so long used,
t " But," said Mr. Clay," does it nevermiss fire ?"
j| 44 Yes, of course it does, sometimes," was the
reply. "Then," said Mr. Clay, "if it ever
! missed fire you threw it away did you not—eh?
! or what did you do ?" at the same time looking
I him fixedly in the eye. The old man understood
; the point of the inquiry, burst into tears, and
: seized Mr. Clay's hands, exclaiming, " Why, I
| picked the flint and tried itagain; and,by Harry,
j I'll try you again!" Now, if there are any who
i think that the Democratic gun has missed fire, let
I them pick its flint and try it again. They can
I do no better with a change. They will have
! plenty of cause of complaint with new allies, and
; will have sclf-rcproaches hereafter, as many of
i them probably have serious doubts and misgiv-
!i ings now.
