1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
take its route and build its road if it can. With
these views, which I have expressed as rapidly
as possible, 1 shall offer the amendment when I
get the opportunity to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the time has
gone by long since when it was either necessary
or profitable to discuss the necessity and import-
ance, or the feasibility of a railroad to connect the
Atlantic States with the Pacific. I think that,
with the exception of a very small portion of Con-
gress, there is a general agreement here, as well
as in the country, thata railroad is necessary, and
ought to be built; and I think it has been scientif-
ically demonstrated to the satisfaction of a very
large majority of Congress that not only one such
road is feasible, but that at least three, four, or
five routes offer the necessary facilities for the se-
curity of this great object.
When we have overcome the objections of the
impossibility of the improvement, and its want
of importance, we have only rcachcd what, per-
haps, is the most difficult stage of the question.
While practically everybody admits that a rail-
road ought to be built somewhere, in some way,
and begin at some point, and end at some other
point—we find chat it is of all things the most dif-
ficult in the world to procure the consent of a ma-
jority of Congress to an agreement upon the time
when it shall begin, the manner in which it shall
be prosecuted, and the route upon which it shall
be made. Just as soon as we approach these
questions we find ourselves embarrassed with dif-
ficulties. Now, Mr. President, I have long since
given over all idea of being able to procure agen-
eral consent of Congress upon the definite route
upon which the road shall be built, on all the de-
tails of a plan on which it shall be built, or on the
manner in which it shall be paid for. If there is
not some surrender of individual opinions; if there
is not some trust and confidence reposed in some-
body to determine some of these things foi us,
we shall never succeed in consummating the en-
terprise. The Representatives of the more north-
ern portions of the Union will justly, or at least
excusably, require that the road shall be made
through their region, and (he more centra! routes
will each reasonably claim that the road shall not
pass them by on the north or on the south; and
we have already seen that the Representatives of
the southern States will demand the same thing.
So that, while we all agree upon making a road
in the abstract, we cannot agree at all upon where
it shall be made. 1 have looked at this matter in a
practical light; I found myself in this position,
perhaps, one somewhat peculiar. While I have
my preferences for some quite northerly route,
and should strenuously insist upon that, if I was
called upon to decide m favor of one and against
all others, I, at the same time, have such views in
regard to the immediate urgency and importance
of thisgreat measure,and of its diffusive benefits,
that I think I am prepared to support a Pacific
railtoad bill which shall be acceptable to a ma-
jority of Confess, though it shall overrule ail
my own opinions and preferences.
I am one of the select committee who have in-
troduced this bill. We rook this practical view.
We tried to ascertain what bill could we submit
to Congress that would obtain the votes of thirty-
two members of the Senate and one hundred and
eighteen members of the House of Representa-
tives. In other words, what project is there, if
any, upon which one hundred and fifty-one votes
can be concentrated in the two Houses of Congress
— for these constitute majorities m both Houses.
It would seem no easy undertaking to de\ ise a
plan which would secure one hundred and fifty-
one votes on a question so distracting. We found
it so, for our committee consisted of nine; and if
it had been an equal nnmberwe certainly should
have found it impossible, for a long time, to de-
vise any plan, or to find any route upon which
we could get a majority of the committee to con-
cur. We succeeded m devising a system, and a
route which would secure five votes in our com-
mittee out of the nine; and we submit that as the
best that could be done. We have made sacri-
fices of opinion; sacrifices that seemed to us al-
most of principle; sacrifices of devotion to the
local interests, for the purpose of being able to
offer a bill to the House with reasonable expect-
ation that a majority,or each House of Congress,
could be induced to accept it.
This plan, simply stated, is this—I leave out
of view the details as to the expense and cost:
The President of the United States is directed to
invite propositions for carrying the mails and the
military and naval stores of the Government be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific coasts by railroad;
which, of course, draws after it the consequence
that those whose propositions shall be accepted
shall prepare the railroad upon which the trans-
portation shall be conducted. After a full oppor-
tunity has been given for competition, the Presi-
dent of the United States, under circumstances
designing to guaranty publicity and secure fair-
ness and impartiality, is directed to settle the
route upon which the road shall be made between
two important cardinal points, that is the place
in the Atlantic States from which the road shall
depart, and the place on the Pacific at which it
shall end. It seemed necessary to the committee
that these two points must be determined, or at
least we must practically determine them.
All the circumstances of the present condition
of the country, all the history of the commerce of
the Pacific, all the speculations in regard to the
future commerce between this continent and the
East, seemed to us to indicate San Francisco, in
the State of California, as the important commer-
cial entrepot for the present century, and for cen-
turies to come, on the Pacific coast.
Having ascertained that point, it was then
thought proper to examine, in the next place,
whether we could agree upon a point on this side.
If there were no unlroads through the Atlantic
States connecting the Atlantic coast with the Mis-
sissippi and Missouri rivers, it would have been
equally easy to determine the location of the east-
ern terminus of the Pacific railway. Nature, and
the conditions of commerce as it is established
for this century, and manycenturies to come, have
determined that the greatentiepotof commerce in
North America on the Atlantic coast, must be the
city of New York. Make a railroad, then, from
San Francisco eastward on any route that you
may, the tiade and the passengeis which are to be
transported over it, must be delivered sooner or
later, first or last, at the port of New York. JJut
(here are already railroads from this eastei n point,
New York, penetrating to the Mississippi and the
Missouu rivers, and there are railroads also from
many of the southern points, and from other and
more northern points, radiating so as to intersect
the most direct line of communication between the
cities of New York and San Francisco. We have
thought, then, that as these roads were already
cons'iucted, what would be wise for us to do
would be to leave open, within certain limitations,
the point on the western frontier of the Atlantic
States from which the road should be built towards
San Francisco.
The manufactures of the United States, the trade
of the United States, the population of the United
States, are largely m the northern portion of the
Union, and we have selected the region between
the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers—a line extending
through four degrees of latitude, (about two bun-
dled and forty or two hundred and fifty miles,) as
furnishing some point of concentration for all the
Atlantic States to connect with the Pacific raih oad ;
and we have left the precise point on that line to
be determined hereafter.
It would have been more according to my opin-
ions, and youis, sir, [Mr. Foot in the chair,] if
we could have fixed the eastern terminus with
precision; but if wo undertook to do it, we were
met by difficulties about the greater dangers of ob-
structions to the load, about the irreater expense,
abon t the greater or less value of the land through
winch the road was to pass, to say nothing of
local jealousies; and thus we found it impossible
to obtain the consent of representatives, as well
from the more northern as from the more south-
ern States.
We thought, under the circumstances, that we
mustfix certain pnnciples, upon which the choice
of the route should be made; ami supposing that
we should be able to secure from the Presuiontof
the United States, under all the icsponsibihties
under which he would act in a decision on this
subject, impartiality and fairness, we came to this
conclusion: we le^ommended to the Senate that
it should be left to the President to selcct from the
propositions that one which would provide foi
building a railroad from a pomt between the
mouths of the Big Sioux and K.m^is rivers to
San Francisco, in the State of California, on the .
most eligible route, reference being had to feasi-
bility, shortness, and economy."
Feasibility, shortness and economy ! These
are the three important elements in the question,
the three elements which, under any and all cir-
cumstances, the Government ought to consider,
and must consider. The route ought to he se-
lected with due regard to the feasibility arid short-
ness, because it must be not only feasible, but as
short as may be consistent with all economy. We
thought that patriotic men, willing to sutrender
something, men impressed with a due sense of the
importance of this object, could surrender local
apprehensions and distrust upon the principles we
have adopted here, provided they could have con-
fidence it would be carried out impartially.
The last objection which I gave up to this bill,
as it now stands, was the apprehension that a
northern, or at least a central, route which I de-
sired to have selected, which I think most import-
ant to the interests of the country, may possibly
be that one which will not be most eligible, hav-
ing regard to feasibility,shortness,and economy.
It relieves me in some degree to be assured, as
T am by the honorable Senator from Georgia, who
is also a member of the committee, that these gen-
eral words will determine the route exactly, not
only between the points which I desire, but upon
the very parallel of latitude across which I would
carry it. I wish, however, that I could have some
more confidence in the liberal prophecy which he
makes in my behalf in that respect. Sir, although
we start from some point between the Big Sioux
and the Kansas rivers, in the State of Missouri,
and although we land at San Francisco, it is not
altogether impossible after all, from the examina-
tion I have made of these surveys, that we may
be carried down on this route to the latitude of the
Texas route, and so stop at Guyamas before we
reach San Francisco. Indeed, I have thought it
possible that the road to be made under this bill,
ouirht be made either north or south of that great
central route which nature indicates and the in-
terests of the country require, as I regard them.
"But it was only this bill that we could combine
a majot ity upon. I trust that under it a road can
and will be made quite directly across the conti-
nent, from its eastern terminus to San Francisco.
1 am satisfied, Mr. President, that if we can get
one hundred and fifty men in this Congress to
agree to any bill, it will be this one; and that if
we cannot secure the assent of a majority of this
House and a majority of the other House to this
bill, we shall not to any; and I am confirmed in
that belief by this debate, so far as it has gone.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi tells us
truly that he is in favor of a Pacific railroad, sin-
cerely and earnestly in favor of it, but that he
cannot vote for this bill. One of his.objections,
as I understand him, is, that the measure is as
yet premature. He argues that it is premature,
because we are left to invite individuals to form
themselves into a company, and we propose to
enter into a contract with them under the expec-
tation that they are to build a Pacific railroad.
He argues that, if it were not premature, citizens
would orofiuixe themselves, and apply to us,
moved by a consciousness that the road would be
productive. He apprehends that the contractor,
under this bill, will commence the undertaking,
receive lands and moneys, and then abandon it,
and leave the road to fall into desolation. Rutthot
Senator has given us no other system upon which
lie will agree with us, even if we can agree with
him. We are, therefore, to understand that we
cannot have his support m any case. He objects
to the road that it is too expensive to be made in
the manner and on the principles adopted m this
bill. He objects to the road, also, on the ground
that it will be a political engine, more fatal to the
welfare and liberties of this country than the Uni-
ted States Bank was. •
The honorable Senator from Georgia, who can-
not give his support to this bill, differs from the
Senator from Mississippi. He does offer us a sys-
tem. Unfortunately, that system will fail toob-
tain the support of the honorable Senator from
Mississippi; for, while one road is too expensive
for the honorable Senator from Mississippi, the
honorable Senator from Georgia proposes two,
and of relatively notveiy different expense. While
the honorable Senator from Mississippi finds one
road gives the President too much power, too
much patronage, too much influence, and so be-
