546
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess. Expenditures and Revenues of the. Nation—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. or Reps.
But, Mr. Chairman, I accept the challenge of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and I
will endeavor to show that his objections are not
well founded. He appears as a prosecutor; he ar-
raigns the Democratic party; he undertakes to put
it upon trial; he presents such evidence as he
pleases; and withal, he must fail to convince any
reflecting man of the justice of his accusations.
Were his charges true, they ought not to suffice,
because he has artfully concealed the alternative
which Democratic defeat would bring, and theYem-
edy which might be found to be worse than the
disease. " Kul or cure" is a dangerous prescrip-
tion; and our country is not in so critical a condi-
tion as to require this desperate remedy, even if
prescribed by so skillful a practitioner. While I
might concede the correctness of all that he said,
I would dissent from his deductions, and I would
even then declare that these known errors or evils
were far more tolerable than the unknown upon
which we might rush, and which we would prob-
ably experience from this indescribable reform
party which the gentleman seems fondly to hope
shall supersede the party now in power. I will
take the bull by the horns, Mr. Chairman, and I
will deal boldly with the doctrines advanced, while
I must do so under protest, because the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has shown—incon-
testably proved—that the estimates and figures of
the gentleman from Ohio are entirely mistaken;
prominent error throughout has been shown to
exist.
The charge made by the gentleman from Ohio
is, in a word, extravagance; and the watchwords
that he recommends to the Opposition party for
the next campaign are, retrenchment and reform.
The eharge is not new, while retrenchment and
reform have been often promised by the same
party that seeks to use them now.
I deny the charge in toto: 1 assert that the Ad-
ministrations of the country have been conducted
with a spirit of proper economy, having regard
to" the condition of the nation. If 1 am asked
whether less money might not have been expend-
ed, I will answer affirmatively; if the means of
Government were not adequate to its expendi-
tures, of course the necessary expenses could
have been lessened; but with the bountiful reve-
nue of the country, less could not have been used
withouta display of niggardliness and parsimony,
unworthy the name of economy and unbecom-
ing the great and glorious nation, of which we
are all so proud. Does the gentleman not know
that the country's expenditures must keep pace
with the country's growth? Will he advocate
before his constituents that nothing is duo to its
station and position? Will he put his country
upon pauper or prison allowance? It will not do
to answer that the money comes from the people;
for it must be borne in mind, in connection there-
with, that itgoes back to, and is expended among,
the people, and the people are willing to sanction
any expenditure which contributes to the wel-
fare, honor, character, interest,or permanency of
the Union. The best way of establishing wrong
is, by contrast in showing the right, and if the
gentlemaij had shown the extravagant items and
his mode of reform in something like detail, the
wrong might have been better discovered; if there
has been error, it is his duty to correct it, and if
he does not attempt it, he does less than lus con-
stituents have a right to demand.
The Utah war is a prominent subject for com-
plaint; and sorry was I to hear an American le-
gislator, on the floor of the House of Represent-
atives, in finding fault with the Executive, say:
" Instead of sending poace commissioners to reason with
a rebellious people, ami negotiate terms of peace, he posted
this army in the mountains, aild compelled tliein to be sup-
ported therewith flour at fitty dollars a band, and other
provisions at an equally enormous rate."
No greater encouragement could be given to the
treasonable purposes of Brigham Young and his
followers than was found in that sentence. Will
an American constituency indorse the doctrine
that the American Government must submit to
treason and rebellion? must send peace commis-
sioners to treat with a rebellious people? must sue
and beg that parricidal hands may be stayed?
coax and persuade into obedience and submission
to laws? When the United States must do such
tilings as these, then let her forego her claim to
beconsidered in the front rank of nations! Then,
too,any expenditures will be too much; and herein
the gentleman is most consistent. But such a
course will not be tolerated; where there exists
rebellion, mutiny, or treason; where the law is
trampled under foot; where a power is set up as
sovereign in opposition to, and in defiance of the
authority, of the United States, every American,
having a spark,of patriotic feeling, will insist on
maintaining the dignity of his country and the
majesty of her laws; upon crushing out the rebel-
lion; upon putting down the treason, and bring-
ing to condign punishment the traitors, without
regard to the sacrifice, inconvenience, or cost.
Yet the gentleman thinks otherwise; perhaps he
would send peace commissioners to Great Britain
to solicit that she will direct her officers not to con-
tinue their visits and searches of our ships. Cer-
tainly, consistency will require him to advocate
this doctrine; for the crime of treason at home is
greater, far greater, than hostility or aggression
abroad. That there was rebellion in Utah, one
of our organized Territories; that the former Gov-
ernor had refused to surrender to the authority of
his successor; that the laws of the United States
had been disregarded, and that there was armed
resistance to Federal troops; in short, that war
was waged by this rebellious Territory, is not
doubted nor denied by the gentleman; but he pre-
fers to procure peace cheaply, as he thinks, but
dearly-bought as it would be, with national dis-
honor.
The expenditures for the Army constitute the
greatest increase; and, with the nation at war,
with the spread of territory, with the exposed
frontier, and with hostile Indians yet among our
people, let any one point out what item of expense
could have been spared or diminished. As the
settlements of our country progress there must be
increased protection; and with so small an Army
—for there seems to be ajealousy of a large stand-
ing Army—the expenses of transportation of men
and supplies from place to place as wanted are
necessarily large. Our extended frontier and
coasts require augmented defenses; and these
things, especially in distant regions, are prolific of
expense. What, too, is our Navy compared with
that of any of the other large Powers of the world ?
Yet this, too, is a cause of largely-increased ex-
penditure; and certainly no one would object that
it shall be placed in a condition which will insure
protection to our commerce, and enable it to be
ready for service at any time that war may arise.
It must be such as shall be respected in peace and
feared in war; it must be effective, and, growing
with the growth of the country, it must be in like
manner strengthened. The Army and Navy of
the United States are themes on which much
might be said; the glory and honor of the country
are in their protection; and where is the legislator
so miserly as to refuse supplies for these Depart-
ments, because, forsooth, the nation is in a state
of profound peace ?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy]
some days since inveighed against the appropria-
tions for the Army service, and said "men in
time of peace did not go about armed to the teeth,
and that there was as little occasion for nations to
do so." The gentleman's allusion was strikingly
unfortunate; for while no individual need arm
himself here for either protection or defense, it
is simply because the law furnishes arms, armed
men, police, for those purposes at home, aiul our
seamen and soldiers for a like object abroad. It
is because of the public protection and defense
that individuals need not" go armed to the teeth,"
as the gentleman from Illinois expresses it. Our
Army, our Navy, and our fortifications afford to
every one the exemption which, without these
public auxiliaries, no one could claim. Yet these
things have produced the greatest increase of pub-
lic expenditure, and therefore it is against them
that the odium is to be directed. The spirit of
economy winch would cut down the Army and
Navy, the fortifications and defenses of the coun-
try, is one of which the new party may, when
they have the power, claim the paternity; the
Democratic party repudiates it, and does not fear
the responsibility connected with these things.
So, too, with the augmented expenses of our dip-
lomatic intercourse, of our Indian departments,
and of our civil listfor Territories, judiciary, &c.
No allowance is made for the increase of the
country or of its population or of its wants; nor
is there any recollection of the fact thaf every
dollar expended goes into the pockets of the peo-
ple. Away, then, with this deceptive cry of ex-
travagance. Practice before you preach, or your
sincerity will be doubted. Show that you, or
any of your allies, have suggested or attempted to
effect a single reform in any one of the things
which you hold up to public odium; and if there
is a temporary deficiency arising from miscalcu-
lation or from untoward events, such as could
could not be foreseen, instead of reviling those
who are not to blame for it, aid to repair it by
replenishing the Treasury, so that, at all hazards,
the public faith shall be kept and the public cred-
itors shall be paid. 4 loan is notamatter of choice
—it is of inevitable necessity; and while the gen-
tleman from Ohio admits the deficiency and the
necessity for supply, he declares he will not vote
for a loan, and he will not even suggest any other
mode of enabling the obligations of Government
to be met.
It must not be forgotten that many of the debts
now to be paid were incurred by tne authority
of the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, in which the Democratic party
was in a sorrowful minority; but it matters not
by whom or how they were authorized, honor
and honesty demand their payment, and hence
the necessity for the use of the public credit to
such as are willing, in preference to subjecting the
unwilling, to grant a coerced credit which they
can butpoorly afford.
The gentleman from Ohio, speaking of the
miscellaneous list, says:
"In this vast mausoleum are buried your secret con-
tracts, your jobs, your custom-houses, your marine hos-
pitals, your post office deficiency and post offices, your
coast survey, your court-houses."
Are not all these things necessary and useful
in our country ? The sneering manner in which
he speaks of " your custom-houses, your marine
hospitals, your post office deficiency and post
offices,1 your coast survey, your court-houses,"
will not depreciate them m public opinion. Cus-
tom-houses, post offices, and court-houses afe
necessary; marine hospitals and coast surveys
are useful and benevolent; yet, in the fury of
his party wrath, they come in for indiscriminate
denunciation: the post office deficiency is a tax
that should be cheerfully paid, because it is the
necessary result of cheap postage, of the benefits
of which the people of the free States have a full
and plentiful share. What shall be the country
when the demands for these reforms are satisfied?
with no Army, no Navy, no custom-houses, no
marine hospitals, no coast survey, no cheap post-
age, no post offices, and no court-houses, or only
such as stinted expenditures will maintain, the
honor and glory of the country will be at a dis-
count.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who
sits close by me, said that there are some persons
who seem to think that patriotism consists in
spending money. I know none such, and have
heard nothing said here which justifies that as-
sumption. But I can truly retort on him that there
are some persons who seem to think that patriot-
ism consists in saving money. One of his col-
leagues has avowed nearly as much, and, in a
violent opposition to proposed expenditures, he
actually referred to the Democratic platform and
Virginia resolutions of 1798 as not justifying the
measure. This gentleman, I believe, has voted
against nearly all the appropriations proposed or
made, though when an appropriation was pro-
posed for the navy-yard in Virginia, both of these
economical gentlemen, together with all the other
rigid economists from that State, walked between
the tellers in favor of it. The application by
the facetious gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Davidson,] of iEsop's fable, " The Bull and the
Ox," to one of these gentlemen, [Mr. Clemens,]
was strikingly appropriate. There are other gen-
tlemen from the South who have preached up the
sternest and strongest economy. One gentleman
was terrified at the expense attending the National
Observatory; another treated the gradual increase
of expense in a manner most awfully prophetic,
reminding me of the easy descent mentioned by
Virgil, the escape from which is so dreadful and
