498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February I,
a bill for the permanent increase of the Army, we
made an advance decidedly in favor of the Pacific
railroad. My impression is, that if the honorable
Senator from California will now waive this ques-
tion of precedence, and let the State of Minnesota
come in, as soon as she comes in he will find that
he has an increase in both Houses of Congress
in favor of the measure; and I am sorry to say
thatl am not satisfied that there is strength enough
to carry the bill until we bring in one, two, or
three more States—at least one.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I concur very fully
with the Senator from New York in the propriety
of the admission of a new State when she comes
here in proper form; but I stand before the Sen-
ate in a peculiar attitude with reference to this
matter. X think the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Territories will do me the justice
to say that I attended all the meetings appointed
for the purpose of examining the Minnesota con-
* stitution. I attended two meetings of the com-
mittee at some inconvenience, as well as some
trouble to myself, growing out of the state of my
health. I had not, however, the pleasure of being
present on the last occasion, when, as I under-
stand, the report was submitted for the final action
of the committee. For ten days past I have been
confined to my room, and the day on which the
committee agreed finally to adopt the report, I was
confined to my bed. The honorable chairman
did me the honor to send to me the report as well
as the bill, with the request that I would read it,
or listen to his clerk's reading it, stating, at the
same time, that the report had been concurred in
by a majority of the committee, and, if I am not
mistaken, that all the committee were willing that
the report should be made. Keing unwilling to '
thwart the object of the Senate, or the country,
in the admission of a State which, as far as I have
examined i am frank to say showed that she
was entitled to admission, I senta verbal message
to the chairman, that he might make the report,
so far as I was concerned, and that I would con-
cur in it or not, as I should think proper on ex-
amination. This is the first day I have been able
to leave my room. I have seen neither the bill
nor the report, and I am utterly unprepared and
unwilling, without looking into the bill and report,
to go into the examination of the subject.
I do not design by this to delay the admission
of the State; but at the same time, when a State
is to be admitted into the Confederacy, it seems
to me that every member of that branch of the
Government legitimately charged with this mat-
ter should have an opportunity to look into the re-
port as well as into the bill itself. I have not been
here before since last Thursday week, nor have
1 seen the printed report or bill. As soon as I am
in possession of the bill and the report, I will see
whether they accord with what we agreed on at a
previous meeting of the committee; and if so, to
waive all objection and admit Minnesota at the
earliest day; but I am anxious to inform myself
whether the facts are presented in accordance
with the preliminary statement agreed on by the
committee. As soon as I learn that fact, 1 shall
be willing to forego all objection and agree to the
taking up of the bill. I do not, however, feel au-
thorized at this time to go into an investigation
of it.
Mr. GWIN. Under the circumstances, I hope
the honorable Senator from Illinois will not pi ess
his motion, as one of the Committee on Territo-
ries wishes to postpone it. I wish to say to him,
and to the Senator from New York, that I have
not the slightest disposition to have any collision
in point of precedence between these two bills, for
1 am in favor of both of them; but the subject
before the Senate having been made the special
order some weeks ago, and being now ready for
consideration, I ask the Senate to proceed with it.
I hope there will be no collision between these
two measures, but that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories will feel justified by the re-
marks of the Senator from Alabama in postpon-
ing his motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should be glad to consult
the wishes of my friend from California, but this
is not the first time I have been compelled from
a sense of duty to urge the admission of a State
prior to action on the Pacific railroad. I had to
do so in 1850, when California was admitted in-
to the Union. I felt it my duty then, to the two
benators from California, who were wait|ng to
take their seats, to insist on giving priority to the
question of admitting that State. I feel it to be
my duty to do the same thing now. I am cer-
tain that he will hasten liis Pacific railroad bill,
by not antagonizing with this measure, because
he knows that those of us who are now pressing
the bill for the admission of the State of Minne-
sota to a vote, are the warm advocates of the bill
which he has at heart, and he certainly canno.t
wish to press it against us. I ask for the yeas
and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I only wish to remark that
another of our colleagues of the Committee on
Territories, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Se-
bastian,] is sick, and has sent me word that he
desired to be present when the Minnesota bill
shall be considered. There is a clause in the bill
to which we did not assent. The proper regula-
tion and determination of the representation of
that State depends on facts which we have not
inonrpossession;and it would be premature, and,
as I think, unwise, to press the consideration of
it now. If we wait until these facts come—and
they are expected every day—the committee can
mature this measure, so that there will not be a
difficulty in the Senate, and the State will slide
into the Union without raising a ripple upon the
stream. As a mere matter of policy, therefore,
and as a matter of courtesy to the absent gentle-
man who feels so deeply interested in it, I hope
the bill will not be pressed to displace and disjoint
the order of business with reference to the Pacific
railroad bill.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the Senator from
Illinois, who reported this bill, upon what condi-
tionsliewas authorized by the committee to report
it to the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer that question.
At the meeting before the last, the committee
agreed upon the bill and what should be the prop-
ositions embraced in the report, and I was in-
structed to draw the report. Having agreed on
that, we adjourned to another meeting when the
report was to be read to the committee. We met
on that occasion, the Senator from Alabamabeing
absent then, although he had been with us punc-
tually at all the previous meetings. He was sick,
or he would have been with us at the reading of
the report. The report was then read and the
committee unanimously agreed that the report
did conform to the propositions which had been
agreed to at the previous meeting, (the Senator
from Missouri dissenting from the propositions
on one point,) and that the bill was in conformity
with the agreement.
As the Senator from Alabama was not present,
but sent a message that he felt an interest m the
matter, and desired to see the report before it was
made, I was instructed by the committee to re-
port, subject to the approval of the Senator from
Alabama. He was the only absent member, I
think. I sent the report to the Senator from Ala-
bama, with a note explaining the action of the
committee, by the clerk of the committee. He
came back, bringing the verbal message which
has been stated by the Senator from Alabama,
that he was ill, and did not deem it necessary to
read the report; in fact, that he was unwilling to
delay the action of the committee, if the majority
had agreed to it; but, reserving his own opinion
and right to dissent on any point, he would inter-
pose no objection to the report being made. Hav-
ing received that message from him, I thought,
as I had seen each other member of the commit-
tee—I do not think I am mistaken, but possibly
I may be—the occasion had happened on which
the report was to be made; and it was made. If
there was an objection to it, I should have been
glad if it had been made by any member of the
committee when the report waspresented. It has
been made, printed, and been on our tables for
nearly a week. I have been anxious to call it up
before, but some questions antagonized with it.
There was some delay in printing, and the Senate
adjourned over from Thursday to Monday, so
that I could not get an opportunity of trying the
question until now. I trust that we may be per-
mitted to get a vote on it. The Senator from
Arkansas, I have no doubt, will be here when we
come to the final vote.
In regard to the information which is expected,
I can only say that the census has been received
from all the counties in theTerritory except seven.
Tne enabling act provided that the State should
have the representation in the House of Repre-
sentatives to which she would be entitled by the
census according to the apportionment of 1850.
The bill reported now provides the same tliin°-
that the number of her Representatives in the
other House shall be what she may be entitled to
by the census according to the apportionment of
1850, leaving the House of Representatives to de-
termine the question just as it did under the cen-
sus of 1850. The presumption is, that in a few
days, or by the time the bill will get through both
Houses, the census of the other seven counties
will be here; but if not, it leaves that question to
the House of Representatives. They aie to have
one member, and as many more as that census,
when complete, shall show them to be entitled to.
Hence, to vote on this bill will need no additional
fact. However, I will not occupy time, in the
hope of getting the question.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there was a time
when the admission of anew State into the Union
excited little other sensation in either House, or in
the country, than the earnest desire to welcome
a new State into the Confederacy. I trust that
time has not yet gone by. But we all know that
events have occurred,and othcreventsarc athand,
that may perhaps enlighten the American mind
on this question of the admission of new States.
The State of Minnesota has just passed from
the chrysalis form, and has been but a very few
days before the Senate. I think the report of the
committee, of which the honorable Senator from
Illinois is chairman, was presented here within
the last week, or ten days, at the outside. I have
read it, but I confess I took it up out of its order
in the press of business upon me, and that por-
tion of public business which has been more es-
pecially confided to me, in order to do so. I do not
know that, when the question comes before the
Senate according to a regular, and, as it would
seem to me, an appropriate course, objection will
be made to the admission of the State. I did ob-
serve, what 1 regret to say I have more than once
observed in the quarter of country where that
State, or that Territory, to speak more properly,
is found, very great irregularities occurring and
passed over in the mode of erecting the State. I
do not mean to say that I shall found any objection
to the admission of the State on them, but they
exist and are set forth in the report of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Territories.
But, sir, why this apparently undue haste to
bring this question now before the Senate ? The
honorable Senator from Illinois has eaid that those
who have been elected Senators from Minnesota
are waiting, and it is desirable to give them their
seats. As a matter of courtesy to those honor-
able gentlemen I should be disposed to go as far
as my sense of duty to the whole country would
admit; but a question of courtesy, however we
may entertain it elsewhere, can have no place on
this floor if it is at all in collision with what hon-
orable Senators may consider matters involving
the great public interests of the whole country."
Now, Mr. President, we know very well, al-
though not officially informed, that we shall have
presented here, certainly in the course of this
week, possibly in the course of the next day or
two, an application from another State for admis-
sion into this Union. I do not know where the
honorable Senator from Illinois, the chairman of
the committee, will stand upon the question of the
admission of that State. If the State presents
itself in the manner in which it is said it will be
done, I do know where the greatarray of honorable
Senators on this side of the Chamber will stand,
or at least I think 1 know. I am not prepared to
take up, at present, the consideration of these
questions separately. I do not know that I may
not be prepared to do so on further consideration
and further conference; but it may be considered
when we have had further time to take a more ex-
tended view of all the circumstances, and the
probable exigencies that may surround the ques-
tion of the admission of new States at this session,
it may be found desirable that they should not be
taken up separately. 1 do not know that it will
occur, but, for one, I am indisposed to take up one
of those measures until the other is matured, at
least.
Sir, I do not profess to be informed of the cir-
cumstances under which tlie State of Kansas is
to apply for admission.
