1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
35th Cong....1st Sess. Expenditures and Revenues of the Nation—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. of Reps.
difficult. The anxiety of our southern friends is
loss about the credit side of the account than it is
about the debit side. They advocate stinted ex-
penditures because they do not like the probable
mode of increase of the revenue; but the same
sincerity does not mark the course of the Oppo-
sition, who have advanced the charge of extrava-
gance, and have adopted a theory of reform merely
for political and partisan purposes. I earnestly
hope that the people will not be deceived nor mis-
led by this halcyon cry of reform ! They have
been deceived more than once by it. They yielded
to it in 1840, and the promised reforms were an
attempt to fasten upon them another bank of the
United States, and the passage of a bankrupt law
which privileged reckless speculators from paying
their debts—a law so odious that in two years it
was repealed, yet not before hundreds of millions
of dollars of indebtedness had been cleared out
by it. They yielded to it in 1848, yet no reform
can be shown, for none was made or attempted;
and the history of our country shows that no
reform has ever been made except by the Demo-
cratic party. Hence, too, its troubles! Its mem-
bers are not always prepared for the changes
which progress requires; and some with the best
intentions, yet timid, are not at all times ready
to march with its advancing column.
It is a fact, a melancholy truth, that the Treas-
ury is exhausted; and this, too, at a time when
a surplus was predicted and expected. During
the last session of Congress this surplus was the
source of constant trouble and anxiety. Scheme
after scheme was devised to deplete the Treasury
and prevent this accumulation. The public were
alarmingly told that the collection of more rev-
enue than was necessary would accumulate so
large a portion of the circulating coin that busi-
ness and trade would be interrupted and embar-
rassed. No one seemed to anticipate that the
sunshine might be followed by storm-clouds, or
that the present prosperity would ever be dimin-
ished. A plan was hit upon for the purpose of
diminishing the revenues, and certainly it was
most successful in accomplishing the object for
which it was designed. Mr. Robert J. Walker,
tfre able and distinguished Secretary of the Treas-
ury under President Polk, had arranged the de-
tails of the tariff of 1846, which, while it reduced
the duties, largely increased the revenue. It was
adjusted with discriminations in favor of such
articles as were produced here; and, until 1857,
it was found to be so well adjusted and propor-
tioned that no interference had been attempted
with its details. It had supplied, nay, it had filled
to overflowing, the national Treasury; but in
Marca, 1857, a headlong and heedless change
was made; a further and ill-digested reduction of
duties was effected, intended to diminish the rev-
enue from six to ten million dollars; and this, too,
when the national debt was still in existence. To
this cause may be partly ascribed the deficiency
which has arisen; while the financial revulsion
which pervaded the whole moneyed world was
a valuable auxiliary in making and keeping the
Treasuryempty. The great revenue of the coun-
try must be derived from duties on imports, and
these must be so arranged as to produce the rev-
enue required. I shall make no deceptive prom-
ises, no professions, on this subject, but will show
that there is no other source from which the
Treasury can be supplied. If I succeed in this,
our duty is plain, and it must be performed at
every sacrifice.
The public lands have yielded large amounts,
but it can hardly be contended that they ought to
be relied upon for revenue. They are held by the
Government for higher and better purposes than
mere speculation; and while it may be politic to
dispose of them by sale, the present stagnation
of business of every kind forbids the idea that
they can be made the available means of supply
at this time. The very decided vote in this House
yesterday against the increase of the postage
rates—121 against it to 37 in its favor—shows
that the post offices of the Government are con-
sidered as institutions maintained for a nobler
object than money. The postal facilities accom-
modate all the people, and a reduction of facility
in this Department would be a gross violation of
the popular will. We have the power to levy a
direct tax—the Constitution gives that power—
but it is not wise to exercise it while other and
easier means are at hand. A direct tax will be
paid by the people whenever the necessities of
Government require it to be levied; but, however
equal in name, it is unequal in operation, and it
would be most odious. We are already payers
of direct taxes. We pay them for the support of
our city and our State governments; and to add
a national tax is to increase to every man the
burdens which already are onerous. There can
be no parallel between this country and any other
i in this particular. The people of other places
have but one Government to recognize, and to
which the tributary taxes must be paid; but it
is not so with us. We have State as well as
national governments. We owe separate alle-
giance, we perform separate duties as citizens,
and we already pay enough of direct taxes.
If, then, Mr. Chairman, I am right in assuming
that it is neither wise nor just to look to direct
taxation, post office receipts, or sales of public
lands, for obtaining the national revenue, or even
for material contribution to that object, there
seems to be but one source from which the supply
can be maintained, and that is from duties on im-
ports. Whatever amount is required for the sup-
port of Government must be obtained; and the
Constitution, in authorizing Congress, virtually
directs it " to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises to pay the debts and to provide
for the common defense and general welfare of
the United States;" and I am ready and willing to
act in accordance with this direction. A repeal of
the act of March, 1857, a substitution of a proper
and honest mode of valuation of the goods upon
which duties are paid, and an attentive body of
public officers, in my opinion, will effect much,
if not all the improvements required. Our laws
should be sufficient to require that the true and
accurate value of the imported article should be
ascertained, and the duty should be levied upon
that value; the honest importer would not then, as
he is now, be injured and undersold by the con-
duct of the less scrupulous.
These are views that I have long entertained.
At the time of the passage of the act of 1857, I
expressed my disapproval; and I then foretold
what has since happened; for, in my opinion, the
deficiency would have existed without the finan-
cial revulsion, which has helped to conceal the
real cause.
I do not choose, Mr. Chairman, to be misun-
derstood. I am notiri favor of extravagance, nor
useless lavish expenditures; I well know that ex-
travagance gives rise to corruption, and that cor-
ruption is the sure forerunner of decay. Neither
do I favor an increased or unnecessary number of
office-holders; they should be considered neces-
sary evils; there should be no sinecures, no one
should reap who does not sow, and I would limit
their number to the absolute wants "Of Govern-
ment. I profess to be a practical and not a theo-
retical economist. I am in favor of an economical
but not a cheap government: cheap articles are
not always the best, nor do thpy last the longest;
things in this country are worth full pay. The
liberty and protection of the citizen, the honor
and glorv of the nation, are fully worth all they
cost, and any other system would be pernicious
and short-lived. Perhaps the administration of
Government could be cheapened, if given out to
the lowest bidder; but the people would pay very
dearly for such economy. My purpose, Mr.
Chairman, was to vindicate the Democratic party
from the charge of extravagance, so boldly made
against it. I have deferred until now, within a
few hours of the sessions'close, in the hope that
some more able and experienced member would
undertake the task, and I attempt it somewhat
reluctantly, and at the instance of what 1 con-
sider to be an imperative duty.
I have not attempted to examine or to correct
the figures and calculations of the gentleman from
Ohio. His speech was characterized by industry,
talent, and elaboration; but it was founded on
mistake in facts, as the gentleman from Virginia
has shown, and in argument as, I trust, I have
been somewhat instrumental in exposing.
That there may have been instances of extrav-
agance or imposition cannot be doubted; that such
are incident to a vast Government like ours is
undeniable; and that no laws will prevent them
effectually seems but too probable; but the annual
expenditures of this Government, large as they
seem to be, have never equaled a half years' in-
terest on the national debt of Great Britain, (even
at its diminished rate of interest;) a country, too,
diminutive in territory and extent when compared
with the measureless domain of the United States.
Whatever our country properly requires it can
afford, and whatever it can afford it must have;
its public edifices and its institutions, its Navy
and its Army, are but monuments of its great-
ness and power; and while m the hands of those
who have so long and so well governed it, 44 on-
ward" shall be its progress.
