1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
A Senator. Territory.
Mr. MASON. And now theTerritory of Min-
nesota, for they are both Territories, applies for
admission. I do not know the circumstances
under which the Territory of Kansas is to apply
for admission as a State; and I apprehend that 110
honorable Senator knows them; but we do know
that the sources of information which have been j
open to the Senate and the country upon every j
question attending the passage of Kansas from a !
territorial state to that of an independent political :
community have been of a character to carry with !
them distrust and doubt. We know, however, j
that the constitution of that State is now in Wash-
ington. We have reason to believe that, within
a very short time, it will be sent to the Senate, and
we may presume—we cannot take it for granted
—that when it is sent to the Senate, it will be
accompanied by authentic information touching
every matter connected with it; but it is not done
yet. * I trust when that question conies up, that
it may not be attended by the opposition, or the
extent of opposition, that is anticipated to the ap-
plication of that State for admission; but if it is,
it certainly interests me and those whom I have
the honor to represent on this floor greatly, that
not one single step shall be taken by this body in
reference to the admission of new States until
every question connected with the Territory of
Kansas has been matured, and we shall be en-
abled to see exactly where that question stands
and how it is to be received.
These are my present impressions. I do not
mean to commit myself; because, as I haveisaid,
I am uninformed, and must be so until we have
an official and authentic communication. I do not
know but that when the time comes, I may as
cheerfully vote to admit the one State separately
as to admit the other separately; but I want to
see the way around me. I want to see where we
are to stand. When the Territory of Kansas pre-
sents herself here and asks to be admitted as a
State, there may be circumstances—I trust that
there may not be—why it should be found a mat-
ter necessary to the southern States to determine
where they stand in this Union, that the two
questions should be taken together and not sepa-
rately.
Now, sir, I am not aware of any necessity for
undue haste. As to the honorable gentlemen who
are here to represent Minnesota when admitted,
however interesting it might be to me as a gen-
tleman to receive them here, certainly it inter-
ests me not at all in connection with the public
matters which I apprehend will be found neces-
sarily connected with it. I hope, therefore, that
no unusual haste will be exhibited by the Senate
to take up this bill.
Mr. W fLSON. Mr. President, I am in favor,
and the people I represent are in favor, of any just
and practicable measure for the construction of a
railway to the Pacific ocean; but I feel under the
necessity of voting for the motion made by the
Senator from Illinois, to postpone that measure
for the consideration of the question of admitting
Minnesota in the Union. Wcpassed, at the last
session, an act authorizing the people of lhat Ter-
ritory to frame a constitution and be admitted into
the Union as a State. They have complied with
that act. There were irregularities, but all parlies
agreed on a constitution, and thatconstitution was
submitted to the people and received thirty thou-
sand votes, while there were only about five han-
dled against it. We have the voice of the people
of Minnesota, approaching unanimity, in favor
of this measure; and 1 think tliatall irregularities
of form ought to yield to the substance.
Sir, 1 hope the Senate and the country will no-
tice the position taken by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. He is opposed to going into the consider-
ation of this measure now, because he supposes
that Senators on this side of the Chamber may
oppose the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton swindle. He does not want now to act
upon the question of the admission of a State |
under a constitution authorized by Congress, be- t
cause he wants to see what we intend to do on [
this side of the Chamber when the proposition j
comes here for the admission of Kansas into the !
Union. I say to the Senator now, I say to his
friends here and elsewhere, that ho may under-
stand that, we will oppose the consummation of
that Lecompton constitution by all the means in
our power under the rules of this body; and I
take it that it will be so under the rules of the
other House.
I see no necessity, the country sees no neces-
sity, why a Territory that has framed a State con-
stitution, in accordance with an enabling act—a
constitution that has received the sanction of
nearly the whole people of the Territory—a con-
stitution under which a Legislature was elected,
that has been in session nearly two months, and
has been engaged during that time in passing laws;
I say the country sees no necessity why that Ter-
ritory—hardly a Territory, but not yet a State—
shall be kept out of the union, to wait for an ex-
amination of all the facts connected with the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. There is no connection what-
ever between them. There is no such connection
as can justify any man in the Senate, or in the
country, in defeating the admission of Minnesota
into the Union to wait for an investigation of the
affairs connected with the Territory of Kansas.
Now, sir, there is a need of immediate action
in favor of the admission of Minnesota into the
Union. There is a Legislature chosen under this
constitution, which has been in session nearly two
months. They have been passing laws. Per-
haps the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pcgh] would
say this is rebellion; but they have been passing
laws, and those laws have been signed, not by the
Governor elect under the constitution, but by the
Secretary under the territorial law. Here you
have a State Legislature passing_ great and im-
portant measures concerning the interests of the
people of that new State, and the laws signed by
a territorial acting Governor. These laws are
taking effect in that Territory; and I say here to-
day what I know to be true, that the State Legis-
lature and the people of Minnesota are embar-
rassed by this question being kept in its present
position. It afioct;! them in their local legislation
and in their local interests. I think the time has
come when we should act upon this measure dis-
connected from any and all other questions; and
I shall give my vote for the motion made by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if I could see the
necessity for immediate action on the bill brought
forward by the Senator from Illinois to admit
Minnesota into the Union, I should be disposed to
vote for taking it up now; but there is a difficulty
in my mind to which I have had my attention
drawn, which is one reason why I am unwilling
to act on that bill now.
The great object, I presume, of the admission
of Minnesota at an early day as a State into the
Union, is that those gentlemen who have been
elected by the Legislature of that inchoate State
as Senators in the Congress of the United States
and by the people as Representatives to the other
House, may take their seats on the floors of the
respective bodies. I have a very clear opinion
myself that under the terms of the Federal Con-
stitution no such election could entitle a Senator
elected before the admission of the State, to a
seat on this floor. It will be personally unpleas-
ant to me to make the objection; because, for
one of the gentlemen elected as a Senator from
Minnesota, I have the highest personal regard and
esteem—I allude to the gentleman who was for-
merly a member of this body. The other I am
personally unacquainted with. It would be per-
sonally painful to me to make the objection; but I
am one of those who believe that adherence to the
provisions of the Constitution, even when there
may be no great apparent difficulty arising out of
transcending its provisions, is of great importance
because the precedent at a subsequent day may
be urged when it becomes of much higher import-
ance, and so obliterate the provisions of the Con-
stitution. On its reading, I cannot doubt.
But, as I know that admissions have been made,
I believe sub silentio, without question made, un-
der similar circumstances, I should have paused
to make the objection did I not find that it was
made in the early history of the country. In the
year 1796, General Washington communicated,
on the 8th of April, I think, to the Congress of
the United States, the fact that the Territory of
Tennessee had formed itself into a State, and
transmitted the papers to Congress for their ac-
tion on its admission into the Union as a State.
The subject was under discussion from the 8th of
April until the 1st of June, the day on which Con-
gress adjourned; and on thf\t day the State was
admitted into the Union. Pending that discus-
sion the credentials, or what purported to be the
credentials, of Mr. Cocke and another gentleman
whose name I have forgotten, two Senators elected
by the Legislature of Tennessee, were presented.
The credentials were perfect in their form. They
might well have been used as a model for all sub-
sequent credentials, and would, probably, have
removed many of the questions that have arisen
in this body if they had been adhered to as such.
The credentials, in their form, were a certificate
by the Governor, under the seal of the State, that
those gentlemen had been elected members of the
Senate of the United States, as was authenticated
by the resolutions of election, signed by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the
Speaker of the Senate of the State of Tennessee,
and the signatures were attached and the resolu-
tions given. There could be no objection what-
ever on the face of the credentials. Unfortunately,
the debates of that day are not to be found; and
we do not know the reasons which governed the
Senate. Wecanonlyfind thevotes.
This paper being read, after two or three mo-
tions of postponement, the Senate ultimately
passed a resolution authorizing these Senators
elected, before, the admission of the State, to take
seats on the floor of the Senate as spectators. As
I have stated, the State was admitted on the morn-
ing of the 1st of June. At the evening session,
after the approval of the bill by the President, and
the admission of the State, a resolution was of-
fered to admit the Senators elect from Tennessee,
and swear them in as members of the body, Ten-
nessee being then a State of the Union; but the
resolution was rejected by the Senate.
I have then the earliest precedent which ap-
peared in the history of our country, in which
the Senate decided, on a contest made, that the
election of Senators by an inchoate State, before ad-
mission, could not be recognized as made by valid
authority under the Constitution of the United
States, which provides that Senators shall be
elected by the Legislatures of the States, of course
necessarily meaning the States of the Union.
I do not propose to go further into this question
now than to mention in connection with it, that
if the great object be, as I suppose it must be, the
admission to the floor of the Senate of the gentle-
men who have been elected to the Senate from
the State of Minnesota, in the event of the admis-
sion of the State I shall hold it to be my duty to
ask the reference of the question, before they are
sworn in—as the matter is one that you must
notice on the face ofthe credentials presented—that
they were elected antecedent to the admission of
the State into the Union, and to have it decided
by a vote of the Senate. I believe it wiser to ad-
here to the Constitution. I have a very clear
conviction that the Constitution renders such an
election invalid, and 1 am supported by the first
case which occurred in the history of" the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. I am not aware that a
contested question has ever arisen since as to ad-
mission under the same circumstances, though I
am aware that Senators have been admitted where
no objection has been interposed, when they have
presented themselves undei circumstances of the
same character.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have generally
found, in my experience of the Senale, difficulties
enough attending questions that were presented,
without inviting the body to the consideration
of other questions that might be involved in other
issues anu other matters which were to come up
at another time. 1 had proposed to act on this
supposition in my action upon this floor. But,
sir, the remarks that have been thrown out by the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Masojj] seem to my
mind to require a very brief and passing" notice.
The manner of the Senator from Virginia
cated that they were notopinionshastily formed,
that they were not the result of heated blood that
had been stirred up in an angry and excited de-
bate, but they appeared to be the deliberate con-
victions of his understanding and the announce-
ment of his settled purpose. In that sense they
seem to demand more weight than they would
have in a different view of the subject. 1 f I un-
derstand the Senator, his position is that lie will
not consider the application of any State for E^d-
mission into the Union until the Kansas contro-
versy shall be settled. That was the amount of
what he said. I do not give his very phraseolo-
gy, and it is to that announcement that I ask the
