500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
February I,
attention of the Senate, and I hope to call to it the
attention of the country.
The Senator from Virginia objects to consider-
ing the application of any State, no matter how
regular may have been her proceeding, no matter
.how literally she may have pursued every re-
quirement of the Constitution and every provision
of the enabling act, no matter how unexception-
able may have been her whole history in her ter-
ritorial state and in the manner in \yhieh she pio-
poses to emerge from the condition of a territorial
to that ot a sovereign State—I should have said a
State, for I hope we are not to have any more
sovereign States in this Union—no matter how un-
exceptionable it has been, here is a block thrown
in the way over which Minnesota and every other
State must pass before she can gain admission
into this Union.
.Now, sir, the eloquent Senator from Texas
[Mr. Houston] said something, and the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] the other day. said some-
thing, which I did not hear, but have read since
in the papers, lecturing us for speaking lightly on
the danger of collision, and of danger to the Union.
Well, sir, I am always willing to be lectured, glad
when anybody undertakes it, bccause it satisfies
me, at least, that if there is not anybody here that
knows more than 1 do, there is somebody who
thinks he does. [Laughter.] But let me say that
there never has been a sentiment avowed on this
floor, which looks so directly, so seriously to a
conflict, and one that may end in a dissolution
and disruption of this Union, as the avowal which
has been made by the Senator from Virginia, and
in which I understood him to intimate the great
array upon the other side of the Chamber would
act with him; and that is to make the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution the
touchstone by which fidelity is to be tried, and
without which acccptancc no other State can ever
come into thisUnion. Sir, 1 am not here to speak
for any party, nor for anybody, but myself and
the State which I in part represent; but I am free
to say, and I am bound to declaie, that so far as
my action has anything to do with the voice of
the Government, and the proceedings of this body,
if that is the condition, it will be a long while
before your numerical number of States will ex-
ceed thirty-one. I deem it to be contrary to the
whole genius of our Government, to the principles
of our Constitution, and that bond by which the
States are bound together, for any one State, or
any set of States, to say that in a certain case,
which I think a majority of the people of this
Union believe not to be so characterized as to
entitle the Territory to come into the Union, her
admission shall be made the sine qua non without
which no other State ever shall come into the
Union.
I disclaim now and forever the idea of threaten-
ing anybody or of speaking lightly of the Union,
or of the dissolution of the Union, and I am will-
ing to sit at the feet of anybody who chooses to
lecture me, because I am used to being lectured;
but I have thought sometimes that some of these
lectures would do very well if applied to some-
body else. [Laughter.] There is an eloquent and
able Senator who sits near me—I allude to the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Bkxtamin]—and
I remember that at the close of a very eloquent
and abie speech which he made on this floor not
long ago, abounding with the richest figures of
rhetouc and the choicest ornaments of oratory,
he clos< d with this significant figure: that if cer-
tain tlungs did not turn out m a eeitain way, the
South would throw the sword into the scale, and
settle the weight that way. I remember that, but
i do not recollect that any iectuie was ever deliv-
ered to the honorable Senator for it from that time
to this, and I do not mean to lecture him now. 1
think it was a beautiful figure; but whether it was
appropriate to the subject or not, J do not know.
J lemtmber one significant fact that nil these lec-
tuies come upon those of us w ho sit upon this side
of the Chamber, upon the minority, and a very
small minority it is. It seems to me that lfgentle-
men want to throw out censure in a place whet e it
will have an effect,a good effect, they should some-
times take some of the gentlemen on the other
side 1 thought the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Iveusoj?,] the other day presented as
tair a case for a good wholesome homily as I had
ever seen in the Senate, but nobody thought of
administering it to him. When my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] however, fired, I sup-1
pose, with the magnetism which the Senator from ,
Georgia threw out, got up and undertook to re- '
spond to him in the same style, perhaps not so ;
! eloquently, and presented simply a counter opm- j
' ion to the one which had bum announced by the !
Senator from Georgia, he had to take a lecture;
but the Senator from Georgia went scathless. |
1 do not wish to lecture anybody; but I must '
say that I look upon the avowal of the Senator '
from Virginia, made coolly and deliberately as it ;
was, as being something, ifitis to be braked up by ;
the great array which the honorable S.'uaun- inu- ,
mates, of very serious import. I do not know how ,
we shall be able to meet this crisis. I do not know :
but that you can carry your Lecompton constitu- 1
tion through this body. I rather think you can;
that is my decided opinion. I do not know but !
that you will carry it through the Blouse of Itep- '
resentatives. I think you wo'dd be more likely ;
to do it if you had raised the five regiments; for 1
without meaning any disrespect to the members .
of that House, I must say there is a sort of
weight, that the great amount of patronage which
the appointment of so many officers would create,
would have a kind of insensible influence on the
atmosphere. [Laughter.] There is a greatamount
of pressure pervading the atmosphere, when one
of these bills, which has such a large amount of
patronage m it, is passed, that has an effect, and
I have no doubt ail insensible elfect sometimes,
even upon the men that ought not to be affected
by it.
But, sir, I had hoped, and I yet hope, that this
question presents, and will present, considerations
that will address themselves to patriotic minds,
independent of the party associations which they
sustain, independent of the localities and the com-
munities which they represent. I believe the
Kansas question will present to the nunds of such
men, coming from such quarters, considerations
that will lnue weight enough to influence their
judgment, independent and irrespective of the
considerations which have been alluded to as
necessarily connected with it. 1 am the more
strengthened in this belief, in this hope, and in
this conviction, when 1 remember the history of
Kansas, and when i remember the history of the
men whom you have sent there to act as Govei no is !
of that Territory  1
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 trust f shall :
be pardoned for laising the question whe'lier dis-
cussions in legard to Kansas are in order on a
motion to take up a. bill for the admission ofMin-
ncsota? I know that we have all been w mdenng
a little further and further, and we are rinng into
the vortex of gvneral polities to the exclusion and
defeat of the very object we have in view. The
object is to decide whether we shall take up the
Minnesota bill or not. When we do take it up,
the question will he open for debate; but reeliy I
hope we shall not open on this question a debate
to winch I can see no speedy termination.
The.VlCU FRES1DKNT. The Chair does
not feel himself authorized to determine the iek-
vancy of the remaiks of Senators.
Mr. HALIC. I am obliged to the Senator from
Illinois forgiving me another illustiation of v. hat
1 just remarked, that the lecture always comes
here. Why did he not give it to theSenatoi fiom
Virginia? |
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust it will always be as
well deserved as it is now. '
Mr HALE Why docs no'ttlie Senator begin i
the censure at the head of the class? Why does |
he come down so far, when ail have olT< tided?
But, sir, 1 think i was out of order, and i Hunk ,
the Senator from Virginia was too. I gne up. :
Mr. MASON. Air. President, the honorable
Senator from jNow Hampshire did not undertake
to report what I said, but undertook to repoit
what he considered the amount of what { said — :
the substance of it. In what I said [ was speak- 1
nig for myself alone. 1 have had no conference ,
with friends around mo. I did not, so far as my '
own action was concerned, say that I wanted to '
see ail the difficulties surrounding the Kansas
question settledbeforo I could vote to admit anew '
State anywhere else under any circumstances. I '
refrained from saying that. The tune has not yet
come to say it: 1 trust it never may come. What
I did say was, that this bill for the admission of
Minnesota had been reported within the last week ,
or ten days; that in looking into it I saw that vei y
great irregularities had attended the construction
or erection of this State; that I was not prepared
to object to them; it may be that they were
subsequently cured; but that we knew theie was
another State, one also recently erected fiom a
Territory, or claiming to be so, that would apply
within the next day or two for admission, and
we knew, from the history of the country, that
there was probably ci great amount of objection
which would be raised by Senators sitting on the
other side, to the admission of that State; aid
that, for one, I wanted to see the whole groaed,
to understand what we were about. J sani i;eif
when two States are applying cotemporaneousiy
for admission, there might becomc, nota political
necessity only, but a political propriety, in jus-
tice to the great public that we a!t represent here,
in connecting their fortunes. I did not know,
and did not declare, that even in my judgment
that might become necessary; but I said 1 wanted
to take a survey of the whole ground bt.ro re I
committed myself to the admission of one S<ate,
when there was another at the door, and that it
might be necessary to connect them. With all the
respect which I bear to the honorable Senator, I
must declare that 1 did not say that, for one, I
would not again vote to admit a State from any
quarter, until the Kansas difficulties were settled,
meaning by the Kansas difficulties—at least what
1 mean by them is, objections made to the admis-
sion of that Territory as a State. 1 again say to
the honorable Senator, the time has not yet come
to say that; I trust it never may come.
Mr. BROWN". I appreciate, sir, the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Illinois, that in
discussing a question relating to the order of busi-
ness, we had better not wander so far off as to
discuss everything; and m the remaiks winch I
shall submit on this occasion, I shall not allude
to Kansas further than is necessary to illustrate
the views 1 have in reference to the point before
us, which is, whether this subject ought to be
considered now, or whether it had better be post-
poned to a subsequent day.
At the lust session, Congress passed what was
termed an enabling act for Minnesota; such an
act as the Senator from Illinois has assured us
was, in his judgment, absolutely necessary to en-
able a Territory to form a constitution prepara-
tory to coming into the Union as a State. Ho
notified us in Ins opening argument on the Kansas
question, that a Territory could do nothing which
it was not authorized to do by the enabling act.
If that be true and there have been in Minnesota
those irregularities which gentlemen on all hands
admit to have existed, I submit whether the en-
abling act amounts to anything. If it be neces-
sary to pass an enabling act, there must exist a
necessity for obeying the act after it is pass-'d. and
that seems, in the case of Minnesota, not to have
been done. What is the necessity for an enabling
act if the Temtotiai Legislatuie and the people
of the Temuuy do not legard the act after it is
parsed > As I understand the ca^e befoie us, ih< re
is no ptvteiise tli utile enabling aethaj been obeyed
by the authorities in Minnesota.
But, says the Senator from Massachusetts, these
defects were cined by the subsequent action of the
people. I say again, if there was a necessity for
passing the enabling act, and nothing couid be
done till it was passed, then I want to know how
it is that the people of aTermory can cure aefects
which must have been fatal m themselves, except
upon the ground whicii we take in leferenceio
Kansas, that thepowei emanates fioimihe people,
that no enabling act 1.3 notes ary, that when the
people have acted they^ive vitality to the consti-
tution, and whether it is made in obedience to an
enabling act or not, is of no consequence: and
because of these arguments we desire to s> e these
two States brought m together. 1 want to know
whether my honorable friend from Illinois means
to take the ground that an enabling act is neces-
sary, and when the act has been disregarded, vote
foi the admission of Minnesota, and then vote to
exclude Kansas because in that ca*e there 1ms
been no enabling act. When he does that, I wish
him to do it altogether, so that the two things may
stand in such juxtaposition that the whole 001111-
; try may see what he lias dene.
| I raise no question in reference to the enabling
j act, or tiiat the people have disregarded it. 1 think
j the act was unnecessary. If 1 had known the full
j tendency of it, I should have opposed it on other
