1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
of the general fund belonging to the whole Union,
the immediate benefits of which should be poured
info the lap of one section only ? 1 say not, sir;
and when I propose the mouth of the Kansas I do
it on the idea that it does accommodate the South
as well as theNo,rth,and accommodate the North
as well as the South. It is true it does inure a little
more to the particular benefit of Missouri than
any other State; but in any country there must be
a center; and it so happens that Missouri is the
great center on the western border of the United
States, at least so far as the Atlantic States are
concerned. And because it does inure a little
more to herbenefit, shall we therefore do injustice
to Missouri in order to do still greater injustice to
other portions of the Union? I trust not. To
avoid Missouri, to shun her, and to prevent the
accruing benefits resulting, and which must ne-
cessarily result, we are to do injustice either to
the North or the South. Such an argument as
that I hope will not prevail; and I hope this will
not be charged as a proposition resulting alone
from a selfishness on the part of the Missouri rep-
resentatives. It is not. It is true that has had
its due weight and consideration; but I ask any
Senators to look at this subject and say, if we can
have but one road, where ought its eastern term-
inus to be? So as to deal justly with both sec-
tions of the Union, where ought it to bur As near
the center of the west line of Missouri as you can
make it, according to my understanding of the
geography of the country; and when it reaches
there, the present facilities of communication will
take that trade to St. Louis, to Chicago, to Charles-
ton, to Baltimore, to Philadelphia, to New York
—everywhere according as the inducements may
be held out for it.
It will not do for the Senator from New York
to speak of the city of New York as being1 entitled
to any more than her just proportion. When the
road strikes the center on the western borders of
the Atlantic States, she has her equal opportu-
nities to participate in the rich trade which is to
flow from the Pacific ocean; and if she cannot
sustain herself with equal opportunities, I hope to
see Norfolk, Baltimore, Charleston, or Philadel-
phia,supersede her; but if she can sustain herself
and get her due proportion, she is entitled to it.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator mis-
apprehended me, or I must have misapprehended
myself. I stated that 1 was satisfied that whether
the road terminated north or south of New York
in its connections with the Atlantic, it would re-
sult in the same thing. New York, as the cen-
ter, would be the end of the railroad; so that I
can vote for a railroad which shall start from Bos-
ton or Portland, and I should be entirely satisfied
with it as a railroad to the Pacific ocean. I can
vote for a railroad which shall start from Galves-
ton or any other place in Texas and go through
to San Francisco;and I believe New York will be,
in the end, the eastern terminus of those roads. I
stand here, therefore, perfectly satisfied.
Mr. GREEN. I am afraid that New York is
not only to be the end of many things, but the end
of the Union. [Laughter.] Sir, I know her power;
I know her influence; and why the Senator should
use his influence to throw the line up to a north-
ern route, if it is to mure to the benefit of New
York equally, whether it proceeds north or south,
as he says, is inexplicable. He says he can vote
for it, let it be located where it may; yet he also
expressed his preference for a northern route.
Why that preference, if it is all the same ? In the
name of common sense, if it is to center in New
York, the State you represent and the city you
represent, why have that preference at ail? 1
have my preference because I believe we can sus-
tain but one road,, and I believe that one road
ought to be central, and that the point I have in-
dicated is central, and when it reaches there it
will go through Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Ark-
ansas, all the southern, middle, and northern
States, and the trade coming over it will find its
proper markets according as inducements may be
held out in respective places.
As to which is the best route after you leave
the eastern terminus, I do not deem it important
to dwell at all. I have no doubt, from the little
attention I have paid to the subject, that the route
en the thirty-fifth parallel is the best; and if it be
the best and the cheapest road to be made, why
not allow the road to be commenced even still fur-
ther south than the point I have indicated? If
you will leave the Executive and contracting par-
ties a discretion on the subject, take away the
barrier you have inserted in the bill, and give him
the privilege to go down as far as Fort Smith, as
low south as even the Gulf of Mexico. If dis-
cretion is to be left to him, let it be such that he
can locate it wherever he shall find the cheapest
and best route; but by this bill you compel him
to go up and locate it between the mouth of the
Kansas and the Big Sioux. Take away your
barrier altogether, or else fence it up so close that
he cannot commence except at one single point.
This is the whole purpose of my proposition. I
have submitted it m good faith. It may not meet
the approbation of a majority of the Senate. I
believe it will accommodate the people of this
Union; and if any one road is to be built, that
ought to be the eastern terminus.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLK. I wish to offer an amendment to
the first section. I move to strike out the words,
" between the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kan-
sas rivers," and to insert, " or on the western
boundary line of the State of Missouri, or of the
State of Arkansas, between the mouth of the Big
Sioux river and Fort Smith on the Arkansas
river;,, so that the section will read:
" From a point on the Missouri river, or on the western
boundary hue of the State of Missouri, or of the State of
Arkansas, between the mouth of the Big Sioux uver and
Fort Smith on the Arkansas river, to San Francisco m the
State of California."
Mr. 1VERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I shall not detain the Senate long,
but I have made some calculations, the result of
which I should like to present to the Senate.
Mr. MASON. It is too late for that now, I
should say. If the Senator will yield mc the floor,
I will move an adjournment.
Several Senators. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me to
send my amendments to the Chair, and ask to
have them punted?
The proposed amendments were received in-
formally, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GW1N. 1 move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until to-mor-
row at one o'clock, in order that we may have an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to. v
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipril 14, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
WASHINGTON AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. GOODE. When the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union rose yesterday,
I presume it was with the expectation that they
would be organized again to-day, and proceed
with the consideration of the police bill. If, there-
fore, it meets the approbation of the House, I
move that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 232, to establish an
auxiliary guard for the protection of public and
private property in the city of Washington, and
repealing ail acts heretofore passed in relation to
that subject.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Goode] in lieu of the one offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd,]
and that upon this question the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman desire
to offer an amendment?
Mr. FOSTER. I do.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will yield till I hear the
amendment read.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose to add two additional
sections to the-original bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is an amendment
in order at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN. Amendments will be in or-
der to the original bill when the committee comes
to read it by sections, so as to perfect it before a
vote is taken on the substitute.
Mr. FOSTER. I will offer the amendment,
then, when the proper time arrives.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will.
Mr. BURNETT. It was stated yesterday by
thegentlcman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] that the
captain of the States5 Hose held an office under the
Federal Government. If I did not misunderstand
him, thatwas his statement. It is not correct. The
captain of the States' Hose neither holds an office
under the Federal Government nor under the city
government. The only appointment he ever held
was under the Republican Doorkeeper of the last
House, Mr. Darling; he was appointed by him to
an office about this Capitol, and held itduring the
last Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I am very glad to be>so in-
formed, and I am happy to make the correction.
My information was different.
Mr. MAYNARD. These remarks, Mr. Chair-
man, and others, which seem to have rather a
party character, I shall not reply to or notice. I
have, in this discussion, no party or partisan in-
teiest to subserve. I feel myself responsible to a
very small degree, indeed, for the measure which
is now brought to the consideration of the com-
mittee. It will be recollected that, some few days
ago, the Mouse, at my instance, adopted a reso-
lution requiring the Committee for the District of
Columbia to give their attention to this subject,
with liberty to report at any time. This enabled
them to bring in a bill which they had theretofore,
as 1 am informed, nearly or quite matured.
When I introduced the subjectinto the House,
I supposed, from what had occurred, that it was
one which it was our duty, at least, to consider,
if not to act upon. It was stated in many quar-
ters, if not in all quarters, that the police of this
city was either lamentably deficient, or woefully
inefficient. Complaints were made, I believe, m
every one of the papers of the city, morning by
morning; and we were told of crimes that had
been perpetrated during the,night. The houses
of citizens and strangeis had been invaded, and
their property purloined. Men had been assailed
and robbed on our most public avenue, passing
along about their ordinary and usual business.
Mr. IIUGRES. I rise to a question of order.
Over here we cannot hear the gentleman from Ten-
nessee at all, and some of us desire to hear him.
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible for the
Chair to preserve order or to keep gentlemen from
conversing and making a noise in the Hall; but
unless order is preserved it is impossible for gen-
tlemen to hear what is being said.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was proceeding to re-
mark, Mr. Chairman, that we had the most abund-
antevidence, as I supposed, that this city, ni com-
mon with many of the other cities of this country
and across the water, was infected with what
seemed to be a prevailing epidemic of crime, and
that it was necessary to take some action not only
for the general preservation of the peace, but also
for the protection of persons and of property.
I shall not trouble myself to inquire into the
causes of this state of thmgs. I have, in com-
mon, I suppose, with every other gentleman, my
own ideas as to the causes which, in whole or in
part, have contributed to it; but I have no ambi-
tion to make myself a prophet of the past or to
indulge in retrospective vaticinations on this sub-
ject. If other gentlemen choose to do so they
have a perfect right; and whether their prophe-
symgs will be regarded or not will depend on the
faith they may put in them. But, sir, in the
course of this discussion remarks have been made
by more gentlemen than one on this side of the
House, and especially by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Comins,] which
I do not feel at liberty wholly to pass over.
