1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
We are told that this condition of things, this
want of police efficiency, this prevalence of crime
in this city, is traceable to the courts of justice;
and the blame is charged on the men who exer-
cise the judicial functions in this District. Now,
Mr. Chairman, it is one of the indications of the
times in which we live, that there is a portion of
the community disposed to make war upon the
administration of justice as it is administered in
our courts. Judges are held up to the condem-
nation and to the execration of the community.
Charges are made against them in the pulpit, by
the press, on the hustings, and now, lastly, in the
legislative halls. If the pulpit in its ignorance,
or the press in its presumption or its assumption,
chooses to make war on the judges of our land,
the responsibility be upon them.
But, sir, we occupy no such favored position.
We are most of us lawyers; belonging to a pro-
fession whose duty it is to protect and sustain the
administration of justice in its puiity. Mostoften
we are called upon to protect it against fraud,
against the approaches of perjury and suborna-
tion of perjury, against private individual wick-
edness; but it is equally our duty to protect the
courts of the country against popular clamor,
against the cry of unthinking, unreasoning, un-
knowing prejudice and fanaticism. Sir,it soems
to me that gentlemen indulge in observations on
the judiciary of the country, which, to say the
least of it, are not creditable to themselves, if I,
with my professional obligations resting on mc,
believed only one half of what 1 have heard others
in this and the other wing of the Capitol declare
they believed, I would use my utmost endeavors
to move articles of impeachment against officers
so assailed; and I would never rest till I had ob-
tained a decision at the other end of the Capitol.
Gentlemen owe it to themselves, they owe it to
those judges who are impugned, they owe it to their
constituents and the country, if they believe even
one tenth part of what they charge so fluency and
flippantly on judges—they owe it as a matter of
high duty to bring to trial the men thus charged.
We are gravely told that because,a yearortwo
ago, a then member of Congiess, in one of the
dining saloons of this city, got into a personal
difficulty with a parcel of lush waiters, in which
one of them was killed, and the slayer brought to
trial and acquitted, this is one of the great causes
which have produced the murder and robbery that
are stalking abroad m this Federal city. And
then, again, a gentleman in this city assails an-
other with a cane, and is arraigned for a breach
of the pc-uce, and fined ^300; and that, we are
gravely told, is another of the causes of this lam-
entable state of public morals and of the^popular
insubordination in this city. But, perhaps it will
Le said that one of these gentlemen was a mem-
ber of this House and another a member of the
Senate. Sir, if there is any breach of senatorial
dignity, any breach of the privileges of this House,
the Senate and this House will punish the offense.
It is the duty of the judicial officii s of the land to
punish the bleaches of the pcace, and not to pun-
ifc>U the breaches of the dignity or the privileges
of cither House of Congress. 1 would not have
alluded to this subject but that this disposition to
attack the judiciary of the country, to assail the
men who are called upon to administer our laws,
is alarming. Break down, in popular estimation,
the judiciary; break down the confidence which the
people have in the courts of justice, in the tribu-
nals where they resort for the protection of their
persons and their property, to assert their rights
and redress their wrongs, and you destroy the
eiHcacy of your laws, you are ready to inaugu-
rate a revolution, and to bring the people to con-
clude that this republican Constitution is a fail-
ure, and that they must have another form of
Government.
Impressed with these views, impressed with
the necessity that some action should be taken to
increase the efficiency of, and give additional vigor
to, the present police force of this city, I am happy
to take the bill which has been presented to us for
our consideration, and to accord my assent to a
large portion of its provisions. And I assure you,
sir, and the members of this Houree, that in the
criticism which I propose to make upon it I shall
not be actuated by a factious opinion, or by
any disposition to criticise and oppose it merely
because I have the opportunity to do so. Still
less shall I examine it in a partisan or political
pointof view; for, Mr. Chairman, the public man 1
who believes that he has driven a nail into the wheel '
of his political fortunes so that it shall never a^ain i
levolve, has studied the past history of ourcoun- i
try to very little purpose. The party and the i
men who are in power to-day have no assurance :
that in twelve months they will be in power, or
that their friends will be in power. It was re-1
marked yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio, I
[Mr. Campbell,] no man in this country can say ;
that he is in power; that he is beyond the reach !
o'f contingencies, beyond the reach of the changes |
and fluctuations in popular sentiment. j
Mr. Chairman, in looking into the bill that has1
been presented to us by way of amendment to the j
bill of the Senate, one objection that strikes meat i
the threshold is, that the number proposed to be 1
added to the present police force of the city is
entirely too large. The present auxiliary police
force numbers fifteen men. This act proposes to
raise the force to one hundred, thus incieasing it
by the number of eighty-five. It seems to me that
that is an unnecessary increase, especially when
the bill is so fiamed as that we are obliged to have
the hundred men under any and all circumstances.
There is no discretion vested in any person or in
any power to reduce it. The language of the act
is declaratory, explicit. It is,
"Tnat thcie he established nn auxiliary guard or watch
for tlic pioteeiion ol pui>ou* and propel ry, and lot the en- i
foicemcnt nf the police regulation--: or (ho ruv of Washing- j
ton, to consist ot a chief at an annual salary of $2,000: one '
captain at an annual salary ot ,s!.;20U, lom lieutenants at an ,
annual salary of .^800 each, and one handled men at an an- j
nudi s-alaiy oi ftfiuo each, to be paid monthly.55 :
This difficulty, I suggest to the chairman of the !
Committee for the Disti ict of Columbia, could be j
veiy easily obviated in a manner which would]
work no disadvantage to anybody. That is, by ]
providing that one hundred should be the maxi-!
mum number: and by leaving it to the discretion ;
of the appointing power, under the exigencies of:
the times to make it that number or any number
less that may be found sufficient. On this point j
I suspect we shall have very litile difference of J
opinion. [
But there is another question connected with 1
this bill which goes deeper, and I suppose there
will be an honestand very wide difference of opin-
ion between the various members of the House,
i refer to ihe mode by which this force shall be
appointed.
Mr. GOODE. The gentleman from Tennessee,
and other gentlemen who spoke yesterday have
spoken of the present number of the auxiliary
guard. The present force is thirty, at an annual
cost of $20,000. By looking at the official legis-
ter the gentleman will find the correctness of my
statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not referred to the
official register for information. I referred to the
act of Congress passed 23d of August, 1842; and
that provides fifteen men. lam not aware of any
subsequent legislation, nor do I know by what
authority the add'nonal fifteen are appointed. I
presume the chanman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia can inform us where that
appointing power was obtained.
Mr. GOODE By subsequent legislation, of
course.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 thank the gentleman for
correcting my statement.
Mr. GOODE. The auxiliary guard are ap-
pointed by the Mayor, aud are paid by the Fed-
eial Government. j
Mr. MAYNARD. Then this bill proposes to i
add seventy to the present police force, which, it j
seems to me, is an increase hardly required. Cer-1
tain it is, that I would not like to make that in-!
crease absolute and imperative.
But 1 was proceeding to speak of the mode by i
which this force is to be appointed. The appoint-,
ment is to be made by the Piesidentof the United i
States. To that I have very serious and very!
grave objections. In the first place, it is a matter ,
which, I think, we ought not to trouble the Pres-1
ident with. I do not believe in bringingdown that i
office to the dignity of a town constable and head !
of police. It may be said that all he has to do is !
to appoint the chief of police, and that there his j
duties end. I ask gentlemen to look at this bill
and see if that is so. If it is so, then there is an-,
other most serious objection to it, greater even
than that; because, if the President's duties are i
at an end with the appointment of the chief of i
police, then I ask, to whom is this chief of police
lesponsible; and how long is he to hold his office ?
Suppose he is guilty of any amount of corrup-
tion and misrule and malfeasance in office, who
has the power to remove him ? who has the power
to call him to account ?
Mr. GOODE. The President.
Mr. MAYNARD. The1 President, says the
chairman of the committee. Very well. Then
it becomes a part of the President's duty to take
an oversight of the police of this city, arid to see
that his appointee discharges his duty faithfully
and properly, and that is bringing: the President
of the United States down to an office which I am
unwilling to see him perform.
* Mr. GOODE. He is bound to see every law
faithfully executed.
Air. MAYNARD. Well, that is all true as a
general principle of constitutional law, and there
are a great many other general principles in which
we should agree—these horn-book elementary
principles; the difficulty arises when we come to
apply them.
But there is another objection to vesting the
President with this appointing power. The Pres-
ident has patronage enough to dispense already,
and I am opposed to increasing it unnecessarily.
Still further, the President's duties are now quite
too onerous; he has more work to do than any
one man now living can possibly perform. Sir,
if he had the administrative ability of a Julius
Cajsar, or of a Napoleon—two men m the history
of the world who, perhaps, performed the greatest
amount of executive labor—it would be wholly
impossible for him properly to discharge the du-
ties devolved upon him as the heqd of this great
and growing Government. He cannot do it.
But is that the only objection ? Not at all. This
force is called the auxiliary guard, very much, I
supposeyupon the lucus a non lucendo principle.
A n auxihai y guaid ! Auxiliary to whom ? Aux-
liuuy in what way? The act of 1840, to which
I have adverted, provides for the appointment of
an auxiliary guard; and that is what it professes
to be—a guard appointed by the Mayor, and paid
by the Federal Government, m addition to the
police of the city of Washington, to strengthen
the hands of the municipal corporation. But this
bill does no such thing. This bill inaugurates a
system of absolute, uncontrolled, and irresponsi-
ble power, the like of which is not to be found
anywhere in the civilized governments of the
woild. What do you propose todo by this bill?
You propose that the President shall appoint, in
the first place, a chief of police. Who is he to
be? Whataretobe hisqualifications? And where
is he to come from? Silent is this bill on these
subjects—entiiely so. He may be from the State
of California, or from Maine, or from South Car-
olina; he may be from England, or France, or
Russia, or from regions further east. There is
no restraint m this matter. You may bring a man
here wholly alien in his feelings to this people,
and put him in authority—an authority almost ab-
solute and complete—over them. Then this man,
so appointed, can appoint his one captain, his
four lieutenants,and his one hundred men—men
whom he may also bring with him from the same
quarter whence he himself happened to come.
And thus, from the very outset of the game, you
place the fifty or sixty thousand permanent resi-
dents of this ci|y under the control of a force that
may have no sympathy with them,no interestin
their well being, and no regard whatever except-
ing for the hand that feeds it, and no desire but
to gratify the power upon which its bread and
meat depend. m
Then suppose this auxiliary guard mismanage
in their office; suppose they exercise this mighty
powei like a tyrant: I ask what remedy have these
people? Can they go to the ballot-box? No, no,
they are without remedy. They are obliged to
submit; ay, they have not even tho miserable
remedy which the down-trodden subjects of the
Czar have by long-established prescription pos-
sessed—-the infamous remedy of assassination.
Why, sir, your police force may establish in
this city the curfew, requiring that nightly, when
the eight o'clock bell shall strike, every fire shall
be covered up, aud eveiy light be extinguished
throughout the city. You may have every man,
woman, and child, who walks these streets, liable
to be arraigned and questioned,and made to dis-
close their whereabouts, their what-abouts, their
