1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2611
concerned, I will not stop to read more testimony
on that^point. I think, as the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Bishop] remarked, in his case,
I have cited enough to satisfy this side of the
House, and, I trust, ail the fair-minded men on
that side, that the price received was entirely in-
adequate, The testimony shows conclusively
that it'the fact of the intention of the Government
to sell the property had been known, and persons
desiring to purchase had been allowed to put in
bids for the property, in whole or in part, a much
larger price would have been realized than was
received for it.
But it is argued that if the property had been
exposed at public sale, there would have been
combinations to prevent the property from being
sold for a fair price.
If the commissioners had advertised for sealed
proposals, to be accepted or rejected by the com-
missioners, how could there have been combina-
tions so as to defeat a fair sale? It seems to me,
that mode, if no other, would have been a common-
sense course to have been pursued; but the Secre-
tary must show lus indomitable will by placing the
sale of this property into the hands of inexperi-
enced persons, to say the least, and have it sold
against the opinions of some of the most compe-
tent judges of its value to the defenses of the coun-
try. He must not be influenced by the opinions
of others who would be likely to have more knowl-
edge upon the subject than himself; he must show
his indomitable will by selling this property at a
secret sale, and allowing it thus to be sold at one
fourth its value. Sir, if this conduct constitutes
greatness, and is Jackson-like, then it is very
easy to make General Jacksons in those days.
But, Mr. Speaker, as was well said by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] this
testimony is as conclusive as you could expect to
obtain to prove impropei conduct undi-r such cir-
cumstances. If there was a fraudulent collusion,
you must, from the necessity of the case, prove it
from circumstantial evidence. No man, in office
or out, is likely to stand before the world his own
accuser. You must prove his corruption or im-
proper conduct by incidents and circumstances,
which, taken in connection with each other, make
up the case. It is impossible to do it in any other
way. Sir, take this whole testimony together,
and it shows in the first place that the reservation
was necessary for the purposes of the ^Govern -
ment, and therefore ought not to have been sold,
for it was not within the scope of the law; next, jt
shows that theJSecretary ordered it to he sold in
such away that it could only be purchased by two
or three men to the exclusion of all other citizens
who might desire to buy. That fact alone proves
a violation of law by the Secretary, and therefore
official misconduct. All citizens of the country
are to be treated alike by the executive officers of
the Government; and if advantages are given to
one, or to any class over another by the deliberate
action of the officer, it is a breach of official duty.
This reservation was sold by the Secretary,so that
no other persons, save the purchaseis, had any
knowledge that it was to be sold, and failed to ob-
tain thatknowledge, even on application to the
Secretary; and when other persons of equal re-
sponsibility, if they had been informed ot the sale,
would have given a larger price for it, on equally
advantageous terms for the Government. In my
judgment it would be difficult to piove a clearer
case of official misconduct on the part of an offi-
cer of the Government, unless you could show,
by positive proof, that he had rec< ived a pecu-
niary or other valuable consideration for his offi-
cial acts.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to say a
few word? upon the question now pending before
the House. Before 1 proceed to commcnt upon
the evidence in this case I must, and this House
must, certainly come to the conclusion that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Air. Grow] has
introduced a new rule for the construction of law,
while commenting upon the subject of the amend-
ment to the Armv appiopriation bill of the last
Congress, and the debate which occurred m the
Senate upon that amendment. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania argues that because Colonel
Welho, tiie chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who proposed the amendment, stated
in d.-bate that this reservation was to be sold at
pu -he auction, therefore the law must be con-
strued as if the words " at public sale" were in-
serted therein. It is the first time I have known
a construction of the statutes of the country to
depend upon the debates of the law-making pow-
er. The debates of the legislative body have been
quoted sometimes for the purpose of construing
a law, if there was ambiguity in it; and perhaps
the gentleman might derive some benefit from the
statement of Colonel Weller, if such were the fact
now.
But, sir, the statute in this case is positive and
imperative, authorizing the Secretary of War to
dispose of such military sites as have become, or
may hereafter become, useless. It therefore vest-
ed in the Secretary of War power to dispose of
such military sites in the manner he might deem
proper and prudent. If he chose to sell at private
sale, he had full authority to do so. If he chose
to invite propositions at public sale, the authority
to do so was fully conferred upon him. It has
sometimes so turned out in the history of the
country that the sale of military reservations, or
other portions of the land of the United States,
can best be made on better terms at private sale
than it can be at public sale. We have the ex-
ample of that in the sale of a portion of the Fort
Snellingreservation, when it was offered at public
auction two or three years ago, and none of it
brought more than $1 25 per acre. At the tune
of the reduction of this reserve, a portion of the
land was advertised for sale. At the sale, the very
combination took place by which some twenty or
thirty thousand acres passed into the hands of
citizens of this country at the price of $1 25 per
acre. Therefore I say that it was with these facts
before the Congress of the United States at the
time this amendment was putupon the Army bill,
that it was deemed wise policy to leave it to the.
Secretary of Warto dispose of the property either
at public or ptivate sale.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that there are in
this question but two points to be made: first,
was Fort Snellmg useless as a military post. If
it was useless, then the Secretary of War had
full authority to sell; but if it was needed for the
military defense of the country, or even as a de-
pot for supplies, then 1 am willing to admit that
it ought not to have been sold. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gnovv] cited the opinion
of military men on tins question, but in las cita-
tions he has not quoted coireetly the opinions
£>ivcn. In replying to the testimony of General
Jesup, he reads from the indorsement made by
him on an application a year ago for the sale of
; that property. General Jesup then gives it as
| his opinion that if troops arc to be concentrated
| in laige bodies, Fort Sneihng may be needed for
military purposes; but if another system is to be
pursued and the troops aie to be sent upon the
frontier for the purpose of giving protection to
the frontier settlements, then Fort Sneihng is not
needed for the military defense of the rountiy.
I desire to refer to the testimony ot Genera! Jesup,
that theie may he no mistake in inference to it;
for General Jesup has given his opinion on this
subject on two different occasions.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, to make
out his case, read as follows:
'•'If thu policy ih to be adopted, and it is certainly the
tiuc policv, not a foot of the -lte ot Foif Sneihng can be
"ip.in'd without weakening the deft use ot' the ilomle^.',
Again, in 1856, when application was made for
the sale of tins Fort Sneihng reservation, lie de-
livers this opinion:
'•The M e i' no loncrct of any value a* a position for de-
fence. Ts^ only value i.ow ij a- u deput ot'supplies iur tlie
l'ioimer post - m advance of it.''
He was speaking of it here as a depot, as a
place of deposit of stores to be sent forwaid to
po.^ts still further on the frontier. The opinion of
General Scott is, that it is no longer needed for mil-
itary defense, and he states that it is of little or no
value as a depot for supplies. I ask you whether
you are to take the opinion of military men on
this subject? 1 am willing to rest the case upon
the opinion delivered by military men. You will
find that the majority of those who have expressed
an opinion on the subject, decide that it is not
needed as apost of defense ur as a military depot.
But let us see the location of that reserve? It
is situated at the confluence of the Alinnesota and
the Mississippi rivers, and is more than one hun-
dred rnii'-s from the frontier. It is m the very
midst of a population of more than thirty thou-
sand souls, embraced within the radius of six
miles.
Mr. GROW. Is there not, in the gentleman's
State, a military reservation upon the borders of
St. Louis?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes, sir; and as
a post of military defense it ia useless. It is of no
service whatever, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is aware of it; it is a place where troops
are concentrated to be sent forward to the fron-
tier. They are sometimes brought down the Mis-
souri river, and stationed at Jefferson barracks
until they can be sent to other positions of the
country; they are sometimes placed there for drill
and discipline. I would be willing to dispose of
it unless it should be agreed to be retained as a
national foundory or manufacturing arsenal. Tho
system of keeping useless military reservations
is a system which has been condemned by Con-
gress over and over again. Why do you want
troops stationed within the borders of Missouri
for the purpose of defending her citizens from the
attacks of Indians ? Ought the soldiers to be placed
within the line of settlements, or ought they not
to be in advance of the line of settlements ? I pre-
tend to no military skill; but it is my opinion that
they ought to be in advance of settlements. Then
if the Indians should be disposed to make an at-
tack, and should go to tho settlements to rob and
murder,information would reach the post, and the
troops would be enabled to cut them off before
they could return.
Officers become attached to these posts in the
populous parts of the country, where they can
have society, and all the conveniences of life, and
always remonstrate with the Secretary of War
against breaking them up. It is for their own
convenience and for their own comfort that they
remonstrate against the abandonment of a post
within the line of settlements. I have no doubt,
if the opinion of military men were obtained,
that it would be found that Fort Leavenworth is
not necessary as a post of military defense. Set-
tlers have gone one hundred miles beyond it.
Many military men, I know, only look upon it as
a depot for supplies to be sent forward to the vari-
ous mditary posts upon the plains and upon the
routes of emigration to the Pacific. It is a place,
too, where supplies can be got cheap, and the
troops are broughtto winter, thus saving the cost
of the transportation of supplies to them.
Can anygentleman rise in his place and say that
Fort Sneihng was needed for the military defense
of the settlers of the State of Minnesota? There is
'the military post of Fort Ridgely, one hundred
miles west of it, and Fort Ripley, one hundred and
twenty miles to the north of Fort Sneihng. These
two forts are the proper places for the troops to
be stationed, instead of at a fort in the heart of a
population of thiity thousand.
The gentleman fi om Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
adverted to the fact that a board of Army officers
was convened for the purpose of forming an opin-
ion whether this was needed as a military post for
defense, or as a depot? and he took occasion to
remark that that board of officers was convened
immediately after the report was made to the
House in this case. That is true; and yet the
otder had gone forth prior to that time that these
officers should visit Fort Sneihng, examine that
post, and give their opinion on this question.
Why was that resorted to? From the fact that
certain officers of the Army had, in their testi-
mony before the committee, "declared that, in their
opinion, it ought to be retained longer as a mili-
tary post; while other officers came forward and
gave their opinion, in as positive a manner, in the
opposite view. That board of Army officers as-
sembled. After an examination of that site, after
taking into consideration the matter of defense
and the matter of furnishing supplies to the mili-
tary posts lying beyond Fort Snelling, they were
unanimously of opinion that it was no longer
needed for military purposes. The testimony of
Captain Todd is also embraced in the report of the
committee. It is true he no longer holds a com-
mission in the Army of the United States; and,
perhaps, in the opinion of some gentlemen, his
may, therefore, be incompetent testimony on mil-
itary affairs. This gentleman had been in the
Army, and had been in command of Fort Sneihng
for two years and upwards; and had, therefore,
an opportunity of forming an opinion of the value
of that property for military purposes; and he de-
