502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
of the Senate has been disregarded by those pres-
ent. I hope the order of the Senate will be pre-
served.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to have said this much, and this, perhaps
fortunate, interruption, brings me to a speedier
conclusion than I should otherwise have done. 1
do not think, in all soberness and earnestness, that
we can, injustice to the State of Minnesota, refuse
to consider her claims to admission here. How
her members will vote on this side or that side of
any question, can notbcanticipated. We have per-
mitted her to exeicise by anticipation the rights
of a sovereign State. We have permitted her to
make a constitution fora State government. She
has put on the armor of aState government in your
presence and by your permission. She is entitled
to all its privileges, and she is exercising them.
Though not yet within the limits of your Consti-
tution, she is by your authority in a state of prep-
aration for it,and has already, by your authority,
anticipated her sovereignty, and performed acts
which a. sovereign State alone could do. She has
made a constitution such as befits a sovereign
State. She has elected representatives, such as
a sovereign State is entitled to have on this floor.
She has done all this, not in the tumultuous, dis-
orderly manner in which we have frequently al-
lowed it to be done, but in regular conformity
with, and in obedience to, law. She is here in an
unquestionable form. I say in an unquestionable
form, if the report of the committee be relied upon,
and I will rely upon it. Why should she be held
back? Shall she be held back to be used by gen-
tlemen on the one side or the other, as a mere ar-
gument, a mere matter of constraint to carry or
prevent some other measure? I trust not. I do
not think that is just. I feel that i can do justice
now in reference to Minnesota, and I feei that I
can do equal and unswayed justice in the case of
Kansas, when that shall come up. It is not ne-
cessary as to me that one should be made to oper-
ate on the other. Nothing but reason, nothing
but justice should operate on the decision in eithei
case. Let us, then, act on this. It is not a mere
natter of courtesy to bo sure—it is far, far above
ir. It is an act of justice to this State; it is an act
of justice to ourselves, and to the Union of these
States, that Minnesota should come in, and that
without unnecessary delay. There has been a
week's delay since the report was made. There
is no reason why it should be postponed—no rea-
*.on at all adequate which has been alleged by any
gentleman who has spoken against the present
consideiation of the subject.
I have heard no objection to the constitution; I
have heard of no irregularity pointed out in the
making of the constitution. There was some little
controversy among the members of tfce conven-
tion who formed it, who separated into different
bodies; but they came together at last, and agreed
on one instrument that was submitted to the people,
and adopted by the almost unanimous vote of the
people. The sovereign hand of the people has
jatified and sealed the instrument made by their
delegates in convention. What more does any
one want? Nothing more, according to any form
of proceeding with respect to any other State that
has ever been admitted.
As to the objection of my honorable friend from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that these Senators
perhaps have only a very questionable right to
their seats, inasmuch as they have been elected
by a Legislature before the admission of the State
into the Union, that, I think, is settled by the
constant practice of the Senate. Practice and pie-
ccdent, even if there was a little error in it, have
established that doctrine. We cannot go behind
all the precedents, and say now, that these gen-
tlemen aie not entitled to their seats because they
were elected before the admission of the State into
the Union. Tiiat might have been aquestiononce;
but it was never one, I think, of much moment
or difficulty.
The people of Minnesota, as I said before, are
exercising the anticipated rights of a sovereign,
and, while in a transition state, they are of neces-
sity permitted to exercise and perform acts which
none but a sovereign could perform without your
consent. You have given your consent that they
shall become a State. They are exercising, by a
little anticipation, the right of a sovereign State
m electing Senators, after they have exercised the
same right in establishing and presenting to the
people a constitutional form of government. It
is a Legislature within that ample sense of the
Constitution of the United States; that beneficial
construction of it which is necessary to its useful
operation. It comes within its reasonable and
proper construction.
That, however, is not the question now before
us. Admit the State, and then when the Senators
present themselves, it will be time enough to con-
sider whether their credentials and their election
have been of that character to entitle them to a
seat. I hope we shall proceed with this bill and
finish it before anything else is done. I think it
is the greatest exigency that we now have. The
body is not complete. Two of the judges that
ought to decide upon all questions are excluded,
and it is said are to be excluded till another ques-
tion is settled. I am opposed to all that sort of
action by this body. I want direct action on every
subject that comes before us, according to its
character, and according to its exigency. This is
one of the exigencies, in my opinion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] seems to be under the im-
pression that I am going to apply one rule to
Minnesota and another to Kansas. I desire to
relieve him from any apprehension of that kind
so far as I am concerned. He is entirely mis-
taken in assuming that I regard an enabling act,
as it is called, as essential. 1 have in explanation
of that point said, in reply to the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Green,] the Senatorfrom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Biulek,] and several other Sen-
ators, that I deemed the want of an enabling act
an irregularity which might be waived or not ac-
cording as the proceedings were fair and just or
not. I do not regard an enabling act as at all es-
sential; because if there is no enabling act, and if
Congress, therefore, has not given.its assent to
the formation of a constitution, yet if the people
proceed and make a constitution, and when it
comes here we believe it embodies the will of the
people fairly expressed, that they have the requi-
site population, that the boundaries are fair and
proper, we may waive the omission of an en-
abling act and receive them into the Union. I
have voted several times since I have been a mem-
ber of the two Houses of Congress for the admis-
sion ofStates undersuch circumstances,and hence
I do not regard an enabling act as at aUessentiul.
it may be waived. The essential point is that
the constitution must be the act of the people em-
bodying their will,
I have not regarded submission to the people
as an essential principle. It is a fair way of as-
certaining the popular will, when that will is dis-
puted. It is a means of ascertaining an end; but
if there is no dispute that the constitution pre-
sented is the will of the people, it is no more es-
sential to have a vote of submission, than it is in
this body on the passage of a bill that the yeas
and nays shall be recorded each time. If you put
the question and one Senator says 44 ay," and no-
body says " no," you declare it carried; the will
of the body on the point is not questioned; but if I
rise in my place, or any other Senator docs, and
demands a count, or a sufficient number demand
the yeas and nays, they are taken, in order to as-
certain the essential point, whether it is the will
of the body that the act in question shall become a
law. So with regard to the question in Kansas
and Minnesota. Satisfy me that the constitution
adopted by the people of Minnesota is their will,
and I am prepared to take it. Satisfy me that
the constitution adopted, or said to be adopted,
by the people of Kansas, is their will, and 1 am
prepared to take it. I will not apply one rule to
Minnesota and another to Kansas. I will never
apply one rule to a free State and another to a
slaveholding State. I hold each of the States
equal in this Confederacy, and apply the same
rule to one as to the other.
I have deemed this explanation necessary, in
order to correct the erroneous impression into
which the Senator from Mississippi had fallen.
It is an explanation which I have, in substance,
had occasion to make on two or three previous
occasions.
Now, sir, in regard to the admission of Min-
nesota, I apprehend that there are no such irreg-
ularities as enter into the essence of the question.
I shall be prepared to show, beyond all doubt,
when the question comes up, that the constitution
here presented is the act of the people of Minne-
sota; that it embodies their will; that the enabling
act has been substantially complied with; that the
boundaries are those prescribed by Congress in
the enabling act; that the population is more than
sufficient forone Representative in Congress; and
that there are none of the conditions omitted upon
which she was to be admitted into the Union. I
am prepared, therefore, to vote for the admission of
Minnesota on her own state of facts, and then I
will deal "with Kansas on her own state of facts,
without reference to Minnesota. As I stated be-
fore, show me a constitution from Kansas that is
the act of her people, embodying their will, and
you will not find me voting against it, either be-
cause of the absence of an enabling act, or because
of the absence of a formal vote of submission, or
because it is a slaveholding State, or for any other
cause; she having the proper boundaries and the
requisite population.
If I know myself, it is my fixed purpose to deal
with each of these questions separately, each upon
its own state of fact and upon its own merits.
When Oregon comes—and I understand that her
constitution is here—I shall take up her case, and
deal on the same principles with her, without in-
quiring whether her Senators will vote this way
or that way on the Army bill, this way or that
way on the Pacific railroad bill, this way or that
v/ay on Kansas; without inquiring whether they
are Republicans or Democrats, and without in-
quiring whether herconstitution recognizes, toler-
ates, or prohibits slavery. If she comes, she will
come without an enabling act; yet, if her consti-
tution is the act of her people, the embodiment
of their will, and the evidence is satisfactory on
that point, she having the requisite population
and the proper boundaries, she will receive my
vote for admission, if there is any insuperable
objection on either of these points, she will not
receive it; but I will not prejudge it until the facts
arc before us.
Mr. GREEN. It is unpleasant to me to be
represented in a class of objectors to which I do
not belong; and I iegret that the honorable Sen-
ator from Kontu«*ky, m singing his song of praise
to the Union, used general terms, which might
be construed as including me as uttering threats
against the integrity of the Union. T did no such
thing. I stated my propositions with as much
clearness as my understanding of the English lan-
guage will permit; and I expect to carry nothing
by threat or denunciation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will say that I certainly made no
personal allusion to the honorable Senator.
Mr. GREEN. Certainly not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My remarks were gen-
eral.
Mr. GREEN. And that is what I think casts
the imputation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that they
apply at all to the honorable Senator.
Mr. GREEN, ft was because of the generality
of the expression that I object to the remark. "I
want explanations made, if others deem it their
duty to speak in deprecating terms of the exist-
ence of the Union, let them do it, and be respons-
ible for it. For myself, I speak of this Union as
of the mother who has cherished me from youth.
I opposed the taking up of the Minnesota bill,
forreasons that I stated, and which have not been
met or corrected. Gentlemen have gone off, as I
think, into other things, irrelevant, immaterial,
and unnecessary to the proper consideration of
the Minnesota bill. The Senator from Kentucky
is mistaken in one thing, however. When he
says the action in Minnesota has all been in pur-
suance of the enabling act passed by Congress,
he greatly mistakes the facts returned before us.
The law of Congress said they might have sev-
enty-eight delegates, and they had one hundred
and eight. The law of Congress said those dele-
gates should meet together in convention. They
never so met. They split it into two parties, one
meeting in one place, and another at another. The
law of Congress said that the State, when she
presented herself, should be admitted with one
Representative, and-as many others as the returns
of the census should prove her to be entitled to
under the apportionment of 1850. That has not
yet taken place.
My first objection to the present consideration-
of the bill is, that the pledge we made to Minne-
sota that she should be admitted with a represent-
