2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
ctared it as his opinion that it is no longer needed
for defense or as a depot- Colonel Thomas, how-
ever, testifies that it is needed as a military depot,
and that supplies should he brought there from
St. Louis, and forwarded thence to Fort Elidgely
and £Tort Ripley. Now, what has been the prac-
tice? While Captain Todd was in command of
Fort Snelling, he testifies that the supplies for
Forts Ridgelyand Ripley were brought up to St.
Paul, and not to Fort Snelling—only six miles
distant—there landed, and sent forward to Forts
Ridgelyand Ripley. When you find this to have
been the practice of the Government when that
military post was occupied, I ask if there is any
probability that a change of that practice would
have taken place? The reason given why supplies
were veshipped at St. Paul, is, that it was form-
erly considered the head of navigation for boats
of large size. Supplies were deposited at St. Paul,
and stored there until they were needed to be sent
forward to the other posts.
I think, then, Mr. Speaker, from the testimony
in the case, from the testimony given by these
military men, from the position of this and the
other posts, that it is conclusively shown that
Fort Snelling was no longer needed for purposes
of defense or as a military depot.
The only other question, then, in the case, is, i
was the price received by the Government for ;
this property an adequate price ? What is this
military reserve? It is represented as being a '
tract of land situated about six miles above St. j
Paul, and estimated to contain six or eight thou- [
sand acres. That is the minimum and maximum I
of the estimate. In regard to the situation and j
the quality of the land, the witnesses testify va- 1
riously. One witness testifies that he thinks that j
at least two thousand acres of it is overflowed I
land-,land which, under th^ swamp-land act,would j
have gone to the State of Minnesota. Another j
witness testifies that a large portion of ij is snndy. ;
Other witnesses testily that a portion of it is in '
the bluff; and others, that the quality of the soil j
isnotremarkablyfine, but,onthe contrary, poor; '
and they express the opinion thatfor agricultural j
purposes, or any other purpose whatever, the !
Government of the United States has received .
more than the land was worth. In the opinion j
of others, it has received its lair equivalent; but
in the opinion of some half dozen witnesses who
give a fictitious value to it because tliey think it
is a good location for a town site, the Govern-
ment received an inadequate price for it. They
express the opinion that it could have been sold
for more. But the current of t he testimony or' tin-
witnesses residing m Minnesota, of those ac-
quainted with the land, and who have examined
it with respect to its value, is, that they would
not give the price which Steele obliged himself to
pay. They consider that he paid too much for
the property, and they would not have it at the
price,
This, Mr. Speaker, is a fair summary of the
testimony; and if it be, I ask whether there has
been any thingculpable in the conduct of the Sec-
retary of War? I ask whether he had not au-
thority to dispose of this property as he did dis-
pose of it? And I ask whether his agents, whom
he appointed to negotiate*the sale, have not ob-
tained a lair equivalent and fair consideration for
this property ?
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grto'.v] comments on the fact that the sole was
made to Franklin Steele. Yes; and he had a good
claim on it, as we nay m the West, lie had the
strongest right wh ieh is recognized among us all in
the WVst. U is a part of the unwritten law of
the land, but nevertheless it is enforced on all oc-
casions. He had a stronger claim to become the
puiv.hai'or of that pi opei ty than any other person;
because, by the permission and consent of the
Government, lie had erected valuable improve-
ments upon it—improvements estimated to be of
greater value than thirty thousand dollars.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, however,
says that Mr. McKenzie lived there. Mr. Me-
Kenzse did nut live there, but at St. Louis, and
was not the owner of the property in his own
right. He became possessor of it as the admin-
istrator of Baker. It is so testified to by Steele,
who also testifies that he acquired ail-the interest
which McKenzie had in the property before
making his purchase. If any witness contradicts
the testimony of Steele, I have yet to learn who
that witness is. AH the improvements on that
military reservation, at the date of the sale, be-
longed to Franklin Steele, and were estimated as
being worth thirty or forty thousand dollars. The
very hotel which had been owned by McKenzie
was then owned and controlled by Steele.
Mr. BURNETT. When Steele became the pur-
chaser of this propprty, under an arrangement
between him and the agent of McKenzie, he sup-
posed that he had acquired all the claim which
McKenzie might have to the improvements made
upon the reservation, but he was to satisfy Mc-
Kenzie, the administrator of Baker, who was
entitled to the claim.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Here is the tes-
timony to which I was referring:
" Question 1307. At what time did you purchase from Mc-
Kenzie ?
" Jlns «er. I never purchased any land from McKenzie.
1 bought, or agieed to buy, fiom linn some improvements
upon the reserve. H was after Major Eastman arnved there
ami commenced making the suivey.
u Question 1308. Was this before the sale ?
a ^Answer. Ye:?, sir.
" Question 13H. How do you know that McKenzie was
nuthouzed by the War Depaitmentto settle upon it and use
it lor juiv puipofcc lie pleased?
11 x/lnswcr. lie was never authorized to settle upon it. I
have not ftated that he was authorized to make improve-
ment*.-; f stvted that he w:w nuthouzed to occupy the nn-
pioveimjiH which he owned by puichuso. lie purchased the
niiptovomoiit, oi it came to him a^ the trustee, or adminis-
trator ot Mr. I :iker. These nnpiovcinents weie there for
the puipo&e of Indian tiude."
At the time the contract was made, Steele rep-
resented that he had acquired all the interest of
McKenzie, and the interest which McKenzie had
in the propetty w>as as administrator of Baker,
who had been permitted to settle upon the reser-
vation.
Mr. Speaker, I remarked that I thought there
were but two questions involved in this inquiry:
First,lmd this military post become useless,either
as a work of defense or as a depot for military
supplies to be sent elsewhere ? 1 have but one ad-
ditional remai k to make in reference to that point,
and that is, that if it was maintained as a military
depot, the cost of maintaining it, superadded to
the interest on the value of the property, would
far excccd the expense of storage at St. Paul, or
of paying the salary of an officer to manage the
property at St. Paul. The annual cost of main-
taining this post, if one company only should be
stationed at it, would be more than $27,000. The
interest on the purchase money would be $5,4(MJ.
The other question is, has the property been sold
for an adequate price, or has the Government of
the United States been the loser? Taking into
consideration the liability to form combinations,
and the fact that a combination had taken place
at a former s-:al<>, at thia very point, I think that
the commissioners were justified in making the
sale privately instead of publicly; and a majoiity
of the witnesses testify that the amount received
was an adequate sum, while several of them tes-
tify that it is greatly more than the property is
worth. The attempt, for political purposes, as I
believe, has been made to assail the Secretary of
War in this transaction. As far as his conduct
is concerned, I consider there is no just cause of
assault on this faithful public officer. He ought
not to receive the censure of the public or of this
llou se.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, it is not
my intention to discuss the merits of the sale of
Fort Snelling; but the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] this morning, in making his
speech, saw tit to assail the character, and allude
sneeringly to some of the citizens of the State
which i have the honor in part to represent. The
gentleman read some of the names attached to
petitions from the citizens of that State, which I
. have no doubt are disgusting and obnoxious to
I that gentleman, and a majority of the gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, simply and
solely because mostof those read by him are for-
eign names.
Allow me to say to the gentleman, and also to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
that they have assailed gentlemen here by name
| who are their peers m every walk of life, and in
everyposition in which they may or can be placed.
The gentleman from Massachusetts descended to
a lower depth, as was remarked by the gentleman
! from Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop,] than any other
" gentleman who has spoken upon that side of the
question. He announced to the House that Mr.
Franklin Steele had resided on the reservation for
along time,and had had seven children bo£n there.
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts a question. Do you, sir, when that good
time comes, of which your party dreams, and for
which it prays, when you will have a majority.in
Congress, and a Republican President at the other
end of the avenue, mean, by calling this matter
of the children in question, to regulate the increase
of humanity by act of Congress ?
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman wish a re-
ply?
• Mr. CAVANAUGH. If the gentleman wishes
to reply, he can do so.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from Min-
nesota understand my speech, or any portion of
it, from the beginning to the end, to have reflected
on Mr. Franklin Steele, because he had made his
home upon that reservation, because he had re-
sided there for twenty years, and because seven
children had been born to him there ? If he does,
then I very much regret that he dr es not under-
stand the English language better.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts alluded to Franklin Steele, and
asked those gentlemen who are defending the Sec-
retary of War by what right Steele was upon this
land, and if he had apremption right, or had filed
a claim upon a reservation belonging to the Uni-
ted States? He stated, further, that Franklin
Steele had accumulated a princely fortune whilst
residing upon this reservation. Now, it may be
owing to my ignorance in not being able to com-
prehend the English of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, butlcertainly drew the inference from
those remarks, that, in the gentleman's opinion,
Franklin Steele was to blame for having accumu-
lated a fortune, and in having children born to
him on the reservation; and that the Secretary of
War was to blame for selling this property to this
Minnesota millionaire, when it ought to have been
sold to some other individual.
Now, for the information of that gentleman,
and of the House, I will say that Franklin Steele
has resided in the Territory of Minnesota for the
last twenty years. He went there a poor young
man, unknown, unpatronized, and unprotected;
and by the labor of his own arm, and his own en-
ergy of character, he has made his way to fortune.
And now, because this man upon the extreme
frontier has risen from poverty and obscurity
to wealth and station, he must be sneered at here
by gentlemen from the older States. Mr. Henry
M. Rice has also been lugged it>to this discus-
sion. The gentleman from Massachusetts asked
who John C. Mather and Augustus Schell were?
The friends of those gentlemen can answer for
them. I speak only for my own friends—resi-
dents and distinguished citizens of Minnesota.
I think, myself, that I need not say who Henry
M. Rice is. lie had the honor of a seat upon the
floor of the old Hall as a representative of the
Territory of Minnesota, and, in that capacity,
won for himself not only a State, but a national,
imputation for industry, talent, and energy, a pu-
rity of character, and a manly fearlessness in the
discharge of every duty he was called upon to
perform. The people of Minnesota have in-
dorsed him by sending him to the United States
Senate as their first choice. The expression of ap-
proval was not confined to his own party friends.
Even Republicans were compelled to vote for him
in consideration of the eminent ability with which
he represented that Territory while he was Dele-
gate. Henry M. Rice, Mr. Speaker, needs no
defense from me. The public records of the na-
tion, and lus past services to his State, speak for
him. Hut there are other individuals who have
been alluded to here, not so well known as the
gentleman I have mentioned.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
spoke of a band of office-holders in Minnesota,
and has alluded to the present Governor of that
State, the Hon. Henry H. Sibley, formerly a Del-
egate from that Territory m this body. Now, sir,
I remember very distinctly, during the last cam-
paign in that State—and 1 wish to say here, that
; this Fort Snelling difficulty, this Fort Snelling
"swindle," as it is called, is no new subject to
me or the people of Minnesota—that Governor
Sibley was repeatedly charged by the Republi-
can press and orators with "being a party to this
transaction, a participator in the "swindle-," and
it was by him-pronounced false. The charge was
