550
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ferred on the President of the United States by
this act, shall cease and determine on the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Sec. 11. And be it fwrther enacted, That to de-
fray the expenses of engraving, printing, pre-
paring, and issuing the Treasury notes herein
authorized, the sum of twenty thousand dollars
is hereby appropriated, to be paidoutof any un-
appropriated money in the Treasury: Provided,
That no compensation shall be made to any offi-
cer whose salary is fixed by law, for preparing,
signing, or issuing Treasury notes.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit,
or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or
counterfeited,or willingly aid or assist in falsely
making, forging, or counterfeiting, any note in
imitation of or purporting to be a Treasury note,
issued as aforesaid, or shall pass, utter, or pub-
lish, or attempt to pass, utter, or publish, as true,
any false, forged, or counterfeited note, purport-
ing to be a Treasury note as aforesaid, knowing
the same to be falsely made, forged, or counter-
feited, or shall falsely alter, or cause or procure
to be falsely altered, or willingly aid or assist in
falsely altering any Treasury note issued as afore-
said, or shall pass, utter, or publish, or attempt
to pass, utter, or publish as true, any falsely
altered Treasury note, issued as aforesaid, know-
ing the same to be falsely altered, evevy such
person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of
felony;and being thereof convicted by due course
of law, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and
kept at hard labor for a period not less than three
years nor more than ten years, and to be fined
in a sum not exceeding five thousand dollars.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any
person shall make or engrave, or cause or procure
to be made or engraved, or shall have in his cus-
tody and possession any metallic plate engraved
after the similitude of any plate from which any
notes issued as aforesaid shall have been printed,
with intent to Use such plate, or cause or suffer
the same to be used in forging or counterfeiting
any of the notes issued as aforesaid, or shall
have in his custody or possession any blank note
or notes engraved and printed after the similitude
of any notes issued as aforesaid, with intent to
use such blanks, or cause or suffer the same to
be used in forging or counterfeiting any of the
notes issued as aforesaid, or shall have in his
custody or possession any paper adapted to the
making of such notes, and similar to the paper
upon which any such notes shall have been issued,
with intent to use such paper, or cause or suffer
the same to be used, in forging or counterfeiting
any of the notes issued as aforesaid, every such
person, being thereof convicted by duo course of
Jaw, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned and kept
to hard labor for a term not less than three nor
more than ten years, and fined in a sum not ex-
ceeding five thousand dollars.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause a statement to be published monthly of the
amount of Treasury notes issued, and paid and
redeemed, under the provisions of this act, show-
ing the balance outstanding each month.
Approved, December 23, 1857.
Chap. IV.-—An Act to supply an omission tn the
enrollment of a certain act therein named.
Whereas, the following clause of the act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight/' ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, to wic: " For the manufacture of arms at
the national armories, three hundred and sixty
thousand dollars," was omitted in the enrollment
of the said act: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That the sum of three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, for the manufacture of
arms at the national armories, be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, February 4, 1858.
Chap. V.—An Act to alter the time of holding
the Courts of the United States for the State
of South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passing of this
act, the terms of the district court of the United
States for South Carolina, at its sitting in Charles-
ton, shall be held on the first Monday in January,
May, July, and October, in each ani every year,
instead of at the times heretofore appointed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passing of this act, the term of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for South Carolina,
at its sitting in Charleston, shall be held on the
first Monday in April, in each and every year,
instead of at the time heretofore appointed.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, Thatall writs,
recognizances, and process of all kinds, already
issued, taken or made returnable to the time hith-
erto appointed for the terms of the said courts,
shall be considered and taken as made for the
time herein provided for the said courts.
Approved, February 10, 1858.
Ciiap. 111.—An Act to detach Selma, in the State
of Alabama, from the Collection District of
New Orleans, and make it a Port of Delivery
within the Collection District of Mobile.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of jRepre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Selma, m the State of Alabama,
which was constituted a port of delivery within
the collection district of New Orleans by the act
of third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
chapter one hundred and two, be detached from
that district, and be made a port of deli very within
the collection district of Mobile.
Approved, January 27, 1858.
Chap. VI.—An Act making Appropriations for
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the united States, for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of .Tune, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
For invalid pensions, under various acts, three
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For pensions under acts of the eighteenth
March, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifteenth
May, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and
seventh June, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
eighteen thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
in the revolutionary war, under the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, the acts of seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight, third March,eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three, seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four, second February, and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, and second section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
act of twenty-first of July, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, fiiht section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty three, and under spe-
cial acts, eighty-six thousand dollars.
For privateer invalids, five hundred dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans,
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, ninety thousand dollars.
Approved, February 10, 1858.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to enable the President of
the United States to fulfill the Stipulations con-
tained in the third and sixth Articles of the
Treaty between the United States and the King
of Denmark, of the eleventh April, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, foi the discontinuance
of the Sound Dues.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the President of the United States to fulfill
the stipulations contained in the third and sixth
articles of the treaty between the United States
and the King of Denmark, of the eleventh April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, viz:
To carry out the stipulation contained in the
third article of said treaty, three hundred and
ninety-three thousand and eleven dollars.
To carry out the stipulation contained in the
sixth article of said treaty, fifteen thousand seven
hundred and twenty dollars and forty-four cents,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to pay
the interest provided for in said article.
Approved, March 4, 1858.
Chap. IX.—An Act to appropriate Money to sup-
ply Deficiencies in the Appropriations for Pa-
per, Printing, Binding, and Engraving, ordered
by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Con-
gresses, and which has been executed.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Aiherica in Congress
assembled, That, for the purpose of defraying the
deficiencies in the appropriations for the paper
for the printing, for the printing and for the bmd-
ing, engraving and lithographing, ordered by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the Thir-
ty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, the fol-
lowing sums of money are hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated:
To pay for paper, one hundred and four thou-
sand dollars.
To pay for the printing ordered by the Senate
and House of Representatives during the Thirty-
Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, fifty-seven
thousand six hundred and nineteen dollars and
ninety-four cents.
To pay for the binding, lithographing, and en-
graving, ordered by the Senate during the Thirty-
Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, one hun-
dred and seventy-nine thousand five hundred and
sixty-nine dollars and sixty-four cents.
Approved, March 11, 1858.
Chap. XII.—An Act to create additional Land
Districts in the State of California, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to establish
additional land districts, in his discretion, not
exceeding three, in the State of California, and to
fix, from time to time, the boundaries thereof, as
the public interest may require; which districts
shall, respectively, be named after the places at
which the offices shall first be established; and
the President shall be authorized hereafter, from
time to time, as circumstances may require, to
adjust the boundaries of any and all of the land
districts m said State, and remove the offices when
the same shall be expedient.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Pres-
ident is hereby authorized to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or during
the recess thereof, and until the end of the next
ensuing session, a register and a receiver for each
of said additional districts, who shall, respect-
ively, be required to reside at the site of the offi-
ces, shall be subject to the same laws and respons-
ibilities, and whose compensation shall be the
same as is now prescribed by law for other land
offices m that State.
Approved, March 29, 1858.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to provide for the organ-
ization of a Regiment of Mounted Volunteers
for the Defense of the Frontier of Texas, and
to authorize the President to call into the ser-
vice of the United States two additional Regi-
ments of Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre*
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
! be authorized to receive into the service of the
United States one regiment of Texas mounted
volunteers, to be raised and organized by the
