15S&
THE '"CONG'RE'SSIONAL 'G'LOBm
April 14,
tyhchce and their whither, at the word and beck
of this irresponsible body of Men.
. It is no answer to this, objection.to say-that we
do not suppose .the present Chief Magistrate will
execute this power in this way. It is no answer
to ask me if I am unwilling to intrust the police
of this city in the hands of the"present Chief Ma-
gistrate. It is no answer far gentlemen to say
that they .would trust. Mr. Fillmore-if he were
President, as soon as Mr.. Buchanan. I,might trust
Mr. Buchanan, or. Mr, Fillrrtore, or Mr. Pieree,
butii would not trust the President of the United
States as this bill proposes. Sir, I Would not trust
myself. There is no man,possessing any degree
of self:knowledge, who does not kno w and feel in
the very inmost recesses of his soul, that he, him-
self, is.unfit to' bs the Gusjtodian of unlimited, irre-
sponsible, uncontrolled power. But that is what
this bill, as I read it, proposes to give to .the Pres-
ident of the United States in making these ap-
pointments. ..
An allusion was made, yesterday, by thegen-
tUman from.Virginia, [M-r. Clemens,] to the po-
Jice'systsm .of .the city of New York. As a per-
sonal fetortiit rflay have been very happily put
—and upon that I have nothing to say—but it is
no answer to the objection I am making; for, if
1 haveiunderstood what the general sentiment is
with respect to the present police'system of the
city Of New York, that sentiment is unfavorable
to. it,.'and the public voice is against it. Euteven
that does not come within bow-shot of what is
proposed here. The police system of New York
glaces the-police under the control of the general
tate government, of which the people of the city
are a constituent part. .This bill proposes to place
the. people of, the city of Washington under the
President of the United States, in constituting
whom they.liave no part. The gentleman from
Virginia will see that the distinction is a very
wide and important one.
Mr. CLEMENS. The very principles upon
which the gentleman from Tennessee proceeds to
argue, show that the bill proposed by the com-
mittee is preferable to the one proposed by the
gentleman from New York,and of which, I pre-
sume, the gentleman from Tennessee is the ad-
vocate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will not presume too much.
Mr. CLEMENS. The President is in loco
parentis to the people of this city, and the Con-
gress of the United States is the local legislature,
and the people of the District of Columbia have
jio right of sovereignty at all. They are here in
.the relation merely of children to the legislative
department of the Government. The legislative
power is given to Congress. Eut in the case of
the New York police bill, they not only took
away the power .of appointment from the city,
but gave it to the Governor of the State, who sent
commissioners of police there from the interior
of the State, in whose hands was placed the entire
control of the police department of the city of New
York. And that is the reason I alluded to the po-
sition taken by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Comins.1
Mr. RUSSELL. And made the city of New
York pay the expense.
... Mr, CLEMENS. That is so. Here the peo-
.ple have no power of taxation for police purposes.
The money must come from the national Treas-
ury, and that presents a strong reason why the
President, who is the representative of the people
of .theUnited States,to whom the money belongs,
should have the power of appointment.
Mr. MAYNARD, [pleasantly.] I desire to
have at least half of the time, as I am upon the
floor, and am responsible for the speech.
We are told that the people here stand in the
relation of children to the President, as the head
of the Federal Government. That has not been
the policy of this Government hitherto. Among
theearliest legislation of Congress, under the pro-
visions of the Constitution, conferring exclusive
jurisdiction over such district as might become the
seat of the General Government, was a statute
giving to the people of this city the power to reg-
ulate and control their own municipal affairs.
They have had, from the earliest period, a muni-
cipal government for the protection and manage-
ment of their local interests. They have had the
power to govern themselves to a certain extent,
and they have exercised that power; and I am op-
posed, at this late day, to depriving them of it. I
am opposed to this auxiliary guard, of which they
might well say, noil tali auxilio.
A word in regard to the taxation of the people
of this city, suggested by what fell from the
gentleman from Vifginia. I understand the fact
to be that the city authorities have gone to the
full extent of the taxing power,conferred by the
charter—the power to tax to the extent of thfe.e
fourths of one per cent, upon -the valuation of
property. But the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Seward] intimates that they do not assess their
property at its full value. I am told that they do;
that property here is rated at its fliU cash value,
and in softie instances above it. I was told of one
instance, as an illustration of it, that a piece of
property, which sold for $1,200, was rated in the
tax list at $1,800, fifty per cent, above its easli
value in market,
Mr. SEWARD. Does the gentleman know
what the aggregate value of the property in this
city is?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not. I have not had
occasion to examine the matter.
Mr. SEWARD I wanted to know, so that
I could ascertain what a tax of three fourths of
one per cent, would amount to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Anybody with half an eye
would see that for the various corporation pur-
poses of this city, no ordinary amount of taxa-
tion would be sufficient. It is extended over a
very large area of ground, a large portion of which
is unimproved and unproductive. It is traversed
by streets and avenues wider, more numerous,
and more extensive than in any other city of the
Union. It is a city of which the expenses, ac-
cording to its population, besides those additional
expenses put upon it by the fact of the location
of the General Government here, would in my
opinion, be double those of any other city in
the country of the same population. This arises
mainly from the manner in which the city is laid
out. Besides this tax of seventy-five cents upon
each hundred dollars of assessed property, there
are other impositions laid upon the tax payers.
For example, the lighting of the streets; for with
the exception of Pennsylvania avenue and the
public grounds, all the streets are lighted at the
expense of the contiguous owners. Some gentle-
man near me says " No ! they are not lighted tit
all. " I admit I may be wrong, for there are some
portions of the city in which I have never hap-
pened to be when artificial lights are necessary.
The gentleman may be correct in his knowledge
of the geography of the city.
Mr. CLEMENS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the citizens of Washington pay
the whole expense for lighting it?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Government pays for
Pennsylvaniaavenue,and I never knew that there
was but one street in Washington, and only one
side of that street.
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot help that. It is
not my fault if the gentleman does not know it.
But, Mr. Chairman, I was alluding to this fact
to show that it was vain to ask that the people of
this city should bear the whole expense of its civic
administration. True, we heard a remark made
here the other day, by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kilgore,] to the effect that if you would
remove the scat of Government to his State, they
would take care of it without any expense to the
country. I imagine, however, if we were in In-
diana, we would find the people there a good deal
like the people elsewhere; for we find human na-
ture very much the same everywhere.
Now, sir, this is not altogether a matter of
dollars and cents with me. This is our Federal
metropolis; this is the great capital of our great
country; it is a city in which we all take an inter-
est, m which we all take pride. I imagine there
is scarcely a man, who, in his boyhood days, road
the sarcastic notes appended to certain sarcastic
poems, by a certain flippant Irish poetaster, that
did not-feel his blood flow with lively indignation
that a man would defame and vilify the infant
metropolis of his beloved country. I would make
this city worthy of the great nation of which it is
the seat of Government. I would make it such
a place, that when we bring our children here to
show them these gorgeous temples, these tower-
ing monuments, these magnificent piles of archi-
tecture, and when they ask what mean these
stones, we could with "pride point to them as the
glorious memorial of what our fathers did, that
we might here teach them new lessons of patriot-
ism,'and inspire them with a deeper ahd more
ardent love of country.
But roy friend from Virginia [Mr, Clemens]
says-he supposes I am in favor of this italicized
amendment—the amendment of the gentleman
from New. York, ['Mr. Do.d .] I.confess I am
not. I read it with some care, and have tried very
hard to see whether I could not favor it. It strikes
me as a clumsy and awkward contrivance, which
will be very difficult to carry into efficient oper-
ation, and which, if carried into operation, will
be of very'Httle Use.
Now, sir, I do not know why we should depart
from the policy which has governed Congress
ever since the passage of the act of 1842. I do
not see why we should take from the people of
thc'District this power of self-government. My
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] intro-
duced yesterday an argument, if I understood him,
to this effect: that the charter of the eity of Wash-
ington being a vested right, it cannot be changed
or modified except with the assent of the eorpor
rators. 1 understood him to state that as a legal
proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The prop-
osition I mean to assert is this; that whenever a
municipal corporation is created, and vested lights
arise under it, they cannot be infringed by the
'legislative power. It is not within the compe-
tency of the legislative power to amend the char-
ter, except as to the political law, and this, too,
under limitations.
Mr. MAYNARD. The case is stated in an
elementary work of high authority, in a few suc-
cinct paragraphs, which I will read:
" It is a happy feature in the Constitution of our own Gov-
ernmcut, tha* ihe power ot the Legislatures of the different
States lesemu'es in this particular the prerogative of tho
King of Great Britain, who may create but cannot dissolve
a corporation ; or, without its consent, alter or amend its
charter. In the tenth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States, it is declared that,' No State
shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confederation ;grant
letters of maiquc and reprisal, com money, emit bills of
credit, make anything hut gold and silver coin a tender in
payment of debts, pass any bills of attainder, ex post facto
law, or law impairing the obligations of conlract$}or grant any
title of nobility.' Under this clause, it has been settled that
the chaiter of a private corporation,whether civil oreleemos-
yuaiy, is an executed contract between the Government
and the corporators; and that the Legislature cannot iepealt
impnir, or alter it against the consent, or without the default
of the corporation judicially ascertained and declared. A
distinction was, however, taken between private corpora-
tions and public, s  ch as counties, cities, towns, and par-
ishes, which, existing for public purposes only, the Legis-
lature hi^fe, under proper limitations, a right to change,
modify, enlarge, or restrain ; securing, however, tin; prop-
erty to the use of those for whom it was purchased.''—
Angel and Ames on Corporations.
That I understand to be the state of tho law,
for it is ccrtainly sustained by an array of very
high authorities.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will ask
the gentleman if he'draws a distinction between
that and nly proposition of law ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe that, as the gen-
tleman lias restated his proposition of law, it is
susceptible of the "same construction; but certainly
there is a'manifest distinction between what is
Stated by this commentator and what I under-
stood the gentleman to'insist upon yesterday. I
conceive, then, that Congress has power legally
to change the charter of the corporation of the
city of Washington. Admitting that to be so,
have they done Jt? Do they propose by this bill
to do it ? No, sir, not at all. The charter of the
corporation is to be left standing exactly where
it was. But we are told that there is a repealing
section in this bill. Let me read it;
Sec. G. J3nd he it farther enacted, That all acts and parts
of arts heretofore passed, authorizing or relating to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed. This section to take ciiectso^oon ay
the chicf shall report to the Secretary of the Interior that
he has thiuy men enrolled and ready for duty."
That repeals the act of 1849, and the subsequent
acts referred to by the chairman of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia; but it does not
touch the charter of the corporation of Washing-
ton. That stands exactly where it did. It stands
with power^H the civil'authorities to appoint a
police force, if they choose to do it. And then
what state of things will you have? You will
have two police forces, a city police and a national
police. You will have them here at war with each
