1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
Laws of the United, States.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
State of Texas for the defense and protection of
the frontier thereof, to continue in service from
the time that the whole regiment shall be mus-
tered into service, for the term of eighteen months,
unless sooner discharged by the President. Said
regiment shall be composed of one colonel, one
lieutenant colonel, one major, one adjutant with
the rank of first lieutenant, one quartermaster and
commissary with similar rank, one surgeon and
two assistant surgeons, one sergeant major, one
quartermaster and commissary sergeant, and ten
companies, each of which shall be composed of
one captain, one first lieutenant, one second lieu-
tenant, four sergeants, four corporals, two bu-
glers, one farrier, and seventy-four privates.
Each of said officers below the rank of major—
non-commissioned officers, musicians, farrier, and
privates—shall furnish and keep himself supplied
with a good, serviceable horse and horse equip-
ments, for the use and risk of which, in addition
to the pay and allowances herein provided, he
shall receive forty cents a day while in service
with his horse; and if any non-commissioned offi-
cer, musician, farrier, or private shall, from care-
lessness or neglect, injure, or render his horse
unfit for service, and shall fail to supply a ser-
viceable horse within the period of ten days from
the loss, such soldier shall, from such time until
he shall furnish himself with a horse, be entitled
only to the pay of a private of infantry.
Skc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, far-
rier, and privates, of said regiment shall, when
mustered into the service of the United States, be
subject to the rules and articles of war. They
shall be armed at the expense of the United States,
as the President shall direct. They shall be al-
lowed the same pay, rations, and allowances in
kind, including clothing, and be subject to the
same rules and regulations, as are provided for
the regiments of cavalry now in the service; but
no field officer shall receive forage for a greater
number of horses than he may from time to time
actually have in service. No pay or allowances
shall be due until said regiment shall be received
into the service; but each officer and man shall
then be entitled to one day's pay and allowance
for every twenty miles he may have been required
to travel from his residence to the place of mus-
ter.
Sec. 3 Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the
purpose of quelling disturbances in the Territory
of Utah, for the protection of supply and emi-
grant trains, and the suppression of Indian hos-
tilites on the frontiers, the Presidentof the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to call for
and accept the services of any number of volun-
teers, not to exceed in all two regiments, of
seven hundred and forty privates each; the same,
or any portion thereof, to be organized into
mounted regiments or infantry, as the President
may deem proper, to serve for the term of eigh-
teen months from the time of their beinfj received
into service, unless sooner discharged by the
President. Said volunteers, if called for and re-
ceived as mounted men, shall be constituted in
the same manner as is provided in the first sec-
tion of this bill for the Texas regiment of mount-
ed volunteers, and shall receive the same pay and
allowances, shall be subject to the same rules and
regulations as are provided in this bill for said
corps; and if called for, and if received as infan-
try, they shall be placed on the same footing in
every respect with the infantry regiments now in
the service, shall receive the same pay and allow-
ances, and be governed by the same rules and
regulations; and the said regiments, whether or-
ganized as mounted men or infantry, shall be sub-
ject to the rules and articles of war.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the vol-
unteers provided for by this act shall not be ac-
cepted in bodies of less than one regiment, whose
officers shall be appointed in the manner prescribed
by law in the several States or Territories to
which said regiments shall respectively belong,
except the quartermasters and commissaries,
who shall be detailed from their respective depart-
ments of the regular Army of the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pay
of said volunteers shall not be due until received
into the service, but each officer and man shall
then be entitled to one day's pay for every twenty
miles he may have been required to travel from
his residence to the place of muster.
Approved, April 7, 1858.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to acquire certain Lands
needed for the Washington Aqueduct, in the
District of Columbia.
Whereas it is represented that the works of the
Washington aqueduct, in the District of Colum-
bia, are delayed in consequence of the proprie-
tors' refusal, in some cases, to sell lands required
for its construction at reasonable prices, and be-
cause, in other cases, the title to the said land is
imperfect, or is vested in minors, or persons non
compos mentis, or in a. feme covert, or [in persons]
out of the District of Columbia; and whereas it is
necessary for the making of the said aqueduct,
reservoirs, dams,ponds, feeders, and other works,
that a provision should be made for condemning
aquantity of land for the purpose: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That it shall and may be lawful for
the United States, or its approved agent, to agree
with the owners of any land in the District of Co-
lumbia, through which said aqueduct is intended
to pass, for the purchase or use and occupation
thereof; and in case of disagreement, or in case
the owner thereof shall be a feme covert, under
age, non compos, or out of the District of Co-
lumbia, on application to a judge of the circuit
court of said District, the said judge shall issue
his warrant, under his hand, to the marshal of the
said District to summon a jury of eighteen inhab-
itants offmid District not related to the parties,
nor in any manner interested, to meet on the land
to be valued, at a day to be expressed in the war-
rant, not less than ten nor more than twenty days
thereafter; notice of the time and place of said
meeting being first given to the owners of such
land or to their legal representatives, in person if
that be practicable, and, if not, by publication in
some Washington city newspaper daily for two
weeks; and the marshal, upon receiving thesaid
warrant, shall forthwith summon the said jury,
and, when met, shall administer an oath or affirm-
ation to every juryman who shall appear, being
not less than twelve in number, that he will
faithfully, justly, and impartially value the land,
and all damages the owner thereof shall sustain
by cutting the aqueduct through such land, or the
partial, or temporary, or permanent appropria-
tion, use, or occupation of such land, according
to the best of his skill and judgment; and that in
such valuation he will not spare any person for
favor or affection, nor any person grieve for mal-
ice, hatred, or ill will; and the inquisition there-
upon taken shall be signed by the marshal and
four fifths of the said jury, and [bcl returned by
the marshal to the circuit courtfor the District of
Columbia; and, unless good cause be shown
against the said inquisition, it shall be affirmed
by the court at its first term after said return, and
[be] recorded; but if, from any cause, no inqui-
sition shall be returned to such court within one
month after the commencement of the next ensu-
ing term, the said court, [shall,] at its discretion,
as often as may be necessary, direct another in-
quisition to be taken in the manner above pre-
scribed; and upon every such valuation the jury
is hereby directed to describe and ascertain the
bounds of the land by them valued, and the quality
and duration of the interest and estate in the same
required by the said United States for the use of
the aqueduct, and their valuation shall be conclu-
sive on all persons, and shall be paid for by the
said United States, or its authorized agent, to the
owner of the land, or Ills, or her, or their legal
tepresentative; and on payment thereof, the said
United States shall be seized of such land as of
an absolute estate in perpetuity, or with such less
quantity and duration of interest or estate in the
same, or subject to such partial or temporary ap-
propriation, use, or occupation, as shall be re-
quired and desired as aforesaid, as if conveyed
by the owner to the said United States; and when-
ever, in the construction of the said aqueduct,
or any of the works thereof, reservoirs, dams,
ponds, feeders, tunnels, aqueducts, culverts,
bridges, or works of any other description what-
soever appurtenant thereto, it shall be necessary
to use earth, timber, stone, or gravel, or any
other material to be found on any of the lands
adjacent or near thereto, and the said United
States or their agent cannot procure the same for
the works aforesaid by private contract of the
proprietor or owner; or in case the owner should
be a feme covert, or non compos, or under age, or
out of the District, the same proceedings, in
all respects, shall be had as in the case before
mentioned of the assessment and condemnation
of the lands required for the said aqueduct or the
work appurtenant thereto: Provided, That the
work shall not be delayed pending any such pro-
ceeding in court, but the same shall be continued
without obstruction thereby, after the inquisition
shall be returned to the court.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall
and may be lawful for tne United States or its
agent, in case of any dispute of difficulty arising
as to the ownership of the land condemned as
above for the use of said aqueduct, or in case
the owner should be a feme covert, under age, non
compos, or out of the said District of Columbia,
and nopersonduly authorized to receive the same,
that the United States or its agent be authorized,
by petition to the circuit court for the District of
Columbia, and upon said court's order, to deposit
the money for which the said land was con-
demned in the place directed by said court, and
the certificate of the proper officer of said deposit
shall be considered as a full payment for said
land, and thereby vest in the United States an ab-
solute estate in perpetuity, or with such less
quantity and duration of interest in the same, as
subject to such partial, or temporary, or perma-
nent use or occupation as shall be required and
described as aforesaid, if conveyed by the owner
or owners of said land.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of said circuit court to hear and de-
termine to whom the said money does belong,
and, upon being satisfied as to whom the land did
belong, to pass their decree directing the clerk of
said court to pay over to the owner the same
money deposited as above, after deducting ex-
penses. The court is further authorized to direct
the mode for trying the case, and the litigants
have the right of appeal, provided the appeal is
taken within sixty days from the decree of the
said court.
Approved, April 8, 1858.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act to incorporate Gonzaga
College, in the City of Washington and Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Heme of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That Burcard Villiger, Charles H.
Stonestreet, Daniel Lynch, Edward X. Hand,
and Charles Jenkins, and their successors, be,
and they are hereby, made a body-politic and
corporate forever, by the name of the President
and Directors of Gonzaga College, for purposes
of charity and education; and by that name may
sue and be sued, prosecute and defend; may have
and use a common seale, and the same alter and
renew at pleasure; may adopt rules, regulations,
and by-laws, not repugnant to the Constitution
and laws of the United States, for properly con-
ducting the affairs of said corporation; may take,
receive, purchase, and hold estate, real, personal,
and mixed, not exceeding in value the sum of
j two hundred thousand dollars at any one time,
! and may manage and dispose of the same at
j pleasure, and apply the same, or the proceeds of
j the sales thereof, to the uses and purposes of the
I said corporation, according to the rules and reg-
! ulations which now are, or may hereafter be,
' established.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall have and enjoy the power and
faculty to confer and confirm upon such pupils
in the institution or others, who, by their pro-
ficiency in learning or other meritorious distinc-
tions, they shall think entitled to them, such de-
grees in the liberal arts and sciences as are usually
granted in colleges.
Sec. 3. Jndbe it further enacted, That the pres-
