1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOjp.
1589
other, like two rival fire companies; like the two
police forces in the city of New York; like the
new court system and the old court system in the
State of Kentucky, a condition of active antagon-
ism; or else yon will have here a divided respons-
ibility, which, in point of fact, is no responsibil-
ity at all. In either event, you will have a police
force that will bo Utterly valueless.
Now, to bring what I have to say into a short
compass, and to conclude, I will state what my
proposition is. I am in favor of vesting the power
of appointment in the Mayor of this city, elected
as he is by the tax-payers permanently resident
here. They have as high an interest as anybody
in the preservation of the peace of the city. If
they have an inefficient officer, they have the rem-
edy in their own hands, at the ballot-box; which
I luive no doubt they will properly apply.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to make an inquiry,sim-
ply for information. The gentleman says that
the Mayor is elected by the tax-payers. Does he
mean to say that he is not elected by the electors
at large, and that any property tax is required ?
Mr. M.AYNARD. If the gentleman will look
to the charter of the city of Washington, which
I have here in my hand, he w;ill get the informa-
tion which he desires. Now;, Mr. Chairman, I
think the Mayor of the city would be the safest
depositaryof this important and enormous power
of appointment. But we are told that the present
Mayor is a Democrat. So much the worse for
him; but is he not interested, are not Democrats
interested, in the preservation of the peace? Have
they no lives? Have they no property to take
care of? But it is said Democrats will be appointed
to act as police. Suppose they are: hold them
responsible; and if the Democrats do not admin-
ister your city government well,go to the ballot-
box, that great palladium of all our rights, and
the only one known to us under the Constitution,
and apply the remedy. It has been stated upon
this floor, and I have not heard it controverted.,
that there had been no complaints of the city po-
lice prjor to the time of the present city'adminis-
tration, and that this is a mere temporary out-
break of villainy. Let the people have, at least,
an opportunity to govern themselves, before you
make them not only a subject but an abject race.
Do not impose upon them a power, a control, that
will take from them every vestige of self-respect
which distinguishes the freeman from the bond-
man. But, if gentlemen are unwilling to trust this
vast power and patronage alone in the hands of
the Mayox elected by the tax-payers of the city,
then I suggest that we unite with him one of the
Federal functionaries of this District; unite with
him the district attorney or the marshal for the
District of Columbia, and let the Mayor and one
of these officers constitute a board to appoint the
chief of police, and let the chief of police hold liis
office at their discretion.
Now, I know that it is morally impossible for
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] who
reported this bill, to intend anything covert, any-
thing secret, anything conccaied; and if he would
speak in his place now, I know that he would say
that nothing was further from his mind than to
introduce a covert proposition here under which
he could secure a little more present patronage to
the party of which he is a most honorable and
worthy member. I know that lie intended no such
thing. I suggest to him, then, that there are grave
objections in my mind, and the minds of others,
to the mode of appointment pointed out in the bill.
I suggest to him the method that I have now pro-
posed—either to confer it upon the Mayor of the
city, as the act of 1842 does, or, if that is deemed
insecure, and Federal interests would not be suf-
ficiently protected, then associate with the Mayor
the district attorney or the marshal of the district.
I do* not regard this chief of police in the light of a
Federal officer. The whole thing is a mere muni-
cipal regulation. It is true that the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia, giving him limited criminal
jurisdiction, might seem to invest him with the
dignity of a judicial officer; but I submit that it
do°s not do it under well-settled principles. It is
after all but a mere police regulation, and as such
ou"ht to be left under the control of the people
who are most to be affected by it, "and who are
most directly interested in seeing it properly and
judiciously carried out. That is all I have to say.
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor?
Mr. HUGHES. I will.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move that the com-
mittee rise, in order that we may take up the Kan-
sas bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The notice
given by the gentleman from Pennsylvania yes-
terday, was given without conference with my
side of the House. I am perfectly willing, how-
ever, that the oommittee may rise and take the
vote now.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. .Tones, of Tennessee, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the special order, being
Senate bill " To'establish an auxiliary guard for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington, anil repealing a)] acts
heretofore passed in relation to that subject;" and
had come to no resolution thereon.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
Kansas bill.
No objection was made, and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up.
The following message from the Senate, accom-
panying the bill, was then road:
In Senate of the Unitcd States,
Jlpril 13,1808.
Resolved, That the Senate insistupon it- ilisagiccmentto
the amendment of the IJou-se of ftepiownmtives to the bill
(ri. No 161) tor the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union, and asit a conference on tile disagreeing vole of
the two Houses on the same.
Ordered, That Mr. Gkken, Mr. Hunter, and Mr. Sew-
ard, be the committee on tile part of the Senate.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move that the House
insis.t on their adherence, and on that question I
call the previous question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise for the purpose of pro-
pounding- to the Chair what I conceive to be a
pertinent question. 1 desire to know whether, if
a committee of conference should be ordered by
the House,parliamentary law and practice would
not require that the majority of that committee
should be composed of gentlemen representing the
views of the majority of the House; or, in other
words, of gentlemen in favor of the House bill?
I so understand the parliamentary law, and have
never known it departed from. I submit the ques-
tion to the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. If the interrogatory is not
in order, I object to it, as it would lead to inter*
i*o°:atones uoon the other side.
"Mr. ENGLISH. I believe my question is in
order.
Mr. GROW. There is no question of a com-
mittee of conference before the House.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I object to any inter-
rogatory not in order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the in-
terrogator y.
Mr. ENGLISH. Well, then, I wish to say
that I have confidence in the Presiding Officer of
this House; and believing the parliamentary law
to be as I have indicated, and that the Speaker is
of that opinion, it is my intention, if the motion
for the previous question should be voted down,
to move to accede to the Senate's request for a
committee of conference.
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John- Coch-
rane and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 108, noes 107.
The Speaker voted in the negative.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
my action upon this occasion to be misunder-
stood. I therefore desire to say that l am very
decidedly opposed to the Senate bill in its present
shape, and do not think I could vote for it in any
event. Put, sir, notwithstanding I entertain this
opinion, I am not prepared to say to a coordinate
branch of the national Legislature that I am un-
willing to hear them—that I am unwilling to confer
with them upon a subject of great public interest.
I think it i« due to them, as a matter of courtesy
ind invariable parliamentary usage, that we should
iccede to their proposal, and that we should grant a
andi
accede tot
committee of'con&rence. Good may comS of,it;
and, at all events, 1 cannot see that harm is likely
to result; I therefore move thatthe-House agrep
to the conference proposed by the Senate on the
subject-matter of the disagreeingpvotes of thetwb
Houses, and that three managers be appointed to
manage said conference dn' the'part of the House
of Representatives; and I now call the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURN,of'Maine, Irisetoaques-
tion of order.' It is this: that it is not in order for
the gentleman from Indiana to make that motion;
that the House has adhered to' its amendment
upon this bill; and that, until the House recon-
siders the motion by whi6hi it Has thus adhered,
it is not in order to make a motion'df this kind.
I think the Chair will not find a single precedent*
m which it has been held that a motion of this
kind can be entertained upon the facts existing in
this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Maine,
and'will cite the gentleman' to a precedent directly
in point, of very high authority:
The Clerk read the precedent, as follows:
" Journal of the Senate} Jaftpajy 20,1834. •
u A message from the Ilous'e of Representatives, by-Mr.
Franklin, who informed the'Seriate'that the House had
agreed to the first, arid liad-disagr&d to the second amend-
ment to the bill making appropriations, in part, for the sup-
port of Government for the, year 1834,
"On motion of Mr. Webster, the Senate proceeded to
considerthcforegOingmessagefrom the House,announcing
the disagreement of the House to the second amendment to
said bill; and, oh motion.of Mr. Webster, the Senate ad-
hcredxo the second amendment—yeas-34, nays 13; and the
Secretaiy notified the House of the vote to adhere.
Whereupon, January 24, the House asked a conference.
" The Senate leferred the request for a conference to the
Committee on Finance; and Mr. Webster made the fallow-
ing report:
" 'The House lequest a conference after the Senate has
adhered to its amendments, to which the House had pre-
viously disagreed. It cannot be denied that the Senate has
a right to refuse such confcrence; a case ex,aetly similar
having been disposed, of by the Senate in 1827, as will be
seen by the extiacts from its Journal which are appended
to this report. '(Vide Senate Document, No. 57.^ Bat the
committee think it equally clear that such is not the usual
and ordinary mode of proceeding m such cases.-' It is usually
1 esteemed more respectful and more conducive te- that good
' understanding and harmonious intercourse' betyvedn the
Houses which the public interests© Strongly rebukes,-to
accede to requests for conferences even after" ao adhering
vote. 'Such conferences liave long been regarded as.tfce es-
tablished and approved mode of seeking to bring'about a
final concurrence of judgment in cases where the Rouses
have differed ; arid the committee think it unwise either to
depart from the praetiee altogether, or to abridge it or de-
cline to conform to it, m ca<essuchas tlipse in which it has
usually prevailed. It should onlybe,thcrefore,asthecora-
mittee think, tn instances of a very peculiar character, that
a free conferencc invited by the House should be declined
by the Senate. The committee recommend the adoption of
the following resolution:
" ' Resolved, That the Senate agree to the conference pro-
posed by the House of Representatives, on the subject-mat-
ter of the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on'the said
amendments ; and that three managers be chosegt to man-
age said conference on the part of the Senate.'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speak-
er 
! Mr. CLINGMAN. I give notice that I object
to debate. The previous question has been de-
manded, and no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from-Maine that in a collection of pre-
cedents of 'order, he will find 'perhaps fifteen or
1 twenty precedents exactly similar; and that at the
! last session of Congress the precedents that have
! been uniformly pursued were followed in the case
I of the Army bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think there
is no precedent like this; and if there be no objec-
tion on the other side, I wish to state the reasons.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to debate on
this question after the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw for a moment his demand for
the previous question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether the rules are to be enforced or not?
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. GARNETT. I request my friend from
Indiana to withdraw his demand for the previous
question, to allow me to make an explanation of
the vote which I intend to give. . .
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object, unless the privi-
lege be general.
