1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. ENGLISH. I have been very urgently
appealed to by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Garxett] to withdraw the call for the previous
question for a moment, to enable him to explain
his position. I design doing so, but I intend to
hold on to the floor.
Mr. BUFFINTON and others objected.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw the call for the
5)revious question for the purpose of saying that
have made this proposition to accede to the re-
quest for a committee of conference, with the dis-
tinct understanding that the usage of this body
and the usage of all parliamentary bodies, require
that when a committee of this sort is allowed 
[Calls to order.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I trust that if the gen-
tleman make a speech, he will allow us to reply
•to it. If we are to have this question open atalllet
us have it investigated fully. We are ready for it.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am not going to make a
speech. I am only stating this in my own justi-
fication: that I have made this motion because I
understand it to be the invariable rule that where
committees of conference are appointed, the com-
mittee shall be so constituted as that the majority
of the committee shall represent the views of a
majority of the House; and that in this case a
majority of this committee of conference would
be taken from the anti-Lecompton side of the
House. That this will be the action of the Speaker
in the present case I fee! well assured. Now, if
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] will
renew the call for the previous question, 1 will
yield the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can occupy
the floor himself, but he cannot allow another gen-
tleman to occupy it if objection be made. Objec-
tion is made.
Mr. ENGLISH. I think I can get at the mat-
ter which the gentleman from Virginia desires to
bring before the House by propounding a ques-
tion to him.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. GARNETT. I wnhd raw my request at
the instance of gentlemen around me. I believe
my vote will be understood.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have the floor, and I have
a right to ask a question.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that the gentleman
has no right to interrogate a member.
The SPEAKER. If objections be made, the
Chair is of opinion that the gentleman cannot in-
terrogate other members, unless it be with regard
to a personal explanation; and nothing has trans-
pirea to authorize that.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand well that the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Gaunett] is against
the House amendment, but I am a little curious
to know whether the gentleman would vote for
the Senate bill if it were modified in any respect
whatever.
Mr. WARREN and otheis objected.
Mr. GARNETT. I wili vote against the Sen-
ate bill if any further concession be made.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. The motion of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. English] does not take pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] which is an
affirmative proposition that we adhere to our
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The gentleman from Indiana
has a right to present a counter proposition after
the House refused to second the previous ques-
tion. It comes-up m the nature of an amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
effect oi sustaining the previous question be to
bring us to a vote, first on the proposition to grant
a conference, and next on the proposition to ad-
here >
The SPEAKER. It will be the effect of it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. English's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, John B. Clark,
Clay, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane. James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curiy, Davidson, Davis of
Mississippi, Dewart, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Goode,
Gieenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W, Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
Maclay, McQueen, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Russell,. San-
didge, Savage, Scales-, Scott. Sealing, Sewaid, Henry M.
Shaw, Shotter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stall worth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, George Taylor, Tnppe. Ward, Warren, Watkins,
White, Win&low, Woodson, Wortendyke. Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghum,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, -Buffinton, Buihuuauie,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
Horace F. Clark, dawson, Cockenll, Colfax, Comms, Co-
vode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Fatnsvvorth, Fen-
ton, Foley, Foster, Giddings, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Mori won Hairis, Thomas L. Hams, Haskm, Hickman,
Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg. Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Lawrence, Leacli, Lener, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Montgomery, Moigan, Mor-
nll, Edwaid Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, 'I'oftle, Purviarice, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbms, Royee, Aaron Shaw, John Sheiman, Jud-
son W. Sherman, llobeit Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Ste wart,Tappan,Thompson,Tompkins, Underwood,Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—108.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BISHOP stated that Mr. Arnold had
paired off with Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane had paired off with Mr. Sickles.
Mr. CORNING stated that lie had paired off
with Mr. Olin, who had been called home.
Mr. DICK. On Thursday last {paired off with
Mr. Wihteley, of Delaware, till twelve o'clock
yesterday. As I have been told that his under-
standing was, that the pair was for an indefinite
period, I would call upon my colleague. Mr. Rit- '
chie, to state his understanding of the matter.
Mr. RITCHIE. I understood that the pair was
from Thursday last till Tuesday. Whether there
was any subsequent conference I do not know.
That was the pair made in my presence.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say that, at the
request of Mr. Whiteley, I effected a pair with
Mr. Dick, and that it expired yesterday at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated that Mr. Adrain
had paired off with Mr. Huyler.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Dimmick had
paired off with Mr. McKibbin.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES stated that Mr. Gil-
lis had paired off with Mr. Robbins.
Mr. PURVIANOE stated that Mr. Kunkel,
of Pennsylvania, had paired off with Mr. Tay-
lor, of Louisiana.
Mr. PHILLIPS stated that Mr. Reilly had
paired off with Mr. Thayer.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania,
otherwise he would have voted ay.
On the vote being announced, there was some
applause in the Hall and in the galleries.
The SPEAKER, The Doorkeeper will take
his assistants to the galleiy,and remove every
person who has so far forgotten himself, and
the place where he is, as to make this disturb-
ance.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. One word on this
question of clearing the galleries. I hope that, at
least, an example will be set on this.floor, before
the galleries are taken into consideration. I think
we ought to rebuke ourselves before we rebuke
others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware
that any demonstration had been made on the floor
of the House. The Chair thinks such demonstra-
tions are exceedingly improper, come from what
quarter they may. The Chair has no right to
order the House to be cleared for disorder; but he
has a right to order the galleries to be cleared. If
the gentleman will bring to the attention of the
House a violation of order by any gentleman, the
Chair has no doubt that the House will take such
action as may be necessary in the premises.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER, (to the officers who were en-
gaged in clearing the galleries.) The Chair did
not order the galleries to be cleared entirely; but
to clear them of such persons as were guilty of
disorder.
Mr. CIJRTIS. I propose that the execution of
the order be arrested. The demonstration was a
slight one.
The SPEAKER. Hoping that the disorder
will not be repeated in the galleries, and certain
that if any demonstration occurred on the floor of
tie House it will not be repeated, the Chair re-
vokes the order to the Doorkeeper to clear the gal-
leries, expecting that visitors, who come here and
enjoy the privilege of listening to the debates of
the House, will not violate its decorum and order.
Mr. GROW. I hope the Speaker does not
consider it a privilege that men shall come here
and listen to the debates. They should observe
order. But I object to the form in which the Chair
puts it—thatit is a privilege for American citizens
to sit in the gallery. If they observe the rules it
is their right.
The SPEAKER. It is unquestionably a priv-
ilege.
Mr. GROW. It is also their right.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask if their priv-
ileges are not their rights?
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yea3 108, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Baiks-
dale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, feoyce, Branch,
Biyan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, John B. Clark,
Clay, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb, John Cochrane, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson. Davis of
Mississippi, Dewait, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Eu.^tis, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett, Garrrell, Gooae,
Gieenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel. Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
Maclay, McQueen, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Ru sell, San-
didgo, Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Ilenry M.
Shavv, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Talbot, George Taylor, Trippe, Ward, Warren, Wat-
kins, White, Winslow, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus
it Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zollicoffer—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Andrews, Bennett, Billingliurst,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss. Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Burroughs, Campbell,Case, Chaffee,Chapman, EziaCiatk,
Horace F. Clark, CJawsou, Cockerill, Colfax, Comms, Co-
vode, Cox, Cragm, Curtis, Damrell, Davi* of Maryland,
Davis of-Indiana, Davi* of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
D.iwes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings, Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, IlasKin, Hick-
man, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgoie,
Knapp, Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall," Matteson, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—108.
The Speaker voted in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr. Mont-
gomery's proposition as amended; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. STANTON. There is some misunder-
standing here. I do not understand what the
proposition is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moves to reconsider the vote by which the prop-
osition was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. So I understand. But what
was the proposition agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The proposition originally
made by the gentleman Pennsylvania, as amended
by the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STANTON. I did not understand that that
was an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair received it as an
amendment. The Chair is not certain but that it
might have been entertained as an independent
proposition.
