504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
reason, and that was, that Congioss had not nu-
thoriz-'il ii A Ternton il Legislature can do noth-
ing, said the Senator, which the organic act does
not ao.thoiize it to do; and if if undertakes to sub-
stitute one form of govern irion tier another, it must
come to the source of its power, to Congress, i f I
have been led into an error from not exactly keep-
ing up with the debates in the Senate, or not read-
ing or listening to all the speeches of the honor-
able Senator, 1 hope ] shall be excused. I based
my remarks on the reading of this speech, which
has unquestionably been more extensively read
than any other speech delivered at this session, by
the Senator oranybody else. I am glad he makes
the correction. I am glad he comes forward, and
says in terms which are not to be mistaken—
and it is to that point, and to vindicate myself,
that 1 rose now—that an enabling act is not ne-
cessary.
I return my thanks for that declaration. We
have the Senator's authority, and it is a potential
authority in the country, that no enabling act is
necessary. He goes further, and tells us that the
act of submission is not essential. Not only docs
he say now, and I thank him for saying so, I re-
peat again, in terms so plain that the whole coun-
try will understand, that an enabling act was not
necessary—but he says that a submission of the
constitution to the people was not necessary. That
gets us clear of two troublesome propositions in
the discussion of the Kansas question. Let' us
hear no more of this aigumuit, then, anywhere.
If the great chieftain gives up the question, I take
it for granted that the subalterns will do it of
course, and that hereafter we shall hear no more
that Kansas does not present herself properly be-
cause there was no enabling act; and we shall hear
no more complaint of Kansas that she did not sub-
nut her constitution to the people.
The Senator tells us to-day that neither the one
nor the other was necessaiy. All we have to in-
quire now is, as to whether the constitution she
is about to present is the work of her people.
"W hat the people desire is to he expressed through
the ballot-box. The will of the people, what they
desire, is to be ascertained through the ballot-box;
and, as I now understand the question, if we shall
be enabled to show t hat the people of Kansas, ex-
pressing their will tinough the hallot-box, under
the forms of law, have orgam/.td this constitu-
tion, then we have nothing beyond that toeslab- j
lish. Two point,s, 1 want it noted, an now out i
of the question—no enabling act is necessary, and j
no submission of the constitution to the people is
necessary. All you are to learn is, whether it is
the will of the people.
Then the point which I submit to the Senator
for his reflection i£ simply this: has the will of
Kansas been ascertained in the mode and man-
ner prescribed by the laws of the land ? lias the
ballot-box been thiown open? Have the people
been allowed to vole fieely? if they have, then
I claim that they stand on as good a footing be-
fore us to-day as does Minnesota. I ignore the
proposition, if u shall be made from anyquatter,
that you shall compel them to vote whether they
will or not. [ nm glad to see the issue narrowing
down; I am glad that we are to ha\e no question
except the simple one, is this the work of the
people of Kansas? We are not to be embariassed
with vague ideas about enabling acts, or about
propositions to submit constitutions to the people.
All that is out of the way from this time on. All
we have to inquire is, as 1 said befote, has this
constitution been made by the people of Kansas,
and have we a^eet rained < !>:;t furt under the forms
of the laws of Kaus is r I think, when the proper
time comes, we shall be "enabled to show that, in
the mode pointed out by the law, the fact has been
ascertained that the people of Kansas do sustain
the constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I sagivt to be under the ne-
cessity of troubling the Sen Ue any nioie on this
question; but tnasmui h as my spe< eh has been
read for the purpose of gr. ing to it a consti im'ion
which I nevr intended it to bjar, and which I do
not think it does fin Iy and justly bear, ! feel it to
be my duty to jmt ili.it mailer light, m order that
no misapprehensio : shall result. I did not blame
the Senator fuun M.s.ouu v. hen hj put that eon- :
struction on it, although it supnis^d nia at rlie
time; and I do not blame the be..ator horn Mis-
sissippi now for put: in- the s un<  construction on
having stau.d ihiit U<; did nsi Ihmi u y,Hc- ,
vious disclaimer of that construction. Still, I must
say that that speech, in my opinion, does not bear
the construction whu'h they have placed upon it;
and, as evidence that I did not intend it to bear
that constiuction, ttie first moment any member
of this body aunbu'ed it to me, 1 disclaimed it
emphatically, and instated my proposition as I
have done to-day.
Now, sir, when I spoke of the act of the Legis-
lature calling a convention being void unless as-
sented to by Congress, I intended to declare that
the only power which the Territorial Legislature
possessed was that which the organic law con-
ferred, the right to pass all laws consistent with
the Constitution,and the organic act for the pro-
tection of that people under and in obedience to
the territorial government; but the organic act
did not give to the Legislature the power to sub-
vert the government under which it existed. It
had the power to execute it, to carry out the ob-
jects of that government, but not to subvert it.
An attempt to subvert it and put another govern-
ment in operation upon its rums, would be an act
of rebellion. I say now, that if the Territorial
Legislature calls a convention, and that conven-
tion attempts to put a government in operation in
subversion of the territorial government estab-
lished by Congress, it is an act of gross rebellion.
Why? The territorial governmentestabhshed by
Congress cannot be overthrown except by the j
consent of Congress. !
Mr. BELL. I hope the honorable Senator from
Illinois will give way for an adjournment. I see
that we are going into a long controversy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going to occupy
much time, but 1 desire to put myself right.
Mr. BELL. There will be a reply to the hon-
orable Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I must put myself right
on this point, because it is essential to my posi-
tion. I maintain that the Territorial Legislature
cannot subvert the government established by
Congress, without the consent of Congress. That
consent may be given in advance, or may be given
subsequently. It is regular to give it m advance.
It is inegular to take the steps foi forming a State
constitution without having the consent in ad-
vance; but that irregularity has been oveilooked
in several instances m the history of the Govern-
ment, as I have shown. It was overlooked in the
cases of Aikansas, Flouda, and California. In
several instances this irregularity has been waived
and been cured by the subsequent assent of Con-
gress, by the acts of admission into the Union.
Then, sir, what authority has a convention
called by a Legislature of a Territory without the
consent of Congress? They have the authority
to frame a paper called a constitution and send it
here as a petition, which Congress may accept or
reject as they please. It is to fiame and send her<%
an application for admission having the lb ice of a
petition, and not the force of a constitution. Hav-
ing merely this weight, we may accept it or we may
reject it as we see proper. I so stated in my open-
ing speech. I have stated the same thing in every
speech I have made since. I repeat now that the
constitution framed by the convention m Kansas
was a paper having the authority of a petition
which Congress may accept or may r< )t ct. Ought
we to accept it? If it is the will of that people, if
they have the requisite population, and if the
boundaries are pi o.ier, we ought to accept it. If it
is not the will of the people of Kansas, you have no
right to force that constitution down ! heir throats
against their null. That is the point I made. I
cited in my argument the absence of an enabling
act to show thatthe convention, iiothavmg had the
sanction of Congress, was not authorized to insti-
tute government. It was authorized to frame a
petition iii the shape of a constitution, and ask
for admission into the Union, but it was not au-
thorized to institute government. The moment
you lecogni/.e the light of the people of a Teni-
tory to institute a government in subversion of
the government placed there by Congress, with-
out the consent of Congress, you authorize re-
bellion. Ilenco, I say, the proceedings of that
convention are null and void unless Congiess shall
hereafter give them vitality, by receiving Kansas
into the Union under the constitution framed by it.
Now, m regard to the doctrine of submission,
I said in my opt ning speech, and 1 have repeated
u since, and, in ordi r that no man shall have
an excuse for misapprehending it hereafter, I
| repeat now, the only essential point is that the con-
| stitution must be the act of the people, embody-
| ing their opinions. In any case where it is dis-
puted, the iairest, the best mode of ascertaining
I the popular will is by submission io the people
i by a fair vote. I agree with the President, as I
have stated heretofore, that the fairest and best
mode is by a submission to a popular vote, and
inasmuch as that is the best rule, it ought to be
the general rule; and I am willing to join the Pres-
ident of the United States in making it the general
rule; but submission is not a principle. The pop-
ular will is the principle; the popular sanction is
the principle; that it shall be the act of the peo-
ple is the principle. Submission to a vote is a
means of ascertaining that will. It is a fair means;
and for that reason I have advocated it as a means
of ascertaining the fact upon which fact your
right to admit them must rest. I therefore receive
the congratulations of the Senator from Missis-
sippi that the Kansns issue is reduced to that one
point. If he had deemed my first remarks worthy
of being listened to—no, I will not say that, be-
cause that would not be just to our personal rela
tions; but if he had happened to be in his seat,
and his public duties had not taken him else-
where, when I made these previous enunciations,
lie would not have been under any misapprehen-
sion in regard to my opinions.
I repeat that I think it wise and it ought to be
the general rule m nil eases, that no Territory
should takeany steps u) forma State government
till it has had the consent ofCongiess to do it
by what is commonly called an enabling act. I
hold more, as a general rule, Congress ought not
to give that consent till the Territory has popula-
tion enough for one member of Congress, accord-
mgto the existing ratio. I go further, and agice
with the President, that inasmuch as it is es-
sential that the constitution shall bo the embodi-
ment of the popular will, it would be wise to ad-
here to the general rule,-that, in all cases the con-
stitution shall be submitted to the people for their
ratification or rejection. While I regard these as
wise rules, general rules, rules which should not
be departed from, unless in cise of stern neces-
sity, I come back to the real point, the only
point that 1 intended to make as a cardinal point
on the Kansas question, and that is, that the con-
stitution must be the act of the people*of Kansas,
embodying their will. •
The Senator from Mississippi has congratu-
lated himself and the country, more in the manner
and tone of his remarks than anything else, that
hereafter it is an admitted fact that an enabling
act is not necessary, and hence the people of a
Territory can proceed to make a const'tuuon m
their own way, without application to Congiess.
Sir, I am amazed to hear a southern man enau-
ciate that doctime; 1 should be <nuuzed to Ik ai a
ijorthei n man enunciate it. 1 hold that the people
i of no Territory ought to pro -eed to form a cons!i-
j tution and State governor nt tiii they have applied
| to Congress for permission to change from a ter-
j ntoiial to a State government, and tbev should
1 never proceed without that consent of Congress
! unless there has been long, piotractod, and vexa-
j tious delay after they have population enough for
; a member of Congress.
S I do not agree with Senators whom I have
j heard express (he opinion, during the debate on
| the Kansas question, that the Kansas-Nebraska
I bill was an enabling act. It was not, in my
; opinion, an enabling act. It authojized the peo-
i pie of Kansas to exercise nil powers under the
j organic law, but none to destroy or subvert it.
I But, if it was an enabling act, when did it become
so? From the day of its passage ? If so, did it
; authorize the first Legislature, with five hundred
i people, to form a constitution and demand admis-
! ston then? Did it authorize Kansas with two him-
i dred people to call a convention, and demand ad-
j mission then ? If so, youlire derclict m not admit-
ting Utah, with the same powers, the Kansas act
\ being copicd from the compromise act of 1850,
| when they called a convention and made a consti-
' tution preparatory to admission two years ago.
i No, sir; the Kansas-Nebraska act did notauthor-
! ize the people of Kansas to demand admission,
, until they had applied to Congress and obtained
' our assent to form a constitution. I deny that
1 Nebraska to-day, with her fifteen thousand peo-
ple, has a right to call a convention, form a con-
i stitution, and demand admission into this Union,
