506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
tdent to adopt some means, and especially if
those means were in conformity to law, to apply
ihe appropriate remedy.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to inquire what is
the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the engrossment
of House bill No. 63.
Mr. PAXJLKNER. It may be asked whether
the application of this fund does not to that extent
diminish the necessity of the entire appropriation
provided for in this bill. I state upon my exam-
ination of the question, as well as upon the in-
formation furnished by the Secretary of War, that
the application of that fund does not diminish the
necessity. I say, sir, that the only effect would
be to diminish or withdraw from the States that
fund, which under the policy of the act of 1808,
lias been applied annually in arming and equip-
ping the militia of the States. That would be the
effect of cutting down this appropriation.
Mr. Speaker, this is no party question and no
sectional question. The fund appropriated by this
bill is equally expended in the North and in the
South; and the benefits derived from the appro-
priation are equally participated in by every por-
tion of the United States. I am authorized by
those intrusted by law with the management of
these national armories to say, that no part of this
appropriation can properly be dispensed with,
and that if the appropriation be delayed longer it
will work serious injury to the public service.
Mr. STANTON. I agree with the gentleman
from Virginia, that this is certainly not a party
or sectional question. It is merely a question of
economy and necessity. But, sir, I think the gen-
tleman from Virginia stated, when this bill was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
that it was with the distinct, express understand-
ing that it was fust with the view of facilitating
its passage at as early a period as possible; and
further, with the distinct understanding that the
House was to be governed by information sub-
sequently to be obtained from the War Depart-
ment, m its policy in passing this bill.
Now, sir, 1 have received no information
which has satisfied me that the whole amount of
this appropriation ougnt to begranted. The state
of the case, as I understand it, is briefly this:
Congress annually appropriates to meet the ex-
penses for the current fiscal yeai, $180,000 for the
use of each of these national armories; and it
also appropriates for this fiscal year $200,000 for
the manufacture or purchase of arms and military
equipments for the militia. These appropriations
arc for expenses to be distributed throughout the
entire fiscal year. Two hundred thousand dollars
is deemed necessary to be expended m furnish-
ing arms to the militia of the States; and $360,000
is considered to be necessary to be expended
through the entire fiscal year for the purpose of
manufacturing arms atthe national armories.
Now, sir, for the purpose of keeping the na-
tional armories in motion, the entire fund for arm-
ing and equipping the militia of the States has
been transferred, and the arms for distribution
among the States have been provided in another
way. I do not understand that there is any ne-
cessity for replacing this $200,000 for the distri-
bution of arms to the militia of the States. I un-
derstand that the arms for distribution have been
already manufactured. It is not claimed at all
that the entire $360,000 can be expended during
the current fiscal year; nor can the $200,000 ori-
ginally appropriated to supply arms for the mili-
tia, be expended in the residue of the fiscal year.
The appropriations were originally made for the
fiscal year, commencing July I, 1857. Seven
months of that fiscal year are already gone; the
armories only need money enough to keep them m
motion five months, to the end of the current year.
With this brief statement, sir, I desire to move
an amendment. I desire to keep the national ar-
mories in operation, and that they shall not suf-
fer from the failure of this appropriation. But,
sir, I do not suppose the public service requires
the restoration of this $200,000, for the manufac-
ture of arms for the militia at all; nor do I suppose
the entire $360,000 can be expended by the na-
tional armories in the fire months remaining of
this present fiscal year. I therefore move to strike
out " $360,000" and insert " $180,000," giving
to the armories for five months, what was con-
templated by the last Congress to supply them for
six month*.
Mr. CHAFFEE. The gentleman from Ohio
declares that his object is notto embatrass the na-
tional armories. Now, sir, the statement he has
made has nothing to do with the passage of this
bill. The bill is sunply to supply an omission
upon the part of the enrolling clerk at the last
session, by which the appropriation intended for
the use of the national armories could not be made
available.
Now, sir, I have this morning received a letter
from the superintendent of the national armory
at Springfield, in which he informs me that the
mechanics and manufacturers there have not been
paid since November last. I appeal to gentlemen,
therefore, if they do not desire to embarrass the
armories, as a simple act of justice, that they shall
pass this bill, and remedy the defect in enrolling
thcact of the last Congress. And, sir, I hope there
will be nothingstncken outof the bill. These arm-
ories have been going on for the last six months
without having received anything, and this appro-
priation cannot be longer delayed without injury
to the service of the country.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am satis-
fied, Mr. Speaker, that this bill ought not to pass.
It is a bill, as the gentleman from Virginia has
observed, which presents no party question. It is
a bill, however, which does present a question of
the powers of administration, and of the proper
control of this House over the execution of the
law. You have a law upon your statute-book
which plainly lays down the manner in which
sums of money appropriated by Congress shall
be transferred from one point of service to supply
another point of service, in the same department.
As, for instance, transfers from the national arm-
ories to supply the militia, and vice versa; when-
ever such a transfer is made, the law requires
that it shall be done upon the application of the
head of a Department to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and that the President of the United
States shall, upon his responsibility, make the
transfer, and that the disposition made of the pub-
lic money so appropriated by Congress shall, by
a special message of the President of the United
States, bo accounted for to Congress within the
first week of the next session.
The President of the United States, the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkxkr] says, was
fully advised of this operation which had been
performed with this appropriation. I should like
to have some Author evulenee'of that fact; for if j
so, it was the duly of tlw Piesident of the United
States to have complied with that law, and to have
advised us of the disposition of that public money
within the first week of this session. But up to this
time the President of the United States has been
entirely silent upon this subject. Sir, this trans-
fer is not put upon the ground of adiversion from
one branch of the public service to another in the
same Department, and I venture to say that, the
President of the United States has never made an
official determination upon the subject at all. This
thing, sir, has been managed between Colonel
Craig, thp head of the ordnance bureau, and the
Attorney General. So far from its being a diver-
sion from one brunch of the public service to an-
other, Colonel Craig applied to the Attorney Gen-
eral to know how he could do this thing, and the |
Attorney General replies, in a letter which (have '
before me, that there was no necessity to direct '
the appropriation from one branch of the public I
service to another; that there is an appropxiation j
of $200,000 for providing arms and equipments !
for the whole body of the militia, either by pur- i
chase or manufacture by or on account of the j
United States, and that this sum of $200,000 may 1
certainly be used in the manufacture of arms at j
the national armories until it be exhausted. i
Tins ordnance bureau, then,goes on and man-
ufactures arms, under the opinion of the Attorney
General, at the national armories; and now he
wants to get the whole appropriation of $360,000;
for what? That, forsooth, he may retransfer to
the head of the "militia" the $200,000 he has
drawn from that appropriation and disbursed in
another quarter. Sir, if he gets the $200,000 back,
he cannot legally retransfer it: and, instead of
your having $360,000, which was the original ap-
propriation, you will have $560,000 to put into
these armories. If you intend to override the law;
if you intend to allow the head of the ordnance
bureau, or the head of any other bureau of the
Government, when the Congress of the United
States has made an appropriation for a particular
purpose, to use that appropriation in any branch
of the public service they choose, and then come
here and ask you to reappropriate it, in order that
they may retransfer and adjust the balance to suit
their own caprices, and their views of public ad-
vantage, we might as well resolve ourselves into
an auditing committee for the various bureaus of
this Government.
I am opposed to it, because it has been the
policy of the Congress of the United States to hold
these Executive Departments, in the disposition of
the public money, to an observance of the objects
of the appropriations which the representatives
of the people in Congress have determined upon.
If you let go of this proper responsibility upon
your part, and leave it to the Executive Depart-
ments upon theirpart,you let go the lines of legis-
lation which are, by the States, intrusted to your
hands, and you need not complain if losses occur,
or if this Congress resolves itself into a mere ex-
ecutive department to audit the accounts of the
heads of bureaus.
The gentleman from Virginia says he wants
this $200,000 in order to reimburse the appropria-
tion which was intended for the distribution of
arms and military equipments among the States.
How is it to be legally resupplied ? If we vote this
$360,000, how is it to be done? Colonel Craig
has applied $200,000 designed for that purpose,
as he might well have done under the opinion of
the Attorney General, to keep the national armo-
ries at work. In other words, he has applied that
sum to the manufacture of arms instead of to their
distribution. They come now, however, and ask
for $360,000 to be given for these armories, which
is all we intended to give them last year. If they
get it, Colonel Craig cannot retransfer the money
without a violation of law. If you make the
appropriation, then, the armories, having spent
$200,000, will have still $360,000 to spend. That,
sir, is the whole case. Therefore I object to the
passage of this bill. I do not object to the pas-
sage of this bill as proposed to be amended by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] because
that will give the armories at Springfield and Har-
per's Ferry $180,000 instead of $360,000—that is,
$180,000 m addition to the $200,000 which they
already have, and will leave a deficit of $200,000
in the appropriation for the supply of arms and
military equipments to the States, which deficit
you may resupply. If you choose to make an
appropriation, make it in the right way. Put
the $200,000 back, not to the armory, but to the
mihtia fund for the distribution of arms among
the several States. There is no use to argue a
proposition so plain as this.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is this $200,000 for the
distribution of arms for the use of the militia a
separate and distinct appropriation from the ap-
propriation of $360,000 for the national armories ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
The appropriation of $360,000'was for the pur-
pose of carrying on the manufacture of arms at
the armories; and then, under a distinct head,
$200,000 was appropriated to distribute or man-
ufacture arms for the militia. The language of
the statute was " for the purchase or manufac-
ture." Well, the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in enrolling the bill, left out the appro-
priation of $360,000. Congress adjourned. There
was nothing with which to carry on the work at
those armories. The $360,000 appropriation was
missing. There was no law for it. The head of
theordnance departmentcalled upon the Attorney
General to know whether he could transfer the
militia appropriation to the armory appropriation.
The Attorney General replied to him that he could
not transfer an appropriation from one branch of
the expenditures of the department to another,
except in certain cases, and that it must be done
upon the responsibility of the President—the law
providing for the report of the President to Con-
gress as to the mannerin which the appropriation
had been expended. He said, however, that there
was no necessity for making the transfer, in order
to prevent the armories from being stopped by the
accidental omission of the appropriation, for that
there was an appropriation of $200,000 for pro-
viding arms and equipments for the whole body
of the militia, either by purchase or manufacture,
and he might take the $200,000 and go on and
manufacture arms at the armories: he would thus
be applying the appropriation as he was allowed
