1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.—Fulfilling the treaty
of twenty-second February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments in money, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand one
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
tallments for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four
hundred dollars.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of seventeenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for pay of two farmers, perfourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For fourth of twenty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippeioas, Pillager, and Lake Winnibigoshish
bands.—For fourth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-six cents.
For fourth of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For fourth of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for purposes
of education, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For fourth of five annual installments for the
purchase of'powder, shot, lead, twine, and to-
bacco, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of five annual installments for the
hire of six laborers, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For fourth of fifteen annual installments for
support oftwo smiths and smiths'shops, per third
article treaty twenty-second February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one hundred
and twenty dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River.—For third of five equal annual install-
ments for educational purposes, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For third of five equal annual installments for
agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture and building materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the treaty of second August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For third of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For third installment for the support of one
blacksmith shop for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
Chippewas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.—For education, during the pleas-
ure of Congress, per fifth article treaty eleventh
August, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven,one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.—For permanent annuity in goods,
per act of twenty-fifth February, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.—For permanent annuity, per second
article treaty sixteenth November,eighteen hun-
dred and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred.and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six- thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
of treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred md twenty dollars.
Forintereston five hundred thousand dollars, at
five per centum, for education and other beneficial
purposes, to be applied under the direction of the
general council of the Choctaws, in conformity
with the provisions contained in the tenth and
thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-second
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Forfulfillingtreaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Camanches, Kiowas, and Jlpaches of Arkansas
river.—For fifth of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, provisions, and agricultural im-
plements, per sixth article treaty twenty-seventh
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, eighteen
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the fifth of
ten installments of goods, provisions, and agricul-
tural implements, per sixth article treaty twenty-
seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.—For permanent annuity in money, per
fourth article treaty seventh August, seventeen
hundred and ninety, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanen t provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article twenty-fourth January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and shop and
tools, during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February,eighteen hundred and thirty-three,and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, andfifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For the second of seven additional installments
for two blacksmiths, assistants, shop, and tools,
per thirteenth article treaty twenty-fourth March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand six hundred and eighty-
dollars.
For the second of seven additional installments
for iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-fourth March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty-three installments
for education, per fourth article treaty fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for educa-
tion, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars, for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
D&lawares.<—For life annuity to chief, per pri-
vate article to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
to treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per resolution of Senate nineteenth January, eigh-
I teen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth article
! treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
two thousand three hundred and four dollars.
Forfifth of eight equal installments for payment
of five chiefs, per sixth article treaty sixth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
