508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
this bill has in view is to appropriate a sum of
money sufficient to replace another appropriation
which has been transferred from its regular head
of appropriation. Now, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman the condition of the fund which was so
transferred by the War Department or its officers.
Is there not now an unexpended surplus remain-
ing under that head of appropriation, so that if
this bill should not pass there would be no injury
done to the cause for which it was originally ap-
propriated. I know, or at least it is my opinion,
that heretofore it has beerftrue that under the
head of appropriation from which this money
was taken there has usually been a large surplus
unexpended, which goes over from year to year.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am aware of no such
unexpended balance.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have you looked to it?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 have not; but I am as-
sured by the head of the War Department, and by
the ordnance department, that they have tempo-
rarily applied as much of the militiafund as could
be spared for that purpose. What was the con-
dition in which this matter was presented before?
Here was a regular appropriation by Congress of
$360,000 for the national armories, sanctioned by
both branches of Congress, and defeated alone by
the misfeasance or malfeasance of one of the offi-
cers of this House. What was the duty of the
President of the United States under the circum-
stances ? Was ho to permit these national estab-
lishments, rendered necessary by your policy for
the last sixty years, to be abandoned, the manu-
facture of arms to be suspended, and a corps of
mechanics of the most skillful and enterprising
character, which has been obtained from every
part of the United States, to be disbanded, never,
perhaps, to return again? There was no course
left to him but to see if there was not some ar-
rangement, reconcilable to law, by which a fund
could be applied temporarily until Congrc&s could
properly repair the wrong.
On an examination of that question, what was
ascertained? That the act of 1808 could be so con-
strued, and in fact that the very object of that act
was, an appropriation, to a certain extent, to the
national armories; because the proper department
had by that act the power to supply the militia
of the United States either by purchase oi manu-
facture. It was found by the Attorney General,
that tins fund could be temporal liy so applied
during the recess of Congress. The legality of
this act is not doubted. The necessity that com-
pelled its exercise is not questioned. Then what
is the difficulty that gentlemen conjure up in re-
gard to it? They tell us if we are permuted now
to have $360,000, it will make the sum of $500,000
applied, to the manufacture of arms. T say it will
have no such etfect whatever, unless you propose
to withdiaw that appropriation, which for the
last iifty years has been sanctioned by the policy
of this Government, of applying $200,000 for the
arming and equipping of the militia of the States.
It is but a temporary loan, so to sneak, under the
authority of law, from one branch of the public-
service to another, to be replaced so soon as this
appropriation is passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 would like
to ask the gentleman from Virginia a question.
Will the gentleman permit me?
Mr. FAULKNER. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
gentleman from Virginia say to the House that if
this money js appropriated now to these armories,
that the head of the ordnance bureau will have
the right to repay the loan of which he speaks?
Mr. FAULKNER, i have not the slightest
question about it—not only that he has the power
to do so, but that it will, in fact, immediately be
so applied. There still exists the obligation of
this Department to supply the militia of the States
with arms and miluaiy equipments, which obli-
gation cannot otherwise be fulfilled.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It is exactly
at that point that the whole pressure conies. My
position is that lie not only has no such authority,
but that an attempt by him to do it would be a
violation of law.
Mr. FAULKNER. There I differ with tiie
gentleman from Kentucky. I see no difficulty
upon the subject. Here is a fund which the gen-
tleman himself concedes may be legally applied
for the purpose to which it has been applied.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I certainly
say that the ordnance bureau might have applied
it to the manufacture of arms legally, and that if
he did apply it legally, nobody has a right to
complain. But, then, there is no necessity for the ;
loan. If it was not a loan, it was a legal appro-
priation of a sum given by Congress, and when
leappropriated it cannot be retransferrcd. 1 call
the attention of the gentleman to what Colonel
Craig says in this letter:
"The national armories wore supplied from the l«t of
July, 1857, to January 1st, 1858, from the fund for arming
and equipping tile militia."
That it was a proper investment of the militia
fund, thegentleman and I agree. But, I ask the gen-
tleman whether he is willing to say to the House
that if we do appropriate the $200,000, it is to be
spent between this time and the 30th of June next
in distributing arms to the militia? because the
effect of that will be that we will have given to
that fund $400,000, and not $200,000; or we will
give to the armories $560,000, and not $300,000.
Mr. FAULKNER-. 1 say, upon the authority
of the head of the ordnance department, that it will
be replaced to tiie extent that fund has been tem-
porarily used for the manufacture of arms; and
no doubt it will be applied, between this time and
the 1st of July next, to cany out the policy of the
law, m distributing arms and military equipments
among the States. That is the inevitable result
which must follow the requirement of law. Hero
stands the obligation on the pari of the ordnance
department to apply #200,000 to the distribution
of arms and equipments to the States. Thegen-
tleman says he conccdes that, under the law of
1808, the head of the ordnance department lias
the power to apply this fund temporarily as it has
been applied. But how does he get over the obli-
gation of distnbuting $200,000 among the States,
in the form of arms and military equipments?
That obligation must be complied with. St is not
superseded by the temporary use of this fund for
the manufacture of arms. That is a right vested
m the States, and which they have the right to
call upon this Government, under the act of J£08,
to perform m furnishing them their quota of arms
and military equipments. You cannot fulfill that
obligation only by replacing this fund,and apply-
ing it to furm.shmg the States with aims and mil-
itary equipments.
What would be the eileot, supposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman fnun Ohio should prevail ?
Would it affect the national armoiies? No; its
elfeot would be to withdraw the power from the
Secretary of War to distribute arms and military
equipments anions the States. He only made a
temporary use of that fund, taking it tor granted
that Congress, at its first session, would enable
him to comply with the law of 1808, for distrib-
uting arms mid militaiy equipments among the
StUtCH.
Now, Mr. Speaker, an impnssion may pre-
vail that this whole sum of $200,000 has been ap-
plied to the manufacture of arms since the 1st of
July, 1857. I learn from the ordnance depart-
ment that not more than £,100,000 has been ap-
plied for that purpose. They speak, it is true,
of this fund as a fund of $200,OuO; but they do
not say that the whole amount nas been applied.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then if it
has not been applied, it remains in their hands.
Mr. FAULKNER. They have no right to
touch it, except under an eini'i^ncy. During the
recess of Congiess, when your national work-
shops would have been broken up if the Depart-
ment had not resorted to this arrangement, they
were justified, under the opinion of the Attorney
General, in doing it. But now when you have
the power to correct the wrong, when you can ap
ply the remedy, it would not be proper for them
to be using the fund longer in that woy.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The differ-
ence between the gentleman and myself is this: I
say, with the Attorney Geueivl, they were au-
thoiized by law to do what they did. I say, as
against the gentleman, that they were not author-
ized by any emergency at all; they hid a legal
right to do it; and no emergency without law
could have justified it.
Mr. FAULKNER. It is true the emergency
could not of itself have justified it; but the militia
appropriation was susceptible of a construction by
which ft might be applied to the manufacture of
arms. Inasmuch, however, as the universal usage
of the country has been to gratify the States by
giving them a description of military equipments
not made at the national armorns, it would be
impossible for the ordnance department to carry
oat the policy of the country m the distribution
of such arms and military equipments us tiiey de-
sired, unless they applied that fund to other pur-
poses than the manufacture of arms at the nation-
al armories.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ascertain if I under-
stand the question correctly. If i understand it
the $200,000 of permanent appropriation by the
act of 1808 has been applied m part for the man-
ufacture of arms for the purpose of supplying the
militia of the country. If I.understand the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, he claims that that was
a misapplication of that permanent appropriation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, sir, I
do not. On the contrary, I say that it might very
well be done under the law. 1 merely want to
correct the gentleman from Missouri. lie seems
to be under the impression that 1 think that this
was a misapplication of the fund. Not so. I
have said,certainly for the third* time, that under
the opinion of the Attorney Genet al, it was a,
proper application of the fund. Ikit I say tbatif
the fund of $200,000 has been exhau^ed m man-
ufacturing arms for the mihtio, then tiiey do not
want the $360,000; and if wo supply the $200,000
that has been spent, we ousrht nut to supply it to
the fund that the gentleman from Virginia wants
to carry it to, but to the fund from winch it has
been taken.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose that only a portion
of the $2110,000 has been applied to the manufac-
ture of arms.
Mr. FAULKNER. Only a portion.
Mr. PHELPS. How much?
Mr. FAULKNER. About one hundred thou-
sand dollars, as I learn.
Mr. PHELPS. Only about one hundred thou-
sand dollars. Well, sir, the Executive had clearly
a right to direct arms to be manufactured at the
national armories for distribution to the militia.
Whether those armoues can expend $360,000, m
addition to the $100,000 which they have already
expended, is a matter about which I am not ad-
vised; but 1 presume that the Committee on Mil-
itary Atlairs would not have recommended this
appiopnation to supply the omission in the Army
appiopriation of last session, unless they had been
satisfied that the amount could be economically
expended m the manufacture of arms at these
armories. Certain it is, that the committee of
which I was a member at the last Congress did
recommend the House to appropriate $360,000,
and it went through all the forms of legislation
except being enrolled and signed by the President.
The Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress thought that the amount was neces-
sary.
Air. STANTON. Ifrhe gentleman from Virginia
will permit me, I desire to corieet a misapprehen-
sion. The lepoitof the Committee on Military
Aiiairs is no expression of opinion about the
wants of tin; armories in regaid to this appropria-
tion. They express no opinion upon the subject.
The members of the committee expressly reserved
the right to make up their opinions from informa-
tion subsequently to be obtained.
Mr. PHELPS. What did the committee con-
sider—the bill5
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this transferring
the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. The conclusion of thegen-
tleman from Missouri is correct. The Committee
on Military Affairs agreed to report the bill, but
the right was reserved to each member of the com-
mittee to modify his opinion or action upon in-
formation whieh might be subsequently given to
him, and to urge any objections to the bill bolero
the House. But as a military question there was
no dilTeunce of opuiion; and the committee did
give its assent to it, subject to the qualifications
before stated.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question, m order that we may understand
each other. Do i understand thegentleman to say
tnatthe Military Committee, in reporting this bill,
expressed the opinion that more than $360,000
could be profitably expended at the aimories
during the fiscal year ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not know that itdid.
Every gentleman was at liberty, as I remarked,
upon full information derivable from the ordnauce
