2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
lands of the Government from being sold at more
than $3 25 per acre. He tells you that citizens
of Minnesota, along the river, in the hotels, and
everywhere, said that there were combinations
formed. Mr. Rice, a gentleman of high standing
and character, in whom the people of Minnesota
have reposed their confidence by electing him to
the United States'Senate, told him there were
combinations already formed; that if the land was
exposed to public sale there would be combina-
tions which would prevent it bringing more than
$1 -25 per acre. Mr. Heiskell tells you that he
was told by the Secretary of War to get a good
price for the property, and that he went there
with a determination to do it.
These were the just reasons which operated
upon this unjustly abused commissioner; and now
1 ask the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,]
with this testimony before him, with the history
of all the land sales of this country, with the pre-
cedent of the sale of the most valuable portion of
this very reservation only a very few years ago at
public auction for only $125 an acre, was Mr. Heis-
kell not justified in the course he pursued ? What
do the witnesses say upon the point? They all
concur in telling you that this reservation was
sold for a better price than any on record, with
the single exception of the small one in the city
of Chicago, sold by Judge Burchard, to which I
have already referred. These, sir, were the mo-
tives which operated upon the commissioner to
sell this land at private sale.
But, sir, the gentleman states in the report that
Major Eastman did not know the difference be-
tween a private and a public sale. Here is another
case in which he does not quote the evidence cor-
rectly. In answer to the interrogatory why he
did not advertise this property, he replied, that if
he had advertised it, it would not have been a
private sale—an answer that any sensible man
would have given.
There is another matter to which I desire to call
the gentleman's attention, fhough 1 will not enter
into discussion with regard to it. The gentleman
speaks of the character of Df. Graham, of Mr.
Mather, and of Mr. Steele. I have no personal
acquaintance with any of those gentlemen, ex-
cept that made during this investigation; but I be-
lieve they are all esteemed by their own neighbors.
Mr. Mather has held distinguished official posi-
tions in the State of New York; Dr. Graham has
occupied a high oflicial position—I believe that
of commissioner of public works in Virginia; Mr.
Steele*lias been regarded as one of Minnesota's
best citizens. They are all gentlemen of high re-
spectability, and it is not my purpose, nor is it
necessary for me, to enter into any defense of
them; nor has it anything whatever to do with the
question which this House has under considera-
tion. *
But let us look at another part of this transac-
tion. The majority report takes the position that
the contingency under which the Secretary of
War was authorized to make sale of the reserva-
tion had not arisen; that it was longer needed for
military purposes. Upon this point I take issue
with them. They undertake to show that it was
longer needed, by stating that the Secretary of
War still occupies it with troops. I have already
shown that he had the legal discretion vested in
him to sell it under the law.
The gentleman contrasts in connection with this
matter the opinion of Colonel Davis and General
Jcsup, with those of Secretary Floyd. Sir, the
gentleman does not do justice to the present Sec-
retary by the quotation he makes. General Jesup
basis his opinion that Fort Snelling ought not
be sold upon a peculiar view of the military policy
of the Government. He says, that if it is the
policy of the Gover nment to collect troops in large
numbers at interior posts and send them to the
frontier as they are wanted, that Fort Snelling
ought to have been retained, and that he thinks
this policy would have a better effect upon the In-
dian tribes. The policy of the Government had
been directly the reverse. The policy had been to
establish military posts upon the frontier. Gen-
eral Davis recommended the retention of Fort
Snelling in the eventof the policy being adopted to
collect large bodies of troops at particular points,
to be thence distributed to the frontieras occasion
might demand General Jesup says that if that
is not to be the course of the Government, then
Fort Snelling can only be valuable as a military
depot, and for that purpose only one hundred and
fifty acres, with the improvements, would be
needed. His opinion is made with so many quali-
fications,*that as testimony it is not worth a jot
against the validity of this sale; but anyhow it
proves^ that under the settled military policy of
the country, it was useless.
Mr. Speaker, where is Fort^Snelling? This
everybody can answer for himself. The gentle-
man from Minnesota says that standing upon that
reservation one can look upon the smoke curling
from the chimney tops of the dwellings of twenty
thousand people. The whole proof in the case
shows that the fort is at the center of population
in the Territory. And, sir, there is but one single
military man, Major Martin, who is of opinion
that it is now required for military defense. The
concurrent testimony of Army officers is, that as
a post of defense, it is useless. Its retention for mil-
itary purposes is limited by all of them to the idea
of a depot of supplies. Look at Fort Ripley, which
is far beyond towards the'fron tier. That was aban-
doned as a military post until last summer, when
troops were stationed there to operate against the
hostilities of Ink-pa-du-tah's band. There was a
post at Fort Ridgely, one hundred miles beyond.
These gentlemen, however, insist that Fort Snel-
ling should be retained as a depot to supply the two
forts upon the frontier which I have just men-
tioned. The testimony is that never at any time
have either of them been supplied from Fort Snel-
ling. Captain Thom, when questioned in the mat-
ter, makes a statement of his belief that they had
been supplied from Fort Snelling. If the major-
ity, when making their report, had looked a little
further they would have seen that when I interro-
gated him he stated that he had no knowledge of
those forts being supplied from Fort Snelling.
Colonel Lee, who was commandant at the fort,
said that no such supplies were sent to Fort Rip-
ley, or Fort Ridgely, at any time between 1851
and 1854.
After all, this is a question of economy: shall
the Government retain this property at an annual
cost of many thousands of dollars for the purpose
of transhipping supplies? Is it the better and
more prudent course to make but one shipment
from the sources of supply? Shall the Govern-
ment remove supplies from the St. Louis posts to
the storehouses of Fort Snelling, and then ship
them again for forts upon the frontier? Is that
economical when they can be directly shipped to
those posts? It is a question which appeals to
the common sense of every man; it requires no
military skill to determine it; it is purely a com-
mercial one, and I would rather have the opinion
of a shiewd business man in the premises than
the opinion of all the military men in the country.
Let us look at the question in another point of
view. The officers at Fort Snelling were opposed
to the sale and it was natural that they should be.
They had a beautiful place of residence, they
had the most comfortable quarters, and a super-
abundance of stores for their subsistence. There
they were living upon the fat of the land, without
anything under God's heaven to do. Society was
war at hand in a city populous, and furnishing
all the luxuries of life. They of course did not
want to surrender such quarters and such com-
forts for the hardships and trials of a frontier
station. That is the secret of the whole affair,
and I will venture to say that it is the secret of
every remonstrance made against the sale of the
military reservations heretofore.
We have in addition to the testimony taken by
the committee, the report of a board of the most
distinguished officers in the country, of whom
General Harney was the president. These men
answer all the points, in favor of the view that
this reservation was no longer needed for the
military purposes of the Government.
Then I would ask members, upon all sides,
whether, with all these facts before them, the
contingency did notarise in which the Secretary
of War was authorized to sell this reservation?
If it was no longer needed as a post of military
defense, then the Secretary of War, under the
law, had the control of its disposal; and if, in
compliance with the demands of his duty, he did
cause its sale, can any action of this House in-
validate or set aside that sale ? It was purely an
executive act. The Secretary of War had the
power conferred upon him to do what he has
done. The sale was made. Have we the right
to-set it aside? If there is any question aboutit,
it is purely a judicial question.
Mr. Speaker, I have called the attention of the
House to this sale from its inception to its perfec-
tion. I have shown the reasons why the Gov-
ernment made the sale in the manner in which it
was made. I have shown that the contingency
had arrived in which the Secretary of War was
vested with discretionary power to make the sale.
The next question is, was the price adequate ?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says
that it was not. On this subject there is a differ-
ence of opinion. It is shown that it is the best
sale of a military reservation ever made, save and
except the one in Chicago, to which I have al-
ready referred. Was the price fair and adequate?
I do not regard this as a question of importance,
but I wish to show'that this transaction, stripped
of everything that does not properly attach to it,
has nothing in it to which blame can be ascribed
by any man. The witnesses who sneak as to the
value Of the property differ; but when we go to
what those say who are most familiar with it, we
find that they testify that the Government got all
that it was worth, if not more.
What is the testimony of those seven gentle-
men from St. Paul, referred to by the gentleman
from Vermont ? They all tell you that they know
this land, and have known it for years; and that
it sold for more money than it was worth, and for
more than thepurchasercan now get forit. What
does Mr. Rice toll you? He is a man who knows
the property well. He tells you he has land lying
alongside of it which he offered for ten dollars an
acrc, and that he could not get that.
What else does this testimony show? The
great majority of the witnesses express the opin-
ion that these purchasers could not sell that res-
ervation for the money they agreed to pay for it.
Now let us look at the equitable right which these
parties had to become the purchasers. The com-
missioners say they had no legal right of preemp-
tion. So say I. Biy had they an equitable right ?
Mr. Steele went on the reservation twenty years
ago, as the sutler of the Army. He made his im-
provements there, as the testimony shows, by the
authority of the Government, by the authority of
the commanding officer at the post. What else
is shown? That McKenzie also made his im-
provements there by the authority of the Gov-
ernment; that these ferry-houses were erected,
and these ferries established there, by its express
authority.
Now the question is this: whether, when the
Government comes to sell this reservation, these
parties who have thus made their improvements
under its authority were not equitably entitled to
protection, and whether, if they do not become
the purchasers, the Government would not have
become equitably bound to compensate them for
theirimprovements? No man who speaks of these
improvements puts them at less than $30,000.
The gentleman from Indiana, in his report, says
that Mr. Heiskell speaks of them as worth
$50,000. Now, he is again mistaken. My friends
ought to adopt the Christian maxim of forgiving
those who speak evibof them; and ought not to
bear malice. Mr, Heiskell merely stated it as
his opinion that if they had sold this land, and
denied to Steele the right to buy, and if he had
come before Congress, his Republican friends
would have voted him $50,000 for his improve-
ments.
Mr. CLAY. I would like to know whether
any act of Congress gave authority to this sutler
to put these buildings there?
Mr. BURNETT. By act of Congress, this res-
ervation is set apart for military purposes. The
Secretary of War had the power to give authority
for the erection of these buildings, and their erec-
tion was authorized by the commanding officer.
Some of them were necessary, to enable the sut-
ler properly to discharge his duty as sutler of
the post.
Mr. CLAY. Do I understand my colleague to
say that the commanding officer of a military post
has a right to grant a preemption right to a sutler?
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir: I do not take any
such position; but I say that where the subordi-
nates of the Government, with the consent of the
Secretary of War, authorize A, B, or C, engaged
in discharging official duties at the point, to build
a house on a military reservation belonging to this
Government, when you come to sell theiandand
