1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2619
deprive the man of the value of his improvements,
he has the equitable and just right to be compen-
sated for them.
The value of the improvements, added to the
price paid for the land, makes the cost $120,000.
A portion of the property has been sold, the gen-
tleman from Indiana says, at the rate of §180,000.
Now, sir,.Mr. Steele speaks, I believe, of building
warehouses, and of grading, &c., to the amount
of between fourteen and fifteen thousand dollars.
Is there anything, then, made in the profit which
should startle the country, or make gentlemen
hold up their hands in holy horror and talk about
fraud and collusion? Both Judge Douglas and
Mr. Stuart, the Senator from Michigan, unite
with the weight of testimony and say the amount
paid for the land was adequate; and those who
know the land best, say that it is sold for more
than it is worth.
In addition to the number of witnesses who say
that the property sold'for its full value, we have
the statement of three hundred and sixty-six men
who reside there,and whose respectability cannot
and will not be questioned by the gentlemen on the
other side. They give it as their opinion that
this land sold for more than it was worth; that
eleven dollars an acre was a fair price for it. And
with all these facts before us, I ask whether there
is any reason for attaching blame cither to the
Secretary of War,or to the agents of the Govern-
ment who were authorized to sell this property ?
Now, sir, let us look at the reasons which oper-
ated on the commissioners in offering this prop-
erty for sale to Mr. Steele. First, he had been
living there for twenty years; he had raised his i
family there; he had made these valuable im- j
provements there. The commissioners knew J
this. They made an estimate as to the value of
the property—a careful one, too. based on their
own knowledge of it, and oil the information de-
rived from others; and they determined to offer
it to him because he had these valuable improve-
ments upon it, and on that account would be
likely to give more for it. Is there anything
wrong in that, when he paid all for it that it was
worth ?
Now I wish to call attention to another fact. An
attempt is made to impeach the character of a gen-
tleman—Major Eastman—without a single parti-
cle of legal testimony to base it upon. The ma-
jority undertake to show a palpable and positive
contradiction of his testimony. Now, there is not
a county-court lawyer, who has ever practiced,
who does not know that there is no rule of law
so well established as that a statement made by
a party to a witness, who testifies to the purport
of a mere fugitive conversation, is the weakest of
all testimony. And why? Because it is easily
forgotten, easily misunderstood, and never re-
peated as said. Now, you have here Captain
Thorn's statement of this conversation. I asked
him the question, "Where did it occur, when, and
who was present?" and he could neither fix the
time, the place, nor who was present. I mean the
particular place; he said it was on the reservation.
In contradiction to that, you have Major East-
man's unqualified statement of what he regarded
as the value of the property, that, though lie had
never bought a foot of land in his whole life, ho
had lived on the reservation for nine years, and
believed it had been sold for more than it was
worth. Now, if, for political or any other pur-
poses, gentlemen are willing to take mere hearsay
evidence in regard to a conversation which oc-
curred more than a year ago, to impeach the ve-
racity of a respectable gentleman—one who has
been in the service of the country for thirty years,
and who stands unimpeached as a high-toned,
honorable man—then, I ask you, to what lengths
will they not go?
Now, the gentleman from Massachusetts, |Mr.
Dawes,] who seemed to take peculiar pleasure
to-day in misstating everything—not intention-
ally,! presume, but from not understanding what
he was talking about—said that this was a scheme
formed during the last Administration for the pur-
pose of obtaining Port Snelling. Where is there
any evidence of that? Now, sir, that statement
by a Representative on this floor is made, and goes
out, for the purpose of poisoning the minds ot the
people of the country when there is not a particle
of evidence to sustain it!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. It was not my purpose, at
the opening of the debate, to have mingled in this j
controversy; but the course which has been pur-
sued by gentlemen upon the opposite side of' the
House constrains me, in vindication of the votes
which I may give upon the final settlement of this
question, to state, as briefly as possible, some of
the views which I entertain of the facts connected
with this transaction. Before proceeding, how-
ever, to notice those facts, I desire to take notice
of some of the strange and curious propositions
which have been put.forth by gentlemen upon the
opposite side, for the purpose, I suppose, of evad-
ing the force of the testimony which is spread out
here before the House and the country.
What was the proposition of the gentleman from
| Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop?] Why, that we were
I not to judge this case because we are not per-
| mitted to judge of the secret motives which move
; men in the performance of any act. 11 is strange
! that any man should attempt to set up a proposi-
tion of that sort, when every man who has ever
read the horn-book of the profession of the law
knows that the judgment as to a man's motives
is not the judgment of the triers, but the judgment
of the law. It is a principle that has been recog-
nized for a thousand years by the common law
and the common judgment of mankind, that men
do mean and intend exactly the natural conse-
quences of their own acts. I say, then, that we
deal here with facts, and the law pronounces the
judgment which we are bound merely to record
here by our votes. What becomes, then, of the
ingenious device of the gentleman from Connec-
ticut, that although the facts be proved, yet the
motives of the officers of the Government may
have been very good, or, at all events, that it is
not for us to sit in judgment upon th«m ?
Mr. BISHOP, 'flic gentleman will remember
that that remark was made in speaking of the
general habit of questioning the motives of polit-
ical opponents, and not in connection with the
facts in this particular case.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to know that the
gentleman will not attempt to spread that propo-
sition of his over the official misconduct of any of
the gentlemen who have been connected with this
transaction; but 1 am sorry, on the other hand,
that the gentleman saw fit so soon to forget that
; very beiievoletitproposition of his, that it is wrong
to sit in judgment upon the motives of political
j opponents, and straightway proceed himself to
■ judge the motives of gentlemen upon this side of
i 'the"House, who have the misfortune to differ with
him in regard to the Jat's of this transaction. I
recognize the right of the gentleman to form for
himself his own judgment upon those, facts, and
to act accordingly; but I claim for myself the
right also to judge of the facts as they stand proven
on this record, and to act accordingly. It had
been as well, perhaps, for the reputation of some
of the public officials connected with the sale of
this reservation, if the gentleman had dealt with
the facts as they stand proved here, and less with
propositions wholly untenable and outside of the
case.
There are but three points arising upon this
evidence to which I wish to call the attention of
the House. One is the inadequacy of the price
for which this reservation was sold; another is the
marked secrecy and concealment which attended
the transaction from beginning to end; and the
other is the flagrant and palpable violation of the
written law of the land—o^the written power of
attorney, so to speak, under which the Secretary
of War and his subordinates acted in this con-
tract of sale. That this contract is in violation of
the statute, is a poult which, in my judgment,
could not have escaped the notice of the astute
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] but
for the fact that he seemed to be greatly interested
in the reputation of his friend and neighbor, the
Secretary of War. I honor him for the zeal,
earnestness, force, and eloquence with which he
sought to vindicate and cover the character of his
friend from the suspicion of any dishonorable, or
dishonest, or unworthy conduct in this transac-
tion; and I am not prepared to say, in view of the
testimony, that the Secretary of War is by any
means as culpable as some of the other parties
connected with this matter, or that he can bejustly
charged or suspected of any corrupt or dishonor-
able motive in the transaction.
Ill regard to the inadequacy of the price, whilst
I do not mean to say that any court of equity, or
any tribunal governed by equitableconsiderations,
will setaside and declare void a sale merely on the
ground of inadequacy of price, still I affirm it is
a badge of fraud, and as such is always to be
taken notice of; and I further affirm that the in-
adequacy of consideration in connection with the
other facts proved in this case, would be held suffi-
cient before any courtnf equity in the world to set
aside this sale; that in view of these facts, this con-
tract could not stand one hour in any codrt of
equity. There was gross inadequacy of consid-
eration in this case. The Secretary of War knew
it; the agents of the Secretary of War knew it;
the purchasers knew it; they had acknowledged it
themselves in writing a year before the sale; that
writing was upon file in theWar Department,and
therefore within the knowledge of the Secretary of
War. With that fact written out and confessed
by all the parties to the sale, gentlemen rise in
then-places here, and say there is no fraud proved.
Inadequacy of pricc, I tell you, does, in itself,
constitute an element of fraud, and no man will
undertake to gainsay it. The general proposition
is admitted, that of itself it is insufficient to in-
validate and set aside a sale; but it is, notwith-
standing, held to be evidence of fraud.
NowT I shall not stop to read all the proof that
is detailed in this report, but I undertake to say
that the weight of the evidence here before the
House proves incontestably that that land on the
day of the sale was worth at least twenty-five dol-
lars an acre, whether sold in parcels or in gross.
I might go furthei, but that is far enough for my
purpose. The testimony of Eastman, one of the
commissioners, is that the quantity of land is
about eight thousand acres. I take it that if the
land was properly surveyed it would be found
that there are from one to two thousand acres
more. But adopting the estimate of eight thou-
sand acres, the land which passed by that sale
was, according to the weight of this evidence,
worth on that day, $200,000. It sold for $90',{)00,
being $10,000 less than half its value. The pur-
chaser himsdf, Mr. Steele, who acted for himself
as well as for Air. Mather, Mr. Se.hell, and Dr.
Graham of Virginia, had a year before made ap-
plication to the Secretary of War to sell this res-
ervation to him, for himself and others, and was
ready to purchase it at the rate of fifteen dollars
per acre. That application is on file in the War
Department, and is published at length in the re-
port of the committee. Well, sir,at fifteen dollars
per acre, this land would have brought $120,000.
Sir, this gentleman, having put his wril'ten
proposition on file in the War Department, goes
back to his place. These commissioners are ap-
pointed, and pi oceed to Minnesota. They dis-
close the fact of their appointment to no one. As
soon as they arrive there, they address a polite
note to Mr. Steele. They do not explain to any-
body how it occurred to them to open a corre-
spondence with Mr. Steele; they do not tell us
whether they were advised before they started
that Mr. Steele had a year before proposed to
give what would amount to $120,000 for this same
reservation; they simply state that, when Mr.
Heiskell arrived there, they determined to sell the
property at private sale, and addressed a note to
Mr. Steele, inviting him to purchase, and asking
him what he would give for the property., Mr.
Steele informs them that he would give $75,000;
and, after a piiva'e dicker over the transaction,
they conclude they will take $90,000, it being
$30,000 less than Mr. Steele proposed only a year
before to give for the very same property. It will
not do for Mr. Steele, or any gentleman speaking
in behalf of Mr. Steele, to say_ that it was not
their intention, in this transaction, to cheat the
Government ?
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him whether, as a lawyer, he will
say that the effect of the proposition of Mr. Steele,
sent to Secretary Davis, to purchase this properly,
was not for $75,000 in gross? Is not that the
legal and only common-sense view you can take
of that proposition ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, the proposition was
to pay fifteen dollars per acre for it. It is true
he states that he supposed the land would amount
to about five thousand acres, at which the sum
total would be $75,000; but his proposition was
distinctly to pay fifteen dollars per acre, and I
say that the legal as well as common-sense con-
struction of the proposition would have required
