1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
moral rather than by physical force? It seems to
me that my friend must be mistaken; and that the
question which is now presented can be decided
only as it has always been decided, whether in
barbarous or civilized countries, by the resistance
of force by force; by the restraint of the powerful
over those who are less powerful but more de-
praved ; by a resort to that self-protecting element
of society, against the seeds of dissolution and
decay with which it is deeply implanted.
Mr. QUITMAN". I think the honorable gen-
tleman alludes to a pan, of tny remarks.
Mr. JCUIN COCHRANE. I do.
Mr. QUITMAN. I think he has misunder-
stood me. 1 did not intend, in speaking of moral
influences, to say that I would dissuade the mal-
efactor from the commission of crime. I in-
tended simply to say that this mere additional
military force or forces of any kind would not ne-
cessarily correct the evil; that it must be cor-
rected by other means than a mere addition of
brute force. Is there any reason to hope that a
mere addition of physical foive to the police would
mak' that police more effective? There has not,
I beli 'V", occurred a single instance of violence
in which a resort to physical force has betM ne-
cessary to prevent it. Tile assassin strikes down
in the dark, and fiom a covert, Il^lf a do/.'-n, or
three men present would protect u man against
them. It is not the want of physical protection,
for the presence of one man would afford protec-
tion. Jt is to get men, as offioers, who have in-
telligence, activity, and courage to investigate
offenses, and bring criminals to justice. In Lon-
don and Pans, and in the gentleman's own city,
a crime can haidly be commuted without the
police being able to truce it up, and bring the of-
fender to justice. There is no combination of
men necessity to an est an offender. My whole
argument, I submit, was intended to show that
we ought to direct our minds and intellects to the
correction of the evil, not merely by an addition
to the police force.
* Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I agree in the main
with my friend ftom Mississippi, m the position
he has taken, and I assent to the proposition whn-h
he has made, that it would be better to prevent
crime than, when committed, to cast, about for
the method of suppressing it. That certainly is
a proposition which admits of no doubt, and I
am not here for the purpose of arguing against it.
If the mind and the morals of a community were
in a normal state, theie would be no necessity for
physical restraint, there would be no necessity
for correction; for the mind and the morals of the
community would in such case have proceeded
in that direction, where relief from the necessity
of a supervising police would necessarily ensue.
But where the public mind is not in that healthy
condition, where moials are defective and de-
praved, and wherever a community exists under
the sanctions and influences which usually prevail
in the organization of modern society, we know
full well that crime is engendered. Where evils
of this sort have an existence, it is plain that a
force must be created competent to separate the
criminal from the offense. It is simply, as I said
before, the opposition of one force to another
force. I would prefer, everybody would prefer,
that preventives should be employed that would
relieve us of the necessity of the correction of
crime. This I believe to be a fair statement of
the difference between the gentleman and myself.
Sir, there are two considerations which present
themselves in respect to this bill. I should say
here that, as the bill and amendments stand, I
cannot vote for them. They have serious and
important defects. I do not think that they are
incurable, but, on the contrary, believe that they
may be remedied by two or three amendments.
And it is because I think that their defects can be
remedied, and a bill be formed which will receivc
the vote of the House, that I have risen to my
feet on this occasion, for the purpose of present-
ing a few practical remarks.
In the first place, I think, in order to make a
police force efficient, the appointing power should
be deprived of all patronage. Not, sir, that lam
so foolish as to suppose that patronage is not a
necessary incident to appointment;but the power
of appointment, instead of being concentrated,
should be as divergent as possible, divided among
many; and the many should result in turn from
as many separate and diverging sources again.
Not that I would have them referrible to the ac-
tion of the elective franchise, for in that case you
would create a foive constituted by those very
persons whom they are raised to restrain. For
instance: an election is to occur here to-morrow
for a board of policc commissioners. Who a.e
they that are to be marshaled to the polls? You
ail answer that they are respectable cnizens, and
they will be divided by party demarcation into
Democrats and Republicans—perhaps equally
divided. Who, then, are they who will hold the
balance of power* Why, sit, iho very individu-
als whom it is intended this police f-jree shall re-
strain Perh ips associations similar to the Plu%
Rip Rtp>9 or Dead U<Mih, will be theie to
control the polls either by S"curely possessing
themselves of them, or by excluding tho.3c from
them who would have a more legitimate presence
there. Can gentlemen claim that those returned
by the ballots of such men are those who ought
to be put in power as a police? By no moans.
But 1 am answered on the other side, if you do
not elect your police commissioners, but refer them
to the appointing power of tne President, that
these who nro appointed will necessarily i>o party
tnen; and if party men, by an equal necessity your
police will be political partisans. II.is it never
oce.ui red to gentlemen that if tiicv are party m-m
who arc appointed by individuals tootfise, how
much more must they be party men who are the
elected cand,dates of a party ? In the o.ie case
the party connection is remote; in the other u is
direct Who has ever heard of a candidate of
'he Republican < r Democratic party, when elected
for a soec.iiic purpose, abandoning that purpose
and beuaying his party > And if a candidate for
the office of police commissioner be elected either
as a Republican or as a DeniiKuit, is it for one
instant to be supposed ili.tt he will nor act iri
favor of the party wh«ch elects Jum, strictly as a
party man ? and I hat he will not compose a police
force of entirely political partit«ans ? Sir, it is thus
that you will encounter the very objection it is
sought to avoid.. You will thus have your police
force a force of political partisans, and conse-
quently useless to thecommunity because destitute
of its confidence.
As I said a few moments ago, I think it would
be injudicious to leave the appointment to one
man, although I am very free to say, and I think
the judgment of gentlemen will concur with mine
m this respect, that in large cities the power of
the people becomes less potent for self protection,
and the power of the one man more essentially
requ'red. This, I say, not that we should de-
generate into despotism or tyranny, not that we
should invoke the powers of a dictator for the
conservation of the State or the body-politic, but
it is clear that in all placcs where crime congre-
gates, where property is accumulated, which pro-
vokes with temptation the bad impulses and the
evil passions of our nature, those passions and
impulses, with all their deleterious tram, should
be restrained by actual force; and that force which
is fraught with the greatest power and concen-
trated with the most vigor, is the force most ef-
fectually restraining the infamous and the aban-
doned. But one gentleman has proclaimed that
popular sovereignty is thus violated. I point him
to his theory, and ask whether the truth which is
applicable to Kansas has any appreciable pres-
ence here? The one is for the conservation of the
realty, and of the personalty not only, but of the
lives of our fellow-citizens. The other is the great
engine by which the polity of a people is estab-
lished m their government by themselves.
Now, sir, m regard to this bill I have butafew
words more to say, and for the simple reason that
there is not much argument to be made upon it.
It is a question of sheer, simple, practical im-
port—such a question as every man, woman, and
child, who has felt the impression of violence, can
judge of unassisted. In the fhst place, this bill
proposes (and I identify the original bill of the
Senate with the amendment introduced by the j
gentleman from Virginia) that the chief shall be |
appointed by the President of the United States. ,
I see no possible objection to this provision. The ;
President of the United States, the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation ! If there be any sanction in
p]aCe_if there be any pride of position—any re-
spectability attached to official station, they all at-
tach there. Gentlemen say that the appointments
may be of a partisan character. And so will every
appointmentbe partisan that can be made, now or
hereafter; and so have been all appointments, from
the time of Adam to the present—whether you
refer the partisanship to politics, to personal fa-
voritism, or to any other source. You cannot
strip the human mind of its bias. If it is to de*
cide, it must decide upon reason; and all our rea-
son, Mr. Chairman, is more or less influenced by
our affections, our prejudices, or our passions.
Were it otherwise, we should all agree. It is be-
cause we are human and infirm, and subject to
the sway of conflicting emotions, that we differ
where reason otherwise would trtake us of one
accord. And so 1 cannot conceive thnt th< re is
any good reason why the appointment of the
chief of police should not be submitted to the
hands of the chief officer of the Republic.
But, the chief having been selected, I demur en-
tirely to the appointment by that chief of the of-
fices and men who are to constitute that police
foi ce. Why, if you appoint a chief, whose duty
t shall be to organize or make effective the men,
andtf you give to htm the power of appointment
or dismissal at his own will, without let or hin-
idorauce, except the sanction of the Secretary of
the Interior, youi police, before organization, will
be degenerate. None will apply for enrollment
but those wh<>, in vulgar but expressive phrase,
have axeg to grind; anil none will be appoint- d
save those who wilt fitly constitute a body-guard
for the chief, and not a police for the city. The
principle io altogether wrong. It has been found
to wot k badly in practice. It has never been so
in the city of New York, where thousands of po-
liceman throng the streets and thread the ways,
and guard the lives and property of her citizens.
Theie the chief of police is but the chief servant
of the public; he is the visible head, the organ-
izer, the manipulator; but the superior power is
vested in a board of police commissioners. And
so should it be here. A board of police commis-
sioners should he constituted of individuals dif-
ferent from any of those contemplated in the first
section of the bill.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from New York to the fact that he
identifies, in this matter of appointment, the two
bills—that passed by the Senate, arid that which
I had the honor to present as a substitute. The
Senate b'H gives the appointment of the captains
and lieutenants to the chief, with the concurrence
of the Senate. The bill which I have submitted
deprives the chief of all power over the appoint-
ment of the captains and lieutenant, but gives
him the appointment of the men. The Secretary
of the Interior alone is authorized under thestat- ,
ute to appoint the captains and lieutenants, and
the chief alone has the appointment of the men.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand the
position of the gentleman from Vuginia, and also
the various provisions of the different bills before
us; but in order to be sure, and in order that my
remarks may not be subject to any mistake, I will
read that part of the bill which I deem objection-
able:
'• The chief of The auxiliary guard shall be appointed by
the Prescient, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and the captains, lieutenants, arid men shall be ap-
pointed by the chief, with the approval of the Secretaiy of
the Interior., and may be dismissed by the chief athi;$ pleas-
me, or upon the order of the said Secretary.''
Mr. GOODE. That is the bill of the Senate.
Mr. JOHN" COCHRANE. I have already en-
larged on the reasons why this power of appoint-
ment should be taken from an individual, and es-
pecially from the chief; and the same reasons are
applicable to the appointment and dismissal of
the men. In reference more particularly to the
last consideration, I will state, briefly, my points
of objection. The person selected should be, with
proper behavior on his part, secure of his position
for life. If he is not, the sanctions witii which he
is clothed are improper and unworthy; and the
moment theyassume that character the confidence
of the public will be justly withheld from him.
He no longer then is a worthy member of the
body, which, to beefficient, must possess the con-
fidence of the public. Norshouhl he be dismissed
at the chief's pleasure. By such a law you would
make the chief ail autocrat of the police; and by
virtue of that one provision the city of Washing-
ton would, at any and every moment, be at the
mercy of a chief of police, and not under the
protection of the police itself; and, my word for
it, that in six months from the day when such a
