558
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For the last of twenty-seven installments for
the pay of two physicians, per fifth article treaty
fifteenth September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, four hundred dollars.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, per fourth article
treaty first November, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars.
For twelfth of thirty installments of interest on
eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Miscellaneous —For carrying into effect the act
of thiid March, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
making provisions for the civilization of the In-
dian tribes, in addition to the sum specified in
said act, five thousand dollars.
For continuing the compilation and completion
of a map of the Indian territory, two thousand
dollars.
Approved, May 5, 1858.
Chap. XXXI.—An Act for the Admission of the
State of Minnesota into the Union.
Whereas an act of Congress was passed Feb-
ruary twenty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, entitled "An act to authorize the people
of the Territory of Minnesota to form a consti-
tution and State government preparatory to their
admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States;" and whereas the people of
said Territory did, on the twenty-ninth day of
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, by
delegates elected for that purpose, form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, which
is republican in form, and was ratified and adopted
by the people at an election held on the thir-
teenth day of October, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, for that purpose: Therefore,
he it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the State of Minnesota shall be
one, and is hereby declared to be one, of the
United States of America, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatever.
Sue. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
State shall be entitled to two Representatives in
Congress until the next apportionment of Repre-
sentatives amongst the several States.
Sec. 3. Jiiul be it further enacted, That from
and after the admission of the State of Minne-
sota, as hereinbefore provided, all the laws of the
United States which arc not locally inapplicable,
shall have the same force and effect within that
State as in other Slates of the Union; and the
said State is hereby constituted a judicial district
of the United States, within which a district
court, with the like powers and jurisdiction as
the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Iowa, shall be established; the judge, at-
torney, and marshal of the United States for the
said district of Minnesota shall reside within the
same, and shall be entitled to the same compen-
sation as the judge, attorney, and marshal of the
district of Iowa; and ill all cases of appeal or
writ of error heretofore prosecuted and now pend-
ing in the Supieme Court of the United States,
upon any record from the supreme court of Min-
nesota Territory, the mandate of execution or
order of further proceedings shall be directed by
the Supreme Court of the United States to the
district court of the United Slates for the district
of Minnesota, or to the supreme court of the
State of Minnesota, as the nature of such appeal
or writ of error may require; and each of those,
courts shall be the successor of the supreme court
of Minnesota Territory, as to all such cases, with
full power to hear and determine the same, and
to award mesne or final process therein.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act amendatory of an Act
entitled " An Act to establish two additional
Land Districts in the Territory of Minnesota,"
approved July eighth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprt-
aentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of an act entitled " An
act to establish two additional land districts in
the Territory of Minnesota," approved July
eighth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, as defines the southern boundary of the
northwestern land district, on the west side of
the Mississippi river, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed, and in lieu thereof the following
boundaries are established, to wit: Commencing
at the point od the eastern side of the Missis-
sippi river where the present south line touches
the river; thence down said river to the point op-
posite the intersection with the river of the eighth
standard parallel; thence along said parallel to
the point of intersection of guide meridian num-
ber four; thence along saidguide meridian to the
seventh standard parallel; thence west along said
seventh parallel to the Sioux Wood river; thence
north to the line heretofore established.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the line
dividing ranges twenty-three and twenty-four be
the boundary line between the northwestern and
northeastern land districts in lieu of the range
line between eighteen and nineteen, as heretofore
established in the above-recited act.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act to enlarge the Detroit
and Saginaw Land Districts in Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Re])re-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That all that part of the present Che-
boygan district, in the State of Michigan, which
lies south of the line dividing townships twenty-
eight and twenty-nine north, and east of the line
dividing ranges two and three west, shall be at-
tached to and form a part of the present Saginaw
district, and all that part of the said Cheboygan
district which lies north of the line dividing town-
ships twenty-eight and twenty-nine north, and
east of the line dividing ranges one and two west,
including the Island of Mackinac, be attached to
and form a part of the Detroit district, in said
State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
take effect from and after the first day of July
next.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby,appropriated, outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy, for the
year ending the thirtieth of Juno, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and
musicians, one hundred and twelve thousand
eight hundred and six dellars.
For commutation of subsistence, three thou-
sand and sixty-six dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, eight hundred
and sixty-four dollars.
For current and ordinary expenses, as follows:
repairs and improvements, fuel and apparatus,
forage, postage, stationery, transportation,print-
ing, clerks, miscellaneous and incidental ex-
penses, and departments of instruction, thirty-
five thousand six hundred and ten dollars.
For gradual increase and expense of library,
one thousand dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, three
thousand dollars.
For forage for artillery and cavalry horses,
eight thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For supplying horses for cavalry and artillery
practice, one thousand dollars.
For barracks for dragoon detachment, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For barracks for artillery detachment, six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For purchase of a bell, and mounting the same
with the clock on one of the public buildings,
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs to officers' quarters, five hundred
dollars.
For models for the department of cavalry, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For extension of water-pipes and increase of
reservoir, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise,
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For gas-pipes and retorts, extension to cadets'
mess-hall, academic hall, and other public build-
ings, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For stables for dragoon and artillery horses,
two thousand four hundred and sixty-eight dol-
lars.
Approved, May 11,1558.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to amend the Act entitled
" An Act to ascertain and settle the private
Land Claims in the State of California," passed
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in cases pending in the district
courts of the United States in California, on ap-
peal from the decree of the commissioners to as-
certain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California, under the act of Congress
passed March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, if either party shall desire to examine any
witness residing in any other district within said
State, or shall require the production of any paper,
written instrument, book, or document, supposed
to be in the possession or power of a witness re-
siding in another district, the court wherein the
case is pending, or any judge thereof, being sat-
isfied, by affidavit or otherwise, of the materiality
of such witness, or of the prod action of such
paper, written instrument, book, or document, as
evidence of the case, may order the clerk of said
court to issue a subpena, or a subpeena duces tecum
for such witness and for such paper, written in-
strument, book or document; which subpena or
subpana duces tecum shall run into any other dis-
trict in said State, and bo served by the marshal
of either district, as the court or judge may direct:
And the court or judge ordering said writ shall
have power to enforce obedience to said process,
and punish disobedience by attachment, and in
like manner as if said witness resided within the
district where the cause may be pending, and all
attachments and process necessary to enforce obe-
dience or punish disobedience to the aforesaid
writs of subpena and subpoena duces tecum may
be served and executed by the marshal of either
district, as the court or judge may direct: Pro-
vided, That a witness attending the court under
a subpena issued under the provisions of this act,
in a district in which he does not reside, shall be
entitled to the same fees for attendance as are al-
lowed by the laws of the State of California to
witnesses in similar cases.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
Chap. XXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of the
Hungarian Settlers upon certain tracts of land
in Iowa, hitherto reserved from Sale by order
of the President, dated January twenty-two,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amerieain Congress
assembled, That the right of preemption be, and
the same hereby is, extended to all Hungarian
settlers on that body of land reserved from sale
or location by order of the President of the United
States, dated January twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, said lands being known
and described as follows: northeast quarter of
northwest quarter of section ten, township sixty-
seven, range twenty-six; east half of southeast
quarter of section eleven, township sixty-seven,
range twenty-six; east half of northeast quarter
of section fourteen, township sixty-seven, range
twenty-six; southwest quarter of southeast quar-
ter of section fourteen, township sixty-seven,
range twenty-six; east half of northeast quarter
of section twenty-two, township sixty-seven,
range twenty-six; southeast quarter of northeast
quarter of section twenty-three, township sixty-
seven, range twenty-six; west half of northeast
quarter of section twenty-three, township sixty-
seven, range twenty-six; west half of northwest
quarter of section twenty-three, township sixty-
seven, range twenty-six; north half of northeast
