.1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
haws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
quarter of section five, township sixty-eight, ji
range twenty-six; east half of northwest quarter of !j
section five, township sixty-eight, range twenty- !
six; east half of northeast quarter of section six,
township sixty-nine, range twenty-six; northeast
quarter of northwest quarter of section six, town-
ship sixty-nine, range twenty-six; southwest
quarter of northwest quarter of section six, town-
ship sixty-nine, range twenty-six; southeast quar-
ter of section six, township sixty-nine, range
twenty-six; west half of south west quarter of sec-
tion six, township sixty-nine, range twenty-six;
northeast quarter of section seven, township six-
ty-nine, range twenty-six; northwest quarter of
section seven, township sixty-nine, range twenty-
six; southwest quatter of southeast quarter of
section thirty-two, township sixty-nine, range
twenty-six; northeast quaiter of section one,
township sixty-eight, range twenty-seven; north-
west quarter of section one, township sixty-eight,
range twenty-seven; northeast quarter of section
two, township sixty-eight, range twenty-seven;
northwest quarter of northeast quarter of section
one, township sixty-nine, range twenty-seven;
northeast quarter of southeast quarter of section
one, township sixty-nine, range twenty-seven;
southeast quarter of southeast quarter of section
one, township sixty-nine, range twenty-seven;
northeast quarter of northeast quarter of section
twelve, township sixty-nine, range twenty-seven;
northeast quarter of northeast quarter of section
thirty-six, township seventy, range twenty-seven;
west half of northeast quarter of section thirty-
six, township seventy, range twenty-seven;
northwest quarter of section thirty-six, township
seventy, range twenty-seven; west half of south-
east quarter of section thirty-six, township sev-
enty, range twenty-seven; north half of southwest
quarter of section thirty-six, township seventy,
range twenty-seven.
Sec, 2. Mnd be it further enacted, That all such
Hungarians entitled to the rigiit of preemption to
the above-described lands by this act, who may
have gone on to said lands prior to January
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
or since that time, and have continued to inhabit
and improve the same, shall hold theirclaims, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to each
preemptor, against any other subsequent claim-
ants whatever: Provided further, That said claim-
ants under settlement and cultivation made prior
to January twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, or prior to the passage of this act, shall
make known their claims in writing to the Regis-
ter at Chariton within three months from the date
of publication in said district, of notice to said
claimants, of the privileges granted hereby, to be
given by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; and in all cases proof and payment must
be made at the larfd office aforesaid, within twelve
months from the date of publication of notice
aforesaid.
Approved, May 11,1858.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the old Custom-
House and Site in Bath, Maine, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to sell at pubiicauc-
tion, after first fixmga minimum price therefore,
the old custom-house and site at Bath, Maine,
when the new custom-house shall be completed
and fit for occupation; and he is hereby author-
ized to use all or so much of the money arising
from the sale of said old custom-house and site
as shall be necessary to furnish the new custom-
house.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act to authorize the Ves-
try of Washington Parish to take and inclose
certain parts of Streets in the City of Wash-
ington, for the purpose of extending the Wash-
ington Cemetery, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the vestry of Washington parish
shall be, and are hereby, authorized, with the con-
sent of the corporation of the city of Washington,
to take, inclose, and use forever, those parts of
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets east, which lie
between the north side of G street south and the
north side of Water street; and also those parts
of south Gand south H streets which lie between
Seventeenth and Twentieth streets east,for the pur-
pose of enlarging the Washington cemetery: Pro-
vided, That the power hereby conferred shall not
be exercised as regards such particular portion of
either of the aforesaid streets as may pass in front
of any lot of ground not owned by the said ves-
try, until the said vestry shall become the owners
of such lot of ground: Jind provided further, That
the said vestry shall not sell, for any purpose
whatever, any of the aforesaid parts of streets,
but the United States shall retain and hold such
parts thereof as may be laid out for burial pur-
poses for the interment of members of Congress,
or such officers of the Government as may die in
Washington.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That no canal,
railroad, street, or alley shall ever be laid out or
opened into or through the Washington cemetery,
except such avenues or walks as may be laid out
by the vestry of Washington parish, for the use
and purposes of the said cemetery.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That theWash-
ington cemetery shall be forever free from taxa-
tion.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
Chap. XXXIX.—An act to provide for the Col-
lection and Safe-keeping of Public Archives in
the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmei ica in Congress
assembled, That it shall bo the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to cause to be collected and
deposited in the surveyor general's office in Cal-
ifornia, all official books, papers, instruments
of writing, documents, archives, official seals,
stamps, or dies, that may be found in the unau
thorized possession of any individual, relating to
and used in theadministration of government and
public affairs in the department of Upper Califor-
nia, and which belonged to the Government during
the existence of Spanish or Mexican authority in
Upper California; and the same,when deposited m
his office, shall be safely and securely kept by the
surveyor general in thearchives of his office; and
copies thereof, authenticated by the surveyor gen-
eral under the seal of his office, shall be evidence
in all cases where the originals would be evidence:
Provided, That, at the time of depositing said
books, papers, writings, and documents in said
archives, a schedule and accurate description
thereof shall be made by the survey or general, with
a statement of the time and place where the same
were found, and when they were deposited in the
archives, which shall be certified under the seal
of the surveyor general and filed in his office; and
a certified copy of said schedule shall be trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and also to the Attorney General.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That if the
surveyor general shall have cause to suspect a
concealment of any such official books, papers,
writings, documents, archives, or officials seals,
stamps, or dies aforesaid, in any particular dwell-
ing-house, building, or place, any judge or com-
missioner of the United States may, on affidavit
showing the facts and circumstances upon which
such suspicions are founded, grant to the surveyor
general, or to any marshal of the United States,
a warrant to enter such house, building, or place,
and there to search for such official books, papers,
writings, documents, archives, seals, stamps, or
dies, and to take possession thereof and deposits
them in the archives of the surveyor general's
office as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jindbe it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall, without lawful authority, willfully take
from the archives of the said surveyor general's
office any espediente, map, diseno, book, paper,
writing, record, document, seal, stamp, or die; or
shall willfully alter, deface, mutilate, injure, or
destroy any espediente, book, paper, map, dtseiSo,
instrument of writing, document, record, seal,
stamp, or die, deposited in said archives; or shall
conceal or unlawfully withhold from the posses-
sion of the survcyorgeneral, or on demand refuse
to deliver to him any espediente, map, disefio,
official book, paper, writing, document, archive,
record, seal, stamp, or die, relating to or used in
the administration of government in the depart-
ment of Upper California, and belonging to the
Government during the existence of Spanish or
Mexican authority in said department; or shall
willfully alter, deface, mutilate, make away with,
or destroy any such official book, espediente, map,
disefio, paper, writing, document, archive, rec-
ord, seal, stamp, or die, the person bo offending
shall be deumed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof in any court of competent ju-
risdiction, shall forfeit and pay a fine not exceed-
ing ten thousand dollars, at the discretion of the
court, and be imprisoned for a term not exceed-
ing ten years, at a like discretion.
Sec. 4. Jindbe it further enacted, That if any
person shall willfully, secretly, and fraudulently
place or cause to be placed in or among the ar-
chives of the surveyor general's office, any espe-
diente, book, paper, disefio, map, draught, rec-
ord, or any instrument of writing purporting to
be a petition, decree, order, report, concession,
grant, confirmation, map, disefio, espediente, or
part of an espediente, denouncement, title-paper,
or evidence of right, title, or claim to-any land,
mine, or mineral, or any book, writing, paper, or
document whatever, the person so offending shall
be deemed and adjudged guilty ofa misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction thereof by any court of com-
petent jurisdiction, shall forfeit and pay a fine
not exceeding five thousand dollars, and be im-
prisoned for a term not exceeding three years;
or be both fined and imprisoned within said lim-
its, at the discretion of the court.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
Chap. XL.—An Act for the Prevention and Pun-
ishment of Frauds in Land Titles in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That if any person shall falsely make,
alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to
be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited;
or willingly aid and assist in the false making,
altering, forging, or counterfeiting any petition,
certificate, order, report, decree, concession, de-
nouncement, deed, patent, confirmation, diseno,
map, espediente, or purt of an espediente, or any
title-paper, or evidence of right, title, or claim to
lands, mines, or minerals in California, or any
instrument of writing whatever in relation to lands
or mines or minerals m the State of California,
for the purpose of setting up or establishing against
the United Statesany claim, right,or title to lands,
mines, or minerals within the State of California,
or for the purpose of enabling any person to set
up or establish any such claim; or if any person,
for the purposes aforesaid, or either of them, shall
Utter or publish as true and genuine, any sueh
false, forged, altered, or counterfeited petition,
certificate, order, report, decree, consession, de-
nouncement, deed, patent, confirmation, diseno,
map, espediente, or part of an espediente, title-
paper, evidence of right, title, or claim to lands
or mines or minerals in the State of California, or
any instrumentof writing whatever in relation to
lands or mines or minerals in the State of Cali-
fornia, the person so offending shall be deemed
and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor; and, being
thereof duly convicted, shall be sentenced to be
imprisoned and kept at hard labor for a period
not less than three years, and not more than ten
years, and shall be fined not exceeding ten thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. Jindbe it further enacted,That if any per-
son shall make, or cause or procure to be made,
or shall willingly aid and assist in making, any
falsely-dated petition, certificate, order, report,
decree, concession, denouncement, deed, patent,
confirmation, disefio, map, espediente or part of
an espediente, or any title-paper, or written evi-
dence of right, title, or claim, under Mexican au-
thority, to any lands, mines, or minerals in the
State of California, or any instrument of writing
in relation to lauds or mines or minerals in the
State of California, having a false date, or falsely
purporting to be made by any Mexican officer
or authority piior to the seventh day of July,
