1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
tion fixed in the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] I would say that
you will never put a stop to executive officers ex-
ceeding the appropriations of Congress, so long
as you pass deficiency bills. Here is a deficiency
of over three quarters of a million of dollars that
has accrued through a series of years. All the
works for which this appropriation is asked, were,
with the exception of one, ordered by the Thirty-
Third Congress, so that this debt which we are
now asked to pay, has been accumulating for
years.
Now, whether the Government is legally re-
sponsible under the resolutions ordering these
books, I will not stop to inquire. I take it for
granted that Congress did not intend to publish
a series of volumes, untold in number, when the
order for their publication was made.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to put an inquiry to him ?
Mr. GROW. I have but five minutes to my-
self, but as the gentlemen is always kind, I will
yield to him.
Mr. LETCHER. If Congress did not mean
to pay for this work, why did Congress sit here
and permit it to be executed ?
Mr. GROW. That is a pertinent question, and
comes back to the responsibility of Congress. Ex-
ecutive officers in every part of the Government
come to Congress every year for deficiencies in
their several Departments. Congress orders a first
volume of a work to be printed, and resolutions
are passed that executive officers shall have power
to see that the manuscript is prepared and sent to
the printer. And, in most cases, after publishing
the first volume, the last volume of the series is
the next to be printed; and why? In order to
compel Congress to complete the intermediate
volumes, and thus to forcc us to expend money
against our will. The publication of the sixth vol-
ume is followed by the publication of the second,
third, fourth, and fifth. This is an abuse of the
power granted by Congress; and as long as we
allow our executive officers logo on in this way,
so long will we have to continue to vote these de-
ficiencies. Therefore, I have come to the conelu-.
sion to vote for no deficiency bill unless it is shown
to me to be absolutely necessary, and that the
money was expended for some reason not known
to Congress at the time it made the appropriation.
It is a tisual thing to estimate for less than the
amount wanted, because it is known that the prop-
osition can be better got through for a small
amount, and then funds are diverted from their
proper objects to pay for these purposes. This
evil will continue if Congress keeps paying these
deficiency bills. It is time that this abuse was cor-
rected. It is time that the power conferred by the
Constitution on the money-appropriation branch
of the Government was restored to the hands to
which it properly belongs, and that we should put
a stop to the practice of executive officers apply-
ing money and contracting obligations, and then
coming to us and asking us to ratify their action.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I propose to increase the
amount of the appropriation of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] $1,00U. I have
offered this amendment merely tor the purpose of
correcting some erroneous impressions which
seem to rest on the mind of the gentleman from
Kentucky. As I understood hun the other day,
he stated to this House that the punting of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress greatly exceeded in
amount that of the Thirty-Third Congress. Now,
sir, I have been to some considerable amount of
trouble to make a computation upon this subject,
and I find that the gentleman was $920,000 wrong
in his estimate.
I understood him, also, to say that the amount
included in the return of the Superintendent of
the Public Printing for dry-pressing was totally
unauthorized by law. Now, sir, I refer him to
the Statutes at Large, Thirty-Third Congress,
second session, page (j45. and he will find that it
is specifically provided for by law. And, sir, I
have no doubt that the declaration of the gentle-
man in reference to what he states as the errone-
ous statements of the Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Printing, if scrutinized closely, will show just
as little foundation for the charge as in relation to
dry-pressing.
1 say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Grow,] that I want this bill to have a fair show
round the board. I am willing to take my re-
sponsibility in connection with it, and I wantother
gentlemen to stand up to theirs. Sir, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, himself, and other gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House, have made
furious speeches in opposition to this bill, and
yet they will sit here quietly in their seats, with-
out interposing one word of objection, and allow
resolutions to pass authorizing the authors of these
books to write in them whatever they choose; to
get up these books not only during the sessions
of Congress, but during the vacation. You pass
these resolutions, you suffer them to go through
the House, and then complain of the men who
have charge of these woiks for doing, in good
faith, precisely what you have authorized them
to do. Hut, sir, I will say to the gentleman from
Kentucky, when he asks how many men upon
this side of the House will vote to pay the debts
of the Government, I cannot answer for all, but
for one I will say that I will vote every cent that
this Government is responsible for.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
whether, in his opinion, these expenditures have
been legitimately incuired, in consequence of res-
olutions passed by this House? If they have
been, I will vote for the biil to pay for them; and
so great confidence have I in the gentleman's
means of information and judgment, that I will
trust his judgment in the matter.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will answer the gentle-
man's question as I understand it. I believe that
every dollar piovided for in this bill, except, per-
haps, the amount to print Emory's report, is
based upon the action of this House and of the
Senate. The woik has been commenced m good
faith, and I think the House should comply with
its obligations in good faith. In reference, how-
ever, to Emory's report, I think, if you will look
to the resolution authorizing its printing, you will
find that there is nothing authorizing an appen-
dix; and I think that the printing of that appendix
should not be commenced until authority upon
the part of the House had been given.
Mr. SINGLETON. I desire, with the gentle-
man's permission, to ask him a question. I find
there is an estimate made for printing ten thou-
sand copies of the second volume of Emory's re-
port. I wish to know whether he has not in his
possession a resolution which he has been in-
structed by the Committee on Printing to offer,
for dispensing with five thousand of the ten thou-
sand copies of the second volume of the report of
Emory's boundary survey?
Mr. NICHOLS. Such is the fact. But now
let me say to the gentleman from Virginia, who
is a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Air. Letcher/] that his argument the
other day in reference to that work was based
upon a state of things which does not now exist.
The proper measures have already been taken to
suppress many of the illustrations and extraneous
matter prepared for that work. And, sir, as the
gentleman from Mississippi has remarked, I have
a resolution in my possession, which 1 am in-
structed by the Committee on Printing to offer,
cutting down the number of copies of the second
volume of Emory's report*from ten thousand to
five thousand, which, in the opinion of Major
Emory, is sufficient. I believe that one thousand
is all that is required.
Mr. BURNETT. I suppose it is not the inten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols]
to do me injustice. The statement which I made
the other day in reference to the relative amount of
printing ordered to be done by the Thirty-Third
and Thirty-Fourth Congresses, was based upon a
statement furnished me by the Clerk of the House,
ft was impossible, as I then stated, to go into
every item going to make out this enormous ex-
penditure. It was impossible, from the statement
of the Superintendent of the Public Printing, to
separate the various items. I say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, therefore,if there be anverrorin
the statement made by me on that occasion, it is
anenor based upon the statements of your Clerk.
He putdown the items for the Thirty-Second Con-
gress and for the Thirty-Third Congress; then he
gives the amount paid out for the Thirty-Fourth
Congress. Add to it the amount contained in the
bill now under consideration, and you have the
amount of $2,334,081 27. And it was in this way
that I made my calculation. I do not say that
these articles were not ordered under resolutions
formally passed by Congress. I give you the gross
amount as added up, including the amount for
paper, printing, lithographing, &c. The gentle-
man from Ohio tells me that some of these items
were for deficiencies in the Thirty-Third Congress
and payment for work already done. Now, sir,
I cannot understand this system oflegislation;and
why? Because, at the first session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress we passed a deficiency bill of
$625,000, to defray these very deficiencies in the
Thirty-Third Congress.
Now, sir, as to the error on the subject of dry-
pressing, I have this to say: the act of 1852,
passed by the Thirty-Third Congress,which fixes
the price of the various items, does not include the
item of dry-pressing at all. I did not go through all
of the laws of the United States for the purpose
of investigating every law on the subject; but I
understood that that act repealed all laws incon-
sistent with its provisions which were passed be-
fore it. I looked at it in that view.
Now, sir, in reference to the issuance of certifi-
cates of the Public Printer, the law expressly pro-
vides that when work shall be done by the Public
Printer, the Superintendent of the Public Printing
shall issue his certificate, which shall be evidence
of indebtedness upon the part of the Government.
But, sir, I perceive that the gentleman from Ohio
either misunderstands or misapplies my remark.
I lay it down that if the Thirty-Fourth Congress
passes a resolution authorizing the publication of
a particular work, the author of that work has not
the right, under that resolution, to go on infinitum t
and furnish volume after volume; and if he does
so furnish manuscript to the amount of six, seven,
or eleven volumes of the Pacific railroad surveys,
it is a violation of the law, and Congress is not
under obligation to pay that debt.
That is my proposition, and it is one which can
be maintained under the act of 1852.
The amendment was, by unanimous consent,
withdrawn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That the further publication of the results of
the United States naval astronomical expedition to Chili be
discontinued.
I have been seeking the floor mainly for the
purpose of replying to some remarks made by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] the
other day; but as that has been done somewhat
by my colleague upon the Committee on Printing
during the last Congress, [Mr. Nichols,] I need
not direct any remarks to that subject particularly.
The gentleman conveyed the idea the other day,
distinct!}', that the printmgof the Thirty-Fourth
Congress was much more expensive than that of
the Thirty-Third. Now, if he had examined the
Daily Globe of January 25 last, he would have
found about a true statement of the fact. Under
the head of " Daily News," the Globe of that day
says:
"The gross amount of expense incuirod for the public
printing, binding, engiaving, &c., of the Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Fourth Congresses has ju^t been ase^itained. The
account stands as follows:
Thnty-Third Congress §*2,800,000
Thnty-Fourth Congress.   1,600,000"
making the printing of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress $1,300,000 less than that of the Thirty-Third
Congress.
Mr. BURNETT. Does your estimate include
this deficiency bill?
Mr. CRAGIN. My estimate includes the cost -
of the printing ordered by each of those Con-
gresses.
Mr. LETCHER. This deficiency covers not
only the Thirty-Fourth, but the Thirty-Third
Congress.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have also examined the re-
ports of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
which are the true sources to go to in order to as-
certain the cost of the public printing. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I say that these pictured books ordered
to be printed by the Thirty-Third Congress—the
Pacific railroad surveys, the report of the Japan
expedition, and the report of the naval astronom-
ical expedition to Chili—cost more than the whole
printing ordered by the Tliirty-Fourth Congress.
The printing of those three reports will cost this
Government upwards of $1,500,000.
Sir, I do not wish to make this matter a party
question at all; but, since the gentleman from
Kentucky has accused this side of the House of
