2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
are so strong, what was their objection to voting
fbr Mr. Orr, as Speaker of the House r On what
occasion have they notstood by theirparty friends?
Place their party in power to-morrow; give them
the control of the Administration; give them the
President of the nation, and does any gentleman
on the other side of the House pretend that he
would not, in the selection of officers for his Ad-
ministration, confine that selection to his own
party friends wherever such could be found? Go
to the different State governments; let the gentle-
man from Massachusetts go to his own State,
where even the judicial robe does not protect a
man from being struck down by his opponents
for a scrupulous regard to his oath in the discharge
of his official duty. 1 imagine he approves of the
removal of Judge Loving. It is generally ap-
proved throughouthis State. And yet the gentle-
man who represents a State where a judicial offi-
cer is stricken down for an honest discharge of
his duty, comes here and talks about parties being
controlled by il spoils." I imagine the spoils of
Judge Loring's position went to feed some mem-
ber of the Republican party, after he was stricken
down.
The same state of things exists in all the State
governments under Republican control. In all
these States, the party in power confers the offices
upon its friends. And not only is it so with this
party, but it is so with private individuals. If
you wain to employ an agent for any puipose,
and you have a friend and an enemy, I imagine
that, all other things being equal, you will employ
your political friend for that particular purpose
in preference to an opponent. Gentlemen say that
our party acts upon the principle that the spoils
are to go for the support of its friends. I ask if
there is a solitary one of the gentlemen upon the
other side, who have spoken to-day, who would
not appoint his own party friends to office in pref-
erence to his political opponents ?
Mr. DAWES. Nobody said they would
not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then what did gentlemen
mean, when they got up here and talked about the
Democratic party taking care of its friends and
rewarding them with office? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman alludes tome,
I said no such thing. I said it was the common
doctrine of all parlies.
Mr. LETC11ER. Well, the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stamtojc] set out distinctly with that
proposition, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
i3ingii\m] who last addressed the House, main-
tained it also. 1 Jut it seems the gentleman from
Massachusetts was more considerate; as it had
wot been very long since Judge Lormg was exe-
cuted, he concluded not to tread on that delicate
ground. [Laughtei.]
Mr. BINGHAM. As the gentleman has al-
luded to rue, I beg leave to say that I said nothing
about parlies.
Mr. L ETOIIER. Well, but you did say some-
thing about " the spoils."
Mr. BINGHAM. I did say that the gentle-
man's particular friend went to the Secretary of
War—as he was honest enough to testify—to
look after the spoils.
Mr. LETCHER. I had supposed that a gen-
tleman who so much concerned about the spoils
would have had a very poor opinion of any one
who enjoyed any part of them; but it seems that
his horror of the doctrine grows out of the fact
that he is himself without a teat. [Laughter.]
But, besides all this, it smkes me that the ma-
jority of the committee read us an exceedingly
long homily, and a pretty strong one, upon that
subject. I eall the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. P^rTir] to that bianeh of the sub-
ject. If I should ever live to see his paity in
power, I have no doubt I shall find him here
in Washington—if he be still in Congress—pro-
testing against his President removing Dem-
ocrats from office to put in men of his own party.
He will have to do it, if he practices what he
preaches.
The gentleman from Ohio, who was last up,
undeitook to comment upon the letter of Mr.
Steele, written on the 23d of April, 185G, and
said that the letter contained a proposition that
he would pay fifteen dollars an acre for the land,
no matter how much there was of it. Now, let
us look at that letter and see if it is possible for
any gentleman who has any regard for the mean-
ing of language to put that construction upon it.
I will read the whole of it. It is as follows:
Proposition of Franklin Steele.
Washington City, April 23,1856.
The undersigned, for himself and others, propose to pay,
and hereby offer, the honorable Secretary of War for the
lands included in the Port Sneiling reservation, fifteen dol-
lars per acre.
Said purchase to include all improvements on said res-
ervation ; the United States to have, free of charge, the use
of the fort and all other buildings helonging to the Govern-
ment, including —- acres of land, so long as, in the
opinion of the War Department, they shall be required for
military purposes ; said fort, buildings, improvements, and
land so reserved to be under the full and entire control of
the Department during said term.
The reservation, including the overflowed lands, amount-
ing to about fioe thouiand acres, at fifteen dollars per acre,
will amount to $75,000.
The undersigned, for himself and others, also propose to
take it at the above estimate, and pay therefor, the sum of
§75,000; payment for the whole to be made at once, if the
proposition is accepted. FRANKLIN STEELE.
Now, I submit that the plain meaning of that
proposition is that he would give fifteen dollars
an acre for the land, if it was limited to his esti-
mate of five thousand acres. Mr. Steele is a man
of intelligence, as the gentleman knows; and if
his construction of the proposition was right, he
would have said that he resented the alternative
proposition, and was ready to comply with either
of the propositions that might be accepted. But,
sir, this case has proceeded, it seems to me, from
beginning to end,upon an improper construction
of the letter before us. Mr. Steele made but a
single proposition, namely: that, estimating the
quantity of land at live thousand acres, he would
pay fifteen dollars per acre—making up the speci-
fied sum of $75,000.
There is another thing in this connection. When
this contract had been made, and when they had
returned to the Secretary of War with it, the ev-
idence on record shows that it was submitted to
the President of the United States on the 17th day
of June last, and that it was " approvedas cer-
tified by the Secretary of War, on the 2d day of
July following. It thus appears tiiat the Presi-
dent was consuIted;and, if I am not misinformed,
the Cabinet were consulted before this contract
was approved; and will the gentlemen on the other
side undertake to say that there was complicity
upon the part of the President and members of
the Cabinet in what they are pleased to call a fraud ?
It was a most extraordinary course of proceeding,
if it be true, that the Secretaryof War had made
up his mind to disregard the will of this House,
and the Jaw of the land, for the purpose of extend-
ing favors to his friends; that lie should have then j
laid the whole matter before the President and ;
Cabinet for their approval. j
But did he disregard the law ? Had not he, as 1
the ollicer in charge of the military Department of ;
this Government, the right to decide whether the \
reservation was no longer needed for military pur- I
poses ? I apprehend there will be no dispute about ■
that. I apprehend there will be no difficulty about j
his power in that respect. I apprehend that no '
gentleman will say that he has not the power to !
determine that any reservation in the country is 1
no longer needed for military purposes, and that ;
it shall be abandoned, the troops withdrawn and
placed at some other point. If he has this power,
then, how will it be argued that under the pro-
vision of 1857, authorizing him to sell such reser-
vations as were no longer needed, he had not the
absolute power to dispose of this reservation, and
to order its sale ? How else can it be? And the
same paragraph declares that he shall prescribe
the mode and manner of the sale. What restric-
tion, I ask gentlemen, is placed upon him in the
exercise of his judgment, in the execution of the
law as to the manner of sale ?
It seems to me, then, that the conclusion may
be fairly drawn, from the evidence which is be-
fore us, that the Secretary of War acted within
the law, and that he exercised his power with
prudent discretion; that hp did nothing in the way
of confirming the sale, until he had taken the ad-
ice of those with whom he is associated—with
the President and Cabinet. But not content with
assailing the Secretary of War, gentlemen come
forward and attack the private character and in-
tegrity of the commissioners. Nov/, sir, I have
known Major Eastman from the time 1 fust came
to Congress. My acquaintance commenced with
him in this way: a portion of his family (a brother-
in-law) resides in my own town, and when I came
here, I brought a letter of introduction from him
to Major Eastman. I have seen him frequently
since, and have always heard him well spoken of.
Everybody who knows him speaks well of him
as a man of integrity, as an officer of the Army.
For the last thirty years he has rendered valuable
service to the country, and never, until this day,
have I heard anybody undertake to assail his
character, and affix to it a brand of disgrace. Ma-
jor Eastman has resided in this city, when he has
not been away on duty, for many years,and it is
easy for gentlemen to ascertain what character he
bears here. They can make any examination
they please, and I venture to say they will fyid
that this is the first time in his life, not now a
short one, that any assault has been made upon
his character as a man, or his honor and integrity
as an officer. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House, and particularly thegentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] who first addressed the House,
said that these things were to be inferred from the
record. Now, sir, what is there on the record to
establish an inference of fraud ? Nothing what-
ever. Gentlemen have acted in violation of the
universally recognized principle that fraud is never
to be presumed—it must be clearly proven.
Well, sir, there is another thing tnat is entirely
consistent with the whole course of action that
gentlemen on the other side of the House have
seen pioper to adopt from the commencement of
this proceeding. They have referred to a sale
which took place in Chicago many years ago, for
the purpose of exciting prejudice in this case.
Well, sir, what does that case prove? Does it
make out any case against Secretary Floyd ? It
has nothing whatever to do with this case. What
concern is it to the House in the consideration of
this subject? And, sir, the gentleman from Illi-
nois this morning undertook, for the purpose of
still further exciting prejudice against Governor
Floyd, to connect this matter with another inves-
tigation about the purchase of a fortification sits
at Willett's Point. Why, sir, what matters it to
us, ill the consideration of this case, what was
done in that investigation ? Had it any legitimate
connection with this investigation in any way?
None, whatever; and why then did the gentleman
ask that the decision of this case should be sus-
pended until it is seen what can be made out of
the other case, unless it is to carry out a determ-
ination to make out such a case against the Sec-
retary of War as will justify them in condemning
him. 1 insist that they shall confine themselves
to the facts which are proved, as shown by the
record; and if these facts are not sufficent to war-
rant the conclusion that these parties are guilty,
then I think I have a right to demand here that
they shall acquit them. They are gentlemen of
respectability. They arc gentlemen of character
and standing. They are gentlemen who have
never been the objects of suspicion before. They
are gentlemen whose neighbors and friends and
acquaintances will be astonished to hear the terms
of denunciation which have been applied to them
by gentlemen on the other side, who know noth-
ing of them personally, and know nothing of their
standing at home.
When a question a£ this sort is to be dealt
with, gentlemen who deprecate assaults in debate
by one member upon another, ought to be care-
ful to withhold their censure from individuals who
have not a right to be heard here in defense of
themselves; they ought at least to do that justice
to outsiders in a little stricter measure, which they
might not accord in as full measure to those who
arc here to defend themselves. I ask no favors in
behalf of these gentlemen. I ask only that they
shall bejudged by theiracts, by their lives, by their
character; and by them they will stand or fall.
Of one thing I am satisfied, they will be sustained
where they are known, and where the evidence
is read, whatever may be the partisan verdict Gf
the other side of this House.
Mr.,HUGHES obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
prefer as well to folio w the gentleman as to pre-
cede him, with the remarks I desire to make.
Mr. HUGHES. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman, and will take my chances afterward.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
er, I regard it as unfortunate, in a case like this,
where so much is at stake, that there should have
been exhibited in this Hall anything at all like
