THE""CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1858.
New Series....No. 33.
Mr. SEWARD. I am surprised that myfriend
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who has been a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
for several Congresses, has not seen it to be his
duty to have provisions put in these appropria-
tion bilis declaring that no more money than that
appropriated should be paid for these works. If
the Committee of Ways and Means had done
that, we should not have had this difficulty here
to-day.
Mr. LETCHER. It would be well enough for
the gentleman from Georgia to pluck the beam
out of his own eye before he attempts to pull the
mote out of another's eye.
Now, so far as the Committee of Ways and
Means is concerned, they have their legitimate
business; and the performance of such an oper-
ation as the gentleman from Georgia refers to de-
volves just as heavily upon him as upon any of
us.
Mr. SEWARD. That is true; but the gentle-
man is one of those who are always cutting off
debate by moving the previous question, and who
thus cram on the country whatever the committee
want, so that other gentlemen cannot expose their
extravagance.
Mr. LETCHER. As well as I recollect, I think
there was an important bill for a navy-yard some-
where down South, on which my friend moved
the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; but I could not get
my friend to indorse it.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not doubt that; for I
■Was opposed to a navy-yard there, and would
have been very glad to defeat it; but 1 could not
do so under the previous question.
Rut, all this by-play aside. If ( did not believe
that the good faith of Congress was bound to ap-
propriate the amount of money presented in this
bill for its consideration, I should not ask for the
passage of the bill; but it is my belief that good
faith requires it; that there is an obligation resting
on this House which should be met, and this in-
duces me to come forward here and sustain it by
whatever influence I have, and by my vote.
Mr. GARNETT withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky by striking
out " $420,000," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $20,000."
My object, Mr. Chairman, in moving the
amendment is this: it was stated the other day
by the honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] from the Committee of Ways and
Means, in reply to the gentleman from New York;
and it was stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Air. Burnett] that it was a question of
plighted faith on the part of the Government; and
it was said this morning by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] that it
was a question of good faith. Now, while I have
verygreat respect for the Committee of Ways and
Means collectively, and individually, and for their
opinion as lawyers andas members of this House,
I, for my own part, like to see the contrse.t; and
I now wish to ask the gentleman from Missouri
this question: When the Thirty-Third or Thirty-
Fourth Congress—be it which it may—ordered
the printing of five or ten thousand extra copies
of any report, I want to know whether Congress
meant to pledge its faith to print ad, infinitum ? I
have here the copy of a resolution adopted on the
motion of Mr. McDougall, of California:
" Resolved, That five thousand extia copies of ihe reports
of the Pacific raihoad surveys, with the accompanying
maps, be punted for the Use oi' this Hou^e."
I want to know whether the Thirty-Third Con-
gress meant to pledge itself to pay for eleven vol-
umes of that report, or for so many more as these
penny-a-liners chose to write? In other words,
I want to know whether, if it is a question of
plighted faith, if we are bound for eleven, are we
not bound for fifty volumes of it? Now, as law-
yers, as statesmen, as men who can construe the
English language, I ask gentlemen, and I ask the
Committee of Ways and Means, where, if your
33
faith is plighted for eleven, is the stopping-place?
If we are bound for eleven, are we not bound for
fifty? And why will they not go on as long as
the Government stands, or as long as these pen-
ny-a-liners continue to write; and these authors
will, like James and Dickens, go on and write as
the publishers continue to pay for what they
write I ask whether there is not some stopping-
place? Is their plighted faith to step in at all
times to prevent a stop being put to the exuber-
ant imaginings of men who go on writing and
illustrating their printed works without regard to
any practical results ? There must be some stop-
ping-place.
Mr. GROW. I do not rise to make a speech,
but merely to correct a statement of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] The gentleman is
always on the alert; but without his usual care, he
misstates my position in this instance, to which,
however, I raise no special objection. I have
never made any claim to special purity in legisla-
tion, or any exemption from the usual follies of
legislation; but, sir, the gentleman brings in my
vote on printing the American Archives for sup-
plying the new members of Congress. Now, sir,
I did not vote for my own set of hooks, but I did
vote to give the new members who came after me
the same set of books which were given to me.
Gentlemen will rccollect that these were books for
the individual members, and not for distribution
over the country of books embellished with engrav-
ings, the engravings of which cost four times as
much as the punting. Now, sir, if the gentleman
will bring in here any vote whk h I gave for print-
ing these picture-books for distribution, I will
acknowledge that I was mistaken m the vote which
I gave. Sir, I wish to say tlmt I claim not to be
more pure in my votes than anybody else; but I
desire to call attention to the mode in which this
printing has been ordered, and to the enormous
abuse which has grown up, both in the printing
ordered by Congress and the Executive Depart-
ments.
Mr. LETCIIER. Can the gentleman state any
instance in which the Superintendent of Public
Printing, or the Public Printer, has exceeded his
orders 5
Mr. GROW. I do not intend to make any
charges against anybody. I have not stopped to
inquire whether any officer has exceeded his
orders. I merely rose to correct the gentleman
from Virginia. 1 say that in voting for the printing
for the American Archives I only exercised the
same magnanimity toward the new members then
as was shown to me and to those who were elected
with me.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That lieicafter 110 payment shall bp made, or
money disbursed, for engraving, iuiiogiaplnncr. oj elerno-
typing. except for work ulroadv dono, or pamnlly done, or
contiacted to be done, unless the same shall have fir.-t been
specifically sanctioned, and the puce stipulated by one of
the appropriate committees of Confess.
Mr. Chairman, I do not feci any personal or
party responsibility for this large appiopnation
which we are called upon now to vote. But, sir,
I am very unwilling to vote for it unless it can
be done with some restriction which will prevent
hereafter what has, as I conceive, grown to be a
gross abuse, from a system which, in the outset,
perhaps was right enough. I confess that I sec a
very marked distinction between printing books
and buying clothes for distribution. I can see a
very great propriety in the Government publish-
ing, at the public expense, some works which
private enterprise would not publish, for the very
reason that public enterprise could not publish
them. These are works which embody valuable j
and important scientific labor and research from j
original and unexplored sources of knowledge; ,
works from which other parties derive informa-
tion second and third hand, and prepare it for
publication in a popular form—like the ephemeris
of the astronomers, from which the almanac-
maker prepares his tables. Such work are, many
of them, we know, from sources of responsibility
and high reputation in the country. Works of
that character I think we owe it to ourselves a*nd
our country to patronize and to distribute abroad.
But, sir, while I so think, I am aware that the
system is one which has grown into great abuse.
We have taxed the country and sent abroad
works which are of no earthly use to anybody
unless it be to the men who are to print ana bind
them.
There is another class of works which, .though
not wholly useless in their original design, beeome
so in the manner in which they are gotten up.
You start out a naval or military expedition for
search and research. You allow to accompany
it some ambitious young men, fresh, inexperi-
enced, who see something wonderful—in every
partridge a bird of paradise, and who start at the
novelty of a rabbit springing from a bush. Their
portfolios are filled up with sketches accordingly.
Then, sir, the result is, when their report comes
to be published—they thinking they have a carte
blanche to publish—you have them filled with
pictures useless for the purpowes of illustration,
and utterly worthless as works of art; and these
books when published are of very little value ex-
cept as Christmas gifts for boarding-school misses.
Now, sir, my amendment is,, by its provision,
not to stop the publication of any work which we
have directed to be printed, not to interfere with
contracts entered into by the regularly authorized
agents of the Government, but in future to have
110 work published which shall not have been first
written, prepared, with the pictures, plates, charts,
engwivmgs, and all, and submitted, not to an ex-
ecutive officer, but to a committee of one or the
other of the two Houses, or to a joint committee
of the two Houses.
Mr. PHELPS. I have risen to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
merely for the purpose of stating my opinion
that, under the law of 1852, and under the several
resolutions which have been passed by both
Houses of Congress, if they were embodied,in
a contract, drafted and executed by myself and
any other gentleman, the contract would hold us
for the payment of the money specified in this.ap-
propriaiion bill. Thus much I give as my opinion
in regard to this matter.
But 1 now desire to ask the committee that
they will cease speaking upon amendments they
may propose, and let us vote; fori believe the
mind of every gentieman in this committee is
made up in regard to this matter. I trust we shall
dispose of this bill to-day.
The question was taken upon the amendment
■of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
naiid,] and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SINGLETON. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, by
reducing it twenty dollars; and I do it simply with
the view of making a statement to the committee,
which I hope they will listen to, and upon which
1 hope they will act.
f asked the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
PiiELrs,] on Friday last, if there was contained
in this estimate an appropriation to pay foi the ten
thousand copies of the second volume of Major
Emory's report. The gentleman said at that time
that there was no estimate for the payment for the
second volume. I find, however, upon an exam-
ination of the report made by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, under the head of " estimates
of the cost of public printing yet to be executed
j for the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Con-
| gresses," an estimate for the payment for the
second volume of Emory's report, both for the
printing, and for the paper upon which that print-
ing is to be done. And you heard this morning,
from the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Printing for the last Congress,
[Mr. Nichols,] that it was the opinion of Major
Emory himself that it was not neceysary to print
ten thousand copies of that second volume; that
one thousand copies would be sufficient for all
practical purposes.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
