1600
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
latitude for the running of railroads, in respect to
temperature, than the latitude of St. Louis.
But, sir* Lieutenant Beale, as I hav-e said, has
lately passed over this route, first in the summer
time, in going*:o the Pacific, and next in the winter
time, in returning; and he says, in his report to
the War Department:
" As I informed you in my last dispatch, the object of this
journey was to satisfy myself fully as to the practicability
or impracticability of traveling the contemplated road in
jwidw'mter. With this view, I left the Tojon Pass, in the
Sierra/Nevada,'oh the 2d of January, and.-traveling leis-
-Ureiy, arrived at Albuquerque on the 24th of February, hav-
ing passed ihe heart of the winter on the more elevated por-
tion of the road.
t!*FrOm. the1 Colorado river to Sabedras spring, we-found
no snow whatever. From the latter point to Sitgreaves
mountain, we found it occasionally in patches where it was
sheltered by banks and cedar trees from the sun. From Su-
greaves mountain to a small lull lying to the eastward pf it,
we found snow for the first time so deep- as to cover the
ground. This continued for a distance of three miles, and
was a foot in depth, and sometimes more,on the level. It
was the only occasion on which we found the surface of
the earth covered.
" Grossing this, which is the highest point over which the
road passes, to the Koux spring, we gradually descended to
tiny"LittUt Colorado, finding snow only in small patches, and
that rapidly melting away. On the Little Colorado there
was none. On February 12, snow fell, hut melted almost as
•soon as it reached the earth; and, although it snowed all
-ttfght, there was not a trace of it to be seen on the succeed-
ing day. Timber was everywhere so abundant that our
camp blazed every night wilh cheerlul fiies; and, although
I brought tents for the use of the men, they were never u ed
on a single-occasion, the men prefemng,as well as myself,
Cof lie in the open air.
" The thermometer, of which observations were taken at
sundown, at four o'clock in the morning, and at noon, will
give you a better idea of the climate than any description;
the coldest night we experienced being on the 5th ot Feb-
ruary, when thf thermometer stood at 18° at four o'clock in
the morning. Grass we found as abundant as on our pre-
vious journey, and neither men nor animals suffered in the
least from cold during the journey homeward."
Next, as to wood, water, and grass: the long-
est distance without grass is not ten miles; the
longest distance without wood is not nineteen
miles; the longest distance without water is not
-fifteen miles.
Mr. MASON. What road is that, I wouldask
the honorable Senator?
Mr. POLK. The route near the thirty-fifth
parallel still.
Mr. MASON. On what authority does the hon-
orable Senator make these statements?
Mr. POLK. Lieutenant Whipple:
Mr. MASON. In the railroad report?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. Now I submit that that
is a showing which is more satisfactory, proba-
bly, than almost any one had anticipated who had
heard the region betwixt the Rio Grande and the
Colorado always spoken of as a desert country.
We know that that route passes, as I have already
said, for upwards of seven hundred miles up the
valleyofthe Canadian; and Lieutenant Whipple
tells us, in the report of his survey, that,the valley
of the Canadian is a more desirable valley than
that of thelKansas river. It then goes over to the
Pecos. It next, in an almost direct line, and that
not a long one, strikes the Rio Grande at or about
Albuquerque; and in the neighborhood of that
Foint arc the heaviest settlements in New Mexico.
t then, going west, penetrates the center of the
continent not only by the valleys of the rivers I
have named, but it also strikes the Zufii valley,
passes through the valley of the Colorado, Chi-
quito or Flax river, as Lieutenant Whipple calls
it, of the San Francisco, and of the Colorado of
the West and its tributaries; and thus it passes
for a great portion of the way through the valleys
of rivers and streams abounding with vegetation
of all kinds,grasses, timber, and fuel; and when
it is on the elevated region it passes over a coun-
try that is supplied with wood and with grass in
abundance. It therefore has the most extensive
(and more extensive probably than has been gen-
erally imagined) region of cultivable land between
the two points to be reached, and sufficient to
guaranty the confident expectation that if this line
of communication shall be opened up, it will not
only be an easy but a necessary consequence that
thete will be a line of settlements extending from i
the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
make an inquiry of him for a moment ?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. J have here a table which I took
from the speech recently delivered by the honor-
able Senator from California, [Mr. GwtN,] and
which purports to exhibit the several routes ex-
plored for a railroad from'the Mississippi tofthe
Pacific—I presume taken from those-railroad re-
ports which have been printed. The routes are
eight in number; and,in the appropriate column,
there is shown the number of miles of route
through land generally uncultivable, arable soil
being found in.small areas; and the shortest dis-
tance-of the land thus waste-and uncultivable that
is given m the tables is eleven hundred.and fifty-
nine miles, and the longest distance is sixteen
hundred and twenty miles. I have not examined
—I have not had the means ofexamining—the six
volumes of railroad reports; but-I. presume, com-
ing from the Senator from California, that this
table has been correctly taken; and of the eight
routes here given, the shortest, as I have said,
shows eleven hundred and fifty-nine miles of
waste and desert land. I present this in contrast
with the exposition now made by; the Senator
from Missouri, and which he says is taken from
one of the reports of Lieutenant Whipple.
Mr.-POLK. I will first allow the Senator from
California to repeat what he did state when he
made that quotation thd other day.
Mr. GWfN. That table was taken from the
seventh volume of the Surveys—the^last one,
which has not yet been printed and bound. It is
the official report of engineers, condensed in that
table. I'stated at the time that I thought then-
calculations, in this respect, were entirely delu-
sive. I am perfectly confident of that fact. This
region that they have set down as not being fit
for cultivation, I stated in the few remarks that I
made, I believed to contain as fine land as there
was on the continent, and I have not a solitary
doubt that the engineers were entirely mistaken
in their opinion on this point. It is an uninhab-
ited country, and they have asserted a theory in
regard to it that I do not think is to be relied upon.
1 think every fact the Senator from Missouri has
•stated will be found in the detailed reports and
other information.
Mr. POLK. I had prepared, by a good deal of
labor, a table—which I did not bring up here, and
I am now sorry I did not—showing exactly the
amount and length of the cultivable and uncalti-
vuble land, according to the opinion of these en-
gineers. But the view I was presenting to the
Senate was this: that there was a large proportion
of cultivable land on the Whipple route so dis-
tributed that the spaces between the regions in
which grass, timber, water, and fuel, including
both wood and coal, were to be found, were so
short that you could go from one to the other over
theuncultivablc regions withoutcncounteringlong
stretches of country, where you could not get the
supplies necessary for a railroad. 'I believe, as
was stated by the Senator from California, that
the engineers underrate the fertility of this region.
Why, sir, they put down the valley of the Rio
Grande as being a barren country, although the
analysis of the-soil shows that the elements of
fertility are there in a degree—I am now speaking
from recollection—about equal to the valley of the
Mississippi. The only reason that ccrtain dis-
tricts are put down as barren is, that at certain
seasons of the year there is nota sufficient supply
of water to maintain abundant vegetation upon
them. But, to use the language of Mr. Secretary
Dotfis, in one of his reports, just introduce water
into them and the vegetation -springs up with a
richness and luxuriousness almost unequaled on
the face of the globe; and that in regions of coun-
try where you can irrigate without much trouble.
The Senator from California stated—I have not
myself gone into fhat calculation, but I have seen,
in the reading I have made since the Senate ad-
journed yesterday, a statement that corroborated
what he said—that the water in the Rio Colorado
is higher than the surface of most of the valley
through winch it runs. I have seen, since the
Senate adjourned, in one of those railroad reports,
that, several miles back of the river, the surface
of the ground was lower than the water in the
river, at hs medium stage. Irrigation, therefore,
in such a case, is as easy as could be desired. On
that point I have this to say: suppose there are
stretches of country where you must traverse long
distances without a very abundant supply of those
things that make railroading easy and cheap-
first, I believe that, on this route, these stretches
are shorter than on any other; and next, this
matter is important enough, m my opinion, to
justify an effort to overcome slight—yes, sir, great
-^-obstacles, in securing the connection of the Re-
public on its eastern side with its new portion on
the western side of the Rockv Mountain ranirr.
I have already referred to wood for fuel. There
is also timber for its construction on many por-
tions of the road. There is timber in the valleys,
both of the Arkansas and the Canadian; there is
timber on the'Rio Grande; there is timber on the
Mogollon mountains; there is timber on several
of the mountain ranges between the Rio Grande
and-the Colorado. Timberwill have to be carried,
it is conceded, in many.places, for some distance.
Timber has to be carried in many places, where
you make; at railroad over dead level, as in the
■State of Illinois. When you get into a prairie
country, or upon the plains that lie at the base of
the Rocky Mountains, especially on their east
side, you must expect to transport timber for the
construction of the road.
Lieutenant Whipple, observes in his report,
that the route on the thirty-fifth parallel runs in
a region of country where the supply of moisture,
that is, the precipitation, as they call it, is greater
than it is either directly north or directly south
of the line, owing to the peculiar conformation of
the country.
We have, then, in these important elements, a
country able to supply timber and fuel; and m
the Delaware mountains it is ascertained that
there is coal; and it is supposed, though it is not
stated with entire certainty, because the explor-
ations have not been sufficiently carried out, that
there is also coal in many other portions of the
belt of country between the Rio Grande and the
Rio Colorado. In these important particulars,
therefore, the country is adapted to sustain a pop-
ulation; and the fact is, that in making your
progress to the Pacific you pass through a pop-
ulation the densest, as I have already said, that
there is in New Mexico. In the neighborhood
of Albuquerque is a civilized and valuable popu-
lation; and as you pass on, you traverse regions
inhabited by the Pueblo Indians, as at Zuiii. You
have a population at these points, not because it
has been carried there by the enterprise of Amer-
icans, but a population, the civilized portion of
which has been planted there by Mexico and old
Spain, and the semi-civilized portion of it by the
missionary labors of the benevolent and Christian
missionaries of those countries.
When we have these facts, it seems to me that
we have as strong a guarantee as any reasonable,
or even doubting man ought to ask, to be assured
that, if this line of communication is opened up,
you can calculate upon a sufficient strength and
frequency of settlement along it, to supply it with
all the necessaries in order to enable it to work
successfully and cheaply. That, I say, is itself
no small consideration in favor of the route.
Now, sir, if the route on the thirty-fifth parallel
is the proper one, the best one, the question is
whether, in making a terminus for the eastern end
of the route, we ought not to so provide in the bill
that you may have a terminus which shall be as
near as possible to this direct route, facile, and at
the same time central, to the country; central to
the country with reference to its territory; central
with reference to its population, its business, and
its trade and travel.
I know, Mr. President, that the enterprise of
building this railroad is a gigantic and difficult
one. I believe that it will tax the energies and
the patience and the persevering efforts of this
country to a very high degree; perhaps to the
very last extreme. I believe that it rises in gran-
deur far above the pyramids, and transcends in
magnitude the Chinese wall. I know it requires
the most courageous faith, and even the most
ardent hope, to contemplate it as feasible; but, sir,
I am one of those who believe that the fullness
of time for the completion of the work, or at least
for the commencement of it, is upon us. The
Democratic party, in its last national convention
at Cincinnati, declared in favor of it. The expect-
ation of the people in every part of the Union,
North and South, East and West, and especially
West—not the expectation merely but the longing
and the anxious demands, and I think the just
demands, that ought not to be unheeded another
moment, of the people of the west side of the
Rocky Mountains, require the commencement of
this work. I think that the President, sagacious
and experienced and patriotic as he is, when he
spoke first favorably of this enterprise in his
