2624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June l-
which the Hon. Mr. Smith, of Illinois, says he
would have spread his pile" for—would have
given §400,000 for.
Why, it is Mr. Smith's idea that the site is not
of such great value for agricultural purposes; but,
as « town silty that it would have been worth four
times as much as it was sold for. Some three or
four witnesses put a valuation upon it as a town
site at three or four hundred thousand dollars.
Gentlemen may reply that these are speculative
prices. Sir, whether speculative or not, land is
worth what it will command in money in the mar-
ket. The amount which it will bring in money,
whether for speculative purposes ot not, is its
market value; and it was the business of the Sec-
retary of War, or rather of his agents, to have
looked to its market value. I have no doubt at
all that they made a good sale, considering it
only as a piece of land to be used for agricultural
purposes. I have no doubt at all that they made
a very bad sale, considering it as a town site;
and 1 have no doubt that, if they had not sold it
in the way they did, the amount received would
have been much larger.
With regard to the proposition, whether it
ought to have been reserved still further as a mili-
tary site, I am constrained to differ with my friend
from Indiana, who thinks it ought to have been
reserved. I, of course, advance this opinion as
against that of General Jesup, who is a military
man of hi hreputation, with great diffidence; but,
sir, had f been the Secretary of War, 1 would
have disposed of this property; for I do not be-
lieve it ought to be maintained there, either as a
military position or as a depot for provisions. I
think it ought to have been disposed of. I cannot
understand how, lying, as it does, in the center of
thirty or forty thousand people, with settlements
extending fifty or one hundred miles back of it,
a necessity can exist for retaining it as a military
position. It lies at the confluence of two streams,
both of which are navigable a considerable dis-
tance beyond that point", and a vessel, laden with
provisions, can go to the point of consumption to
distribute cargo.
I see by the statements of some of these wit-
nesses that the fortification is situated upon a high
hill, and that transportation up lo it is difficult.
It is also true that transportation around the falls
ia somewhat difficult. But, sir, my determina-
tion, as an executive officer, would have been con-
trolled by the consideration that it could not be a
matter of economy to the Department to keep men
there <i II the year for the purpose ofguardingstores.
It would be more erom>inie.«! to tianxpoi l the pi o-
visions and supplies directly to the points where
they are required. But, while I think the Secie-
tary might well have m>ld, I donottlunk the sale
which was in fact made is valid, because the con-
tract retains the property indefinitely for military
purposes; and because the sale was made on
credit; because the sale was secret; and because I
think there was collusion among those who claim
to be the beneficiaries under the contract to prevent
an open saie, whether public or private. 1 have
thus, in brief terms, and in a very discursive man-
ner, presented some of the impressions which this
affair has produced upon my mind. I feel that the
reputations of public officers should not be assailed
unjustly. I think there is no man m the House
who, in the absence of proof sustaining a charge
against the Secretary of War, should allow party
prejudice to sway his mind for a moment. 1 feel
that I am above it. I am sure, also, that whenever
1 shall have descended to a point where the pri-
vate reputation of a political adversary, when I
am acting here under oath, cannot be intrusted to
me for a judicial canvass of a transaction in which
it may be involved, t will no longer be worthy a
seat in this House.
Mr. HUGHES. I propose to detain the House
only for a very short time. On the 4th day of
January last, a select committee was raised to in-
quire into the facts of the sale of the Fort Snelling
reservation. The book which I hold in my hand,
[holding up the report,] is the result of the labors
of that committee. I believe that this book, and
this investigation, have cost this Government
abouttwenty thousand dollars. We are now called
upon, at the close of this session, when every mo-
ment is valuable, and when we are pressed with
large arrears of public business, which has accu-
mulated upon our hands, to pass upon the prop-
ositions which this committee have submitted to
the House as the result of their investigations.
It seems to me that gentlemen on the other side
of the House, who have participated in this dis-
cussion, have been much more zealous in urging
the passage of these resolutions than in the trans-
action of the practical legislative business of the
country; and it is a question for this House to
consider, whether the results of this investigation
are a sufficient equivalent for the time and public
money which have been spe^t upefn it.
I must say-, sir, that, after having listened some-
what attentively to all the gentlemen who have
spoken upon this question, I am strongly inclined
to coincide in t?he views of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop,] who addressed the
House some time ago, that this whole matter looks
more to its influence upon the partisan politics of
the country than to any legitimate action by the
House, or by Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the gentleman
will allow me, I would like to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] if thatland had j
been offered at public sale, would not the capital-
ists upon the ground have entered into combina-
tion to have it sold for much less than it would
bring at private sale? Is it not the gentleman's
opinion, judging from the past land sales, that
that would have been the case?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman has as good a chance to jutlge of that as I
have; but, as he has asked my opinion, I will say
that, from the testimony in the case, a combina-
tion would have been inevitable. The Secretary
of War, however, by proper regulations, asm the
Chicago case, might have evaded that, where
there was an inadequacy of price, and kept the
title in the hands of the Government.
Mr. HUGHES. Wheredid this FortSnelling
matter originate? My opinion is that H origin-
ated in the newspapers, because I saw it there
long before this Congress convened, where most
of the other investigations which have caused the
raising of select committees, and the profuse ex-
penditure of the public money, have started; and
where has it been carried on ? In the public news-
papers, and there, sir^it is to end. When this re-
port was presented to the House proposing to
arraign a member of the Cabinet before Congress
and the country, where ho had been arraigned
previously through* the columns of the newspa-
pers, his accusers in the case came into this Hall
and proposed that the whole subject should be
postponed until the next session of Congress.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. To whom does the
gentleman refer 3
Mr. HUGHES. I refer to the Republicans;
and if the gentleman has any sympathy with
them, I refVr to him.
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. I have taken no
part in this matter. I thought the gentleman re-
ferred to my colleague, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. HUGlIES. How did he vote on the post-
ponement?
Mr. SHAW, of Illinois. He voted against it;
and, sir, let me say to the gentleman, that my
colleague has the reputation of being a good
Democrat where he is known.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 am not talking about De-
mocracy or Republicanism; I am talking about
the question that is before the House; and the
gentleman has been asleep, indeed,-if he has ig-
nored the fact that the Secretary of War has been
arraigned before the country by the Republican
party, and that the Administration and Demo-
cratic party have been arraigned in consequence
of the alleged mismanagement of this Fort Snell-
ing sale. I say that when the labors of this com-
mittee were completed and their report was pre-
sented to this House, a proposition was made
and supported by a large majority of that party,
as will be seen by reference to the Journal, for a
postponement of this matter until the next session
of Congress. In the intermediate time it could
have been used m the elections of the country,
1 repeat, that I submit the question to the House
and the country whether, if there had been any-
thing in this matter, it would not have been pressed,
and earnestly pressed, to an adverse decision ? Un-
doubtedly it would. But the proposition was made
to postpone it, and the vote was taken by yeas and
nays. A majority of this House decided not to
postpone it. Of whom did that majority consist ?
It consisted of the personal and political friends
of the Secretary of War, who demanded not only
an investigation, but an early decision. And to-
day, sir, when this matter was again called up,
being the special order, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who has spoken upon this
floor, and pronounced his judgment upon the tes-
timony, came forward and moved a further post-
ponement. I allude to these circumstances to show
that those who originated this investigation, that
those who have carried it on, that those who have
carried it into the newspapers of the country, that
those who are advocating an adverse decision of
this question, seem more desirous to postpone the
matter, in order to carry it into the elections of the
country, than to bring it to a decision by a vote
of the House. Whether that comports with the
principles of justice or not, is easily determined.
Now, sir, I propose to call the attention of the
House to the propositions submitted by this com-
mittee for our action. I conceive that it is not
necessary to go beyond those propositions to de-
monstrate the whole character of this proceeding
from begihning to end. Who authorized the sale
of the Port Snelling reservation ? Was it the act
of the Cabinet? Was it the act of the Adminis-
tration ? Was it the act of the Secretary of War ?
No, sir; it was the act of Congress. I would
like to inquire if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Pettit] who, we are informed by the Indiana
newspapers has taken a leading part in this pro-
ceeding, voted for that law? Congress authorized
the sale of this reservation, and invested the Sec-
retary of War with full power and discretion to
make it. In pursuance of that authority he acted.
Now, in making that sale he either made an hon-
est bargain, or a corrupt bargain. If he acted cor-
ruptly, he is amenable to Congress for it. If he
made a bad bargain, and acted honestly, it is a
question which will admit of considerable discus-
sion and doubt, whether or not, he is answerable
to this House.
But, the position I take is this: that the major-
ity of this committee, after having thoroughly
investigated this subject, taken unlimited range
in the examination of witnesses, and having re-
ported their testimony to this House, have re-
ported propositions which, upon their face, show
that there is no foundation for arraigning the Secre-
tanj of War, and no just foundation for this investi-
gation, ivhich has cost the Government $20,000. The
majority of that committee report a series of res-
olutions, and propose that this House shall pass
them. The first of these resolutions is as follows:
^ <k Resolced, 1. Tnat the sale of the military po«r of Fort
Pnellitig and so much of the rcscivauon attached to it as
wa-  tieeev.su y for military purposes, made on the 6th day
of June, under the authority of the Secretary of War,
til'4 fMme Ix-ins; then and now retained under the authority
or ill Jit l>('|ririmo:it because necessary for military purposes,
was without authority of law."
Well, sir, that is a legal proposition. What
would the passage of this resolution by the House
amount to 5 Will it rescind the sa!e? Will it have
the effect of a judicial decision ? Not at all, sir.
It is an important declaration of opinion, but an
idle declaration, because this House alone has no
jurisdiction over the matter. The authority of the
Secietary of War to make this sale was derived
from an act of Congress in which both branches
of the national Legislature partioipated,and which
had the approbation 6f the President. If it was
proposed to repeal that law, the committee, in-
stead of reporting this resolution, should have re-
ported a bill or joint resolution. Is it to be pie-
sumed that the committee did not know that ? By
no means. The conclusive presumption is that
they did know it. Then, why have they not
taken that course ? The fact that they have not
reported to the House a measure for its action,
which would have some effect if adopted, is a con-
clusive answer to all which they may say upon
this floor in regard to this transaction.
The second resolution is as follows:
iC That said sale was made by the Secretary of War not-
withstanding his knowledge of the official opinion? of his
predecessor, the Hon. Jefferson Davis, and of other of-
ficers in superior military command to the contrary, with-
out consulting with, without the advice, and without the
knowledge of any officer m the service of any rank, leav-
ing the question of the retention of that post to the discre-
tion of the commissioners appointed to make the sale, and
that this action on the pait of the Secretary of War was a
giave official lault."
Here it is proposed that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall declare by resolution that the Sec-
retary of War who made this sale, knowing that
an officer, high in rank in the Government, dis--
