1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
contracts. I say there is no such thing, and lam
going1 on to elaborate that view of the case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and thinks that thegentleman from
Alabama is confining himself to the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I ask how are we to
vote? My friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
says we are bound to vote for all this. My friend
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] produces a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, presenting a
state of facts showing the piogress of this work,
and says that we are bound, at least, to go to that
extent. My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Single-'
ton] comes from the Committee on Printing,
which has charge of this precise matter, and re-
ports to us a state of facts derived from the report
of the Superintendent of Public Printing, entirely
in conflict with the statement reported by the
.gentleman from Missouri, as from'the Secretary
of the Interior. Now, in this state of confusion,
in this state of great want of information, how
are we, who are outside of these committees, to
vote? I should like to know to what point the
mind of any gentleman can arrive with any degree
of satisfaction to himself? I do not hold that when
the Committee of Ways and Means report a biil
the Committee on Public Printing are bound to
come aild show us how much of the work is done,
and how much is not done. Yet they have been
able to do so, and to do so satisfactorily. But I
contend that the Committee of Ways and Means
ought to have advised us on these precise points
that we might know how to vote.
The question being on Mr. Seward's amend-
ment to the amendment, Mr. Garnett demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Read? and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 43.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think, sir, that this is
a subject of a great deal of interest; but from the
discussion which has been had I am satisfied, and
I think the House is satisfied, that we all under-
stand the merits of the bill; and to spend more
time in discussion would be a wasteful expendi-
ture of the public time and treasure. I move,
therefore, that the committee rise and report the
bill to the House.
Mr. WARREN". I move to amend the motion
by substituting the motion that the committee
rise and report the bill back to the House, with
the recommendation that it be referred back to the
committee from whence it came.
The CHAIRMAN. The motionis notin order.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia to my amendment having
been adopted, I suppose the question is on my
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky as amended.
Mr, BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his motion until the vote
can be taken upon my amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw it.
Mr. WARREN. Is it not in order to move
that the committee rise and report the bill to the
House with the recommendation thacit be recom-
mitted to the committee from whence it came ?
It strikes me that would be the better mode of
proceeding decidedly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the motion is notin order while an amendment is
pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I shall object to
this bill being reported now. -I have an amend- I
ment which I think will obviate all difficulty on
the subject.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIR. The Chair thinks it would be
in order to offer an amendment as an addition to
the amendment already adopted.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the motion pending to be,
that the committee rise; which motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding these words:
Provided, The sum does not exceed that reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Now, sir, my friend from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] has undertaken to "pitch in "generally and
miscellaneously to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SEWARD. Which one of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was it that reported this
bill? F
Mr. LETCHER. The whole committee. I
hope my friend from Georgia will not interrupt
me again.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will not include mc, when he says the
bill was reported by the whole committee.
Mi\ LETCHER. I except the gentleman from
Georgia, certainly. Now, sir, the gentleman from
Alabama told the committee that there was no
contract upon the part of the House with the Pub-
lic Printer. Mr. Chairman, if such be the fact;
if there was nothing obligatory on the part of
the House, I should like to know what induced
the House, preparatory to the election of Public
Printer, to adopt this resolution?
" Resolved, That this House now procecd to the election
of a Public Printer for the House of Representatives lor tile
Timty-i'Vlh Congress, with the proviso that the House re-
tain the right to modify the existing law upon the subject of
the public printing as it may seem proper."
Now, sir, if there was no existing obligation
by which this House was bound to pay according
to the lawns it stood on your statute-hook, what
did gentlemen mean by voting for that proviso?
Sir, if they believe to-day that there is no obliga-
tory force upon the part of this House to comply
with its obligation, in the election of Public Printer,
they ought surely to be able to understand why
it was necessary to insert a proviso of that sort
ill that resolution, in order to protect us in the
event of the change of the law upon the subject
of the public printing.
Now, sir, one word more. My friend from
Alabama intends to vote against this bill because
he has received no satisfactory explanation m re-
gard to it; that the Committee of Waysand Means
have one version, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Nichols] another, and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia another; and in this uncertainty ho can come
to no satisfactory conclusion as to what is right
and proper. How was the Committee of Ways
and Means to procure their information upon the
subject? Were they not to look to the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing? Is he not authority
who is supposed to understand the obligation of
Congress towards the Public Printer ? Yet, sir, I
the gentleman says he will vote against it because j
the Committee of Ways and Means have not given [
him satisfaction.
But there is another tiling to which I wish to
call the attention of the committee. A1y friend !
from Mississippi [Mr. Singleton] savs there is I
no obligation upon the part of Congress to print ,
the second part of Emory's report. If there was ;
no obligation, why a resolution of that sort' :
Mr. SINGLETON. I did not say that the
House had a right to rescind its order at any time .
it thought proper to do so; and a resolution which
is now in the hands of the chairman of the Com- ;
mittee on Printing is to that effect. It proposes !
to dispense with five thousand copies of the sec- \
ond volume. j
Mr. LETCHER. In other words, if they have ■
the right to rescind it, why did they adopt this ;
proviso at the opening of the session ? How can \
it be explained? There are a multitude of gen- \
tlemen who voted for that resolution; and upon j
their theory, as laid down yesterday and to-day, '
I ask them to come to the mark, and explain this J
matter. |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that '
the committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to oppose the amend- i
ment. I have a right to do that.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen- i
tleman from Illinois is in order. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Iinsistupon
my motion.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to accept an amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man's amendment is not in order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Davis, of Indiana, report- j
ed that the Committee of the Whole on the state i'
of the Union had had the Union generally under !
consideration, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
202) to appropriate money to supply deficiencies'
for the paper, printing, binding, and engraving,
ordered by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Con-
gresses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
CONSTITUTION OF OREGON.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, presented
the official copy of the constitution of the State of
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
Mr. PARROTT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, with a view to have
them laid upon the table and printed.
[Cries of " Read !" " Read!"]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
the reception of the resolutions, unless I know
what they are.
Mr. PARROTT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB. What are the resolutions?
Mr. FLORENCE. Can they not be read for
information ?
The first resolution was read by its title, as
follows:
"Preamble and joint resolution in relalion to the constitu-
tion framed at Lecompton, Kansas Territory, on the 7tli of
November, 1857."
Mr. LETCHER. Read them. Let us know
what they are ?
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Thejr have
not been received; and, therefore, I say it is not
in order to read them.
The SPEAKER. It is demanded that the pa-
pers shall be read, so that gentlemen may know
how to vote.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I submit a
question of order. They cannot be read, as they
have not been received as yet.
TheSPEAKER. Pending the question, " Will
the House receive the resolutions?" the demand
is made that they be read, so that gentlemen may
know how to vote.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ajujeal
from the decision of the Chair. -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. X move to
lay the appeal on the table.
The appeal was laid upon the table.
[Cries of " Read !" " Read !"]
The first joint resolutions in reference to the
Lecompton constitution were then read, as fol-
lows:
Preamble and Joint Resolutions in relation to the Consti-
tution framed at Lecompton, Kansas Territory, on the 7th
day of November, 18o7.
Wheicas, a small minority of the people, Jiving in nine-
teen of tiie thirty-eight counties of this Territory, availing
themselves of a law which enabled them to obstruct and
defeat a fair expiession of the popular will, did, by the
odious and oppressive application ot the provisions and par-
tisan machinery of said law, procure the return of the whole
number of the delegates to tiie constitutional convention,
recently assembled at Lecompton. Whereas, by reason of
the defective provision? of said law, in connection with the
neglect and misconduct of the authorities charged with the
execution of the baiue, the people living within the remain-
ing nineteen counties of the Teriitory were not peimitted
to return delegates to said convention ; were not recognized
in its oigamzatton,or m any sense heaid or felt m its delib-
erations: and whereas, it w an axiom in political ethics that
the people cannot be deprived of their rights by the negli-
gence or misconduct of public officers: and whereas, a mi-
nority, to wit, twenty-eight only of the sixty members of said
convention, have attempted, by an unworthy contrivance,
to impose upon the whole people of the Territory a consti
tunon without consulting their wish, and against their will:
and whereas, the members of said convention have refused
to submit their action for the approval or disapproval of
the voters of tiie Territory, and m thus acting have defied
the kuown will of nine tenths of the voters thereof.* and
whereas, the action of a fragment of said convention rep-
resenting, as they did, a small minority of the voters of the
Territory, repudiates and crushes out the distinctive prin-
ciple of the Nebraska-Kansas act, and violates and tramples
under foot the right and sovereignty of the people: and
whereas, from the foregoing statement of facts it clearly
appeal s that the people have not been left " free to form and
regulate theff domestic institutions intheirown way;" but,
on tiie contraiy. at every stage in the anomalous proceed-
ings recited, they have been prevented from&o doing: Be it
therefore
Resolved by the Governor and Legislative Assembly of
Kansas Territory, That the people of Kansas being opposed
to said constitution. Congress has no rightful power under
it toadmit said Territory into the Union as a State; and we,
the representatives of said people, do hereby, in their name
and on their behalf, solemnly protest against such admission.
Resolved, That such action, on the part of Congress, would,
in the judgment of the members of this Legislative Assem-
bly, be an enure abandonment of the doctrine of non-inter
