2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
aside a contract or sale, is a proposition at which
the merest tyro in forensic learning ought to blush.
Sir, I deny it. If there is any principle well estab-
lished by the uniform current of judicial decisions
it is that inadequacy of price is no ground for
setting aside a sale or contract.
Mr. CLARK,of New York. Unless it is gross.
Mr. HUGHES. No matter how gross, unless
it be connected with fraud. But, when we come
to look into the question of inadequacy, we find
that 190,000 has been given by these parties for
this tract of land.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. They have only
paid $30,000 of that sum down.
Mr. HUGHES. They are responsible for the
residue. .The gentleman is too good a lawyer not
to know that the real estate is responsible for the j
residue, if they do not pay it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The land would
not be liable for the residue if an absolute title was
delivered on the first payment, and security taken.
Mr. HUGHES. What is the fact in this case ?
Has the title been delivered 5
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It has not been.
Mr. HUGHES. Then ihe gentleman is argu-
ing on a state of facts which does not exist, and
X submit that that is hardly fair in a ease of this j
kind. It is well enough to mgue the case on the !
facts as they exist. Why introduce a statement j
of facts that do not exist, in order to predicate an j
argument against the Secretary of War ? j
Mr. Speaker, if I, as a member of this Houses i
had believed that the Secretary of War had been
guilty of corruption in this matter, I should have
felt it my duty to offer articles of impeachment
against him. If I had believed, upon investiga- j
tion, that he had not been guilty of corruption, I I
would have come into this House and said so-, I j
would not have attempted to shoot a Parthian ar-
row at him—to make a charge against him which
this House lias no right and no power to make,
and which is wholly unsuppoi tod by the testi- j
mony. I regard this as another of the operations, i
of which we have had several this session, to j
make a little capital by getting up an investigat- |
ing committee, and take a little testimony.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has
reminded us of his labors in that respect, and I
am disposed to give him full credit for them. He
is chairman of an investigating commit too, which,
at an expense of some thieo thousand dollars, haw
come to the sagacious conclusion that this House
ought to discharge them from the further consid-
eration of the particular subject. They have la-
bored hard, have had a man in prison hero, and
have traveled over the country taking evidence,
and at last have come to the .solemn conclusion
that M somebody was cheated." Well, sir, if the
Government can afford to pay for investigations
of that kind, to send men roving over the coun-
try to take testimony of that kind, it ought not to
interfere with private citizens who have invested
$90,000 in Government lands, to prejudice their
purchase, impair their title, and keep their capital
suspended and unprofitable to them, while the
attention of the whole country is attracted to what
is going on.
And just here, in conclusion, allow me to say,
that the Government of the United States is no
dwaler in real estate for profit. Thcie is no land
broker's office connectcd with it. When the
Government wants land for military purposes, it
buys it, and buys it at a high pi ice. When it
has land of that description, for which it has no
use, it sells it, and generally sells it at a sacrifice.
It is notan object of the Government to make any
money out of land estate, and to investigate the
question as to whether the land sold for as much
as it was worth. You might as well undertake to
investigate whether the snag boats in the Missis-
sippi, which are purchased by the Government,
at a largo price, and after being used, are gener-
ally sold for a hundredth part of what they cost—
I say you might as well go into an investigation
as to whether those boats have been sold for as
much as they are worth. There is no instance
on record where real estate owned by the Gov-
ernment has been sold for as much as it was
worth. Why, then, has this, which brought
more in proportion than any other, been nought
out as a solitary exception ?
I should have said nothing upon this subject but
for the fact that other gentlemen have undertaken
to make so much out of it. One witness stated,
as thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
remarked, that he would " spend his pile" upon
this property at four times the amount it sold for.
Well, sir, it may be so, but it looks very much
to me like the talk of a disappointed speculator;
and I believe, from all the lights before me, that
disappointment upon the part of certain individ-
uals is at the bottom of this whole affair, by which
$20,000 has been spent for the purpose of black-
balling the Secretary of War, and for the pas-
sage by the House of a set of inoperative, impo-
tent resolutions; for if the resolutions reported
by the committee are passed unanimously, they
will amount to nothing. Sir, if the committee had
believed that there had been any corruption, if
they had believed that there was any dishonesty,
they would have reported resolutions which would
have had some practical effect. But, sir, if you
pass these resolutions it will still leave the con-
tract untouched.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLARK, of New York, obtained the floor.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask the gentleman to yield
the floor for a very few minutes.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will yield the
floor to the gentleman.
Mr. HOPKINS. I have no disposition to par-
ticipate in this debate; but it so happens thattwo
of the parties implicated in these proceedings—
the Secretary of War and one of the witnesses—
are constituents and friends of mine; it is perhaps
hardly proper that 1 should stand by and give a
silent vote, without adding my humble testimony,
especially in relation to one of them, who is per-
haps known to but few members of this House,
and to none so well as to myself. The question
has been asked to-day, in trie course of this de-
bate, why the Secretary of War selected Mr.
TIciskell as one of the agents for the sale of the
Port Snolling reservation ? I think I can, in all
sincerity and condor, answer that question satis-
factorily to every gentleman here.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will this come
out of my time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, by
general consent, it will not be deducted.
Mr. HOPKINS. My answer would be this:
I am sure, from my knowledge of the parties,
and from the relations which have so long existed
between them, there is no man living in whose
integrity the Secretary of War reposes more ab-
i solute and unqualified confidence than in that of
j VV illiam King tfetsicell. He has known him from
1 boyhood, and 1 volunteer the assertion with en-
tire confidence, thatif this Fort Snelhng property
had been his own private property, amongst the
numbers of persons known to him in Virginia he
would have selected this veiy man to have made
sale of it. His character has been known to me
for thirty years. He has occupied various pub-
lic positions, and, until I heard the debate here
this day, I hnvc never hoard his integrity assailed,
even by his bitterest political opponents.
It was, therefore, no matter of surprise in the
community in which Governor Floyd has been
born and raised, that he should have selected VV.
K. Hciskell as one of the agents to go to Fort
Snellmg, and participate in the sale of this prop-
erty.
i Mr. Speaker, the Secretary of War had but
j recently been installed in office when this sale was
ordeied to be made. The law under which the
; sale of the property was authorized, was passed
m 1857. It was therefore important for a public
. officer having the entire responsibility of the sale
i to select, as the agent of sale, a man m whom he
; reposed entire confidence, a person of known per-
i sonal integrity and honesty. So far as the Sec-
I retary of War is concerned, I have nothing to say.
His defense has fallen into other hands. Two of
my colleagues [Messrs. Faulkn-er and Letch-
er,] have vindicated him, if indeed, the evidence
reported to this House had not done that.
But, sir, I must at least tender my thanks to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
for having interposed to save the Secretary of
War, whose immediate representative lam, from
the consequences of an eo; parte proceeding of this
House. He has had no opportunity of confront-
i ing his accusers or cross-examining the witnesses
| who have testified against him; nor have the pur-
| chasers, or commissioners to sell the property.
| The committee have proceeded against these par-
ties in a private committee room in this House,
and they nave pronounced a verdict of condem-
nation without giving them an opportunity of
being heard.
This much, sir, I have desired to say; this
much was due, both to myself and to the gentle-
men implicated. I am ready to submit the ques-
tion to the House, with full confidence that they
will—as I think the evidence does—fully exon-
erate and acquit the parties implicated.
Mr, CLARK, of New York, obtained the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to make a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am ready to go
on with my remarks at this time. I want to have
my resolutions reported.
The Clerk reported the resolutions, as follows:
1. Resolved, That the evidence reported by the select com-
mittee as to the recent sale of the military reservation at
Port Snelhng has failed to exhibit any fact or circumstance
impeaching the persoual or official integrity of the Secre-
tary of War.
2. Resolved, That the management of the sale by the
agents authorized by the Secietary of War to conduct the
same, was injudicious and impioper, and resulted, by rea-
son of its want of publicity, in the exclusion of that compe-
tition among persons desiring to purchase, which, under
Uie circumstances, should have been permitted.
3. Resolved, That the tcims of sale adopted bv the agents
appointed by the Secretary of War to make said sale are
disapproved, for the reasons, fust, that a credit unauthor-
ized by law was given to the puichaber; and. sccorid, that
the right of possession after the sale, leserved to the Gov-
ernment, was calculated to prevent a lair sale at a fair price.
4. Resolved, That the evidence taken by the select com-
mittee appointed under the authority ot the resolution of
this Ilou^e of Januaiy 4, 1858, be tiaiitimtted to the Secre-
tary of War, to the end that, in conjunction with the At-
torney General of the United State*, he may adopt such
measures m respect of the sale as they shall be of opinion,
in view of the facts developed by bueh evidence, that the
public interest requnes.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish when the question
comes up directly for the action of the House, to
submit some resolutions from the minority of the
select committee, as a substitute for those reported
by the majority. The resolutions of the minority
are not before the House at all as yet.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoik. 1 wish to say
what I have to say upon the resolutions which
have just been read from the Clei k's desk. I will
be willing to accept any modifications of my reso-
lutions that are reasonable and in harmony with
their spirit.
Mr. FAULKNER. I understand that thegen-
tleman offers his lesolution as a substitute for
those already pending.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the mi-
nority are presumed to be before the House, al-
though, in point of fact, they have not been moved.
The Chan-supposes that the gentleman's object
can be accomplished in the morning, by moving
the resolutions of the minority of the committee
before the honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Clark] moves his proposition.
Mr. FAULKNER. With that understanding,
I move that the House adjourn; the gentleman
yielding to me for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
Housp (at twenty minutes past eleven oV,lock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 2, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. H. Bocock, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretaries of State
I and of the Navy, with the accompanying papers,
S in compliance with the resolution of the Senate of
| the 11th of March, 1858, requesting the President
"to communicate to the Senate any information
in possession of any of the Executive Depart-
ments, m relation to alleged discoveries of guano
in the year 1S55, and the measures taken to as-
certain the correctness of the same; and also any
report made to the Navy Department in relation
to the discovery of guano m Jarvis and Baker's
Islands, with the charts, soundings, and sailing
directions for those islands;" which, on motion of
Mr. Seward, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; and a motion by him to print
it was referred to the Committee on Printing.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STUART. An act has been passed at this
