564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For the General Purposes of the Building corner of
F and Seventeenth Streets.
For compensation of the superintendent, four
watchmen, and two laborers, for said building,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
And the compensation of superintendent may be
allowed to the clerk who has performed, or may
hereafter perform, the duties of that office; the
allowance to be made to such superintendent,
with his salary as clerk, not to exceed two thou-
sand dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items, four thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Navy Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger,
and laborer, in his office, twenty-nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Navy-Yards and Docks, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, fourteen thou-
sand one hundred and forty dollars
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks,
messenger, and laborer in his office, twelve thou-
sand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and of
the engineer-in-chief, and the clerks, messenger,
and laborers in his office, twenty-one thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing, eight thousand eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the Chief of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand
five hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, newspa-
pers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For stationery, books, plans, and drawings,
eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs:
For blank-books,binding, stationery, printing,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, four hundred and fifty dollars.
For the General Purposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
southwest executive building, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights,and miscellaneous items,
three thousand nine hundred and, thirteen dollars.
Post Office Department.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers of said Department, one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent Expenses of said Department.
For blank-books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including the
Auditor's Office, oil, gas, and candles, printing,
day watchman, and for miscellaneous items,
eleven thousand dollars.
For repairs of the General Post Office building,
for office furniture, glazing, painting, whitewash-
ing, and for keeping the fire-places and furnaces
in order, four thousand dollars.
To meet the expenses incident to the comple-
tion of a large portion of the General Post Office
extension, viz:
For furnishing partially eighty-one rooms, in-
cidental expenses in all other portions of the new
building, fuel, gas, candles, day watchman, mis-
cellaneous items, and ten laborers at six hundred
dollars each, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
Printing for Executive Departments.
For paperand printing for the Executive Depart-
ments, including the paper, printing, and binding
of the annual statement of commerce and naviga-
tion of the United States, and the paperand print-
ing of the annual estimates of appropriations,
fifty-five thousand dollars.
Mint of the United States at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner and engraver,
assistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven clerks, twenty-seven thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, ieventy-
four thousand eight hundred dollars
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition other available funds,
seventy-five thousand dc lars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be reserved
at the Mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from New York
say office to the United States Mintfor coinage,
ten thousand dollars.
Jit San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and five clerks,
twenty-six thousand four hundred and fifty-five
dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one hun-
dred and sixty-six thousand eight hundred and
ninety-four dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
twenty-two thousand six hundred and six dollars.
At Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, coiner, melter and refiner, and three clerks,
eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-two thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
twenty thousand nine hundred dollars.
At Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Jit Dahlonega, Georgia.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, five thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
.Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, twenty-one
thousand one hundred dollars.
Government in the Territories.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
Secretary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OP NEW MEXICO.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OP DTAII.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
TERRITORY OP WASHINGTON.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OF KANSAS.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
For defraying the expenses incurred in taking
the census of the Territory of Minnesota, under
the act approved twenty-sixth February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, twenty thousand dollars:
Provided, The compensation to the officers taking
the same shall not exceed that allowed by the acts
of twenty-third May, eighteen hundred and fifty,
and thirtieth August, eighteen hundred and fifty,
to those who took the census in California, Ore-
gon, Utah, and New Mexico.
Judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, and eight associate justices, fifty-four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and eight thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
; lars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California, six
'| thousand dollars.
j For salaries of the chief justice of the District
i| of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judges
,! of the criminal court and the orphans' court, fif-
| teen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, eighteen thou-
sand one hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books, and
binding, for the office of the Attorney General,
one thousand dollars.
For the purchase of deficient State reports and
statutes for the office of the Attorney General,
one thousand dollars.
For fuel and labor for the office of the Attorney
General, one thousand dollars.
For furniture and book-cases for office of the
Attorney General, one thousand dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary ex-
penditures in the disposal of private land claims
in California, twelve thousand dollars.
For services of special counsel and other ex-
traordinary expenses, in defending the title of the
United States to public property in California,
forty thousand dollars.
For the employment of such number of eierlcs,
not exceeding three, by the district attorney of
the northern district of California, as may be
necessary to transcribe the records of the district
court in land cases upon which appeals have been
or may be taken to the Supreme Court, such sum
as may be necessary is hereby appropriated, pro-
vided the compensation shall not exceed one hun-
dred and fifty dollars a month for each; and that
such clerks shall not be employed under the au-
thority of this act after the third day of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
