1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 __ *
565
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eleven thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, ten thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
Independent Treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at New York, Boston, Charleston,
and St. Louis, sixteen thousand five,hundred dol-
lars.
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars,
and of the treasurer of the branch mint at New
Orleans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of five of the additional clerks au-
thorized by the acts of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, and paid under acts of
twelfth August, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,.
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For salary of additional clerk in office of assist-
ant treasurer at Boston, one thousandwwo hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers, and watch-
men, in the office of the assistant treasurer at
New York, thirteen thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses under the act for the
safe-keeping, collecting, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, of sixth August, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dollars,
in addition to premium received on transfer drafts:
Provided, That no part of said sum shall be ex-
pended for clerical services.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better
protection of the lives of passengers by steam-
boats, with travellingand other expenses incurred
by them, eighty thousand dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from Lands.
To meet the expenses of collecting the revenue
from the sale of public lands in the several States
and Territories:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, one
hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; also for jurors
and witnesses, m aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, and previous years; and like-
wise for defraying the expenses of suits in which
the United States are concerned, and of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United
Stales, and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, one
million dollars.
Penitentiary.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, physi-
cian, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron of the penitentiary of the District of Col-
umbia, twelve thousand five hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary,seven thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars and twenty-five cents.
For compensation of two additional guards,
hereby authorized, thirteen hundred and twenty
dollars.
For compensation, in part, for the messenger
in charge of the main furnace in the Capitol, four
hundred and twenty dollars.
For stationery, blank-Dooks, plans, drawings,
and other contingent expenses of the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of twenty-two laborers em-
ployed in the public grounds and President's gar-
den, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars.
For compensation uf the keeper of the western
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy-
six dollars.
For compensation of two day watchmen em-
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's house, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the
President's house, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper
at the President's house, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildings
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters shops, six hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, five
thousand five hundred and eighty-four dollars and
forty cents.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the
two bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, one thousand
one hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and
for fuel and oil for lamps, nineteen thousand four
hundred dollars.
For furnace-keeper at the President's house,
six hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That here-
after the estimates for the various Executive, De-
partments shall designate not only the amount
required to be appropriated for the next fiscal
year, but also the amount of the outstanding ap-
propriation, if there be any, which will probably
be required to be used for each particular item of
expenditure.
Approved, June 2, 1858.
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act declaring the Title to
Land Warrants in certain Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Coiigress
assembled, That when proof has been, or shall
hereafter be, filed in the Pension Office, during
the lifetime of a claimant, establishing, to the sat-
isfaction of that office, his or her right to a war-
rant for military services, and such warrant has
not been, or may not hereafter be, issued until
after the death of the claimant, and all such war-
rants as have been heretofore issued subsequent
to the death of the claimant, the title to such war-
rants shall vest in the widow, if there be one, and
if there bo no widow, then in the heirs or legatees
of the claimant; and all such warrants, and all
other warrants issued pursuant to existing laws,
shall be treated as personal chattels, and may be
conveyed by assignment of such widow, heirs, or
legatees, or by the legal representatives of the
deceased claimant, for the use of such heirs or
legatees only.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the first section of the act approved
March twenty-two, eighteen hundred and fifiy-
two, to make land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes, shall be so extended as to em-
brace land warrants issued under the act of the
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Chap. LXXXV.—An Act to extend an act en-
titled "An act to continue Half Pay to certain
Widows and Orphans," approved February
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all those surviving widows and
minor children who have been, or may be, granted
and allowed five years' half pay under the provis-
ions of any law or laws of the United States, be,
and they are hereby, granted a continuance of
such half pay, under the following terms and lim-
itations, viz: to such widows during life, and to
such child or children, where there is no widow,
whilst under the age of sixteen years, to com-
mence from the expiration of the half pay pro-
vided for by the first section of the act entitled
"An act to continue half pay to certain widows
and orphans," approved February three, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three: Provided, however,
That in case of the marriage or death of any such
widow, the half pay shall go to the child or chil-
dren of the deceased officer or soldier whilst un-
der the age of sixteen years; and, in like manner,
the child or children of such deceased officer or
soldier, when there is no widow, shall be paid no
longer than while there are children or a child
under the age aforesaid: Jlnd provided farther,
That the half pay of such widows and orphans
shall be half the monthly pay of the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of
the infantry of the regular Army of the United
States, and no more, and that no greater sum shall
be allowed to any such widow or minor children
than the half pay of a lieutenant colonel: Andpro-
vided also, That this act shall not be construed to
apply to or embrace the case of any person or
persons now receiving a pension for life; and, fur-
ther, that wherever half pay shall have been
granted by any special act of Congress, and is
renewed or continued under the provisions of this
act, the same shall commence from the date
hereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions renewed and continued by this act, shall
be payable out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Chap. LXXXVI.—An Act Confirming Locations
of Land Warrants under certain circumstances.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in all cases in which locations nave
been made with bounty land warrants on lands
which were subject to entry at private sale, but
upon individual competition were put up to the
highest bidder, and the excess paid for m cash,
such locations shall be, and they are hereby con-
firmed, if in all other respects regular; and au-
thority is hereby given to issue patents accord-
ingly : Provided, That such confirmation shall only
extend to cases existing prior to the passage of
this act.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Chap. XCl.— An Act making an Appropriation
for the Payment of Clerks employed in the
offices of the Registers of the Land Offices at
Oregon City and Winchester, in the Territory
of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of seven thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to re-
imburse the registers of the land offices at Oregon
City and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon,
for expenses incurred by them in the employment
of clerks actually required for the transaction of
the business of their respective offices, growing
out of an act entitled "An act to create the office
of surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
and to provide for the survey and to make dona-
tions to settlers of the said public lands," ap-
proved September the twenty-seventh, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. XCII.—An Act to authorize the President
of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of Texas, to run and mark the Boundary
Lines between the Territories -of the United
States and the State of Texas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he hereby is, authorized and empowered
to appoint a suitable person or persons, who, in
conjunction with such person or persons as may
be appointed by and on behalf of the State of
Texas for the same purpose, shall run and mark
the boundary lines between the Territories of the
United Slates and the State of Texas; beginning
at the point where the one hundredth degree of
longitude west from Greenwich crosses Red river,
and running thence north to the point where said
