1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district courts of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON. I present the memorial of E.
R. Livingston, Esq., of Boston, prayingto be ap-
pointed to superintend and aid in the preparation
of a catalogue, with abstract and index, of the
original documents and papers of the Senate of
the United States, on a plan of his own origin-
ating. A work, on Mr. Livingston's plan, has
just been completed of all the original legislative
documents and papers of the commonwealth of
Massachusetts, from the year 1774 to the close of
the political year 1856. During its preparation,
and on its completion it was examined by joint
committees of the Legislature, not merely to test
its accuracy, but also its convenience and import-
ance for a ready access to any particular docu-
ment or paper. Those committees were unan-
«imous in their commendation of this gentleman's
plan, and of its execution; and likewise of the
great importance and value of the work. It has
also been examined and highly commended by a
number of the most distinguished reviewers in
the State of Massachusetts. By this ingenious
system of arrangement any desired paper can
easily be found in any one of three ways—from
the subject; or the order of time; or the kind of
legislative action. That is to say—in a very few
moments by consulting this catalogue and index,
any person can easily refer to all the papers on
the files relating to any particular subject, from
first to last; or he may obtain a summary of the
whole legislative proceedings of any session; or
he can readily find,under one head, all the business
of the same kind at each session. It is needless
to add, that such a catalogue and index of the
original papers of the Senate would be of im-
mense utility in facilitating reference to them for
all purposes—for committees and historians—and
days and even weeks of research for particular
papers may be saved by the aid of such a system.
I move a reference of the memorial, with the rec-
ommendations accompanying it, to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to. .
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Adam Hays, on the files of
the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
112) authorizing a drawback on old railroad iron,
imported, rerolled, and reexported; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
FEES OF MARSHALS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to inquire what alterations aie advisable to be made m the
existing laws regulating the fees of marshals and other
oltieers connected with the courts of the United States m
the several St.itCb and the District of Columbia, and to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
PRISONS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instiucted to inquire into the state and condition of
the prisons in the District; their sufficiency to prevent the
escape of pusoners; the nature and propriety of the rules
and regulations for the government and discipline of the in-
mates of the pemtentiaiy; the capacity of the present build-
ing used for a penitentiary for the efficient and convenient
disehaige of all the duties incident to such an institution ;
the expediency and propriety of erecting a new building lor
a penitentiary, and the procuring a different site from the
one now occupied, and also the expediency of conferring
the appointment of warden of the penitentiary on the board
of inspectors of the prison ; and. generally, what improve-
ments and alterations are necessary to lender the system
in this District equal to that m many of the States.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of J. Hosford Smith, reported a bill (S. No. 115)
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the petition of Randall Pegg, asked to bo dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah Foy, widow
of John Foy, deceased, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims; which was agreed
to.
Mr. THOMSON", of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of the heirs of Isaac and Sarah Blau-
velt, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Albert G. Hopper
and Nancy Baldwin, heirs of Garrett A. Hopper,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jeremiah Pendergast,
submitte'd a report, accompanied by a bill, (S.
No. 116,) for the relief of Jeremiah Pendergast,
of the District of Columbia. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of John
Wentworth, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Allen, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill, (S. No.
117) for the relief of William Allen, of Portland,
in the State of Maine. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Elijah Roath,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on "Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Nathan Weeks,submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 113) for the reliefof
the heirs of Lieutenant Nathan Weeks, deceased.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Oflicc and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of John Scott, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 118) for the relief of John
Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Moss, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the legal representa-
tives of George Mayo, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
LEGAL TENDER.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 44)
to amend an act entitled "An act amendatory of
existing laws relative to the half dollar, quarter
dollar, dime, and half dime," approved February
21,1852, reported it back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have great deference for the
opinion of the Committee on Finance, and espe-
cially for that of its distinguished chairman, and
if the report of that committee were unanimous,
I probably should not be disposed to press this
matter any further; but I understand there is great
division in the committee on that subject. I should
like to have an opportunity of explaining to the
Senate the provisions of the bill, and my reasons
for introducing it. For that purpose, I move it
be made the special order for Monday, the 15th
instant, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STUAR.T. I hope the Senator will say
one o'clock. We get into confusion by making
special orders for half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. My impression is, that the
bill can be disposed of in half an hour; but I will
say one o'clock. I move that the bill be made
the special order of the day for Monday, the 15th
instant, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL. , r ,
^Mr, HUNTER, The Committee on Finance,
Jo whom was referred the bill (H. R, N0  3)
making appropriations for the payment of invaiid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th June, 1859, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment. , I give
notice that I shall call it up to-morrow or the next
day.
NATIONAt ARMORIES.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also instructed,.by the
Committee on Finance, to report back the bill (H.
R. No. 63) to supply an omission in the enroll-
ment of a certain act therein named, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to act on it af
once. It is to correct an error of the clerk 's in
enrolling the Army appropriation bill of the last
year. The item in relation to the armories was
left out, and this bill is to supply it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The clause of the Army appropriation
act for the year ending June 30,1858, appropri-
ating §300,000 for the " manufacture of arms at
the national armories having been omitted in the
enrollment" of the act, the bill makes an appro-
priation of that sum for that purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read th'e
third time, and passed.
THE AMISTAD CASE.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred so much of the
message of the President of the United States as
relates to the claim made by the Government of
Spain in the case of the schooner Amistad, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 114)
to indemnify the master and owners of theSpan-
ish schooner Amistad and her cargo. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. In behalf of the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] and myself,
as members of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, I submit a minority report, in which the
minority arrive at the conclusion that the claim in
the Amistad case is not supported by the facts or
the Jaw so as to authorize Congress to make pro-
vision for its payment. I move that the minority
report be printed with the majority report.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF LABORERS.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of William J. Walker and others, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. No. 17) explanatory
of the " joint resolution giving an increased com-
pensation to all laborers in the employment of the
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment in the city of Washington," approved
August 18, 1856; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. YULEE. This is a bill explanatory of a
joint resolution passed at the last Congress, which
1 ask may be put on its passage now. I will state
to the Senate its purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senator to the fact that the
hour has arrived for the consideration of the
special order, which is the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. YULEE. Is the morning hour exhausted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for this pur-
pose.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose by general consent
we can proceed with the morning business ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate; but by unanimous con-
sent it may be informally laid aside, or it may be
postponed by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I move that it be postponed for
the present, so that we may proceed with the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us go on with the special
order.
Mr. YULEE. 1 withdraw the request. My
purpose was not a very material one, and I will
not interfere with the desire of the chairman of
the Military Committee to take up his bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I fear a debate will arise on a
hill if taken up at this time. I will yield to the
Senator from Florida, with the understanding that
