1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
between these two points—Breckinridge, at the
confluence of the Bois des Sioux and the Red
River of the North, and Fort Smith on the south.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am very cer-
tain the Senate is not now prepared for a vote on
this subject. I may also say that I am not my-
self prepared to vote on the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri. It reaches, in its ef-
fects, my own State very materially. I have
been disinclined to make any expression of opinT
ion in regard to this subject. I have been so
disinclined in consequence of the fact that I have
really had no time to look into the question hith7
erto since the bill was first reported at this
session. I sincerely desire to look into it some-
what. If I am forced to vote now on the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Missouri,
with the other amendment which has been pro-
posed to it, which makes it still more offensive, I
believe, as far as I am individually concerned, I
shall certainly vote against it. Although I can
imagine very readily that gentlemen from the
State of Missouri may suppose that I might vote
for it, I certainly shall not do so as at present ad-
vised. 1 may be wrong in the impressions that
are on my mind now. I desire to examine the
question; and I have had no opportunity to do so
heretofore. If there is no disposition to discuss
it longer, (and I have not been disposed to cut off
discussion myself, in any way, by making any
motion,) I hope the Senate will adopt the motion
which I beg leave now to submit, that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. Before that question is taken,
I desire to offer some amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is an
amendment and an amendment to an amendment
now pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Further amendments are not now in
order.
Mr. YULEE. Will a postponement interfere
with the special order for to-morrow, the Private
Calendar, which, I think, ought to be then taken
up?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such amotion
interferes wi th no pending question for to-morrow.
Mr. FOSTER. Before the vote is taken I wish
to give notice of an amendment in addition to the
one I moved yesterday, and that is to amend the
seventh section of the bill at the twenty-eighth line
by striking out the residue of the section after the
word "provided" and inserting:
That all the iron necessary to construct said railroad, and
Which may compose the tiack of the same, shall be of
American manufacture.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is a
strong disposition with a number of Senators, as
we have fixed upon the day forthe final adjourn-
ment of Congress, (and I believe it very appro-
priate,) that we shall dispose of some business on
the Private Calendar. To-morrow, it is true, is
the regular day for private bills; but that we may
have some time to consider the question that has
just been postponed, and devote some attention
and study to it, I should like very much to have
an adjournment over until Monday next. With
that view I wish to say that I will proceed directly
to move that we take up the Private Calendar. In
the mean time, I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it.be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that motion will not
prevail. The Private Calendar has not been
touched this session. It contains many cases; and
some of them, within my knowledge, of a very
hard character, which really deserve the attention
of Congress. We have resolved to adjourn finally
on the 7th of June. Unless we sit every day in
the week, and sit agood many hours of each day,
I am satisfied that the public business will not be
done. We ought, as we have agreed to adjourn
on the 7th of June, at least to show a willingness
to work during the time we have left. If we ad-
journ over from Thursday to Monday of every
week, and then adjourn finally on the 7th of June,
two months earlier than is usual, what will the
country say of us? 1 trust the motion will not
prevail. I ask for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr.JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
thinks that, if we adjourn from Thursday until
Monday every week, to the end of the session,
we shall lose a great deal of time. This is not a
proposition of that kind. I do not expect, from
now to the end of the session, to support another
such motion; but we have before 'is a bill which
all the members of the Senate, as far as I under-
stand—and I know very well it is so in regard to
myself—have had no time to consider. It is a sub-
ject of vast importance, and should be thoroughly
investigated,
Mr. IVERSON. The Private Calendar comes
up to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am aware of
that; and I state to the Senator that, if the motion
be adopted to adjourn from Thursday until Mon-
day, which will give us the opportunity I and
others desire to examine the railroad bill, I shall
move to-day to proceed to the consideration of the
Private Calendar. I hope the Senate will then
take up the Private Calendar, and consider it. I
do not look on the Private Calendar, at the pres-
ent time, as so exceedingly urgent that we should
refuse to allow ourselves time to consider so great
and important a public measure as the California
railroad bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, we have been
in session, I think, very nearly four months and
a half. No single day has been devoted to the
Private Calendar in all that time. There has
been ordinarily, early in the session, a resolution
adopted, I do not know but that it is a rule now,
allowing private bills to be considered on Friday
of each week. Days are as important to the othei'
House as weeks are to us. The rules which gov-
ern that body, and the number which constitute
the body, do not allow it to dispose of business
as readily as we ourselves. If, on to-morrow,
we can meet and devote the day to the consider-
ation of private claims, we shall forward them to
that body one week earlier than we shall if we
postpone our action until Friday of next week.
I too, with the Senator from Georgia, can say that
I know thex-e are many cases of private claims of
very great merit—claims which involve an obli-
gation upon us, in my opinion, to consider and
to pass them or to reject them, as our judgment
shall lead us when we have investigated them. I
sincerely hope we shall not adjourn over to-mor-
row. But seven weeks more of the session re-
main, and I had hoped, when we fixed the day of
final adjournment, we should do two things here:
stop making long speeches, and go to work. I
will make no long speech; .1 want to work.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. ISright, Clay. Crittenden, Evans, Fitz-
patriek, Hammond, Johnson ot' Arkansas, Mallory, Mason,
Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Yulec—13.
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Hell, Benjamin, Bigler, Broder-
iclc, Brown, Caiueion, Chandler, Ciark, Col lamer, Dixon,
Doolittle, Durkee, Fesscnden, Fitch, Foot, Fostei, Green,
Cwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Polk, 1'u^h, Seward, Sim-
mons, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, arid Wright
—35.
So the motion was rejected.
KANSAS—"LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION,
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. J. F. Carter, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
vote of the two Houses upon the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
161) for the admission of the State of Kansas into
the Union, and had appointed Messrs. W. H. Eng-
lish, of Indiana, A. II. Stephens, of Georgia,
and VV. A. Howard, of Michigan, as managers
at the conference on its part.
COMMANDER THOMAS J. PAGE.
Mr. MASON. There are two little bills on the
Calendar for the relief of Commander Page, of the
Navy. He is about to leave the country, and I
ask the Senate to take them up. They are very
small in amount. They have been reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they both
passed the Senate at the last session. It is his
earnest desire that they shall be adjusted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. To-morrow is
private bill day, and we shall have all these mat- |
tcrs up then. I move that the Senate do now ad- i
journ. 'I
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will with- I
draw the motion until we pass these bills. They
will not occupy five minutes.
The Senate refused to adjourn.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to, and
the bill (S. No. 160) for the relief of Thomas J.
Page was read a second time, and considered ag
in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to audit and adjust the ac-
count of Commander T. J. Page, of the Navy,
for his expenses in preparing his accounts as act-
ing purser of the United States brig Dolphin; but
the amount to be paid is not to exceed seventy-five
dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. ' I call for the
reading of the report.
Mr. MASON. The report is long, or longer
perhaps than the subject would authorize in this:
Mr. Page, as the commander of the steamer Water
Witch, in South America, was made to act as pur-
ser, and he asked to be allowed a sum of money
to compensate him for that service. The great
body of the report disallows it, and he is not al-
lowed that. lie asked further that he should be
allowed for his expenses in having his accounts
prepared for settlement as purser, and that was
allowed, so the great mass of the report disallows
what he asks. The concluding paragraph is that
which allows what the bill gives him, and if the
Senator desires it, I will read that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would ask
the Senator at what time Commander Page is to
leave the country ? Why is it necessary th?.t we
should take up this bill at this time, out of its
order ?
Mr. MASON. He has been ordered, as prob-
ably the Senator knows, to the same station in
South America where he was before, and is to
leave in the course of a very short time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. When is he to
leave ?
Mr. MASON. I do not know. Probably in
one, two, or three weeks.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then we have
plenty of time to hear the report read. If he were
compelled to leave to-morrow I should be willing
to take the bill on the Senator's word, without
hearing the report.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to its being
read, but it disallows the claim to a great ex-
tent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
reading of the report.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Mallory on the 18th of February:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial of Lieutenant Thomas J. Page, of the United
States Navy, asking to be allowed the pay of a purser for the
time during which lie commanded tiie United States brig
Dolphin, and performed purser's duties on board said ves-
sel, has had the same unij^r consideration, and thereupon
submit the following report:
The memorialist alleges that" in October, 1849, while on
the East India station, he was appointed to the command
of the brig Dolphin, and with the command was united the
appointment also orpurser." He then proceeds to state that
he performed the duties of purser on board said vessel, and
adjusted his accounts with the Government as an acting
purser; and he submits an account ofthe tune so employed,
and for which he claims compensation at the ia£eot $1,500
per annum, making the sum $3,037 99. He does not claim
to have been a jrarser, or to have received any appointment
as purser or as an acting purser, but that lie was appointed
to command the brig, and that " with tiie command was
united the appointment also of purser."
Your committee have given to the memonah=t's claim
very careful examination, with the view of affording him
the relief he seeks, if it can be gianted consistently with the
existing laws and usages of the Navy on the subject; and
your committee is aware that many other officers of this
branch of the public service have occupied similar posi-
tions, and performed similar services, and that their claims
alfO arc involved in irs action.
The records ofthe Navy Department show that for a very
long period it has been the practice of the Secretaiy ofthe
Navy to direct the commanders of brigs, and otiier smaller
vessels, to perform purser's duties, in addition to those of
commander. The duties of supervising the financial con-
cm us of the vessels generally have long been, and still are,
considered incident to the command of such vessels, when
the exigencies of the public service do not admit of their
having a regular purser. Beforethe year 1835, officers com-
manding and thus performing purser's dunes were permit-
ted to purchase their own "slops," &e.,and to charge a
profit upon the articles furnished to theircrews; hut the act
of March 3, 1835, (see Statutes at Large, vol. 4, page 757,)
precluded officers of the Navy from receiving any incidental
allowances, except for traveling expenses, and for the per-
foimance of the duties of a superioi giade. In lieu ofmci-
dental allowances their pay pioper was ureal'} augmented.
As an example, the aggregate pay and subsistence of a lieu-
tenant on sea-service"was raised from $965 to ^KjTS, ana
that of a lieutenant commanding (the case of the memo-
rialist) fiom §1,176 to §1,873; and it was considered thai
