mus
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. jN'o.
420) for the relief of "fames Collier; which was I
read twice by its title, and, with the accompany- ,
in<r papers, referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MALLOEY (at the request of Mr. Hatne, j
who was sick) asked, and by unanimous con- ;
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for the re- ■
lief of Jane Perry; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (No. 48) for the payment of an unexpended
balance to the State of Georgia for militia services;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senate will allow
this resolution to pass at this time. I do not sup-
pose that it will give rise to any debate whatever.
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the joint resolution ?
Mr. IVERSON. I will state it in a moment.
On the 11th of August, 1842, $175,000 was appro-
priated to refund to the State of Georgia amounts
she had paid tq her militia companies called into ;
service in the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee ]
country. Out of that appropriation she has been
refunded all her payments with the exception of ,
$7,112 94, which remains in the Treasury unex-
pended. The State of Georgia has, since the pas-
sage of that act, paid oft" a number of other com-
panies, and filed the claims in the Audnoi's:
office; but the Auditor returns that the money ^
cannot be applied to the payment of tnose com-
panies, or to refund back to the State the amount,
because the act of 1842 limited the payment to the
issued subsequent to the death of the claimant, the title of
such wai rant shall vest in the widow, if ttieio be one, And if
there be no widow, then m the heirs or legatees of the claim-
ant ; and all such warrants, and all ottier warrants issued
pursuant to existing laws, shall be treated as personal chat-
ties, and may be conveyed by assignment of such widow,
hens, or legatees, or by the Ie*ial repre-entative, of the de-
ceased claimant, for the use of such heirs or legatees only.
dment was agreed to, and ordered to
, and the bill to be read a third time,
the third time, and passed.
The
be engros;
It was
e amahd
grossed,
s reajQ tl:
V
CHRISTIAN INDIANS.
Mr. -SEBASTIAN. I desire to ask the Senate
to take up and act on the reconsideration of a little
bill which was objected to by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. King;] and 1 am sure I have his
assent to lake it up. It will be disposed of in a
minute. I understand that the Senator withdraws
his objection, but only wishes to state a fact or
two m regard to it. I move that the Senate take
up the motion of the Senator from New York to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 323)
to confirm the sale of the reservation held by the
Christian Indians, and to provide a permanent
home for said Indians, was passed.
The motion to take up was agreed to; and the
Senate procreded to the consideration of the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote passing the bill.
Mi. KING. A day or two after I made this
motion, I nuked the Senate to take up the ques-
tion of reconsideration, but other business set it
aside, and it was not attended to. When this
bill came up I knew nothing about it, had never
heard of it before, and there was no report and
payments that had "then been made by the State. !• no statement of fact in relation to it It came up
The State has subsequently paid off other com- i on objection day, and 1 thought it hau better lie
nanies: and the obiect of this ioint resolution is ii over for a statement of facts. I he Senator f-iom
panies; and the object of this joint
simply to appropriate the unexpended balance of
the act of 1842 to the amounts the State has paid
since the passage of that law—that is all.
Mr. KING. I think this subject should be
understood. The reasons for the payment may
not have been the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is, I
" Is there objection to the consideration to-day.'"
Mr. KING. I think it had better lie over. I
object to its consideration.
COMMANDER M. F- MAURY.
Mr. MASON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 31) authorizing
Commander M. F. Maury to accept a gold medal
awarded to linn by tin' Emperor of Austria, to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. It. is a very shoi t resolution,
and I ask that it be put upon its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution; which is as follows:
Jicsolrcrt, <Vc., That Commandd M. F. M.mty, of tho
United iSMK's Navy, be, and In; i-> ix-irby, aufhou/,< dtoae-
eppt tlio great ao!ii tncd.i! of* tho .irN and recent!}
presented to hitu by his Mojc&ty tiic Empon.i of Au^u la.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
TITLE TO LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. STUART. I moved to reconsider, a few
days ago, the vote passing the bill (LI. It. No.
300) declaring the title to land warrants in certain
eases. Since that time, the committees of both
Houses have agreed upon a substitute for the first
section. It is very important that the bill shall
be passed now, in order that the amendment may |
be agreed to by the House of Representatives. I
entered the motion to reconsider some days ago. 1
I wish to reconsider the bill that I may oiler this 1
substitute for the first section. It will take no .
more than five minutes. j
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. ;
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senator was or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
The motion was rgrced to.
Mr. STUART. I now move this substitute for
the first section of the bill: j
That when proof ha* ben. or >ha!i hete.iftei b° t.h'd hi ;
the Pension Office, dtuiny tho hier:ni.' e: <i c I.i.i.ruit, estab-
lishing, tu the s<ui>f«uHiou of th.it ohiee, hi-<>i b< i n::!itio
a wairant tor military '-ervioo^. aed ^U'-h warrant h.ts not ,
been, or may not heieafter bo i^ued until aiiei the death of j
the claimant, ami all such variants as have been hoietofoe
Arkansas had a talk with me about it, and mis-
understanding me or supposing that J waived my
objection, he had it considered, but I did not in-
tend to withdraw my objection — ( wanted more
information about it. The bill passed under those
circumstances, and I moved to reconsider. Since j
then I have had a conversation with tiie Senator |
from Arkansas. My opinion is, that the bill
ought to be reconsidered and placed upon the Cal-
endar to take its fate upon such discussion or such
exposition of the facts as shall be made m the
case. I have inquired, as I stated to the gentle-
men interested in it. I would do, of the Delegate
from Kansas about the bill; my objections to its
passage were, that I had soon m the papers a good
many statements about the value of these lands,
and that in such transactions with the Indians,
speculations are jrone into for the purpose of
making money rather than for any public, interest.
I stated to them that I would inquire of him, and
be guided by his opinions. The Delegate from
Kansas states to me that the Indians themselves
are opposed to this sale, that the people in the vi-
cinity are opposed to it, and that the bill ou^ht
not to pass. He stated that the pri^e was not
such as would justify him in making an imputa-
tion of any fraud in relation to the contract or
transaction ; but that it was less than the land was
worth, and that the Indians could get mm e for it,
and that thoy were unwilling to sell if. The sale
was made under some arrangements, I suppose,
which were not entirely legal, or they would not
find it necessary to come to Congress to pass it.
I think it better that the hill should be reconsid-
ered-, and that then, upon a statement of facts, it
should be considered and decided by the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand the Senator
from New York to desire some explanation fiom
I the proper commuteee of the facts of this ease;
i and I will ^ivethem in as brief a manner as pos-
: sible. This little band of Indians, numbering
] some thirty or forty souls in all—halfa dozen fam-
I lhes—occupied, by an arrangement between the
i United States and the Delaware Indians, four sec-
j tions of land, located about live miles from the
: city of Fort Leavenworth.
, Mr. DOUGLAS. Will my friend from Ark-
' ansas pardon me for interrupting him? I know
i the Senator is very familiar with these subjects;
l hut I take it for granted that the Senate will vote
| down the motion for reconsideration without fur-
j ther explanation.
! Mr. SEBASTIAN. I do not wish to lose the
I bill by the unfriendly kindness of talking when
■ the humor of the Senate is in favor of taking the
j question; and I will adopt the suggestion of the
! Senator from Illinois, which I knowhemaksson
a full knowledge of the facts of the case. I just
ask the Senate to take the vote without any fur-
ther explanation. I believe they are pretty well
acquainted with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is:
" Will the Senate reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed
Mr. KING. I had some reasons for believing
that this bill should be reconsidered. My opinion
is that official personages intrusted with the charge
of these matters ought not to be speculators in the
property of the Indians, who are, to some extent,
under their care. The gentleman who was the
purchaser of this land was the district attorney
of Kansas Territory. He was brought into con-
nection with*these people through the position he
occupied, by means of which he was enabled to.
acquirc their confidence. The Delegate tells me
that the Indians themselves are opposed to this
transaction. That the value of these lands is very
considerably beyond the price to be paid, I have
not a doubt. I state that because of the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, that this bill is
to be passed by the Senate without any reference
to the facts of the case, and without any statement
of them. We all know how bills are often got
through the Senate, and through both branches
of the Legislature, simply by the application of
persons who go about to Senators and solicit them
to vote for them; and thus, without any knowl-
edge of the facts, the bills are acted upon by the
two Houses. In this mode, without investiga-
tion, and without discussion, the very worst
forms of bills pass both Houses of Congress. I
thought it was a matter of suspicion m this case
that no report or statement of facts accompanied
the bill. There have been various facts stated to
me; and that there is considerable interest taken
in the passage of this bill, I know from the soli-
citation that has been made to me to waive my
objection, in such a manner as rather to confirm
me in the opinion that substantial and good ob-
jection exists to it.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] was
at one tune opposed to this bill—and he will make
that explanation, if it is desired—on account of
some objection made by a missionary there; but
since that time, I understand, this particular mis-
sionary has been conciliated by an agreement to
pay lnm £,2,300. I do not see why, if that man
has a nsjht to the property, and a contract for it,
he should be constrained to make these payments
to outride parties, to obtain their consent to the
acquisition of his rights. It would seem to me
that instead of being a reason for the passage of
this bill, it would rather be an objection to it.
While 1 have no other knowledge of this case
than such as has come to me incidentally and ac-
cidentally, the more I have seen of it, and the
more I have heard of it, the more I have come to
the belief that it is one of those land speculations
in the neighborhood of Leavenworth that arc not
entitled to tho sanction or consideration of Con-
gress, and that the matter had better be disposed
of in the usual way—by a treaty with the Indians,
i With this explanation, I am of course content
that the Senate shall dispose of it in any way they
may see proper. I have rather regretted, on ac-
count of the unpleasantness of being brought into
collision with anybody, that I had incidentally
said anything about the case; but entertaining these
views, I felt constrained to express them, and to
express my opinions against the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. My attention, as a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, has been
called to this subject, and I believe J understand
it pretty thoroughly, and have examined it wph
some degree of care. When it was first presented
to me it was by some Indian and by a mission-
ary; and I then imbibed a very strong prejudice
against the claim. I thought it was well enough
| to make myself acquainted with both sides, and
[ I had an opportunity of doing so. I thought in
the first instance that perhaps the Moravians, a
very respectable commu nity to whom the mission-
ary belonged, had possessed an advantage with
these few families of Christian Indians, and had
erected buildings for which they wished to be re-
I munerated. The sale was made to Mr. Isaacs
I by the Indians, for it was considered *hat they
I had the right of making sales. The lands had
j been patented to them in their individual, and not
I in their tribal characters, as I understand, with a
