1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2629
right of making a disposition of them; else pat- 1
ents would not have been given to them. They I
are only a few families. The Indians represented
to me at the same time that the missionary was ,
present with them, that the white people had taken '
possession of their lands, that they had fired into !
their houses, that they had killed an Indian in the 1
house of the chief, that their lives were threat- i
ened if they did not immediately leave the land. !
Mr, Isaacs who had been employed by the In-
dians to defend their titles, found it impossible to
retain their lands for them. They had granted per-
mission to some man for a slaughter-pen within
their reservation, and the consequence was, that
so soon as he got there he claimed the right of >
preemption, and said the land belonged to the I
squatters. They have thrust themselves upon it; '
they have slaughtered the timber of the Indians; ;
they have made great waste with their lands, they i
have taken life there, and they are threatening to j
drive the Indians off, and will do so, unless some !
power intervenes for their security, and none are '
there capabic of doing it, bccause they are all in- ;
terested in the common business of possessing
land, right or wrong. • ;
In tins situation, the Indians proposed to make 1
a sale of their [and, and Mr. Isaacs agreed to give j
them all they asked at the time,which was, I think '
some seventeen dollars an acre, $43,000. He made :
a regular purchase; the papers are all in due form. ;
He deposited, as is certified, $40,000 and some '
cents in the Bank of Missouri; thatis there now to
their credit. The Indians stated, or their inter- '
preter for them told me, they wished to realize
their money, and if they could not purchase a
tribal interest with the Delawares, they desncd to ,
go buck to Canada, and situate themselves there.
Mr. Isaacs, as I understand, had an interview !
with the missionary, and the missionary agreed
that if he would pay the Moravians for the price
of their improvements, the cost they had been to ;
them, they would withdraw all objection and be j
satisfied. After that, the missionary, who was 1
heie, and who spoke to me, went to the Mission j
Board in Pennsylvania,ot Bethlehem, I think, and 1
from thence addressed a letter to me, stating thai
if their property was secured ,or they were recom-
pensed for the outlay they had made,$3,300, they ;
would bo perfectly satisfied. Mr. Isaacs deposited '
his obligation. 1 held it m my hands. I handed
it to the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and I believe he has it now.
This is the true state of the ease. I am satis-
fied that these Indians will be dnvenoif; that it
was a liberal puce and a bona j'd: tmnsaction at
the time it was made, and the question now sim-
ply is whether this sale shall be confirmed or these
Indians shall be saciificed, afnd the lands claimed
by preemption, so that they will be unable to lit-
igate m regard to them, and will have to go off
to the Delawares, or somewhere else, without the ,
means of securing an abiding place on earth, and
the rest of them be slaughtered by intruders. The
question is whether this sale shall be ratified; '
whether these few families shall be benefited by ;
the receipt of tins amount of money, so as to en- ,
able them to purchase a location amongst the Del-
aware^ or return to Canada. This pale is to be
conliimed under the sanction of the Secretary of ;
the Interior, so as to secure to the Indians the ■
realization of this contract. That is the way I un- ,
dotstand it, and I believe lam literal in the stue- j
ini nt i have made of the facts. I will say to my j
fi'jend from New Yoik that I really intend no col-
lision, no controversy. I urn s msned he was ac- ;
tuated by the purest motives. 1 cim sure thft his :
prejudice was not, stronger than mine was, until |
I examined into and investigated the case. It was ■
referred to the Indian Committee; and I believe !'
th'y weie muted in opinion that it was a fair, 1
hniMifidc ttansaeuon, to bo executed in good faith; !
that U was liberal at the time the land was pur- j
chased, and that no injustue was done to the in- :
dians whatever. That is my candid opinion. ,j
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to. i
BRITISH AGGRESSIONS. j
Mr. HUNTER. I move now to postpone ah !
pnor ordci s, for the purpose ot taking up the ci v il ;
appropriation lull. _ :
Mr M \SON. 1 think my colleague is rather 1
e\";!'-tm.! wnh nis appropriation bill. The morn-
ing !imil, i y general understanding, if not by res- >-
olutioiij does not terminate till one o'clock. I o
want, and I ask his permission to do so, if I am
obliged to do it, to call up the resolutions of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, with reference
to British aggressions on our commerce, that they
may be made the order of the day for Saturday.
I hope he will allow me to do that.
Mr. HUNTER. If I withdraw the motion for
one, I shall have to withdraw it entirely.
Mr. MASON. If debate ensue on it, I shall
have to withdraw it.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw ray motion.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the resolutions of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, in reference to
British aggressions m the Gulf of Mexico, be made
the special order for Saturday, for twelve o'clock,
to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. HUNTER. I have noohjection, if we get
through with the appropriation bills, but I am
opposed to making any special orders to take pre-
cedence of them.
Mr. MASON. I consider it my duty to the
country, as well as to the Senate, to make this
motion. If we aie to adjourn on the day agreed
upon, I think it is indispensable that these resolu-
tions should be disposed of one way or the other.
I will vary the time, and make it one o'clock on
Saturday instead of twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on taking up the resolutions.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Vngnna to
make them the special oider for one o'clock on.
Saturday, to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows:
YHYS—Ali''n, Da\md, Hell, ttenj.iinm. Pule;,
Poow ii, ('lineman, Cnnenden, I)u\ i< . Drui'jl:^. Fitcli, i* it?;-
paincK. (ii 'jui, <*u in, Hammond, Hou-ton, jvewni. K<mi-
n< <lv, M.i'-.-Hi, Polk, ifnul. Sebastian, tfiidell, Tliom-on of
Kentucky., Thomson oi'New Jeif-cy, Toomlv*, Wmiit, <iwl
Yuk-o—
NA VS—"Wes^ts. Biiaht, Pnodoisek. (;nm,.,ton,(,laik, Col-
ianior, i)i\:on, Dnrkec, Fe^-eruWi. Fooi.rosiei, Hale, 1 l.en
int. Hat km, Johnson of Ai knii-a--. John-.en of Tenne^-re.
Jo'icc,. ivnijT. Poareo, Ptigh, ^ewaid, ^million-. Tiuuibiili,
Wade, and Wilson—
So the motion was agreed to.
BILL3 BECOME LAAVS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. IIexey, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day appioved and
signed the following acts and resolutions:
.An act to provide foi the location of certain
confirmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
sou. i, and for other purposes;
An act to vest the title to certain warrants for
land in Geoige M. Gordon;
A resolution to correct an error in a certain act
approved May 11, 18,38; and
A resolution for the adjustment of difficulties
with the Republic of Paraguay.
DAILY" ltECESS.
Mr. ALLEN". I propose that the daily session
shall commence at ten o'clock in the morning,
and close at six, for the rema-nder of th<- session.
We see hew little was done last evening by hav-
ing a night session; and we shnll get as many
horns for business by the arrangement I propose
as by coming m the evening.
Mr. IIUNTER. I must object to that. If we
meet at ten o'clock, what time will the Commit-
tee on Finance have to prepare bills? Tie- com-
mittee have now to meet at half pa^t nine o'c'oek,
and it takes us until eleven o'clock to piepau
business.
Mr ALLEN. The committee can meet after
six o'clock in the evening; or, as the mornings
are very long, they can rise a little eatieT than
usual for three or four days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a proposition to
change the rules; and,if objection be made,itcan-
not be done without a dav's notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses jt to be in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tf objected to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
passed the other day w.e-, that a recess should be
taken tor the remeinder of the s.'^.io.i until oth-
erwise ordered by th^ The, motion of
the Senator fion i!hoirt JH.-uid is to change it.
Mr. FESoENDEN. My uoj^euon wa>, chat
it became a rule, and therefore a day's notice
must be given before if could he changed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. ALLEN. I think we shall do business
better by the course I propose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate meet at ten o'clock, and
adjourn at six o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
Mr. STUART. That motion cannot be made
to-day, except by unanimous consent. It changes
the time of meeting. There must be notice given
of it for one day. It changes the rules of the"Sen-
ate, in that respect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Michigan be good enough to suggest what
rule he refers to ?
Mr. ALLEN. I propose, then, that we meet
at eleven o 'clock, and sit until six o'clock.
Mr. STUART. To that I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate meet at eleven o'clock,
and adjourn at six o'clock, until otherwise or-
dered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would inquire whether,
under such an order as that, it would not be the
duty of the Chan, when six o'clock came, to ad-
journ the Senate without motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then our evening sessions
might be brokui up from this time forwaid through
the rest of the session.
The VirE PRESIDENT. It will he in the
power of the Senate to make any order if chooses.
Mr. COLLAMER. Wo should have to make
a new order.
Air. BAYARD. As regards the time of ad-
journment, it seems to me it is a subject for the
decision of the Senate depending upoii the siate
of the business at the time the motion to adjourn
is made. We should not piescnbe hefmehand an
arbittary hour at which to adjourn, without ief-
erenee to the Ntate of the business. vVc might be
jus:t on tim o of the close of n debate on a bill.
1 do not think any hour of adjournment ought to
be fixed except by the wdl of the Senate on the
part'.culm* day.
Mr. ALLEN. I withdtew my motion; and in-
stead ol it, 1 move simply to lescind the oidcr for
a recess.
All. HUNTER. I nseiely wish to say, in re-
gaid to thai, that I em willing to abide by the
sense of the Senate, wi> itover it is, and in what-
ever mode they think they can tiansaet the busi-
ness with mosf eomfoit. Aly own opinion is, that
j if is best to take a recess; but I have no feeling
j about it, provided tie y give us time to work in
1 commit!"e. I object to met ting sooner than eleven,
j Mr. G WIN. If the Senator will say fiom and
, after to-dav, I think it will be better,
i Mr. nOtJ.SfON. I only wish to lemark to
: the chauman of the Committee on Finance, that
: perhaps the morning bosince,-j will occupy time
j until he will have ample opportunity of attending
! to the bus)nes^ of the eominittoe; and the Senate
could go on while the committee would be in their
room at'ending to matteis. If the meeting at an
, e\rher h'uu would nnf, in terfei e withth" eommit-
■ tee, I ;n,,k<> th.it sn'/imHton. I rea'ly think a re-
c"-;s is not Javiuanie to the progiess of business.
1 We have tii'-d it for many yecus.
I Ah. COLLAMER. Do 1 undeistand that the
motum now is to meet at ten o'clock, and have
no reoeps ?
Air. ALLEN. To meet at eleven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
r-'f^im! so much of the orderof the Senate as pro-
vides fiir a lecc^s from four to six o'clock.
Air. COLLAMER. That is all the order there
, is*, and the simple question is whether we shall
rescind that order.
A'lr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
! yeas and nays; and the)7" weie ordeied.
, " Mi. COLLAMER. That we must have night
sessions from this time forward is perfectly cer-
tain. Now, the whole question is, shall we have
them with a recess or without it * It seems to me
, to be perfectly clear that, by obtaining dinner <xt
■ some reasonable and usual hour, we shall be much
i more hkely propctly to discharge our business at
evening sessions than we shall without.
The "question being taken b^ yeas and nays,
, resulted—yeas neys 23; as follows
Yi;A— Aih ii. iJ,v aid, l.AL C-iie.,
