1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'#=
567
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
retary of any incorporated company owning a
steamboat or vessel," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, be, and the
same is hereby repealed.
Approved, June 11, 1858.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of Settlers
on certain Lands in the State of Illinois.
JSe it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That every settler on any of the public
lands heretofore selected by [the] State of Illi-
nois, but which have not been confirmed to said
State, under the provisions of the act of fourth
September,eighteen hundred and forty-one, who
settled thereon in good faith prior to the passage
of this act, shall be entitled to preempt their re-
spective claims by legal subdivisions, not to ex-
ceed one hundred and sixty acres in a compact
body, at the ordinary minimum of one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre, unless within the six-
mile limits of any railroad grant, and in that case
at the usual double minimum of two dollars and
fifty cents per acre: Provided, Such settlers shall
establish their rights according to the rules and
regulations prescribed under the provisions of the
act of fourth September, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, and pay for the same within three
months from the date of the publication of this act
by the register of the proper district: Provided,
That no declaratory statement shall be required
to be filed by such settlers.
Approved, June 11, 1858.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Act to change the Time of
holding the Spring Term of the District Court
of the United States for the Western District
of the State of Texas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assenMed, That from and after the passage of this
act the term of the district court of the United
States for the western district of the State of
Texas, held at Tyler, in said district, on the first
Monday in March of each year, be, and the same
is hereby, changed to the fourth Monday in April
of each year.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That all writs,
recognizances, and process of all kinds already
issued, taken, or made, or that may be issued,
taken, or made returnable at the time hitherto
appointed for the term of the said court, shall be
considered, taken, and held as made returnable
to the term of said court, as herein provided.
Approved, June 11, 1858.
Chap. CXLVIII— An Act for the Relief of cer-
tain Purchasers of Lands within the limits of
the Choctaw Cession of eighteen hundred and
thirty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be authorized, and he is hereby re-
quired, to cause patents to be issued on all cer-
tificates for entries made within the limits of the
Choctaw cession of eighteen hundred and thirty,
at less than the true graduation price, which were
issued prior to the reception, by the local land
officers, of the true graduation lists, where such
certificates and entries are regular in all other
respects; any law to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Approved, June 11, 1858.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, three million eight hundred and five
thousand four hundred and five dollars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers, and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to vessels for sea service,
nine hundred and forty-one thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
fineer and marine corps, thirty-two thousand one
undred and fifty dollars.
For increase, repair, armament, and equipment
of the Navy, including the wear and tear of ves-
sels in commission, fuel for steamers, and pur-
chase of hemp for the Navy, two million eight
hundred and fifty thousand dollars: Provided,
That there shall not be purchased any larger
quantity of hemp of foreign growth for the use
of the Navy than shall be required to meet the
deficiency in the supply of the American article,
as reported to the Navy Department, from quar-
ter to quarter, by the agents appointed to procure
the article of American growth: Provided further,
That hemp of American growth of like quality
can be purchased at the same price as hemp of
foreign growth.
For ordnance and ordnance stores and small
arms, including incidental expenses, five hundred
and ninety-eight thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising ill
newspapers, books, maps, models, and drawings,
purchase and repair of fire-engines and machinery,
repairs of, and attending to, steam-engines in
navy-yards, purchase and maintenance of horses
and oxen, and drawing teams, carts, timber-
wheels, and the purchase and repairs of work-
men 's tools, postage of public letters, fuel, oil, and
candles for navy-yards and shore stations, pay
of watchmen and incidental labor, not chargeable
to any other appropriation, transportation to, and
labor attending the delivery of provisions and
stores on foreign stations, wharfage, dockage, and
rent, traveling expenses of officers and others
under orders, funeral expenses, store and office
rent, stationery, fuel, commissions and pay of
clerks to Navy agents and storekeepers, flags,
awnings, and packing boxes, premiumsand other
expenses of recruiting, apprehending deserters,
per diem pay to persons attending courts-martial
and courts of inquiry, and other services author-
ized by law, pay to judges-advocate, pilotage and
towage of vessels, and assistance to vessels in dis-
tress, bills of health, and quarantine expenses of
vessels of the United States Navy in foreign ports,
eight hundred and ninety-seven thousand six
hundred dollars: Provided, That the expenditures
under the foregoing appropriations shall lie so
accounted for as .to show the disbursements by
each bureau, under each respective appropriation.
Marine Corps.—For pay of the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,
clerks, messengers, stewards, and servants, for
rations and clothing for servants, subsistence and
additional rations for five years' service of officers,
for undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for
reenhstments, and pay for unexpired terms of
previous service, three hundred and ninety-five
thousand five hundred and seventy-eight dollars
and twenty-six cents.
For provisions for marines serving on shore,
sixty-four thousand three hundred and thirteen
dollars.
For clothing, sixty-six thousand five hundred
and twelve dollars.
For fuel, twenty thousand seven hundred and
fifty-six dollars and seventy-five cents.
For military stores, viz: repair of arms, pay
of armorers, purchase ofaccouterments, ordnance
stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other instruments,
and one theusand rifled muskets, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks and rent of offices where
there are no public buildings for that purpose,
eight thousand dollars.
To pay the contractors for building cisterns,
erecting porticoes to commandant's house and
officers' quarters, to complete porticoes on the
men's quarters, pavements and curb to command-
ant's house and officers' quarters of the marine
barracks at Pensacola, Florida, (lo as fully to
complete said marine garrison,) sixteen thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
cartage, and wharfage, compensation to judges-
advocate, per diem for attending courts-martial,
courts of inquiry, and for constant labor, house
rent in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased marines,
printing, stationery, postage and telegraphing,
apprehension of deserters, oil, candles, gas, for-
age, straw, furniture, bed-sacks, spades, shovels,
axes, picks, and carpenters' tools, keep of a horse
for the messenger, and pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at hospital headquarters, and
for the purchase of a fire-engine for the use of the
marine barracks at headquarters, thirty-two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
navy-yards.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several navy-
yards, viz:
Portsmouth, Mew Hampshire.—Formooringpiers
for dock, extending stables, completion of dock
basin, repairs of floating-dock, and repairs of all
kinds, fifty-two thousand two hundred and fifteen
dollars.
Boston.—For reservoirs, boiler-house, chimney
and boilers at rope-walk, altering tar-kettles, ma-
chinery and bobbins for rope-walk, to complete
machine-shop, and for machinery for machine-
shop and foundery, extension of dry-dock, and
repairs of all kinds, two hundred and three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
JVcio York.—For boiler-house and settingboilers,
water-pipes, drains, quay walls, sewer extended
to quay wall, boiler to dredger, timber basin,
repairs of oakum-shop, filling ponds in yard,
dredging channel and scows, piling site for marine
barracks, machinery for machine-shop, boiler-
shop, saw-mill, foundery, smithery, and brass
foundery, and repairs of all kinds, two hundred
and sixty-nine thousand five hundred and sixteen
dollars; and the amount heretofore appropriated
for coal-house may be applied to the completion
of the store-house.
Philadelphia.—For extendinggun-carriage shop,
additional story to plumber'sshop, dredging chan-
nels, and repairs of dredger, repairs of dry-dock,
and repairs of all kinds, ninety-seven thousand
two hundred and fourteen dollars.
Washington.—For extension of navy store, for
anchor-shop and coal-houses, pavements, drains
and gutters, machinery and tools, and repairs of
all kinds, ninety-nine thousand one hundred dol-
lars.
Norfolk.—For continuation of quay wall, com-
pleting victualling establishment, completing grad-
ing arid drainage, dredging channels, continuing
ship-house number forty-eight, to be built of iron
or wood as may be deemed expedient, machinery
and tools, completing reservoir, completing car-
penters' shop and repairs of all kinds, two hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand eight hundred and
eight dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase tools and furnish the machine-shop and
foundery at the Norfolk navy-yard, twenty thou-
sand .dollars.
Pensacola.—For continuing granite wharf, re-
pairing and operating dock, filling and paving
around dock basin, dredging in front of basin,
repairs of railways, completing water pipes to per-
manent wharf, completingfoundery, constructors'
workshop, cistern at machine-shop, trip-hammer
for smithery, blast pipes, and repairs of all kinds,
two hundred and forty-seven thousand three hun-
dred and sixty-five dollars.
Mare Island, California.—For guard-house num-
ber seventy-three, tar and pitch-house number
seventy-four, two cisterns number forty-nine,
grading, paving, continuing wharf, foundery, and
boiler establishment, gas works, and Bishop's
derrick, three hundred and seventeen thousand
nine hundred and seventy-one dollars.
hospitals.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs of the several naval
hospitals:
Boston. —For repairs of buildings and grounds,
three thousand dollars.
That the Secretaries of the Treasury and Navy
be, and they are hereby, authorized and lequiied
