1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Mr. BAYARD. That bill was before the Sen-
ate on a former occasion. It was under consid-
eration; the report was read. I hope it -will not
be passed orer now.
Mr. CLAY. It will come up to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. Why not let it come up now ?
Mr. CLAY. Because I wish to read the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A single ob-
jection carries it over under the order of the
Senate.
AGATHA O'BRIEN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 101) for the
relief of Mrs. Aeatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet
Major J. P.J. O'Brien, late of the United States
Army.
It provides for the payment to Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, of such sums of money as may be found
due to her late husband, as captain of artillery,
from the 31st of December, 1849, when he was
last paid, to the 31st of March, 1850, the day of
his death, and for balancing his accounts on the
books of the Treasury.
The memorialist states " that her late husband
was assistant quartermaster United States Army
from 1847 to the time of his death, and, as such,
disbursed large sums of public money at various
places, particularly at Camargo, Mexico, and In-
dianola, Texas. While actually in the perform-
ance of his duties, he was seized with cholera and
died after a few hours'illness, at Indianola, on
March 31, 1850, necessarily leaving his accounts
in a very unsettled condition. Upon a settlement
of his accounts at the Treasury, a balance of about
seven hundred dollars stands charged against him,
while his pay and emoluments, for the quarter end-
ing on the day he died, are to his credit, $335 50.
The memorialist prays for the passage of an act for
her relief, directing the balance to the debit of her
late husband be canceled, and that the quarter's
pay duo him on March 31,1850, be paid to him.,,
The Military Committee, in investigating this
case, find the facts to be substantially as stated in
the memorial, cxcept that Major O'Brien is also
largely indebted to the United States, since 1847,
on property account. But in view of the circum-
stances of his sudden death; that he was ever zeal-
ous and scrupulous in the discharge of his duty;
that he was a brave and gallant officer; that he
leaves a widow and children in a destitute condi-
tion, they report a bill for the relief of the memo-
rialist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS PHCENIX, JR.
The bill (S. No. 102) for the relief of Thomas
Phoenix, jr., was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to authorize the Secretary of War
to pay to Thomas Phoenix, jr., during the time he
was acting as paymaster's clerk, in the employ-
ment of i). Randall, deputy paymaster general,
the sum of three dollars a day, deducting there-
from the sum of $500 per annum already received
by him.
The petitioner, during the war with Mexico,
was employed by D. Randall, deputy paymaster
general, as his clerk, and received his regular pay
of $500 per annum for a little more than two years.
The disbursements of the deputy paymaster gen-
eral at New Orleans were very heavy, and would
have justified the employment of extra clerks.
The expense of additional clerks, however, was
saved to the Government by the extraordinary
efforts of the petitioner, under the assurances of
the deputy paymaster that he should be allowed an
increased compensation for these services, which
increased compensation has been allowed to many
other paymasters' clerks under the same circum-
stances. The justice and equity of this claim are
acknowledged by the paymaster general and by
the Secretary of War. The latter officer admits
that if Colonel Randall had paid the increased
compensation now claimed, it would have been
allowed by the Department, as being in strict ac-
cordance with law.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
SIMON DE VISSER AND JOSE YILLARUBIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
103) for the relief of Simon de Visser and Jose
Villarubia, of New Orleans.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have written to New Or-
leans for some information on the subject of this
bill; and if it be of the character I expect, it is
probable I shall interpose no objection. I should
like it to go over to-aay, with the consent of the
Senator who reported it. "J ask that it be passed
over until to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of course; with the under-
standing that it be taken up to-morrow, it may
go over. 1
Mr. SLIDELL. I am not satisfied at present
that it ought to pass, but I think that in a few
days I shall be able to say to the Senator from
Georgia, that I have no objection. Let it go over
until to-morrow.
The bill was
O. H. BERRYMAN AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
108) from the Court of Claims, for the relief of O.
H. Berryman and others.
Mr. IVERSON. That is objected to.
MOSES NOBLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
109) from the Court of Claims for the relief of
Moses Noble.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that.
JOHN M'VEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 53) for the relief of John McVey, which had
been reported upon adversely by the Committee
on Pensions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ordinary
question in these cases is on the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill. The Chair will put that
question if no objection be made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If there is a
report in regard to it let it be read. I have no ob-
jection to its being rejected, if there is no good
ground on which to support the bill; but I should
like to hear the report, stating the reasons of the
committee for their action.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over.
LIEUTENANT NATHANIEL "WEEKS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
JNo. 113) for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Nathaniel Weeks, deceased.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
AMISTAD CASE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 114) to indemnify the master and owners of
the Spanish schooner Amistad and her cargo.
Mr. FOOT objected to the bill; and it w
passed over.
J. HOSFORD SMITH.
The next was the bill (S. No. 115) for the relief
of J. Hosford Smith.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] to this
bill. I think a bill for the same purpose was re-
ferred only yesterday to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; let this bill be passed-
over. Yesterday a similar proposition was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and I sup-
pose is under their consideration now.
The bill was laid aside.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, next
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 116) for the
relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, of the District of
Columbia. It proposes to place his name on the
pension roll at six dollars a month from Septem-
ber 4, 1856, to continue during his life, in lieu of
his present pension.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report in that case.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it lie over,
then.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN SGOTT AND HIS SURETIES.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 118) for the
relief of John Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel
! O. House.
I Its design is to release John Scott, principal,
! and Hill W. House and Samuel O. House, sure-
i ties, from a judgment recovered against them by
the United States, on the 4th of April, 1855, in
the district court for the northern district of Flor-
ida, upon a contract awarded to John Scott, for
carrying the mail upon route No. 3503, from New
Orleans to Key West, from January 15, 1853, to
June 30, 1855.
Mr. HALE. I should like to hear the reason
for that bill. Let the report be read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let it lie over
if the reading of the report is called for.
Mr. YULEE. The report is very brief, and I
presume the Senator from Arkansas will have no
objection to its reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Yulee on the 2d of February:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memorial of John Scott, beg leave
to report:
That the memorialist seeks relief from a judgment ob-
tained against him and his sureties for failing to carry into
operation a contract for the conveyance of the mail on route
No. 3503, from New Orleans to Key West.
It appears that, in 1852, an advertisement was issued in-
viting proposals for conveyingthe mail by sea between New
Orleans and Key West, and that the contract was awarded
to the said Scott for the sum of $20,000.
The route was a new one, and never having been in op-
eration, it was difficult to estimate the worth of the service,
and the sum proposed by Scott proved, by the subsequent
experience of the Department, to be vastly less than was
necessary for the support of the route.
Tins fact, however, is not adverted to as a basis for the
relief of the petitioner, but as explanatory, in part, of the
difficulty he experienced in organizing the means to carry
lus contract iftto effect as promptly as might otherwise have
been practicable. Immediately upon being informed that
the contract was awarded to him, the petitioner proceeded
diligently to prepare for its execution ; and, m his efforts to
obtain steamships suitable for the purpose, he visited New
Orleans, and all the principal northern cities as far as Port-
land. Finding it impossible to obtain suitable steamers at
any reasonable price, and the limited interval for commenc-
ing service not affording time to build them, he applied for,
and obtained, an extension of time until the 1st of March.
He alleges, further, that, having been unfortunately taken
sick at Washington, he was unable to continue his eftbits,
and did not succeed in effecting an arrangement for a suit-
able steamer until the middle of March, when he arranged
with Captain Montgomery, who had a new steamer nearly
completed at Baltimore, and informed the Depaitmcnt of
the arrangement, and that the service would be commenced
in five weeks.
Before the expiration of that time, the Department gave
the contract to Samuel S. Green, for $2S,000 per annum,
and instituted a suit against the petitioner for damages,
which suit resulted in the judgment from which he seeks
relief.
The contract was made December 9, 1852, and required
the commencement of service on the 15th of January fol-
lowing, an interval of only five weeks. The petitioner ap-
pears to have employed that very brief time diligently in tiie
endeavor to obtain a suitable steamer, and having failed,
obtained an extension of six weeks more; but, in the mean-
while, being prostrated by sickness, he was disabled from
pursuing Ins object, and did not effect an arrangement until
a few days after the expiration of the tune.
Upon an investigation of the history of the service since
that tnne, it appears that no real damage was caused to
the Government, for the price at which the contract was
awarded would have been totally insufficient to sustain the
service.
It seems that the contract was transferred, first, to James
C. Green, for $28,000 per annum, who, after performing the
service very irregularly for a few months, failed, and it was
relet to W. C. Templeton, for .$42,000, who also performed
the service very irregularlv; that it was afterwards let to
E. G. ltogers & Co., for $41,000, who also failed, and the
contract was successively refused by two parties at $48,000;
that it was then let to J. M. Howell & Co , for $'70,000, who
likewise failed to put the service in operation ; afterwards
to John I?. Camden, at the same late, who failed; and,
finally, to the present contiactors for $70,000, and no dam-
ages have been sought against either of these other parties.
Taking into view that the route is a new one, and that it
w«is, therefore, difficult to estimate the proper value of the
service ; that the petitioner proceeded in perfect good faith,
and with great activity and devotion, and at a good deal of
peisomil expense, to give effect to his engagement; and
that his failure to commence the service within the brief
time allotted, was owing to a providential visitation, which
prixtiated him with sickness in the midstof his efforts; and
that he had, m fact, notified the Department of his having
made suitable arrangements before the contract was trans-
ferred to Green ; and considering, further, that the experi-
ence of the service has demonstrated that it was not possible
to be perfoimed for any sum approaching that at which
the contract was awaided ; and that no damages have been
sought against any of the subsequent failing contractors, the
committee have deemed it a suitable case for the applica-
tion of a just public clemency, and accordingly recommend
a remission of the penalty recovered against the petitioner.
A bill to that effect is herewith reported, and its passage
recommended by the committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DAVID MYERLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S,
No. 120) for the relief of David Myerle.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that go over
