1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' could not bear a difference with friends, as I never
yet have seen the time when I cared in the least
for unkind or hostile reproaches from my enemies.
But, sir, I shall not imitate the example of my
honorable friend, for I think he himself will come
to the conclusion that, so far as the special objects
which he and 1 have in view are concerned, it would
have been quite as well to indulge me in an expla-
nation of the reasons why I dissented from the
course which he had adopted for his government,
and to let it pass without being signalized asa great
difference calculated to divide great bodies of men
■who follow his load, or my own, or that of some
other man.
I have not one word of complaint or reproof
for the honorable Senator. I must, however, say
for myself that I am not influenced by the appeal
which the honorable Senator makes to me in re-
fard to the success of the party of which he speaks.
ir, I have been some twenty years, more or less,
in the public service, here and in my own State.
Since I have been here I think every word that I
have uttered in this Chamber has been recorded
in books, and will go down to history; and so of
a large portion of what I uttered ill other places.'
I think I may claim that, when ten years shall
have passed over the debates of to-day, when ten
years of rest shall have been allowed to me after
■ my service here shall have been completed, there
will be no man living who, with the records all
open before him, will be able to teil whether I be-
longed to one party or another. No, sir; I know
nothing, I care nothing—I never did, I never shall,
for party. I should be unfit to be here if 1 had
not learned to postpone my own advantage to that
of the respective and honored friends with whom
I cooperatein public life; and if I had notlearned
to postpone their advantage and their benefit to
the greater good of my whole country. If there
is a reproach that is more proverbial against me
throughout this land than any other, it is, that 1
dare postpone the good of the whole country
under a false and demoralizing Administration, to
the rights and interests of mankind under the
laws of eternal truth and justice. Sir, I am not
to bedeterred from giving an honest vote by any
fear of the party with which I act going down.
I have a different idea about parties going down.
I,have a different idea abou-r'men going down.
Th'ey are not thrown down by false analogies.
The honorable Senator has referred to a great
statesman, now dead, who, for a large portion of
his life, led the vanguard of the army of freedom
—of freedom in the Territories, of freedom in the
States; and who, on the great day when the con-
test came to a decisive issue, surrendered that great
cause here in his place, and derided the proviso of
■freedom, the principle of the ordinance of 1787.
The Senator considers this analogous to my case,
because here I think five thousand soldiers not
too many, and he thinks five thousand less just
enough. Thatisall. If the question was, whether
one hundred thousand should be the standing
Army, we should both be against it. If the ques-
tion was whether it should be five thousand, we
should both vote in favor of that number. There
is no principle in this dispute. It is a question of
the application of great principles.
Now, I may say for myself, in regard to this
point, that having had a sense more profound,
perhaps, than others have conceived, for twenty
years of my life, that it belonged to somebody to
restore the equilibrium of freedom, which was
depressed in the scales held by this Government
so as to give slavery a preponderating balance, I, I
with as isauch power and ability as I have, have >
devoted myself to cooperate with the honorable j
Senator, and all others who might engage in that
great and beneficent enterprise. I kneV, sir, that
there would be times when I should have to stand
alone. I saw him stand alone; and I think the
first ally who came to his side here was myself,
which meeting could not be accomplished until
one greatState of the Union had been revolution-
ized, so as to produce a combination in favor of
bis purposes and mine, his principles and mine.
I knew that I should have to stand alone; I have .
stood often alone; but I have never complained of;
it,and Ido notnow'. I knewthat in standing alone '
in this cause I exposed myself to a danger which
easily besets the r'eformer; and that danger is, that
the sense of injustice, the sense of isolation, will
make him sometimes unjust, unwise, partisan,
and factious. The danger of every reforming
party is t!ie danger of seeking to build itself up
by drawing in false, spurious, and collateral is-
sues, having nothing whatever to do with the
main question. I am sorry to say, but I must say
it, that my experience has only shown that there
was, in the position which I have occupied, an
exposure to this great danger of being beset to cut
down this measure of the Administration here;
cut off the head cf this appointee of the Admin-
istration there; defeat the Administration on this
appropriation for a railroad; defeat the Adminis-
tration upon this measure of organization; cut off
the supplies of the clerks in some of the Depart-
ments; refuse to give to those who will not vote
for your measures and your policy your support
for measures to which they may.be attached.
I determined, knowing that I was exposed to
this danger, that with the grace of God I never
would be found wanting m my place to assert
and maintain my principles, and the measures
and policy which were to carry them out; and on
the other hand, that when I should retire from
the Senate there should be no man living who
could charge that I had ever given a vote influ-
enced by passion or prejudice against the interests
and fame and honor of my whole country. If I
have riot.been unsuccessful, J have done this. That
is just what I am doing now, and'the result will
be just the same when we reach the end of this
matter.
I remember that an excellent friend, half a dozen
years ago, solicited me to lend my aid and my name i
to the organization of the American party, because '
it was nccessaiy to give success to the principles
of freedom which otherwise would be lost without
it. " Well," I said, " suppose I should, what
would be gained?" "Well, then, your cause
would prevail, and you yourself would be ele-
vated to a place,-' much higher than I dare speak i
of. " But," said I, " that movement is ephem-
eral; it will last only to-morrow, and how is the
party to be relieved from the consequences of the
falseness of its position then >" '' Oh," said he,
" we will look for you to do that." I was to lead
them in and I was to lead them out!
I have but one word more to say, and I shall not
detain the Senate. I am very sorry that the faith
of the honoiable Senator from New Hampshire is
less than my own. He apprehends continual dis-
aster. He wants this battle continued and fought
by skirmishes, and to deprive the enemy of every
kind of supplies. Sir, I regard this battle as al-
ready fought; it is over. All the mistake is that
the honorable Senator and others do not know it.
We arc fighting for a majoiity of fiee States.
There are already sixteen to fifteen; and whatever
the Administration may do—whatever anybody
may do—before one year from this time we shall i
be nineteen to fifteen. If that is so, what danger
are we exposed to ! It is that the free States will
nevertheless go for slavery. If they will, that is a
matter that we are not to help in this way. I do
not believe that either. I think it is simply a ques-
tion whether the Administration shall surrender, (
and grant freedom to Kansas, under the consti-
tution of her choice, or whether they shall break
their necks m resistance to it. The resultis pre-
cisely the same in either way; and I come to my
conclusion, notwithstanding I am so unfortunate '
as to differ from my honornblc friend, that it. is
the safest side to vote the men and the money to
save the lives and property of the American peo-
ple.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary,
communicating a duly certified copy of the con-
stitution of Kansas, framed by the convention
recently assembled at Lecompton.
Mr. MASON. I ask that the message which
has just been received may be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate now to receive the message from the
President of the United States ? The Chair hears
no objection.
The Secretary read the message.
Mr. BICLER. Mr. President, I do not know
that the reading of this message is to lead to dis- |
cussion. I certainly do not intend to initiate a
discussion. I rise for the purpose of submitting i
the usual motion, which I hope may guard the i
Senate against the embarrassments which have I
surrounded us under similar circumstances. If
this message is to be printed at all, it is important'
that it be printed promptly. I intend to submit
a motion that the message be printed, and then aj
motion that the constitution be referred to the
Committee on Territories. The first proposition
can be dispersed of, and, if discussion is to come
up, letitbe onthe question of reference. I move
that the message be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose one motion will
cover the whole—that the message and documents
be referred to the Committee on Territories, arid;
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to print"
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BIGLER. I suggest that by common con-
sent the usual number be printed, without refer-
ence.
Mr. SEWARD. Letitbe printed, by common
consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. After the message is referred,
I have a paper to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Therule is imper-
ative; but by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, the printing may be ordered without a refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am unwilling that this
paper shall pass from the consideration of the
Senate without any further notice. I look on it
as a perverted and incorrect history, from the be-
ginning to the end, of the difficulties in Kansas.
It is repeated again, I know, for we have had this'
history detailed here in this same light a number
of times before. Assuming the positions this pa-
per does, as I understand from hearing it read by
the Secretary, I am unwilling that it shall be or-
dered to be printed and be referred, and pass from
the consideration of the Senate at this time, with-
out putting in my disclaimer, at least, against the
monstrous doctrines avowed, and the monstrous
perversions of fact that are embodied in it. Even
from this imperfect hearing of it I am able to per-
ceive that it is inconsistent with itself. Why, sir,
it is recommended, if I understand the document,
that Kansas be admitted into the Union under
what is called the Lecompton constitution, upon
the ground that even if that constitution be in vio-
lation of the will of the people of Kansas, the Le-
gislature which convenes under the constitution
may provide at once for its change; and yet the
author of that declaration tells you that the act
of a Legislature, convened in pursuance of law,
which ordered an election to be taken upon this
very constitution, before it went into effect, to de-
termine whether the people of Kansas would have
it or not, is a nullity. What,sir! Thelegitimate
Legislature of Kansas has no authority to prevent a
constitution from going into force,and has author-
ity, the day after it is in force, to provide for de-
claring it a nullity! Upon what principles can
such doctrines be maintained? If this constitu-
tion, when adopted, is not binding on the people
of Kansas until it can be changed, in pursuance of
its own provisions, will any man tell me how it
is binding on the people of Kansas before it is
adopted? Was there anything sacred m the Ter-
ritorial Legislature which called the Lecompton
convention, that made its acts irrepealable ? Where
did it get the authority to enact a law which should
be irrevocable, and beyond the power of a subse-
quent Legislature ?
But, sir, I have been induced to call attention
to this document chiefly on account of the detail
of facts which it pretends to give. It sets out and
argues that, to preserve our institutions, we must i
submit to the law; that the whole difficulties in
Kansas have arisen out of a disposition to disre-
gard the law. That is assuming the whole ground.
The people of Kansas deny that they have any
territorial laws. The President speaks of a usurp-
ation on the part of the people. Why, sir, the
usurpation is on the part of those who have at-
tempted to-forcelaws upon the people in violation
of their rights. The origin of all the difficulties
in Kansas since its organization as a Territory
was the first usurpation—the carrying of the elec-
tion of March 30,1855, by violence, andinstalling
in authoritya setofusurpers. That this wasdone,
any man at all acquainted' with the history of
Kansas affairs knows to be true. It has been
proven and conclusively established by a commis-
sion which was sent by the House of Represent-
atives to Kansas Territory to inquire into the
This being so, the enactments of these usurpers
