570
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior—being the balance of a former appropriation,
which was carried to the surplus fund on the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven—
three hundred and thirty-five dollars.
For continuing the extension of the Treasury
building, five hundred thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the custom-house
at New Orleans, Louisiana, two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the custom-house
at Charleston, South Carolina, two hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For the completion of custom-houses at the
following places, viz: at Ellsworth, Maine, two
thousand dollars; at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, fifty thousand dollars; at Bristol, Rhode
Island, including fencing and grading, five thou-
sand dollars; at New Haven, Connecticut, sixty
thousand dollars; at Oswego, New York, ten
thousand dollars; at Plattsburg, New York, ten
thousand dollars; at Newark, New Jeisey, ten
thousand dollars; at Norfolk, Virginia, twenty
thousand dollars;atPcnsacola, Florida, five thou-
sand dollars; at St. Louis, Missouri, twenty
thousand dollars; at Mobile, Alabama, including
fencing and paving, thirty thousand dollars; at
Galena, Illinois, ten thousand dollars; at Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars; and
for annual repairs at custom-houses, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For the completion of marine hospitals at the
following places, viz: at Portland, Maine, three
thousand dollars; at St. Mark's Florida, two
thousand five hundred dollars; at New Orleans,
Louisiana, including filling up site, grading, in-
troducing gas and water pipes and fixtures, and
fencing, eighty-five thousand dollars; at Cincin-
nati, Ohio, fifty thousand dollars; at Galena, Illi-
nois, five thousand dollars, and for annual re-
pairsatmarine hospitals, fifteen thousand dollars:
Provided, That no portion of the sums herein ap-
propriated for the completion of custom-houses
and marine hospitals,excepting thoscfor Charles-
ton and New Orleans, shall be expended until the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied that
the sums respectively appropriated will complete
the buildings for which they are intended, and
until arrangements shall be made to carry this
into effect.
For fencing, grading, paving, and furnishing
the custom-houses at the following places, viz:
at Ellsworth, Maine, three thousand dollars; at
Bath, Maine, (for furniture alone,) eleven hun-
dred dollars; at Burlington, Vermont, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars; at New Haven, Con-
necticut, eight thousand five hundred dollars; at
Oswego, New York, seven thousand three hun-
dred dollars; at Plattsburg, New York, nine
thousand nine hundred dollars; at Newark, New
Jersey, five thousand two hundred dollars; at
Alexandria, Virginia, three thousand seviap hun-
dred dollars; at Norfolk, Virginia, twelve thou-
sand dollars; at Mobile, Alabama, (for furniture
alone,) two thousand six hundred dollars; at
Pensacola, Florida, two thousand five hundred
dollars; at St. Louis, Missouri, fourteen thousand
six hundred dollars; at Louisville, Kentucky,
three thousand nine hundred dollars; at Cleve-
land, Ohio, seven thousand one hundred dollars;
at Galena, Illinois, three thousand seven hundred
dollars; at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, seven thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For fencing, grading, paving, and furnishing
the marine hospitals at the following places, viz:
at Burlington, Vermont, three thousand four
hundred dollars; at Chelsea, Massachusetts, (out-
buildings, grading and fencing,) nineteen thou-
sand seven hundred dollars; at St. Mark's, Flor-
ida, twelve hundred dollars; at Detroit, Michi-
gan, seven thousand five hundred dollars; at
Galena, Illinois, three thousand eight hundred
dollars; at Burlington, Iowa, four thousand one
hundred dollars.
To enable the Library Committee to complete
the payments for a series of portraits of the Pres-
idents of the United States, contracted for under
authority of Congress, and for framing the same,
five thousand dollars.
For paying the expenses of the commissioners
appointed in pursuance of the joint resolution of
the twenty-sixth of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, to inquire into and test the pro-
cess of J. T. Barclay for preventing the counter-
feiting the coins of the United States, in addition
to the sum appropriated by said resolution, eight
hundred dollars.
For printing ordered by the Senate and House
of Representatives during the Thirty-Third and
Thirty-Fourth Congresses, and paper for the
same, eighty thousand dollars.
For binding documents ordered to be printed
by the House of Representatives during the
Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses,
and for engravings, lithographs, and electrotvpes
for the same, one hundred and twenty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For. binding documents ordered to bo printed
by the Senate during the Thirty-Third and Thir-
ty-Fourth Congresses, and for engravings, litho-
graphs, and electrotypes for the same, one hun-
dred and thirteen thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to com-
plete the dijest of the statistics of manufactures
according to the returns of the seventh census,
three thousand five hundred dollars; butthe work
is not to be undertaken unless the Secretary of
the Interior shall be satisfied that the sum herein-
before mentioned will complete the work.
For making the necessary repairs to the jail in
Washington city, and putting Venetian blinds to
the windows, the sum of eight hundred and forty
dollars.
To pay the draughtsman employed by the
Committees on Public Buildings and Grounds of
the two Houses of Congress, for drawing and
calculations furnished, and incidental expenses
defrayed by him during the last and present ses-
sion of Congress, five hundred and twenty-eight
dollars.
For satisfying the claims of the States of Maine
and Massachusetts, under the stipulation of the
treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
ian, concluded on the ninth day of August, in the
year eighteen hundred and forty-two, a sum not
exceeding eleven thousand four hundred anl
ninety-six dollars and eighty-one cents in satis-
faction of such claims of the State of Maine; and
nine thousand two hundred and fifteen dollars
and thirteen cents in satisfaction of like claims of
the State of Massachusetts; to be audited by the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
For defraying the expense of carrying into exe-
cution the joint resolution, approved May eleven,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, " authorizing
suitable acknowledgments to be made by the
President to the British naval authorities at Ja-
maica for the relief extended to the officers and
crew of the United States ship Susquehannah,
disabled by yellow fever," three thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
For the payment of throe companies of volun-
teers called into the service of the United States
m the Territory of Kansas in eighteen hundred
at® fifty-six by the order of the Governor of that
Territory, eight thousand six hundred and sixty-
eight dollars and fourteen cents.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For miscellaneous items, and paying fees of
witnesses before committees of the Senate, seven
thousand seven hundred dollars.
To John B. Mutty, for compensation as acting
secretary of the Territory of Nebraska during
the vacancy created by the death of T. B. Cum-
mmgs, three hundred and sixteen dollars and
thirty-five cents.
For lithographing and engraving ordered by
the Senate during the present session, the sum of
forty-five thousand dollars.
For binding documents ordered to be printed
by the Senate during the present session, the sum
of forty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
legislative and contingent expenses of Washing-
ton Territory for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, the
sum of seven thousand five hundred dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary; and the
register of the land office and receiver of public
moneys in the Territory of New Mexico shall
receive the same compensation now allowed by
law to the same class of officers m Washington
Territory: Provided, Their compensation, in-
cluding fees, shall not exceed three thousand dol-
lars each per annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the bal-
ance of the appropriation of two thousand two
hundred dollars, " for flagging footway in the
Congressional Burying-Ground, from the en-
trance of the same to the Government vault," per
act approved third March,eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, be applied in extending the flagging
the whoje length of the avenue, as was originally
intended; and that the appropriation of one thou-
sand five hundred dollars " for the construction
of a wooden bridge, with a double track, across
the canal, in the line of Maine avenue, "per same
act, may be applied to the erection of afoot-bridge
in lieu thereof, as recommended by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That section
six of an act passed August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, entitled " An act making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven," shall apply
to the subsistence of the commissioner therein
named from the time he entered upon the dis-
charge of his duties, and the same shall be paid
out of appropriations already made.
Sec. 4. -And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
dition to those now authorized by law, there may
be employed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in the office of the Register of the Treasury, an
additional clerk of the third class, and in the of-
fice of the Treasurer of the United States an ad-
ditional clerk of the third class; and three thou-
sand two hundred dollars to carry into effect the
provisions of this section to the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, is [are] hereby
appropriated.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That no part
of the appropriations which may be at any time
made for the coritingentexpenses of either House
of Congress, shall be applied to any other than
the ordinary expenditures of the Senate and
House of Representatives, nor as extra allow-
ance to any clerk, messenger, or attendant of the
said two Houses, or either of them, nor as pay-
ment or compensation to any clerk, messenger,
or other attendant of the said two Houses, or
either of them, unless such clerk, messenger, or
other attendant, be bo employed by a resolution
of one of said Houses.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the ex-
tra compensation paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to clerks of committees, under the
resolution of the fourteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, be allowed at the Treasury.
Sec. 7. Anil be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Commissiooer of the Public
Buildings to cause obstructions of every kind to
be removed from such streets, avenues, and side-
walks in the city of Washington as have been, or
may bo hereafter, improved in whole or in part
by the United States, and to keep the same, at all
times, free from obstructions; and, for this pur-
pose, he shall have power to institute suits in
any court having competent jurisdiction in the
District of Columbia; and it shall be the duty of
the district attorney for said district to prosecute
the same; and whenever any person shall desire
to remove the paving stones, or to displace any
other work done by the authority of the United
States, for the purpose of laying gas pipes, or for
any other purpose, it shall be the duty of such
person to obtain a written permit from the said
Commissioner; and such persons shall oblige
themselves to replace the said work to the satis-
faction of the said Commissioner, and within
such time as he may prescribe.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall place [any] obstruction on the streets,
avenues, or side-walks aforesaid, such person
shall pay the costs of removing the same, and
shall, moreover, be subject to a penalty of ten dol-
lars, to be recovered as other debts are recovered
in the District of Columbia, for each and every
day the said obstruction may remain after the
Commissioner shall have given notice for its re-
moval. And if any person or persons removing
the paving stones or other work done by the au-
thority of the United States, shall fail to replace
the same to the satisfaction of the Commissioner,
within the time prescribed by him, he or they
