2633
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
excluded. Now, I will call the attention of the Sen-
ator and the Senate to the history of the modes
of levying duties. I have got the first law parsed
on this subject in the United States, to sec which
of us is correct about the principle on which du-
ties have been levied at the outset. I say that, at
least for the first forty years of the histoi y of this
Government, the pi mciple involved in the amend-
ment I propose was nearer complied with by the
early laws than the principle for which he con-
tends. In the first act, which was passed July
4, 1789, this phraseology is used: " on all other
*goods, wares, and merchandise, five per centum
on the value thereof at the time and place of im-
portation.'5 That, surely, has no reference to the
foreign cost in any foreign port; it is the cost at
the time and place of importation in the port of
this country. 1 do not say that this means the
market value at that place as sold in open mar-
ket, which would include the duly as among the
elements of value; but I think the fair construc-
tion of that law on us face would be, that it in-
cluded every increment of value up to the time of
entry at the port of entry. I take it, the Senator
and myself do not disagree about that. If we do,
1 hope he will state his opinion now.
The general rates of ad valorem duties in the
first bill passed in 1789 (with the single exception
of a discriminating duty in favorof goods import-
ed in American vessels and four-wheel carnages,
which seem to have had an extra rate of duty on
them,) were ten per cent., seven and a half per
cent.., and five per cent. Uy the way, I may say
here that a very large list of specific duties was
embraced in that bill. In the following month an
net was passed in reference to the mode of valua-
tion, to which I beg to call attention:
" That the nil valorem late*. of dutv on all goods. wares,
ixml miTelKimlixe, at the plaee of linpmlation, shall ho
maied by adding twenty [km eeiit. to tin: actual eo>t thereof
if impoi ted I join the ('ape of Good Hope, oi Irom any plaee
hevond llxi -.inn'; and ten per oent. on the actual en-n
rheivoi'il imported liom any oliiei place oi country, exclu-
sive ol all charges."
I say that that ten per cent, and twenty per
cent, are items sufficient to cover the duties, and ;
to cover the interest on the voyages, in each of]
these cases, which are fair clmiges upon the value >
of the importations when (hey arc landed. The '
duties under that ucl average seven and a half!
por cent., and the ten pi-r cent. additional on cost I
of goods imported fi'om F.rtrope would cover the !
amount of duties and the interest on the voyage, j
and the twenty per cent, additional on voyages |
from beyond the Capo of Good 1 lope, whieh then >
took ftbont eighteen months, would cover the du- j
ties on those goods and the inteiest on their voy- ;
a«*e. That bungs the valuation to the Ian cost of !
the goods, duty paid, in the market of importa-
tion. J
In 1795, there was another clause that the Sen- i
ator hns referred to, not lepenling, however, this ,
ten per cent, or twenty per cent, provision, but :
which said this: !
"That after tin* said Iswt dav of .Maieh, the valuation of 1
all goods, wares, and merchandise, Mibjeet to payment of;
duties ud villoma, Mmlt he made on the .tenia! c,o-t, at, iho .
plaee of exportation, including all charges eoninnsMon <,
out. nlo p;ickng#s, and insunmce only excepted." j
Now, I should like to ask the Senator from 1
Virginia if that includes the freight? Yon are to ;
include all chaises except outside packages, com- i
missions, and msutanee. Does that exclude the !
freight? From this phraseology,as I commented ;
before, taking the place of exportation, has re-j
suited the blunder about freight; but there has not 1
been a law passed since 1795 down to the prcs- i
out day, but what, fan ly considered without preju- '
dice, would not justly and legitimately include the !
fiei^ht. i hazard nothing in saying that.
The Senator from Virginia, not content with the
general practice on which he lehod, quoted from .
the decision of some court, and stated that there |
would be great inequalities in the ports of this !
country if the freight was included. 1 le instanced j
that New Yoik was more eligibly situated in icf- |
ciencc to Liverpool than other ports, and freights -1
would be more from Liverpool to New Orleans 1
than from Liverpool to New Vork. Well, that is ;
an argument I have seen in the newspapers; but
I have yet to learn, that tukiugall thuportsm the <
world, New York is any neaier to them t uin ,
Ciiaileston is. It may be neaier to some ports .
with which we have a gieat deal of com mere', but
it is no nearer to many ports of the world with '
which we have commerce than any other of our j
ports. This idea results from the notion that i
New York is about the only*port in the United j
States, and that Liverpool is about the only port |
m Europe with which we have any intercourse. !
I should like to know if New Orleans is not much j
nearer to the Island of Cuba, where we have a
commerce half equal to that with England, than
New York is ? These arguments are used to mis-
lead and divert the public.
I .will read one other law in regard to the valu-
ation of goods. The act of 1799 provides:
"That the ad valorem rates of duty upon good?, ware?,
and meicliandi*e, at the place of importation, fliall be es-
timated by adding twenty pel cent, to tho actual co^-t thereof,
ii unpolled 1to:n beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and ten per
cent, to the actual com, thereof, it nnpoited fioin any other
place or country, including all chaises, coinmi&siou-*, out-
ride packages, and in*manee only excepted.
Docs that exclude the freight? So I say of
eveiy law that 1ms passed from that time to this.
No man can doubt that when you except insu-
rance from among the dutiable charges, you mean
the insurance upon the voyage of importation.
It is a charge which is usually entered on the in-
voice book of every merchant who imports goods
as among the costs and charges. This term,
li costs and chaiges," has a meaning among ac-
countants and is recognized m all the laws after
1799, with the single exception of two years,
when the law of 3blG was in existence, whuh
expressly excluded all these charges. Every law
that f have been able to examine on the subject,
and I have examined them pretty closely, states
specifically what shall be excepted from the duti-
able charges, and, in the earlier laws, it was com-
missions, outside packages, and insurance. In
the act of 3795 they excepted outside packages,
and there was a provision that the bottles in
which wines were imported should not be ex-
cepted, but should pay the same duty as upon
empty bottles. In the early times, they thought
something of having the laws consistent. I have
hen- the'laws <.f 1789, 1790, 1795, 181G, 1818,
1828, 1832, 1833, 181:2, and 181;j, in reference to
the valuation of goods. In every one of those
nets, and m the law of 1851, under which the de-
cisions of J udge Nelson and Judge Curtis, that
have been quoted as entirely settling this ques-
tion, were made, the same provision will be found.
Those decisions related to the coastwise freight,
as it is colli d. Judge Curtis said that if it was a
new question, he could not perceive, why freight
was not a du liable charge as well as any thing else;
and J udj';e Nelson, in his reasoning, stated that
the cost of an nrtiele, at a cei tain [dace, included
everything that had been paid font up to landing
at that place. If that does not include freight, I
ib> not know what does.
1 wish now to call the attention of the Senate
to some of the evidences the Senator from Vir-
gin >a gave of the unexampled prospei ity that had
resulted from low duties. In the first plaee, to
show the ptosperity of the manufacturing mtei est,
he said that tho exportation* of American man-
ufactuies had increased threefold, under the low
rates of duty, and that, he said, was conclusive
as to their prosperity. I should like to ask you,
Mr. President, if the Government of the United
{Slate* should adopt a policy that destroyed the
home maiketof the home producers, and forced
them to export their whole products, would that
be any evidence of their prosperity? The in-
eieaso of the exports of American manufactures,
instead of being an evidence of the prosperity of
the manufacturers themselves, is only an evidence
that the policy of the country has destroyed the
value of the American market for the manufac-
tures. This is a clear proposition. I should like
to ask the Senator from Georgia, if the ptestima-
tion of the present year had entirely disabled the
manufacturers of the United States from con-
suming any cotton, and had foiced the cotton
growers to export their entire crop of this year,
would he have thought that was any evidence of
prosperity ?
Mr. TCOMBS. I will state to the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island that I do not think
this is the. proper time to discuss the subject, and
I do oof wish to answer any question in regard
to it. We are very busy with the appropriation
bills, and I really think we ought to go on with
them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was in hopes I could get
the Senator to aid me in putting this provision
in this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have but three days left.
Mr. SIMMONS. We cannot get through in
that time If I am not likely to get this propo-
sition on the bill now, I will not waste the time
of the Senate; but I desire to show, on some oc-
casion, as briefly as possible, that there is noth-
ing improper in it, as I have been assailed for
endeavoring to do it improperly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not pass any judgment
on the Senator. I do not deem it a proper time
for me to discuss the tariff. 1 judge for myself.
I do not assail the Senator. He can use his privi-
lege and talk until Monday morning, if he chooscs;
but it is not according to my ideas.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not mean to talk an
hour, but i wish to answer the evidences pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia, as showing
that the tariff of 1846 had done a great deal of
good, and that v/e should adhere to the policy of
it, though the country is bankrupt and the Treas-
ury impoverished by it. I think it is our duty,
when we aie pioviding uppiopntuions, to look
after the means to pay them. I think that, if we
could adopt some plan by which to increase our
revenue ton orfilVen millions a year by prevent-
ing frauds and giving the business to our own
country, two or three hours would be judiciously
spent in such a service. J regard it as of more
consequence than ail the appropriation bills we
have passed, or pre likely to pass. I know the
Senatoi from Georgia is friendly to my proposi-
tion, ^Uld therefore I would take his advice sooner
than that of almost any one I know, for I believe
be undeistands the matter as well as any man in
the Senate; and I take the remarks which were
made by the Senator from Virginia, in reference
to bom" valuation, as applying as much to him as
to myself, for he defended it with a great deal
more ability than I did.
There was another fact stated in the speech of
the Senator from Virginia which he intended, he
said, to send before the country, in reference to
the mlluenco of low duties and fraudulent under-
valuations, for they constitute a part of the low-
nessof the duties, to wit: the exports of bread stuffs,
i le stated that the expoi tations of Ineadstuffs and
provisions had increased threefold since the opera-
tion of the tariff of 1846. Now, I have taken the
annual exportation^ of breadstulfs in the last four
years of the tariff of 1842, which are returned.
The returns are made up to the 30th of June of
each year, And I should have taken another year
but that thc^#al year was altered in 1843, and
for that year^e have not the full icturns.' I find
t hat m the last four years of the tarilf of 18-12 the
exportation^ of the crops of those four yeais
amounted to $130,227,900, making an aveiage of
;s32,5GG,U00. Then, m the six years under the low
tanir of J81G,as the Senator from Virginia calls it,
which bring us down to the time of the recipi ocity
treaty with Great Untam, since which penod the
expoi ts of all her American provinces went in-
eluded with ours, give a total of $183,000,000, or
an aveiage of $30,000,000, which is not so much
by $2,000,000 as under the higher tariff; ami yet
the Senator talka about their increasing threefold.
There is a way of stating figures in which you
can make out almost anything from them; but I
take a -series of years to see what the result of an _
measure is.
In the arguments used on this question, al-
though there is no fact to justify them either in
the histoiy of the Qovcrnment or the laws of the
country, it is assumed that freight may be ex-
cluded, and the duties be imposed upon the foreign
value when every Jaw we have had heretofore lias
been predicated on the value of the goods m this
country instead of abroad. Why, sir, the argument
of the Senator from Vngmia last year, when the
present tauif bill was passed with regard to wool,
was one of the most singular ones I ever heard,
and yet it seemed to have a great effect then.
Now, if I could induce the Senate without an
argument to take a vote on my proposition and
adopt this system, I would most certainly cheer-
fully waive any opportunity that might be afforded
me of giving an argument; but there were one or
two observations made by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis] in reference to the uncertainty
and .impossibility of executing a law of this kind
to winch 1 wish to call attention. My amend-
ment proposes to assess the duties on the market
