1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which had been established except by an army,)
lie again calls attention to the necessity of troops
in tins language:
" Permit me, before closing this communication, to renew
my statemeut, that such is the revolutionary condition of
affairs in Kansas that the territorial government is> in im-
minent danger of overthiowif I am not sustained by at least
two thousand troops, chiefly dragoons, and two batteries.
The presence of such a body of troops would probably pre-
vent a conflict.'5
There, sir, you have the purpose for which this
army was sent to Kansas, and kept in Kansas, as
the President tells us to-day, at the sacrifice of the
expedition to Utah. This Administration is re-
sponsible, not only for the despotism which has
existed in Kansas, but it is responsible for the
lives that shall be lost,and theproperty destroyed,
and the suffering endured, upon the Rocky Mount-
ains, by an insufficient force sent forth too late
to reach their destination before the winter snows
overtook them. The Administration is respons-
ible for all this, and it grows out of its action in
regard to Kansas. It is admitted now, in the doc-
ument before you, that the reason for sending so
small a force to Utah was that Governor Walker
insisted on their being in Kansas. And for what?
For no purpose which the law would justify.
But we see, further, the purposes for which this
army was kept in Kansas by reference to another
portion of this correspondence. Governor Walker,
in another part of his letter of July 15, says:
" It is universally admitted here that the only real ques-
tion is tins : whether Kansas shall be a conseivative, consti-
tutional, Democratic, and ultimately free State, or whether
ltshdH be a Republican and Abolition State; and that the
course pursued by me is the only one which will pi event the
last most calamitous result, which, m my opinion, would
soon seal the fate of the Republic."
The admission of Kansas as a Republican State
would be a most calamitous result, and soon seal
the fate of the Republic, according to Governor
Walker's opinion, who was sent out there on
theavowed doctrine that it was wrong for the Fed-
eral Government to interfere in the affairs ofa Ter-
ritory. He says further, in another communica-
tion:
" If this can be accomplished the great object of my mis-
sion will have been attained, and Kansas come into the
Union as a conservative State, without any confiscation of
the slave property now within her limits."
That is, upon the condition that he could bring
about a union between the free-State Democrats
and the pro-slavery party, the great object of
his mission would be accomplished, and Kansas
would come into the Union without the confisca-
tion of slave property. We have hero,inan official
letter from the Governor of Kansas Territory to the
Secretary of State, an acknowledgment that the
object of his mission to Kansas was to bring about
that union of parties which would bring Kansas
into the Union as a State, without a confiscation 1
of slave property. Callyou that non-interference ? i
Sir, would it be possible to conceive a clearer case ;
of interference—improper interference with the j
affairs ofaTerritory, than is exhibited in this com- I
munication from Governor Walker which 1 have j
read? In the first place, he avows that he went
to that Territory for the purpose of bringing about
a party result; that that was the object of his mis-
sion; and he says that that could not be brought
about unless he was sustained by an army of two
thousand men, headed by a particular general,
with two batteries at least; and yet all this is done
and carried on in the name of non-interference and
of law; and the President of the United States, who
sanctions and sustains it, talks about the neces-
sity of enforcing the law! His predecessor, for (
whoml have no great respect, in lusadmmistra- |
tion of Kansas affairs hesitated to go thus far. !
President Pierce, in a message sent to this body ;
in December, 1856, in speaking of the authority 1
of the President of the United States to use the '
Army, employs this language: '
" The President of tho United States ha:-; not power to i
interpose in elections, to see to their freedom, to canvass 1
tlieir votes, or to pass upon tiieir legality, in the Tprntories
any more than in the States Jf he had such powet,t)ie
Government might be republican m form, but it vvontci be a
monarchy in fact; and if lie bad undertaken to exercise it
in the case of Kansas, be would have been justly subject to
the charge of usurpation, and of violation of the deaiest
rights of the people of the United States." j
"What, then, shall we say of that President who
has done this very thing? On the authority of Pres-
ident Pierce, may I not charge him with usurp-
ation—a violation of the dearest rights of the peo-
ple of the United States? Sir, I make that charge;
not upon this authority, however, but upon the
authority of the Constitution and the laws, and
the rights of the people of Kansas, every one of
which has been trampled under foot by the pres-
ent Chief Magistrate, in the use of his army in
Kansas.
I know that the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] the other day, undertook to qualify this
language of PresidentPierce, and say that he only
declared the President had no right to volunteer
to defend the ballot-box. The word "volunteer"
is not here in this connection. I have read the
whole sentence; and if President Pierce was right
in what he said as to the authority of the Pres-
ident to use the Army, what shall be said of Pres-
ident Buchanan, who, in a letter which he wrote
to citizens of Connecticut, says:
" It is my imperative duty to employ the troops of the
United States, should this become necessary, in defending
the convention against violence whilst training the consti-
tution, and ill protecting the < boruijlrlfi inhabitants/ quali-
fied to vote under the provisions of this instrument, in the
free exercise of the right of suffrage, when it shall be sub-
mitted to thein for their approbation or rejection."
Contrast this language of President Buchanan
with the language of his predecessor, and you find
that he assumes a position which his predecessor
pronounced usurpation and a violation of the
dearest rights of American citizens. I know that
there are those who sustain them both—who
sustained President Pierce and gave him credit
for refusing to use the Army to protect the polls,
and sing hosannas to President Buchanan for
using it for the very same purpose. Surely both
cannot have been right,-unless the usurpers who
had control of the ballot-boxes protected by Mr.
Buchanan were entitled to greater consideration
than the lawful judges who held the election which
President Pierce refused to protect.
Now, sir, I think I have shown from the statutes
and from the previous doctrine as laid down even
by President Pierce, that there is no authority
vested m the President to use the Army as Mr.
Buchanan has been using it in Kansas, and that
it ill becomes him to talk about the people being
usurpers when the only usurpation they are guilty
of is that of resisting usurpers. The people of
Kansas have been forbearing; they have sought
to avoid collision with the United States troops;
have submitted to degradation; and many of them
have been guarded in tents in Kansas for months
by United States soldiers. They probably thought
it policy to avoid a conflict with United States
soldiers; but those troops had no right to take
and hold in prison the citizens of Kansas. Those
troops were as much guilty of a violation of law,
and as much usurpers, as they would be if they
were to m'ai cli into this Capitol and drive Con-
gress from its possession; and the people of Kan-
sas would have been justified in resisting them
equally as we would be justified in defending our-
selves against their entrance into this Capitol.
The gilt buttons and epaulets on a soldier no
more protect him in usurpation than the citi-
zen; and when he goes forth on an unlawful and
illegal purpose, or is used as a mere instrument
in the hands of one who is usurping authority,
to trample on the just rights of the citizen, every
one has a right to meet him and crush him if he
can.
The President tells us in the message that the
people of Kansas have had the slavery question
submitted to them. I deny it. The very docu-
ment he communicates to us proves that it is not
so. That instrument declares that, whether a
particular clause be voted in or voted out of the
constitution, slavery shall exist in Kansas. It is
a slave State to all intents and purposes, whether
what was called the slavery clause was voted in
or voted out. That provision applied only to the
future introduction of slaves into Kansas. He
tells us in one part of his message (and I call at-
tention to the contradiction, for whenever an indi-
vidual starts out to establish error, he will always
fall into contradictions) that Kansas is as much
a slaveholding Territory, under the Constitution
of the United States, as any State in this Union
is a slaveholdingState. He tells us that slavery
exists in Kansas under the Constitution of the
United States, and that it is a slave Territory.
Notwithstanding that, he tells us in another part
of his message that the people had submitted to
them the question whether they would have
slavery or not, when he knows that the only
question submitted was as to the future introduc-
tion of slavery, and that there was a clause in the
constitution providing that the slaves then in
istence should never be emancipated or interfered
with, and it was made a slave State then and for-
ever so far as that constitution is concerned, let
the people have voted wjiich way they would on
the particular clause submitted to them , for ap-
proval or rejection.
The President tells us also in the message, if I
heard it correctly, that the will of the majority is
supreme when asserted in a lawful manner. I
believe that is very; nearly the language used',
and yet after enunciating that as a fundamental
principle, he tells us that the will of the majority
in Kansas, as expressed on the 4tfi of January
last, when they voted down the Lecompton con-
stitution, should be set at naught though nobody
contends that it was not done in an orderly man-
ner. How is it, if the will of the majority when
expressed in a lawful manner is omnipotent, that
the people of Kansas in expressing their will on
the 4th of January last, are to be told that their
action is a nullity and that they could take no
action which would affect the proposed consti-
tution?
Sir, this whole transaction is of a piece with
what has been going on in" Kansas from the be-
ginning, The despotism and the outrages in Kan-
sas commenced at a very early day; and the party
which has upheld and sustained them has been
changing its position ever since, almost from day
to day. It started out with the proposition that
the Missouri compromise must be repealed, not
for the purpose of allowing slavery to go into Kan-
sas—that was not the intention; but for the pur-
pose of allowing the people to do as they pleased.
This meant the people of the Territory. It was
so argued and so understood all over the northern
section of the Union at least. The nextstep, after
removing the Missouri compromise, which kept
slavery out of Kansas, was to deny the authority
of the people of the Territory to exclude slavery.
This was done at Cincinnati. The Cincinnati
convention avowed itself in favor of the great prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty, and declared that the
people of a Territory, when they were sufficiently
numerous to form a State constitution for them-
selves, ought to have the right to regulate their
own domestic institutions in their own way, that
is, when they come to form a State. Why, sir,
nobody ever denied the power of the people ofa
State to form their institutions in their own way.
There was never any controversy between parties
about that.
The complaint in Kansas now is, not that the
people may not form their institutions in their
own way, but that they are having no opportu-
nity to do it; that the despotism established over
them in the beginning has been such as to deprive
them of that right; and this is testified to by all
the officials who ever went to Kansas. All the
Governors, and all the Secretaries, tell you that
the people of Kansas have had no fair chance to
form their own institutions. They were disfian-
cliised either by registry laws or by requiring
particular qualifications for voting, or else they
were cheated in the returns made. As to the Le-
compton convention, we all know that half the
counties of the Territory were disfranchised ut-
terly in the choice of delegates, and in the other
half the registry was very imperfect, and no one
but a registered voter had authority to vote for a
delegate to the convention. Yet knowing all this,
the President tells us that the people of Kansas
had a fair opportunity to elect delegates to this
convention, and that it is their own fault if they
did not avail themselves of it!
The principle of non-intervention, upon which
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, has been
set at naught. Here you have the evidence patent
and open to the country, of the Governor using
hisofficialinfluence, backed up by troops, to bring
about a particular party result, and saying, in his
official correspondence, that the admission of a
Republican State into this Union would be fraught
with danger to the Union itself. Sir, what is meant
by a Republican State? We mean nothing more
than a free State. A Republican State is a State
which does not tolerate slavery. The doctrines
of the Republican party, which are talked about
as being inimical to the Union, are based on the
Constitution, as our fathers understood and ad-
ministered it. It advocates, so far as I knowShy-
thing about it—and I speak but for myself—no
