2634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
the object of the amendment which I offer, is to
continue the publication. I know the prejudice
which exists against the publication of books; but
I think that this publication does not come within
any of the reasons upon which the general ob-
jection to the publication of books, under the en-
couragement of Congress, has been founded. It
is-a sort of monumental history of all great trans-
actions of the Government. It is a work emi-
nently useful, if not necessary, in the course of
legislation and in the course of the administration
of the Government, by all its high officers, from
the President down. We often find it necessary
to appeal to it. It is a work which we, and we
alone, are competent to execute. It is a work not
only necessary but useful to those who act under
our Constitution as the representatives and officers
of the people; and it is a contribution which we
owe to the general political history of the whole
world. It is a documentary history of the pro-
ceedings of Congress, and of the executivo de-
partment of the Government. It embraces con-
gressional as well as executive documents. It is
an authentic monumental history which we owe
to ourselves, as part and parcel of the operations
of our Government, connecting itself so nearly
with the Government that I may almost say it
forms part of the Government. The information
is now so dispersed and scattered that all refer-
ence to it is impracticable. It must be brought
together, and published.
The amendment, then—because I intend as far
as in me lies to recommend, rather by the brevity
of my remarks than by the remarks themselves,
this amendment to the favorable consideration of
the Senate—does not provide, nor is it my inten-
tion at all, or within the scope of my anticipation,
that any portion of the work proposed to be pub-
lished, shall be distributed gratuitously to mem-''
bcrs of Congress. The amendment provides for
the distribution of a certain number, not including
membeis of Congress in the distribution, and re-
serving all not distributed by this amendment for
future distribution by Congress. We ought to
supply with it, in the first place, all those officers
of the Government whose duties may requm;
them,and will roauirc them, if they discharge their
duties understanding!y and well, to have reference
to those volumes. After supplying these public
odicers properly with them, this amendment pro-
vides that the public libraries of the country shall
be furnished with a copy, and the rest retained for
your future distribution. 1 shall hope that they
will be presented to all the Governments of the
work!, and we shall receive in exchange for them,
no doubt, ample satisfaction in woi ks of the same
character, giving us an authentic documentary
account of the operations of t hose Governments.
Therefore, I say this is a general contribution to the
political world of the operations of one of its great
Governments, a cei tain and true history of public
transactions. They may be given m exchange
to all the Governments of the world. I should
hope to do that. It is a worthy gift—a gift worthy
to be given by a nation, and worthy to be given
to nations, it is the record of the proceedings
and grave transactions of one of the greet Govern-
ments of the world. It stands by itself, and is a
peculiar work; and it is the peculiar duty of the
Government to provide for its publication.
I shall trespass no longer on your time, sir, ex-
cept to say further, that we have the opportunity
now of having it continued by those who pub-
lished the former scries of this work,and in whose
integrity, in whose intelligence, in whose ability,
in whose candor, and truthfulness, and accuiacy
in the publication of such a work, we may en-
tirely rely. It provides that the publication here
shall be continued by the publishers of the for-
mer series, Gales & Seaton.
With these remarks, which I have limited as
far as possible, f submit this amendment to the
consideration of the Seriate, and hope it will be
^adopted as part of the bill. It makes no appro-
priation. It avoids all questions of order, as I
understand. No appropriation is made—none
whatever.
Jlnd he it further enacted. That the Secretary of the don-
ate ami Clerk of the Ilouie of lteprerciitauve-s be, and they
aio hereby, greeted to continue down t<> rho 4tli of Man.ii,
lbj9, tlte compilation of the coiigiesMon.il document-* pub-
lished by Congress, under the name of the Auh'hi ,ui
Paper.-, ni the s-aine manner as the lli^t -<me> tho cot, under
the authorny of the act of Congicss of March Jb3i, and
the joint icsolution of Congress of Maicli k\'K!, and with
the same particular index to each class, and a general index
to the work; and the said Secretary and Clerk are hereby
directed to contract with Gales & Seaton, publishers of the
first series thereof, for publishing the same, not to exceed
two thousand copies in nurnbei, at a price per volume not
exceeding that paid for the fit st series, to be delivered to the
Secretary of the Interior as the same may be published ; and
the said Secretary of the Interior shall place three hundred
copies m the Department of State, for its use, and for
exchange with foreign Governments, and seven hundred
copies m his own Department, for distribution to public
Iibraiies in the several.Suites and Territories, and hold the
reudue of the copies in his custody, subject to the future
direction of Congress.
Mr. CLAY. I am not going to make a speech
ona pointof order. We have consumed fully one
day in the last five discussing points of order; and
I do not suppose anybody's opinion has been
changed by an argument that has been made; but
I raise a point of order on the amendment; and it
is this: that, under the 30th rule, such an amend-
ment must be proposed by some select or standing
committee of the Senate. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky whether it comes from any standing or
select committee, and is reported by their au-
thority 5
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. Then I raise the point of order.
The Senator seems to have anticipated it by say-
ing that it appropriates no money. That is very
true; but I do not suppose that anybody thinks
these gentlemen will do this work gratuitously;
and I predict that, if the Senate adopt it, it will
require an appropriation hereafter of $200,000
to satisfy it. 1 do not know that I would vote
against such a proposition if it came as an inde-
pendent bill; but I think it is clearly in violation
ofthe 30th rule of the Senate as an amendment to
this bill. I make that point, and ask the Chair
to decide it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly, r do not
menu to debate any question of order. I know
veiy little about such questions, and I have very
little tnste for debates in this body on them, which,
as the gentleman says, have occupied so undue a
portion of our time. I have understood, on a
former occasion, when the amendment was of-
fered, its containing no appropriation was con-
sidered as putting U out of the rule, relied upon
by those who have made questions of order in
reference to such amendments 
Mr. PA VIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state his opinion on the question of order. The
langUMge of the rule is this:
'• No.isiummIuu nt piopoMiig.tddilionalapptopt intum*shall
be H'ctMled,'' &.c.
The Chair thinks the rule is confincd strictly
to amendments which propose, in themselves,
appropriations of money, and does not include
those which may make appropriations necessary
hereafter.
Mr. DAVIS. The decision of the Chair then
is, that it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, I had nothing to say, when I-
rose, to the point of order, further than that if it
was not in ouler, I hoped the form would be
changed so as to make it in order. I am very
anxious to see the continuation of the publica-
tion of the State Papers. I believe it the most
valuable work that has ever been issued for the
counti y at large, and 1 am at a loss to know how
any one who is charged with the examination of
ol({ subjects can possibly pursue them without
that woik. If 1 had never been in an Executive
Department, I probably never would have made
the experiment. I will merely say, as the result
of that experiment, that I do not believe any one
has time enough to examine two or three ques-
tions in the course of a season, if they are those
which have been connected with our history from
! an early period, by pursuing them through the
! Executive Documents. In the State Papers you
! find them collected in a few volumes, grouped ac-
j coidmg to the subject to which they belong, and
! the references are easy. The ability to pursue
| i t, therefore, is such as will give some confidence,
< when you have closed the investigation, that you
j have found all that has been done in the history
! of your country upon it. I know nothing of
; what this would cost. I take it for granted that
j it cannot exceed the value. If the work be done
judiciously, I am sure it will be one of the best ;
expenditures of money which the country could j
make. Fat better, if this question be one merely 1
of dollars and cents, that we should stop the pub-
i lication of the Executive Documents, and that we
; should only publish in this form, and publish
from time to time, every lustrum, collect them
together, and publish volumes devoted to a par-
ticular subject, and thus render it possible for a
1 public man who is engaged in an investigation to
pursue the subject as contained in his country's
history.
Mr. PEARCE, I think, on an estimate which
I caused to be made a few weeks ago, that there
are something like nine hundred volumes of pub-
lic documents since the beginning of this Govern-
ment. The first series of American State Papers
came up to 1831, that being the period of the ori-
ginal resolution. The public documents have
annually swollen since that period, so tha*t I ap-
prehend there are about five hundred volumes of
public documents which have been published
since the date of the'authority given to publish
the first series of American State Papers; so that
in order to prosecute an inquiry legularly through
the public documents, it may be necessary to ex-
amine the indexes of five hundred different vol-
umes. At all events, information is scattered
through about five hundred different volumes
which would be condensed into this one publica-
tion, all classified and arranged under proper
heads, indexed by classes, and a general index,
too; so that a very easy reference might be had
in the investigation of any subject and the docu-
ments relating to it. I think this is unquestion-
ably a desideratum. Every member of the Sen-
ate knows how very convenient the original series
of American State Papers have proved. Nobody
thinks of examining the original documents, but
always goes to the State Papers for a convenient
reference and easy finding whatever he seeks for.
I consider it a great desideratum, unquestionably.
It is for the Senate to say whether they will pros-
ecute thiscontmuation now. As the money which
it will cost us will not be payable immediately,
as it will take some time, probably a seiies of
yenis, before the whole work can be completed,
the payments will be distributed over a consider-
able tune, and will average lightly each ye nr. I
believe the work well worth its entire cost, which
1 suppose to be about what the Senator from Al-
abama has assumed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask if the amendment
provides for the distribution of any of those doc-
uments among the members of Congress ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it does not, I will sup-
port it very heartily. I will say nothing on the
subject, ifnobkody objects to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I have opposed the increase
of expenditures in this House from the commence-
ment, and I have been particularly desirous of
reducing the amount of public printing. If this
were any ordinary document I should certainly
oppose it; but it is of a different chaiucter. As
has been properly stated by the gentlemen who
have preceded me, it is a work which will some
day or other be published. It is only a question
of time. Then, it is for us to decide whether
these gentlemen, who have had charge of the for-
mer portion of the work, shall continue it, or some
other gentlemen, who may not be so properly
qualified or so faithful. It is useless for me to
say any thing of the character of these gentlemen.
They are known to everybody. There is hardly
a man in the United States who does not know
Gales & Seaton by reputation; but to the members
of the ptintmg business, the editorial corps, as
we call ourselves, they are especially known. In
very early life I was in their employment, and
there are no better men m the world than both of
those gentlemen. As printers, as editors, their
history is known to the whole country, perhaps
to the world, but as men they are not so well
known. These gentlemen have expended the
whole labor of their lives in doing good. No
men that I have ever been acquainted with have
so much of kindness, so much of generosity, and
so much of benevolence.
I could recount fifty instances of men going
into their office when it was inconvenient to them
to part with any portion of their means; and I
have never seen a man go out of that office with-
out receiving some aid and comfort. I remember
a case which occurs to me at this moment. Thirty
years ago, or more, there came into the printing
office of Gales & Seaton a pale, emaciated, sickly-
