1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
looking man, who seemed to be on the verge of
dissolution. He called on the foreman for em-
ployment. He was poor, sick, and lmd no money.
The foreman said to him rather sharply, << I am
sorry for it, but I have no work to give." He left
the printing office. At the door he met Mr. Gales.
He looked so miserable that he attracted the at-
tention of Mr. Gales, who said, " My good man,
what is the matter with you?" " Why,sir,"he
replied, " I am very sick, and I have been here
to get work, and the foreman says he cannot give
me any." • "Oh," said Mr. Galus, " he has for-
gotten; we never turn a man out of this house
who is sick. Go in; I will find something for
you to do." That act of kindness saved that
man's life; and I have traced him through his
history since. I saw* him afterwards a learned
member of the bar in his own State, a member of
the Legislature, a judge of the couit, a member
of Congress, and now a supreme judge in one of
the States of this Union.
That is but one of the instances of the kindness
of these people. Their whole life has been spent
in doing good. You can employ nobody who will
do this work so faithfully as they will; probably
nobody can do it so well. That it will be done
hereafter, there can be no doubt. It is only a
question as to time, then. Under the lead of my
respected friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, we have already saved,on the cost of
printing documents ordered previous to this ses-
sion, over three hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars. I think the Senator from Arkansas will hear
me out in that. The expense of printing will be,
probably, eight or nine thousand dollars less than
several years past. It seems to me that that and
other reasons show this to be the proper time for
this work. I confess, I have more personal feel-
ing1 in this matter, because I know these men arc
not only men of intellect, but men of heart, and I
never saw a man of heart who was not a good
citizen. I have scarcely ever seen appeals m favor
of men of generosity and benevolence, such as
these are, that did not meet a response from gen-
erous and kind men, such as this body is com-
posed of.
Mr. HAYNE. I consider this to be a great
work. So far as it has gone, it has been well per-
formed. Thegentlemen who have done the work
well so far, it seems to me, are entitled to com-
plete it. It is a national work; it is a work which
every great statesman would like to possess; and,
really, I hope, under these circumstances, Sen-
ators will give it a favorable consideration, and
sustain it by their votes.
Mr. TOOA1G3. This is a business transaction,
and one of very considerable importance. I should
like to know, from some of the friends of the prop-
osition, what the probable cost will be? There
seems to be no response.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator from
Alabama to suggest that it would cost probably
about two hundred thousand dollars; and the Sen-
ator from Maryland said that would be the amount
distributed over a number of years.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Alabama
does not pretend, I suppose, to know whether it
will cost ^200,000 or more. I heard, in the same
irregular way, when the Senator from Louisiana
introduced this proposition at the last session,
that it would cost $800,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not think it is possi-
ble to tell, with any approximation to accuracy,
what it will cost, for the reason that no man can
tell what will be the number of volumes formed
after the selection shall have been made out of the
material, of those things that are required forprcs-
crvation as part of the documental y history of the
country, and those portions of the executive doc-
uments which merely refer to temporary and trans-
itory matters. I do not think anybody can cal-
culate the cost, because we cannot tell how many
volumes there will be.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to ask gentlemen
what rates of compensation are to be paid ? It pro-
vides for paying the same price that was paid be-
fore. I should like to know how those rates com-
pare with the present prices of public printing?
This is a business transaction; and we ought to
know whether we arc to pay more or less than the
work can be done for by the printing esiabhsh-
ment of the United States. It is to that branch of
the subject particularly that I wish to direct my
attention. Can anybody tell-me how the max-
| imum rates proposed vary from the amount we
| now pay under the printing law?
I Mr. CAMERON. I have paid some attention
j to the prices, and from the inspection I gave them,
; as a printer, my belief is that the former prices
| are less than those now paid, except as to press-
j work.
j Mr. TOOMBS. If that was so, I should be
I much better satisfied, but I do not want to have
the work done for less, and therefore 1 shall move
to amend the amendment, by putting in a proviso
that the lates allowed shall not exceed the piices
now paid for public printing. I think these gen-
tlemen, whose personal characters I can bear tes-
timony to, as far as it goes, ought not to get less
than is now paid for similar work, if it is proper
and necessary that this publication should be
made. I shall therefore move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting a proviso that the rates allowed
shall not exceed the prices now paid for congres-
sional printing.
Mr. CAMERON. There may be some differ-
ence in the puce of press-work between the pres-
ent system and the one in existence at the time
this work was done. The edition is a small one, 1
two thousand volumes. The prices for composi- ;
tion then were less than now, but the press-work i
was more. J
Mr. TOOMBS. I asked the question for the I
purpose of laying the foundation of the few re- :
marks 1 wish to make on this subject. It js a
very large business and nobody can tell anything I
about it. Not a single Senator knows whether it ;
will involvu us m §200,000 or $800,000, or what ,
the expense will be. '
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. My attention
was called to this matter this morning, for the
first time. I have no objection in the world to
the work being given to the parties to whom it is
proposed that it shall be given. I do not enter-
j tain any but the sincerest and most kindly feel-
ings for them. I shall not interpose any factious 1
opposition to this movement, but it is my duty to
point out to the Senate two or tlnee considera-
| tions connected with the expense of printing books ;
| of various descriptions. The amendment is di-
! rectly in conflict with the provisions of a bill that
i the Senate have passed, and sent to the other
House. That bill provides that wc will not con-
tract for, nor ord^r to be printed, any work which
is not already compiled, and ready to be delivered
into the hands of the Printer, with an estimate of
its cost. It is apparent, now, that we are about
to order these gentlemen to proceed to make up a
work which no one can tell the limits of, either
in point of time or expense. We have no limit- 1
ation as to the number of volumes or their cost. i
We presume, from the character of the proposi- '
tion, that the completion is to be printed m quarto
form, as the former edition of the American State
Papers was, and that it will be done in the sume
manner, and with about the same number of pages
in each volume. Tins amendment provides for .
paying not exceeding the same rate that the work ;
cost previously, per volume. This shows noth-
ing as to what the former work cost, per volume.
I have no idea that each volume co«st the same; I i
presume some volumes cost a great deal more than f
others. The contract is to be made by the Secrc- ,
tary of the Senate, and it is to be made before wc 1
know what is to be printed, and even at the next
session we shall not know, nor at the next after
that, nor at any other session, until the whole of
the work has been prepared for publication. Then,
the proposition is diiectly in the teeth of what the
Senate considered would be good policy in pass-
ing the bill to which I referred, by requiring a
work to be completed ready .for dehveiy, nml to
be accompanied by an estimate of the costof print-
ing it, based on the wotk itself, in manuscript,
before you would consent to make an order or
contract for printing at all. That is the past ac- j
tion of the Senate at this session. |
Another provision was made in that bill, which j
this proposition is in the teeth of, but not so point-
edly as m the respect which I have already pom ted
out. I do not know whether it is contemplated
by the honorable Senator who offers the amend-
ment that the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk
of the House of Representatives shall receive ex-
tra compensation for making the compilation, or
whether it is to be regarded as embraced in their ,
usual duties. 1 do not see any limitation here on
the cost in that rcspcct. I should like to be fur- I
nished with some data to go upon; but there is
nothing here by which we can tell what the cost
will be.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that the amendment to restrict thepricps, as
| proposed by the Senator from Georgia, will be
| acceptable as far as I am concerned-. I am will-
I ing to provide that they shall be restricted to the
; prices now paid.
' Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The question
the Senator from Georgia put was in regard to the
rates of printing. The amendment provides that—
" The Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of
Representatives be, and thev are hereby, directed to con-
tinue down to the 4th of March, 1859, the compilation of
congressional documents published by Congress, under the
name of the American State Papers, m the same manner as
the first series thereof undei the authority of the act of Con-
gress of March 42, 1831, and the joint resolution of Congress
of March -2, 1833, and with the same particular index to
each elaes, and a general tndoN to the work. And the j<aid
Secretai y and Clerk are hereby directed to contract with
Gales & Se.iton, the publi*licr<v of the first -enes thereof,
foi publishing the same : not to exceed two thousand copies,
at a puce pei volume not exceeding that paid tor the first
series."
The Senator who presents the amendment did
not state, or, if he did, I did not hear, what that
price was; and we have no means by which to
! judge of that price. In answer to the question
of the Senator from Georgia, I say I cannot tell
how that price corresponds with the presentprice
at ail.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a most extraordinary
proceeding, that grave Senators should insist,
whatever may be the value of this work, that you
should go on and direct your officers to contract
for pnntmo; certain papers, exceedingly volumin-
ous, ai a price that nobody here knows whether it is
enough, half enough, or twice too much. 1 have
asked every Senator present if he has any idea
, whether the contract made twenty-live years ago
was a reasonable or unreasonable one,or even what
it was. We have no conception even of what it
was,"so that we can compare it with the present
prices. I know that hooks are much cheaper
now than they were n quarter of a century ago.
1 am no printer, and 1 know very little about
these matters. I know, however, that the Sen-
■ ak-, not understanding these matters, have adopted
; the policy which my honorable friend from Ar-
kansas, at the head of the Printing Committee,
: has suggested, and that we have deemed it neces-
! sary to require an estimate of how much a book
| will cost befoie we print it. I desire to know the
j costof these books. I do not think them val-
! uable; but if they are valuable, I wish to know
! whether we are going to pay what the work can
be done for, or simply to give a job. My question
involves that exactly. If the object of the Sen-
ate is, on account of the value of these papers, to
have them printed for the use of the Government,
prudence, and a common regard for the public,
interest, would require that they should see that
they give no more for the printing than the work
can be fairly done for in the market. It appears,
however, that there is no human being in this
body who knows what the price is—whether it
is four times or ten times too much, or only one
half what the woik can now be done for. I say if
this is a proper thing to be done, it ought to be done
with deliberation*, it ought not to be brought up
every session on an appropriation bill. Why has
it not been brought to the attention of the proper
committee during the session of Congiess? It
has not been ovi rlooked; for it seems there is a
gap of more than thirty years to be filled up. It
was brought to the attention of the Senate at the
last Congiess by my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana on an appropriation bill in the same way.
It seems to be a favorite spot, I believe, where
printing jobs have been put on. We are taking
this up at a time when investigation is not possi-
ble, and when Us friends, even, are unable to give
that information which it becomes the Senate to
have, if they will make contracts, which I do not &
think ought to be done; but if it be a fit thing to
be done, if it be a wise thing to be done, if it be a
proper thing to be done, let it be done wisely and
properly, with some regard to the public interest.
It is not a question whether this be a valuable pub-
lication. If you settle that in your mind, the next
point is, are you having it done on the ordinary
terms,givingto the laborurhishire? I wish to take
nothing ftom him, but, to give the fair price of
doing such work m the market.
