1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Academy, while serving as such as by appoint-
ment of the President, shall have the local rank,
the pay and allowances of a lieutenant colonel of
engineers, and besides his other duties, shall be
charged with the duty of instructor in the tactics
of the three arms at said academy; and that the
senior assistant instructor in each of the arms of
service, viz: of artillery, cavalry, and infantry,
shall severally receive the pay and allowances of
the assistant professor of mathematics.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and twenty-four thousand one hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, fifty thousand dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, thirty-nine thousand eight hundred and
ninety dollars.
For subsistence in kind, one million three hun-
dred and eighty thousand six hundred and fifty-
two dollars ana sixty-five cents.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, one million and sixty-two thousand
seven hundred and two dollars and ninety-nine
cents
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers, en-
listed men, guards, hospitals, storehouses, and
offices; of forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen, of the quartermaster's department at
the several posts and stations, and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the two regiments
of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, the companies of
light artillery, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted,and for the authorized number
of officers' horses when serving in the field and
at the outposts, including bedding for the animals;
of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of stationery,
including company and other blank-books for the
Army, certificates for discharged soldiers, blank
forms for the pay and quartermaster's depart-
ments; and for the printing of division and depart-
ment orders, Army regulations, and reports, one
million seven hundred and forty-five thousand
dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by the officers of
the Army on public service; expenses of courts-
martial and courts of inquiry, including the addi-
tional compensation of judgeadvocates, recorders,
members, and witnesses, while on that service,
under the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and two; extra pay to soldiers employed
under the direction of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, in the erection of barracks, quarters, store-
houses, and hospitals; m the construction of
roads, and on other constant labor, for peiiods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of March
second, eighteen hundred and nineteen, and Au-
gust fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, in-
cluding those employed as clerks at division and
department headquarters; expenses of expresses
to and from the frontier posts and armies in the
field; of escorts to paymasters and other disburs-
ing officers, and to trains, where nylitary escorts
cannot be furnished; expense of the interment of
officers killed in action, or who die when on duty
in the field, or at the posts on the frontiers, and
of non-commissioned officers and soldiers; au-
thorized office furniture; hire of laborers in the
quartermaster's department; compensation of for-
age and wagon masters, authorized by the act of
July fifth,eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; for
the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the following expendi-
tures required for the two regiments of dragoons,
the two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of
mounted riflemen, and such companies of infantry
as may be mounted, viz: the purchase of portable
forges,blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and
mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing,
hire of veterinary surgeons, medicines for horses
and mules, picket ropes, and shoeing the horses
of those corps, five hundred thousand dollars.
For constructing barracks and other buildings
at posts which it may be necessary to occupy
during the year; and for repairing, altering, and
enictiging buildings at the established posts, in-
cluding hire or commutation of quarters for offi-
cers on military duty, hire of quarters for troops,
of storehouses for the safe-keeping of military
stores, and of grounds for summer cantonments,
and for temporary frontier stations, seven hun-
dred and ninety thousand dollars.
For the repairs of the barracks at Baton Rouge,
Louisiana, the sum of twenty-five thousand dol-
lars, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
For mileage or the allowance made to officers
of the Army for the transportation of themselves
and their baggage, when traveling on duty with-
out troops, escorts, or supplies, one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops, when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and garrison
equipage, from the depot at Philadelphia to the
several posts and Army depots; of horse equip-
ments, and of subsistence from the places of pur-
chase, and from the places of delivery under
contract, to such places as the circumstances of
the service may require them to be sent; of ord-
nance, ordnance stores, and small arms, from the
founderies and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and Army depots; freights,
wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase
and hire of horses, mules, and oxen, and the pur-
chase and repair of wagons, carts, drays, ships
and other sea-going vessels and boats required
for the transportation of supplies and garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments; the
expense of sailing public transports on the various
rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, arid the Atlantic and
Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as,
from their situation, require that it be brought
from a distance; and for clearing roads, and re-
moving obstructions from roads, harbors, and
rivers, to the extent which may be required for
the actual operations of the troops on the frontier,
three million four hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of horses for the two regi-
ments of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry,
the regiment of mounted riflemen, and the com-
panies of light artillery, two hundred thousand
dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital departments, one
hundred and five thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the adjutant gen-
eral's department at division and department
headquarters, five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the commanding general, two thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
commanding general, three hundred dollars.
For armament of fortifications, three hundred
thousand dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horse equipments for the mounted regi-
ments, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, including experiments in the manufacture
of cannon and cannon powder, and for tests of
arms and ammunition, not otherwise provided
for, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder for the land
service, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national ar-
mories, four hundred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of breech-loading carbines of
the bei-t model, to be selected and approved by a
board of ordnance officers, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make
them breech-loading arms, upon a model to be se-
lected and approved by aboard oford nance officers,
twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That any
portion of said sum, not exceeding five thousand
dollars, may be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War, and at his discretion, in
applying to the old or new arms any recent im-
provement in the mode of priming.
For the Allegheny arsenal, thirty-five thousand
one hundred dollars.
For Fort Monroe arsenal, twenty-four thou-
sand nine hundred dollars.
ForKennebec arsenal,eleven thousand six hun-
dred dollars; two thousand dollars of which may
be used in bringing gas upon the arsenal grounds,
and with leave to extend gas-pipes through the
grounds by the gas company.
For St. Louis arsenal, thirty-one thousand dol-
lars.
For Washington arsenal, nine thousand three
hundred and seventy-nine dollars.
For an additional timber and carriage store-
house at the North Carolina arsenal, twenty-fire
thousand dollars.
For Watervliet arsenal, thirty thousand dollars.
For repairs and preservation of the public build-
ings, fences, drains, culverts, and so forth, at all
the smaller arsenals, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the arsenal
in California, one hundred thousand dollars.
For contingencies of arsenals, ten thousand
dollars.
For repairing the arsenal and two eighteen-
pound gun carriages, at Stonington, Connecticut,
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Springfield armory, Massachusetts,
fifty-five thousand two hundred and;twenty-seven
dollars.
For repairs and improvements and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry, one hundred and one
thousand nine hundred and seven dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, geographical
explorations, and reconnoissances, for military
purposes, and surveys with armies in the field,
ninety-five thousand dollars.
For purchase and repairs of instruments, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
For printing charts of lake surveys, ten thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to employ tem-
porary clerks in the office of the Quartermaster
General, on bounty land service, five thousand
dollars.
For the support of four companies of volunteers
musteied into the service of the United States, at
Camp Scott, Utah Territory, in October, Novem-
ber, and December, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one hundred and seventy-three thousand
four hundred and seventy-eiglit dollars and eighty
cents.
For continuing the construction of the follow-
ing works of defense:
Fort at Hog Island ledge, in Portland harbor,
Maine, forty thousand dollars.
Fort Richmond, Siaten Island, New York har-
bor, New York, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, Delaware, sev-
enty-five thousand dollars.
Fort Carroll, Soller's Pointflats, Baltimore har-
bor, Maryland, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas, Flor-
ida, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Fort Point, San Francisco, California, one
hundied and twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of fortifications, pres-
ervation of sites, protection of titles, and repairs
of sudden damage, thirty thousand dollars.
For construction of permanent platforms for
modern cannon of large caliber in existing fortifi-
cations of important harbors, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For the payment of claims favorably reported
upon by the board of Army officers (appointed
under the sixth section of the act approved Au-
gust thirty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-two)
in their final report to Congress dated April nine-
teenth,eighteen hundred and fifty-five, seven thou-
sand eight hundred and seventy-two dollars and
fifty-two and one third cents.
For the construction of bridges and the improve-
ment of the crossings of streams on the road from
Fort Smith, m Arkansas, to Albuquerque, in New
(Mexico, fifty thousand dollars; and that the sum
of one hundred thousand dollars be, and is here-
by , appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended
in completing connected sections of the road ex-
tendins: from Albuquerque, in the Territory of
New Mexico, westward, on the route to the Col-
