1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
ted under the Lecomp.ton constitution, because it
comes with legality; it comes clothed with the
dignity of representing the will -of the majority,
legally expressed. That is the ground on which
he puts it. What, then,are the historical facts?
The Topeka constitution is avowedly in opposi-
tion to the existing government. Its supporters
ha,ve made that declaration everywhere, and have
boasted of it until this moment. Itisa pretended
government, organized in opposition to the terri-
torial government, which, as I before stated, has
been recognized by the President, by his prede-
cessor, by both branches of the last Congress and
of this Congress, by every department of legiti-
mate government, and by a Republican House of
Representatives themselves; for at the lastsession
of Congress both Houses voted for the payment
of the Territorial Legislature. I say the validity
of the Territorial Legislature was recognized by
the former Executive, Mr. Pierce, and has been
recognized by the present Executive. It has been
recognized by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. fcvery department of this Govern-
ment has recognized it, except Topeka, if that be
a department of the Government. If parties be
referred to in this connection, I say that it has
been recognized by the Democratic party, and also
by the Republican party. Every department of
this Government, and all the party organizations,
have recognized the legality of the territorial
government; and if they had not, it could be well
and easily maintained upon irrefragablelegal prin-
ciples. No man, I suppose, denies our right to
make a territorial government of some sort. No
man denies that we have made such a government
for Kansas, that we have had governors, judges,
marshals, and constables there; that we have had a
code of laws and been acting under them, and have
upheld them but too vigorously,according to the
account of the Senator from Illinois. Such being
the fact, the opposing constitution is a rebellious
constitution, made by men in hostility to the laws
of the land, as the President has justly and truth-
fully said.
The friends of the Topeka constitution stand
here to oppose the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution; and they tell us, in
the first place, that it violates the fundamental
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska act. I have a
few words to say on that act. I know something
of its history and its object, but I shall take it
only as it is on the statute book. Its enemies have
turned its expounders. It is not to be supposed
that they have expounded rightly that which has
always met their opposition. Four years ago,
there was a great clamor raised when we at-
tempted to pass that act, although it was based
upon principles which have been affirmed by every
branch of this Government; affirmed by the ex-
ecutive, by the legislative, and by the judicial de-
partments, and sanctioned by the people at the
popular elections. When we passed the Kansas-
Nebraska act in 1854, there was a greater clamor
raised than, I think, can be gotten upon this ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution, even with the
opposition of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] What was that question on which
such violent denunciations were made; on which
the people were told that liberty was trampled
under foot; on which the North was called to the
rescue, and an appeal was made to the freemen of
that section that their liberties were taken away,
that the South was making aggressions on them,
and that they were dough-faces if they submitted ?
When we came to establish territorial govern-
ments for Kansas and Nebraska, the representa-
tives of the southern States of this Union, who
have the institution of slavery in their midst, rec-
ognized by their laws, affirmed that great prin-
ciple which, after all these struggles and troubles,
has been ended by the proudest and the speediest
vindication that ever a great truth got from an
excited and prejudiced community. We simply
asked you to put no prohibition upon us or our
property. We sought no advantage over you;
but we said: " this is common territory, and we
simply ask that while it is in a territorial condi-
tion we shall be allowed to go there with our prop-
erty, and you with your property, and form a
civil society; and we will give you all the great
advantages which are offered by a territorial gov-
ernment, of protection and peace, until you are
strong enough to protect yourselves and come into
the Union." We simply asked that there should
be no prohibition on us, or our institutions, or
property. Thatwasallourdemand; and the South
then asked for but .one thing in reference to that
bill. I n 1820, in the eighth section of the act known
as an act to admit Missouri into the Union, and
for other purposes, there was a clause that sla-
very, or involuntary servitude, except for crimes,
should never exist in this territory. We said,
" Repeal that, because it is unconstitutional."
We came to the legislative forum; we went to the
executive forum; we went to the judicial forum
we went to the popular forum; and everywhere
we have received the verdict in our favor by the
fair judgment of honest men, North and South.
That was all we demanded. The clause which
seems to be a bone of contention, and to have cre-
ated trouble, and to have been bandied about be-
tween politicians, about popular sovereignty, was
no part or parcel of the demand or of the object
of the bill. We were not then to be taught pop-
ular sovereignty. Wc did not want new lessons
on popular sovereignty in 1854. We had no new
theory on that subject. We said: 44 Here is a law
excluding us from the Territories; repeal it."
After consultation, the Democratic party, with
a largc'body of the Whigs, said: Ci We will re-
peal it, because it is unjust." It was repealed by
gentlemen of the North and the South, constitut-
ing a large majority of this House, and a major-
ity of the other, and maintained, as I have said,
subsequently, by the judiciary and the people.
The effect of that repeal would have been to leave
the people, when they might come to make their
State constitution, free to make a government to
suit themselves; and, m the mean time, it would
admit everybody, and protect everybody, while it
was, under the Government of the United States,
common property. Wc ieclared that when they
came to ask admission into the Union, and clothe
themselves with the attributes of sovereignty, they
should be protected in making a government to
suit themselves and coming into this Union, with
or without slavery, as their constitution might pre-
scribe.
This was all we wanted, but it was said by gen-
tlemen from the northern States that this would
be the subject of misrepresentation, that this sim-
ple repeal might possibly revive the pro-slavery
laws of Louisiana, and whether it did or not, it
would be so charged by the adversaries who were
raising a clamor throughoutthe whole North, and
therefore they asked us to let the bill interpret itself
upon this point. That was the sole reason for the
introduction of the sentence which seems now to
be made in many quarters the chief of the corner.
It was a legislative interpretation of the effect of
repealing the eighth section of the act of 1820. We
desired nothing more than that repeal, and this
legislative interpretation was intended to prevent
misrepresentation in the country. It was said
" it will be charged, that by repealing the act of
1820, we restore the slavery laws, "and many gen-
tlemen supposed that might be the effect. That,
however, was not our object. Holding the princi-
ple which I did, and the greatbody of the gentlemen
with whom I acted, that slavery was lawful where-
ever it was not prohibited, I was content to unite
with those who held the contrary doctrine, that
it was lawful nowhere except where it was ex-
pressly allowed by statute. Being willing to stand
on my own principles, and legislate on my prin-
ciples, and take the consequences of standing on
them, I said, "all I ask of you is a tabula rasa;
therefore, if this can be construed as having the
effect you fear; if it can be injuriously construed
against you in the non-slaveholding States of the
Union; if it will tend to raise a prejudice against
you on this question, and stand in the way of your
carrying out this great principle of constitutional
law, put the fair interpretation in the bill and let
it speak for itself.'5 Hence, we injected what a
distinguished member of the other House and for
a long time a distinguished member of this body,
said was a stump speech into the bowels of the
bill. It was to prevent misrepresentation of it as
I once had occasion to say to the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward.] That was
the sole motive. That clause was that it was
"The true intent and meaning uf this act not to legis-
late slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude Jt
therefiom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to foim and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States,'7
. Thejr were left perfectly free to majte their own
institutions without interference from Congress,
which had assumed in 1820 the right to prescribe
to them that they should not. In 1820, Con-,
gress said, " no matter if every man in Kansas,
if every man in Minnesota, desires to make his
institutions to suit himself, on the subject of
slavery, he shall not be allowed to do so, but
we will do it for him." Congress assumed, as a
matter of conscience, that it was its duty to do
this for the people. To that we objected. We
denied the power and the policy. Upon the ques-
tion of power we have been maintained by the
courts, the expounders of the laws, about whom
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] seems
to think so little. On the policy of the measure
we have been defended by the highest tribunal
known to this country, the people. Who are the
people? Those who are enfranchised by the
thirty-one sovereign States, who have a right to
speak in the Government. I do not care whether
they are white or black; I do not care whether
they are rich or poor; I do not care for what rea-
son any class may be excluded—I say it belongs
to these thirty-one sovereignties to judge for them-
selves into whose hands they will commit ci,vil
power, into whose hands they will plac.e the elect-
ive franchise. We have appealed to them'as " the
people," the only people known to the lav?s, the
only people known to the Constitution,'' perfectly
free," free to execute this right according to law
and in no other manner.
The idea of the Topekaites, that under the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act persons were to be allowed to
vote at the ballot-box whenever they thought
proper, and that those who did not like the terri-
torial government might make a rebellion against
it for themselves, is a "perfect freedom" that was
discovered by the enemies of the bill; not by its
friends. To this day none of the friends of the
measure, none of its legitimate expounders, have
ever held any such "perfect freedom" as that.
That is a "perfect freedom" claimed bv its ene-
mies. They could not get. their views indorsed
here, nor in the other House, nor before the
courts, nor before the people; and they have at-
tempted to strangle a great measure, to which they
are opposed, by interpretation. The quesiton is
a plain one. The law as written is easily inter-
preted. Who are "the people?" and how do
they speak ? We know of no people in this coun-
try except those recognized as such by law. In
the formation of this Government, I believe Con-
necticut and Massachusetts were recognized as
republican States, but they put limitations on the
right of suffrage; they excluded men from voting
if they were not freemen of a town. My own State
excluded some because of their color, and so did
many of the non-slaveholding States. Rhode
Island and Virginia excluded men because they
did not own land. North Carolina excluded them
for some purpose because they did not have land,
and granted the franchise to the lack-landers for
other purposes. She divided it between land-
holders and lack-landers. Other States excluded
from the right of suffrage those who would not
perform military duty. It was conceded that it
was for the governing power to determine those
who should share at the ballot-box in its exer-
cise; and when they have spoken, this Govern-
ment has never inquired into its rightfulness or
its republicanism.
Sir, this Government never could have been
formed on modern wisdom. It was formed on a
very simple plan by those who met in 1787, at
Philadelphia. They found these various provis-
ions as to the qualifications of voters in the thir-
teen sovereignties which met there to make a
Constitution. Massachusetts might have wanted
her own rule; Rhode Island hers; Virginia hers.
My own State was more liberal in her franchise.
She had but one distinction. She gave political
power to everyman that bore on his face a white
skin. We chose to make that a test. 1^ know
some gentlemen think it is unjust, but we do not.
When we came into the Union the same test was
made by two thirds of the States, that the voters
should be white. Some inserted an additional
clause against the universal right of suffrage even
by white men, by which thousands and tens of
thousands^ men who fought for the liberties of
the country, as we say in ordinary parlance, lived
and died excluded from the right of ever deposit-
ing a single ballot in the ballot-box, or once cast-
