1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
ceptance of Congress, become the geat of Govern-
ment of the United States. It was anticipated at
the time this Constitution was formed that there
would be a cession of ten miles square madefor
the purposes of the Government of the United
States. Although the Constitution was made in
1787, and the cession was not made from Mary-
land and Virginia until 1791, yet there was an
anticipation in the Constitution that this cession
would be made, and provision was made that
Congress should exercise an exclusive Jurisdic-
tion over the territory thus to be ceded. The con-
sequcnce is that the District of Columbia became
a Territory, or a quasi Territory. It is not an
ordinary Territory, because our Territories are
entitled to Delegates upon this floor; it is not a
State, because the States are represented here;
but it is a quasi Territory, under the control of
Congress.
It was suggested by the honorable chairman of
the committee who reported this bill, that the
mode of appointing the officers provided for in
this bill, is limited by the provision of the Consti-
tution (section two,article two) which requires that
the President of the United States shall appoint
all officers under the Federal Government. The
answer I have to make to that is, in the first place,
that these are not Federal officers contemplated in
the Constitution of the United States. It does not
relate to any officers of the local magistracy. It
cannot relate to any such officers, because they
are provided for under the ample powers of the
provision of the Constitution to which I have al-
eady adverted, and because, if that is the construc-
tion which-should be put upon this clause of the
Constitution, then by what right do the people of
this city to-day elect their Mayor? The Mayor
is just as much an officer of the Federal Govern-
ment as any officer whose appointment is con-
templated in this bill. But from the granting of
the first charter of the city of Washington, in 1802,
down to this time, the people have exercised the
power of voting for the officers of this corpora-
tion under the authority of that act of Congress.
I need say nothing more upon the question of
power. The power is full, ample, unlimited, and
sufficient.
Mr. GOODE. I did not hear the gentleman's
first ucc
Mr. THOMPSON. There are two clauses of
the Constitution which authorize Congress to ex-
ercise unlimited power over the District of Colum-
bia in reference to appointments and everything
else—the one already mentioned, and that which
gives to Congress power to make all needful rules
and regulations for Territories. Now, as I have
stated, m 1802 Congress gave to the inhabitants
of the city of Washington a municipal charter.
They reserved the right of eminent domain, and
delegated all the functions of local sovereignty to
the people of the District. They did it upon the
principle that it was not consonant with the genius
of American institutions to hold the twenty, thirty,
forty, or fifty thousand people who might settle
here in a state of perpetual pupilage, in a state
of organic pauperism as to political rights and
privileges, thus encouraging a total disregard of
all personal responsibility, and a habit of looking
to the Government for everything. If a contrary
policy had been pursued, it would have created
a different people from that which exists in any
other part of the United States. At first, the Pres-
ident appointed the Mayor; but after a while the
people had authority to elect their own Mayorand
their own aldermen and inferior officers. And in
the tenth section of the act giving a charter to the
city of Washington, the power of taxation was
limited to seventy-five cents upon the hundred
dollars.
Now, sir, we had no complaints for a period of
more than fifty years that the system of police or-
ganized by the Mayor and Common Council did
not work to the protection of the lives and property
of the citizens of this District. There was no dif-
ficulties suggested on the subject. But after awhile,
it was supposed, as the city enlarged, that Con-
gress ought to do something; that, having a large
interest here, having immense buildings to pro-
tect, and extensive grounds that were adorned and
beautified, to take care of, Congress ought to do
something by way of assisting the city authorities
in the maintenance of an adequate police force.
The consequence was, that the law which it is now
proposed to repeal in part, was enacted, giving an
auxiliary guard of some thirty men, paid by Con- i
gress, for the purpose of assisting the police of the I
city. I
Now, sir, this was inaugurating a policy, as the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Q,uitman] says,
which was entirely new. It was inaugurating a
policy which no State had inaugurated. Neither
Massachusetts, nor New York, nor South Caro-
lina, nor any other State in this Confederacy had
ever seen fit to organize or maintain a police force
in the city where the capital of the State was sit-
uated. How has the thing operated? Why, gen-
tlemen have said upon this floor, and I presume
it is true, as it has not been controverted, that the
system has operated inharmoniously; that these
forces have become antagonistic forces; that the
force of the city operates in one way, and the force
of the Federal Government operates in another
way, and that they come in conflict. Gentlemen
have said here, without contradiction, that when
the officers of one department were in the very act
of arresting a criminal, the officers of the other
department would stand by and refuse to render
assistance. I do not know how this is, but it has
been alleged on this floor to be a fact and has not
been contradicted. The reason of it is this: you
can never have an efficient police force, unless that
force emanates from a single power, whatever that
power may be; unless it has relation to a single
head; unless it has concentration; unless it is or-
ganized upon the principle of the spider and his
web, so that one head controls, and one will gov-
erns, and men are responsible to a power one and
indivisible. The directing power must be a unit,
simple, single, and undivided. Well, sir, if the
two forces now in existence do not operate har-
moniously, why would you increase one of these
forces? Would they operate any more harmoni-
ously than they now do ? In order to have that
harmonious operation, you must alter the thing
radically in principle, for if you make a vicious
system good men cannot make it operate well.
The fault, after all, must be in the system more
than in the men; and this is my opinion of the
matter.
Sir, it is said we must increase this force be-
cause life is unsafe, because property is unsafe.
Is life more unsafe in this District than in other
cities ? I know not;, but the Mayor of this city
states in answer to a certain inquiry propounded
to him by a committee of the Senate, that there
is a spirit of lawlessness pervading the whole
land; that deeds of violence and bloodshed are
perpetrated even in villages and hamlets; and that
all the citiesofthecountry arc suffering to a greater
extent than ever before from the prevalence of
this spirit in their midst. So that the Mayor of
this city repudiates the idea that theie is a greater
amount of crime existing in this city than in other
cities of like extent.
Now the question arises, how are you to pro-
duce a better state of things? One gentleman
says, by a preventive police. Another gentle-
man says, by moral force. Now, I beg leave
to say to gentlemen who think that the whole
security of the body-politic rests in a preventive
police, that there is no such thing as a physical
preventive police. Your preventive police is in
your pulpit, and in your school-houses, and in
the prompt administration of law. That is the
only preventive police. Why, if you intend to
have a preventive police of an amount sufficient
to protect all the members of Congress and all the
strangers and all the citizens of this place, from
injury, you would want a policeman to every sin-
gle individual; and even then you cannot prevent
the deliberate act of the assassin, who chooses to
seek out his victim and murder him cither in
daylight or in the dead of night. Why, on this
principle the force proposed by this bill is not half
enough. If we are to have a preventive police I
would assign the chief, as having the largest sal-
ary, to the President to take care of him. I would
assign the captain, with his $1,200 a year, to the
Secretary of the Interior, because the recent ag-
gression on him shows that perhaps he is in some
danger. And then here are four lieutenants—I
would assign them to the guardianship of the Sen-
ate, as they arc high in office and in character.
Perhaps they would be sufficient for the protec-
tion of the Senate. And then here are the hun-
dred policemen. If this is to be a preventive police
we would want two hundred and thirty-four—one
for each member of Congress. Each member of
Congress, on the principle of this being a protect-
ive police, ought to have one to go with him by
day and to take care of him by night.
Now I have one suggestion to make in regard
to all this. You cannot protect life, and you can-
not protect property, through the instrumentality
of a mere preventive police. Why, sir, it has been
ascertained, I believe, by gentlemen who have
studied the annals of criminal jurisprudence pretty
accurately, that crime seems to be periodical. It
has its peculiar phases. In some countries and
ages it takes a peculiar form, such as assassina-
tion at one time, poisoning at another, dx-owning
at a third, and so on. Crime has its cycles, and
it may have its locations also. I do not say, I
would not be uncharitable enough to say, that
crime increases at the seat of Government just in
proportion as our friends of the Democratic party
happen to be in power.
Now, sir, it is suggested that there are three
difficulties m the way of the present police acting
efficiently for the protection of persons and prop-
j erty. The one difficulty suggested is this: that
the members of this police force are incompetent
and vicious; the second is, that the criminal court
is inefficient; and the third is, that the Mayor is
unfit for his position. All these suggestions have
been made on this floor. Now, sir, I need not
refer to the fact, in proof of this, mentioned yes-
terday by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] that he met two of these police offi-
cers on the sidewalk in a state of intoxication.
In regard to the Mayor, I need not advert to the
proof furnished by the grand jury, that peaceful
citizens in this city, in June last, were shot down
by a body of marines, led on under the direction
of this Mayor, who was then being voted for as
a candidate for the mayoralty. The grand jury
found that fact. Now, if that be so—and I simply
take up these accusations as I find them—whose
fault is it? Whose fault is it that the police force
of this city is inefficient, and fails to protect per-
sons and property? I answer, it is the fault of
the people of this city, who have the power in
their own hands, through their Mayor, of cor-
recting the evil—who have the police force under
their direction and supervision.
Butsuppose you divide this responsibility; sup-
pose you permit part of the force to remain as the
force of the city, and another part under the con-
trol of Congress: you only increase the evil; and
if the citizens of this District should blot out their
entire force, and we should organize one hundred
or one hundred and fifty men for the protection
of persons and property in this city, the citizens
—paying nothing, and being under no responsi-
bility—would be under no obligation to see that
the Mayor of this city was a man fit for the po-
sition to which he aspired.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentle-
man mean to argue that by increasing the police
force you increase the evil?
Mr. THOMPSON. I mean to argue this: that
insomuch as you relieve the people of this Dis-
trict from all responsibility, and take away from
them the privilege of controlling mediately their
police force, through the Mayor whom they are
to elect, and who is to nominate the police force,
you lessen their interest in the government of this
city.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand the gentleman
from New York to take the position, in effect,
that the Democratic Administration is responsi-
ble, to a ereat extent, for this disorder.
Mr. THOMPSON. I have not said it.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to say that it is very
! unfair to hold the President and the Administra-
i tion responsible for disorders here, and at the
I same time deny to them the power to control a
| police to put them down.
I Mr. THOMPSON. I do not know that the
I President has anything to do with it. I have
I more rcspect for the President of the United States
! than to degrade him to the level of a police cap-
j tain, and to have his proclamation run," 1, James
> Buchanan, President of the United States, and
captain of the police of Washington." I do not
; want to append a tail of that kind to his title.
! Now, sir, I say that the people of this District
j ought to control the police force of this District,
; That is the principle on which I stand. If they
, are not able to control that police force or to pay
1 it, 1 would afford them the means by a donation
• from Congress for that purpose. But I would
