1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
have no divided responsibility; I would not have
two organizations; I would have unity, consol-
idation; and harmonious, not antagonistic,"action
on the part of the police officers. But the inhab-
itants who live here,who have their property here,
who have their wives, their children, and. all their
interests here—I would not relieve them from the
responsibility of seeing that their city is well gov-
erned, and turn it over to a police force under the
authority of, and paid by, the General Govern-
ment.
Now, three various modes have been suggested
of appointing this police force, provided the force
is to be increased. My colleague from New York
[Mr. John Cochrane] does not like the idea of
submitting the election of these police officers direct
to the people, because he is afraid that rogues
Would choose rogues to take care of the interests of
the city. Well, if the idea that the people are ca-
pable of governing themselves is a myth and a fal-
lacy, let us discard it at once. In our towns, the
people elect the constables and police officers of the
town, as well as justices;and even in the State of
New York, we have intrusted the people with the
election of judges; and the system has worked
well so far. For my part, I would not hesitate,
if a system of that kind were proposed, to give to
the people the election of their police officers, just
as they elect their Mayor and Common Council.
Although a man may be vicious himself, he has
an interest in the body-politic. He admires vir-
tue and courage and uprightness in the public
officer, and he wants the protection of law. The
probability is—and such fact has been demon-
strated throughout the country—that the people
will elect just as good men as would be chosen
by other means. Still, I would not be particular
on that point. The second, by the President, to
which I object. The third, by the nomination of
the Mayor and approval of the Aldermen, which
X deem the correct mode.
It is said that there are three sources of the in-
creased criminality and vice in the city of Wash-
ington. Some gentlemen say that these rowdies
who are about the parks, and in other parts of the
city, rendering life insecure, have been brought
here as applicants for office. Well, I think that
thing may be reformed very easily. If gentlemen
who are candidates for office, members of Congress
or anything else, will not promise twenty men the
same office, provided theywork for their election,
I think there would be very little difficulty 011 that
subject. If twenty men are promised the same
office, the nineteen men who do not get it will be-
come exasperated, and will endeavor to get their
pay in retribution and vengeance. A preventive
police cannot remedy this difficulty—that correct-
ive lies with us. I suppose our side of the House
will have but very little difficulty upon that sub-
ject, and the majority can reform, in that regard,
whenever they please. It is hardly necessary
that Congress, or the city of Washington, should
be put to the extra expense for the purpose of
correcting an evil of that description.
In the second place, reference has been had to
the liquor establishments in this place. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Singlrton] went
into an enumeration of the number of liquor es-
tablishments there were in this city, and I think
he stated that there was one to every fifty inhab-
itants. Where docs the reformation of that evil
lie? It lies with the people of this city. Are
they to keep open these rum-shops for the purpose
of corrupting the people, and then call upon us
to organize and pay an additional constabulary
for the purpose of preventing the disastrous ef-
fects of them? Nothing can be more unjust and
unwise. The people can shut those places of pol-
lution and crime, and thus, in a great measure,
cut off the evils of rowdyism resulting from drunk-
enness.
In the third place, it is said that the courts are
inefficient; that the criminal judge of this city is
inefficient and negligent in the discharge of his
official duties. I am not acquainted with that
judge, and I know nothing about him personally.
That is an evil which can be corrected in the
proper way. But though you should have one
policeman to every member of Congress, and to
every citizen of Washington, they could notcor-
rect that evil. It does not he in the power of the
police force to correct the evil of an inefficientand
lax administration of justice.
J did not intend to say much upon this subject.
I wish now merely to suggest the mode in which
I think all the difficulties of the bill of my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Goode,] the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, can be
obviated. I would establish a system something
like this: I would have the whole police force of
the city of Washington subject to the nomination
of the Mayor, with the approval of the board of
Alderman or Common Council; I would have the
force a city force, responsible to the Mayor, and
removable by him, with the consent of the body
with which he acts; I would have a single head;
and if the city is able to raise only about twenty-
five thousand dollars for the purpose of paying
the expenses of that force, I, for one, would agree
to vote an additional amount of $50,000 from the
public Treasury—double the amount the city
should raise—to enable them to maintain an effi-
cient police force for the protection of life and
property in this city.
Mr. GOODE. That is substantially the plan
now in force in this city.
Mr. THOMPSON. But the difficulty is, as
they themselves claim, that those men who are
in office are inefficient and vicious, and that the
Mayor is not a proper person. I say that the cor-
rection of that evil lies not in the police force, but
in the people themselves; and if they will not cor-
rect it themselves, no increase of the police will
be of any substantial benefit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But we cannot rely
upon the people.
Mr. THOMPSON. The gentleman says we
cannot rely upon the people. Has it come to that,
that the people of the city of Washington are not
capable of self-government, and are to be held in
a state of perpetual pupilage to the General Gov-
ernment; that theyare to have no self-reliance, no
self-respect; that they are to exercise no political
privilege like the rest of us? I am unwilling to
degrade them to a level so low.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It has been repeat-
edly remarked that a large portion of the popu-
lation of the city of Washington is of a floating
character, and that is an additional reason why
they cannot contribute more largely to the ex-
pense of maintaining a police.
Mr. THOMPSON. I obviate that difficulty by
appropriating $50,000, double what the city con-
tributes, for the purpose of enabling them to main-
tain a police force. But you never can have a
divided police which will amount to anything.
It will be " city mouse" or " country mouse."
Why, this police under the General Government
will feel that their dignity is much greater than
that of tho city police, and the system must work'
inharmoniously and in antagonism. I intend at
the proper time to offer an amendment to this bill
by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
embodying what I have shadowed forth in stating
my views upon this subject.
Mr. SCALES. I did not intend, Mr. Chair-
man, to have anything to say upon the question
now before the committee. It is true, I am a
member of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and concurred in reporting this bill. But,
sir, this debate has taken such a range—so many
things have been introduced into it—that I feel
called upon, as a member of that committee, to
give some of the reasons why we chose to recom-
mend this bill to the House. I say I am surprised
at the course which this debate has taken. I am
more surprised that it has assumed a partisan
character. I had hoped that a bill of this sort, in
which we all feel an interest, or all ought to feel
an interest, would at least he free from anything
like party prejudice and party bias. But it seems
that no bill can be introduced here, I care not how
sacred the object, I care not how pure its aims
and the motives in which it originated, I care not
how commendable the origin, but the charge is
made that it is brought into being for party pur-
poses. Is this a reason why the Administration
should be assaulted upon this question r Is this
a proper bill to call forth the denunciation of gen-
tlemen on this fiooragainst the Democratic party,
or against any party which might be in power?
Yet, sir, that is done. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Comins ,] the other day, intro-
duced this kind of discussion, by using language
in regard to the Administration which—without
attempting to lecture him, or endeavoring to in-
struct him in good manners—it struck me was not
proper and courteous The Administration, he
said, had reached such a point of corruption that
even an attempt at modesty and purity manifested
in it would excite ridicule and contempt.
Now, sir, I am not here to vindicate the char-
acter of this Administration. It does not need
any vindication at my hands. The shafts of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will fall harmless
at its feet. I will not undertake to decide how
pure or how modest the sentiment uttered by the
gentleman was; but, sir, I do undertake to say
that if its expression is as deficient in modesty and
purity as it is in fact, then, sir, it has little in it
to redeem it from the contempt which, he says,
awaits the Administration.
Now, sir, what are some of the objections urged
against this bill? It was said by the gentleman
who was last upon the floor, by the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] the other day, and
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. GIuit-
man,] that it is anti-Democratic; that it is tramp-
ling upon the rights of the people; that it is sub-
verting popular sovereignty. Trampling upon
the rights of the people! In what, sir? What
does the bill propose? To impair and infringe
any right? Not at all, sir; but to aid the people
in preventing bloodshed, violence, and assassina-
tion in this city. The inestimable and invaluable
right of which we deprive them, is that we will
not permit them to cut each other's throats!
But, sir, is it a subversion of popular sover-
eignty ? If it is, then I ask gentlemen who oppose
it upon that ground to pass over the bill, and go
back to the Constitution which gives Congress
exclusive jurisdiction over the District. Yes, sir,
the Constitution of the country, for wise and good
purposes, gives jurisdiction over this District to
Congress. If the Constitution is anti-republican
and anti-democratic, then this bill is anti-repub-
lican and anti-democratic. If the Constitution is
not, then the bill is not either. But, sir, it does
not subvert popular sovereignty. Do we propose,
I ask again, to take away any right from the peo-
ple of this District? f^ot at all. They have had
m their hands the government and the regulation
of the police of this city: how have they done it?
Need I tell gentlemen the state of things which
now exists in this city? Is there a man who has
been here a day and a night who is ignorant of
it? Crime stalks abroad; there is no law, or if
there is a law, no power to execute the law. Our
own sense of personal insecurity and danger proves
that there is a necessity for some action on the
part of Congress. The people will not do it; they
have the power, and yet nothing has been done.
Is this state of things to continue and to be per-
mitted by Congress? Are we to fold our arms and
say that, because we will not subvert popular
sovereignty, the people may go on and cut each
other's throats—not, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee said the other day, " subject to the Con-
stitution," because the Constitution gives us the
power to prevent it, if we dare to exercise that
power.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Q.dit-
man] says that we have as much right to interfere
in any other city where the General Government
has a navy-yard or any other property. Can
that be so, sir? The Constitution gives us juris-
diction over this city, but over no other city; and
here we have exclusive jurisdiction. Sir, it is not
only our right, but it is our bounden duty. We
have all of us constituents who are interested in
this city and in its government. It is theirs.
They have a right to come here, and Whilst here
to be secure in their porsons and property. We
have the same right. The foreign ministers have
a right to be protected. Strangers from foreign
lands have a right to be protected. Shall it be said
here, in the capital of a great nation like America,
here, under the very eye of Congress, and when
we have the powerin our hands to prevent it, that
we are to sit by and allow this state of things to
remain as a burning shame and lasting disgrace
upon our escutcheon ? Where is there a city in
any foreign land that is in the condition in which
the city of Washington now is?
This bill provides that the appointing power
shall be in the President of the United States.
Gentlemen say that it will be used for partisan
purposes, and that the President is a party man
and will appoint some party favorite, withoutref-
erence to his qualifications, to be chief of police.
Mr. Chairman, the same argument was used when
the command of the Army and the appoinment of
