2636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator from
Georgia, as I was one of those who said I was
willing to take the price, that my impression is
that the present price would be more favorable to
the publisher than the old one, and the limitation
proposed is one to which no objection can be made
except that Iv think, with such information as I
have, it will cost a little more money.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would risk what little estate
I have in the world on that.
Mr. CAMERON. I have prepared an amend-
ment such as was suggested by tlie Senator from
Georgia, which I think will meet his views. I un-
derstand he has no objection except as to the cost.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken, for
I am opposed to it entirely. This is not the way
to do such a thing. Nothing will satisfy me except
bringing it m in a separate bill, giving it proper
examination, and allowing me to vote intelligently
upon carrying on so important a branch of the
public service as this.
Mr. CAMERON. My amendment is:
Provided* That the rates for Mich woik shall not cxcccd !
the rates now p ml lor comjju-sMon.il puutmg. !
Mr. PUGH. I call the attention of the Senator j
from Pennsylvania to the fact that we have passed |
a bill intended to retrench some of the extravu- j
gartce in the printing. Why not as well have the
bonelit of our own experience? !
Mr. CAMERON. We have not passed any ;
bill to reduce the pi ices. j
Mr. PUGH. YVe have retrenched a groat many 1
other things, and I thought we had retrenched the :
prices. i
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Did I understand the j
Senator from Georgia to move an amendment ? j
Mr. TOOMRS. Yet?, sir. i
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am willing, so far a? j
1 know anything; about it, to accept an amend- '
ment restricting the priors to the piescnt lates of
public printing. i
Mr. TOOMBS. T have not come to that point 1
yet. I have been emh'avonng to seek' from thos • ;
who are anxious to adopt this amendment to get
some sort of idea as to the basis they me vnung ;
upon, and 1 again repeat, there does not seem to j
be a human being in the Senate who knows. All ;
they say is, do it. Why do it to-day > Why do,
it without investigation ? Why not let me and
other gentlemen know, and let yourselves know,
thai, in contracting for this work, winch it is sup-
posed on the one side may cost ^200,000, and on
the other $Si)0,00!), you are having it done prop-
erly, having it done ;U fair rates ? That is ail I
ask. The reason f moved ihe amendment was,
l hat tather than be in the dat k about it, 1 wanted to
have something in the w.iy of a cheek. I profess
to be ignorant about it, and I think it is the duty :
of those who ask me to vote away hundreds of
thousands of public money to enlighten my igno-
rance, and let me know what this is to cost, I
should not he willing to vote on an amendment
involving so large an amount of public money '
without giving some account. I
Mr. DAVJS. i will say to the Senator that it j
isutnwly impossible that anybody, even if he had i
made a special study of the subject, could give ;
lum that information. The gross amount to be
paid must depend on the amount of m.itier to be ;
printed. That amount of matter will depend upon |
the action of the servants of the Senateand House
of Representatives. These persons are not to
select what they will print, but the Societal y of j
the Sen.i'e and Clerk ol the House o{ Represent- i
ativus will send to tiwm that which is to be pi in ted, 1
and they will pnnt wh.it is went to them. U is j
uiteiiy impossioie, theiefore, lot any one now to !
tell what i! •• amount of matter will be, and what
the cost will be. i
Air. TOOMBS. The Senator is oil' my point.
I want to know whether the terms granted by the
amendment are sueh as are now given for public
printing, as 1 presume that must be eonsideied by
I^ Congress to be the standard of fairness.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will say that a'l the mforma- ,
tion I had 011 that subject nefoie the debate com-
menced was, that it was a haul contract on the
publishers to take tin- rates of lc\il; and the m- '
formation lhavois, that thepiesent iatos o(,eom- 1
position ai^ so much iugheras to more than eoun-
terbalance disadvantage in piess-woik by ti.oold ,
rates.
Mr. TOOMBS. There seems to bo a veiygivat ,
desire to give these gentlemen a coiuuv I, and I !
am sure I have no objection so far as they are
personally concerned, but I do not want tkem to
have a hard contract. I do not wish to put even
on bad men a bad contract, much less on good
men. It is said these gentlemen are excellent
people. I think the Government ought not in any
case to employ anybody to do work without pay-
ing a fair and honest consideration for it. If the
terms arc hard, I donotwantto put them on them
on that account. It is no recommendation to me
that the terms you propose to put on these old
gentlemen are hard. 1 will not put a hard con-
tiact on them. If they can do the work as well
as other people, and the contract is a hard one, I
will make it an easy one. I am willing to pay
fairly and honestly what it is worth. I know noth-
ing about it and nobody here can tell me anything
about it. Supposing from the indications exhib-
ited by those who have spoken on the amend-
ment, that it would prevail, I wanted some check.
Prom my general knowledge of the book busi-
ness, which i3 very limited, confined pretty much
to my own profession, I know that law books are
generally about one half what they were a cen-
tury ago.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him *
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAM ERON. The Senator from Georgia,
and no other Senator, can tell what the prices are
now. The prices are fixed by law, but he cannot
tell me what they are. The work before was done
under the law of 1319, fixing certain rates of
prices for printing, which no man but a printer i
understands. That is one of the difficulties. If |
we had time we could go on and show the cost |
ofcach volume. It would be difficult to toll the I
number of volumes, but the amendment suggested ]
by the Senator coveis the whole difficulty, by :
confining the pricey to those now allowed, so that j
what is compiled by the cleiks of the two Houses i
will be printed according to tin' present law. \
Those ordeted befoie were punted under the law •
of IH10.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wanted to get at that fact,
for it is within my knowledge, from my legisla-
tive expeiience, that the rates of 1819 were ex-
orbitant. I know that, m the Twenty-Ninth
Oongiess,a public Printer was elected on the con-
dition that he should take oif one third those
pri-'es; and we had at some previous time agreed
with these very gentlemen to do the public print- I
nig for a reduction on the prices of 1819 of twen- I
ty-ftve pei cent., or it may have been as much as 1
from ,
but I ;
at :
i>1<) 1
i lecolieet, that at one session Mr. Ritchie was ap-
pointed public Printer, and inasmuch a.; the je- ■
duction was not made at the time he was elected, j
he refused to print under the reduced price, and ,
there was a dilference of some ^50,0ll0 or ^75,000. i
| Those rates were considered so exorbitant, that
a bill was passed, at the Twenty-Ninth Congress,
oideimg tlie public printing to be put out to tin;
lowest bidder, and it was taken at one fourth the
rates of 18J9. 1 happen to know the.-v fae,ts m
the disehaige of my duties ho re. It is now pro-
posed to pmit tins work, extending over a series
ol yi'.'fs, thirty years back, and wu do not know
the number of volumes, and we are told it is im-
(oxsible to toll. Ought we not, then, at least to
lave some security that the rates we are propos-
ing to allow me reasonable and proper, and nc-
coidmg to the pi ics of Mich labor m the country
now' Why should we go back to the rates of
1810? 1 am unwilling to do so. 1 thmk it un-
wise and injudicious. J would not manage my
own business m that way, and I should be al-
most ashamed to tiade with a Senate era body
tSmt would deal with me m that way. I would
lather deal with the committee of a man who
would act in that way, than with himself. We
do not know whether the pi ices are too much or
too ht'le; but I put the standaid now allowed by
law. Whether that standard be accuiate, I do
not know; whether it is too much or too little, 1
cannot say. Certain I am, however, that the
ra'es of I8i9 are excessive, and have been so de-
cided hy Congress, and have been so regarded
by those veiy eontiaUors. i presume that the
tales at which we now have .such busnie-s done
aie jubt and lair, or rather it is moie probable
liuiiy-thieo and a thiul pei cent. I sprv
memory-, 1 do not ptofess to be a^nu
am sure they agieed to do the publn
a very huge reduction on the lafes
that they are just, than that the prices of 1319
are.
In the first place, I do not believe in the neces-
sity of this publication; and I would oppose it at
all hazards. I would not order the publication at
all, and especially not now. This is not a good
time to make a contract to the amount of eight
hundred thousand or a million dollars, if it be so
much; and nobody can say that it is not. In the
next place, when so large a work is to be done,
and is to continue for so great a length of time, I
think it is important that you should have it done
at the best rates you can, giving a fair remunera-
tion to the printer. You might get the Harpers,
or somebody else who have greater facilities for
publishing, to do the work.
The integrity of these gentlemen, of which we
have heard so much, is not at all involved; for,
according to the amendment, the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the Bouse of Represent-
atives are tlie persons to give out the documents.
I do not know that these gentlemen are very good
compilers. The Clerk of the other House is gen-
erally changed at every new Congress; and you
may have a different Secretary here whenever you
choose. I do not know that these officers are the
proper persons to collect papers of such import-
ance, for preservation by this Government. At
all events, these are facts which ought to be looked
into ami inquired about. I should think they
were worthy of a special committee; certainly
they desei ve some investigation by a regular com-
mittee, m order that Senators, before they vote
away so huge an amount of public money, may
understand the facts of the case. Now, they do
not understand them; they are acting ignorantly,
as they admit. Nobody eon give any informa-
tion as to the amount of the work, or Us cost, or
whether the rates are right or not. I know the
public printing has been done at a large reduction
on the rates of 1819; and if these are the rates, as
the Senator from Pennsylvania says they are, I
have no doubt this is a splendid bonus to be given
to these parties.
Mi. BENJAMIN. I have been cndcavonng
ever since I have been in Congress to get the con-
sent of the Senate to the punting of these books.
I have done so because I have found them entirely
indispensable in the study of the questions that
arc brought before the Senate. Perhaps in the
particular committee of which the Senate has done
me the honor to name me chairman, these books
are in more daily use than in any other cornmit-
1 tee of the Senate. We could not proceed a week
without them. I have felt the difficulty and labor
of tuvesiig \ting questions submitted to that com-
mittee in bavin; to look over the executive doc-
uments, through the scattered volumes in which
they a>*e to be found. \ will not enlarge on the
subject. [ formerly stated my opinions on it to
tin* Senate.
, A gentleman of the ability of theSenator ftom
Georgia can find specious objections to a m< as-
; ure to winch he is generally opposed, as he pro-
, losses to be to tins. It is not astonishing that he
1 can find something to say against it; and vet I do
' think 'lirre is something inconsistent in the dif-
■ ferent objections he urges. Tins woik has been
! commenced; it has been done formeily by men
, who have done it to the entire satisfaction of the
| country. The proposition is that they go on and
bung their work to date; and what is more nat-
ural than to say that it should be continued as it
1 had formerly been done, compiled as it had for-
! merly been compiled, printed as it had formerly
' been printed, and paid for as it had formerly been
I paid foi ? No objection was made to any of these
i points; and theivfoie it was but natural to offer
; the proposition for the continuation of the entire
work on the same terms as those on which it was
| originally commenced. Yet there was   consid-
; oration that did strike mo, and to which the Sen-
ator from G> otgia has alluded, and into winch I
inquired. The proposition was to do the woik
at the same rates as were formerly paid, or not
to exceed these rates. [ did then make inquiry
as to the relative cost of printing m 1331, ami .it
the present day, and T was informed that the ra-vs
' at that time were thirty-three and one third per
1 'VU. lower than now; that the puec was not as
i.rO{\| as the puce nt the present day.
Mr. FSSSENDE >T. There is a gaent falling
off m press-work and paper, and all inat:-nals.
1 Mr. BENJAMIN. Thcio may be a falling off
