§26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
ing a vote at the hustings. The framers of the"
Constitution said " we will not fix any rule; it is
a local question; it is one we cannot control; it is
impossible for us to settle it; we will leave it to
the States, and therefore we will say that who-
ever is entitled under State laws to vote for mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of the Legis-
lature in any one State, shall be entitled to vote
for members of Congress. That was a simple
solution. The convention did not say to Vir-
ginia, you must include black people; it did not
say to Massachusetts, you must exclude blacks;
it did not say to Virginia, you must let in the
lack-landers; but it said to each State, determine
for yourselves what portion of your community
it is safe to intrust with political power and we
will take your rule, and whoever your laws en-
franchise for the most numerous branch of your
Legislative shall stand enfranchised for the officers
of this Government. That was the simple rule.
When I speak of the people of Kansas, I speak
of the people whom the law has declared are en-
titled to vote, who vote because the law gives the
right. As for inherent sovereignty, I know it not;
it is an absurdity; it is not an idea of government;
it is not an idea of liberty. It does not exist in
nature. It exists nowhere but in the fancy or
brains of some politicians who want to work them-
selves out of a dilemma, by manufacturinga term.
God gives nobody the light to vote; nature gives
nobody the right to vote. Ten men necessarily
have no natural right, and no divine right that I
know of, to govern nine. It is a question of con-
vention.
Mr. WADE. The people of Missouri seem to
have that " divine right."
Mr. TOOMBS. If they make any such claim,
it is a bad claim. They may, like others, set up
a bad claim; but I do not think they claim any
such thing in this case. I am putting the ques-
tion on the great fundamental principles that will
live through all time and all ages. Missouri may
violate them, Ohio may violate them; but they
will live as long as liberty is preserved. Those
whom the Constitution and the laws have enfran-
chised, are the people, and the only people meant
in legal sense, the only people anybody by any
possibility could mean in this act. You did not
mean women, you did not mean children, you did
not mean idiots. Whom did you mean? The
people under the government you were making.
You made a government, and declared in the act
creating it, who should be enfranchised, and how
other people should be afterwards enfranchised.
I say now, it did not necessarily happen, and
perhaps it was impossible that it could Happen in
a single one of the thirteen original States of the
Union, that its constitution was ever adopted by
a majority of its people, in fact or by consent; be-
cause most of them were adopted by conventions,
and they were divided into districts for the pur-
pose or electing delegates to the conventions.
Population is the usual rule for such divisions.
In our section of the country, we usually take the
Federal population, including whites and blacks,
according to the proportions recognized in tfie
Federal Constitution. You take numbers, but
you do not by any means determine how many
of them are voters. I think probably Kansas
comes nearer to proposing an absolute naked rule
of governing by numbers than any community I
have ever known. The Lecompton constitution
was based more nearly on that idea than any
which has ever come under my observation. They
obliterated all county lines, took a census, and
said, we will have sixty members in the conven-
tion; we will take the whole population and di-
vide it by sixty, and give the same proportion all
over the Territory. 1 say that is more nearly ac-
cording to mere numbers than any instance I
have known.
When we proclaimed that the people should be
free to form their institutions, we declared who
were the people who had the right to make insti-
tutions. They are made in our country by rep-
resentation. We provided a government for this
Territory; the people elected a Territorial Legis-
lature, and they were to govern through that Le-
gislature until their admission into the Union as
a State, and then the people whom the constitu-
tion enfranchised were the people intrusted with
the power of making, altering, and changing their
government. That is a plain proposition which
nobody can mistake who will look at the law.
That point was provided for in the very bill from
which this clause is seized. It said that at the
first election every citizen of the United States,
over twenty-one years of age should vote, and all
who had declared on oath theirintentionto become
citizens, and then that the first Legislature should
fix the right of suffrage on certain limitations; and
therefore " the people" meant by this clause of
the act was expounded by the act itself.
Then, as the President properly states in his
message, the territorial government, thus ac-
knowledged, set out on the principle of the Kan-
sas act, that the people, acting according to law;
the people, acting through the government estab-
lished bylaw, have this right. That government
stands there to-day. It submitted to the people
the propriety of calling a constitutional conven-
tion. The people decreed that there-should be a
convention, and the Legislature called it. The
convention met; the fruit of that convention is
now before us. At this point objection is made,
even by some gentlemen with whom I have acted
heretofore, in regard to this matter. They do
not disagree with the President up to this point,
but they say the constitution ought to have been
submitted to the people. Why? From whence
do you derive the idea that it must be submitted ?
I do not pretend to say that it may not be so sub-
mitted, but I hold that is a point to be determined
by the law-making power. I admit that it may be
submitted; and it must bo submitted, if the law
so wills it. If the territorial law calling the con-
vention had decreed that the constitution should
be submitted to a popular vote, the work would
be incomplete without submission. If the con-
vention itself had declared that it should be so
submitted, it would be incomplete without that
sanction, because it would have lacked a sanction
required by law.
This, however, lacks no sanction of law. The
convention determined to put the questio vexata—
the question of slavery, before the people, and
they submitted no other question. They saw that
eighteen States had been admitted into the Union
with constitutions framed by conventions. They
saw from ail your enabling acts, beginning with
that of Ohio, in 1802, up to this day, no such
requirement was ever made by this Government
until it was slipped somehow or other into the
Minnesota bill. They saw that in no enabling act
had such a requirement been demanded by Con-
gress as essential to the validity of a State consti-
tution. It was not required by the territorial law,
nor by the convention. Hence I say there is an
absence of all foundation for the idea that there
is such a necessity unless you get it somewhere
else. Where are you to get it from? It is not in
the law of Congress; it is notin the action ofCon-
gress; it is notin the territorial law calling the
convention; it is not in the Constitution itself.
Where, then, do you get it from? You must go to
the "higher law "of the honorable gentleman from
New York, and there you will not find it. Go and
look at the revelation of which he speaks, and it
is not there. Go to the only utterance of his that
Iknowof,and ltisnotthere. Go, then, to nature,
from the beginning of the world, and she gives no
such utterance. Where are you to get it? Itis fac-
tion; it is demagogism; it is nothing else; it has
no warrant in law; none in philosophy; none in
nature, and none in the revealed will of God.
The Kansas convention thought proper to sub-
mit a portion of the constitution to the people.
The President says that in his opinion,according
to his construction of the act, they were bound to
submit the slavery question. In that I think he
is mistaken; because I have shown you what we
meant by " the people;" and when the people act
they act through organization; they act through
the Legislature; they act through the convention;
and the action of the convention is the action of
the people themselves. It is the embodiment of
their sovereignty. Millions of people have been
born under the constitutions of Georgia and other
States, which never had this essential prerequi-
site of popular sanction as it is now considered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me, on the point he is discussing, to
ask a single question?
Mr. TOOMBS. With great pleasure.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My question is, from what
source do you derive the legal authority of the
convention to form a constitution at all? From
the Legislature of the Territory?
Mr. TOOMBS. Entirely from the Legislature
of the Territory. If the authority came from Con-
gress, we should be bound by any propositions
we made. If it comes from the Territorial Legis-
lature, we may accept or reject the propositions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will put one further in-
quiry. If the legal authority of the convention
was derived from the Legislature of the Territory,
has not the Legislature of the Territory, until the
State is admitted into the Union, fhe legal power
of legislation still for the State; and may not the
Legislature pass a law submitting the constitution
to the people of the Territory ? May it not be
done by any Legislature, as well as the original
Legislature which authorized the calling of the
convention ?
Mr. TOOMBS.. I think not, and for very ob-
vious reasons. The Legislature called this con-
vention together, and it has performed its duty,
and the people voted upon the question submitted
to them before the action of the Legislature, to
which the Senator from Wisconsin has referred,
took place. Then the previous law was executed,
and the constitution wanted nothing but the action
of Congress to become the fundamental law. It
was then too late for the Territorial Legislature to
interfere. It could not then affect the constitution.
It might provide for calling another convention,
and bringing another constitution here, if it chose,
but as far as the constitution then formed was
concerned, the law providing for it was an exe-
cuted law, and nothing could be done under it ex-
cept to elect State officers, and its validity did not
depend on that. That is my view of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As a matter of fact, I
understand that the election which was to come
off under the schedule of the convention, did not
take place until after the Legislature had provided
by law for another election.
Mr. TOOMBS. Before the action of that Le-
gislature, the election on the constitution took
place, on the 21st of December; and the conven-
tion having exhausted its powers, passed the mat-
ter back to the people. Whether the action of
the Legislature was before or after that time, it
was incompetent for the Legislature to interfere
with that work, because it was executed when the
convention dismissed it, and they had nothing
more to do except to submit one clause of it, ac-
cording to its own terms, to the people; all the rest
was perfect. Then, neither the Legislature that
gave the power could revoke it, nor any subse-
quent Legislature take it away.
After this digression, I come back to the point
I was arguing, and propose to show that my con-
struction of the Kansas-Nebraska act was the co-
temporaneous construction given by its friends.
I hold in my hand a bill introduced into this body
by myself in 1856, which, with some amendments,
passed this body by a vote of three fourths; but
the other House substituted for it a provision ad-
mitting Kansas with the Topeka constitution. To
show that it was not understood to be the true
intent and meaning of this act that the constitu-
tion should receive any popular sanction, I will
mention that, when the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and other gentlemen, with myself,
proposed to end this disturbing difficulty, by
bringing Kansas into the Union, in 1856, the bill
which passed this body read thus:
" That the following propositions be, and the same are
heieby, offered to ihe baid convention of the people of Kan-
sas for their free acceptance or rejection ; winch, if accepted
by the convention, shall be obligatoty on the United States
and upon the said State of Kansas."
We passed an enabling act, and went on to de-
clare that a convention should be called to make
a constitution; and we proposed to that conven-
tion to accept certain terms and conditions. We
did not require that they should submit the con-
stitution, formed by them, to the people. This
was the true intent and meaning of the act, as
thus interpreted by its friends two years after its
passage; as interpreted by the Senate by a ma-
jority of three to one—an interpretation adopted
by every one of its friends in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and by many gentlemen from other
political organizations, who affirmed this to be the
true intent and meaning of the act, that submis-
sion of the constitution was not a requirementof
the Kansas-Nebraska act. This was an authori-
tative exposition, made by the original friends of
that measure, and by other gentlemen who were
then members of Congress; and would have been
the law of the land but for the Republican major-
