©74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
35th Cong,... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
orada river, on or near the thirty-fifth parallel of
north latitude.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the bal-
ances from the appropriations for " preventing
and suppressing Indian hostilities, and for trav-
eling allowance of volunteers, "already expended
in the payment of Florida- volunteers called into
service by authority of theWar Department, may
be applied by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to the settlement of the accounts of paymas-
ters by whom said balances were disbursed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
lawful for any commissioned officer of the Army
to administer the prescribed oath of enlistment to
recruits, provided the services of a civil magis-
trate authorized to administer the same cannot be
be obtained.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for preparing the
drawings of the sailing charts of the Bhering's
Strait and North Pacific Exploring and Survey-
ing Expedition, under the control and direction
of the Secretary of the Navy, but notfor printing
the same, six thousand sevwl hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the elev-
enth section of the act of third March, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, entitled "An act making
provision for an additional number of general offi-
cers and for other purposes," which deprives
sutlers in the Army of their right to a hen upon
any part of the pay of the soldiers, or to appear
at the pay table to receive the soldiers' pay from
the paymaster, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all the
existing laws, or parts of laws, which authorize
the sale of military sites which are or may become
useless for military purposes, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed, and said lands shall not be
subject to sale or preemption under any of the
laws of the United States: Provided, further, That
the provisions of the act of August eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, relative to certain
reservations in the State of Florida, shall continue
in force.
Approved, June 12, 1858.
Chap. CLX.—An Act malting Appropriations for
• the Expenses of Collecting the Revenue from
Customs.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated for the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs for each half year, the sum of one
million eight hundred thousand dollars, payable
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, together with such sums as may
be received from storage, cartage, drayage, and
labor for said half year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the said first day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, all laws and parts of laws
which authorize the payment of the expenses, or
any portion of the expenses of collecting the rev-
enue from customs to any port or ports on the
Pacific coast of the United States out of the ac-
cruing revenue, before the same is paid into the
Treasury, shall be, and hereby are repealed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall report to the next
session of Congress a plan and estimates for re-
ducing the expenses of the collection of the reve-
nue, in accordance with the general recommenda-
tions of his last annual report.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, at his discretion, to discontinue all
ports of delivery, the revenue received at each of
which does notamount to the sum often thousand
■dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no col-
lector of the customs, deputy collector, naval
officer, deputy naval officer, surveyor, deputy suiv
veyor, general appraiser, superintendent of ware-
houses, or appraisers, shall receive a compensa-
tion more than twenty-five per cent, greater than
is now paid to the officers and persons engaged
in said services at the port of New York: Provided,
That this section shall not be so construed as to
increase the compensation of any officer of the
customs, or of any person engaged in the collec-
tion thereof.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXI.—An Act making an Appropriation
for the Completion of the Military Road from
Astoria to Salem, in Oregon Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of thirty thousand dol-
lars ($30,000) be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated for the completion of the military road
from Astoria to Salem, to be completed under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
Approved, June 14, 1858.
Chap. CLXII.—An act to establish certain Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
post roads:
alabama.
From Pine Level, in Montgomery county, via
China Grove, Fryer's Bridge, Monticello, to Pea
River, in Pike county.
From Jefferson, via Macon, to Brewersville.
From Greenville, via Tuluca, Rainersville, to
Leon.
From Handy post office to Jasper, in "Walker
county.
From Lyonsville, via Nichols', Carlie's, and
Gordon's, to Whiteside's, on the Nashville and
Chattanooga railroad.
From Larkinsville to Gunter's Landing.
From Athens, via Good Springs and Gilberts-
boro', to Mount Raszell.
From Talladega, via Florence's Ferry and
Coosa Valley, to Crosswell.
From Cusseta to Chambers' Court-House.
From Society Hill to Tuskegee.
From Oxford, via Walker's store, to Fife.
From Jonesboro' to Democrat.
From Mexico to Chester.
From Ledoliatchie, on the Alabamaand Florida
railroad, via Haynesville, Lowndsboro', Cross
Roads, and Benton, to Selma.
From Oleander to Warrenton.
From Harpersville, via Kelly's Creek, Coosa
Valley, Crosswell, Broken Arrow, and Trout
Creek, to Greensport.
From Indigo Head to Busbeeville.
From Morgan to Columbia.
From Goshen, via Mottsville and Tranquility,
to Reevesville.
From Elba, via Jones", Hilton's Cross Roads,
Barnestown, Williams' Mill, Clary's, to Wards-
ville, Florid [a.]
From Haynesville, via Hickory Grove, Sures-
ville, and Argus, to Troy.
From Gadsden, via Hoke's Bluff, Hogan's,
New Bethel, D. Draper's, Cross Plains, Narrow
Valley, Palestine, to Esom Hill, Georgia.
From Jacksonville, via New Bethel, Reeves-
ville, Ball Play, Long's Ferry, and Matthews, to
Blue Pond.
From Bruceville to Union Springs.
From Houston, Winston county, to Hanby,
Walker county.
From Somerville to Valhermoso Springs, Mor-
gan county.
From Montgomery, via Greenville and Sparta,
to Pensacola, Florida.
From La Mesilla to La Mesa.
From Tucson, via Sopori, to Tubac.
From Tucson, via Sopori, to Aqua Caliente.
From Wharton, via Tucson, Tubac, and Cale-
donia, to Fort Buchanan.
ARKANSAS.
From Lockport, via A. H. Henson's, to Mon-
terey.
From Liberty to Murfreesboro'.
From Powhatan, via Cuba, A. Oaks, on Spring
river, Major B. Kettet's, and Myatt, to Pilot
From Green Mount, via Relfs' Bluff, Conners-
ville, to Lehi.
From Brownsville, via Maj. John Hardin's, to
Lake Bluff.
From Centre Point to Ultima Thule.
From Brownstown, via Paraclifta, to Doaka-
ville.
From Wild Hans to North Fork of White
river.
From Gainesville to Greenville, in Missouri.
From Fort Smith to Albuquerque, in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico.
From Marion, via WalnutGrove, Lyle's Ferry,
and Neely's Ferry, to Walnut Camp.
From Little Rock to Hungary.
From Lewisburg, in Conway county, by Galler
Rock, and Bate's Mill, to Dardanelle, in Yell
county.
From Mill Bayou to Chitteceaux, Missouri.
From Augusta, in Jackson §ounty, via Alvin
McDonald, to Jackson Port.
From Searcy, in White county, to intersect
the route from Des arc to Forth Smith, at Cadron
creek.
From Paraclifta, in Sevier county, to Shetucket,
in Polk county.
california.
From Weaversville, via the mouth of Carson
creek, to Canon city, in Trinity county.
From Sacramento City, via Washington, Puta,
Vacaville, Suisun, Condolica, Napa city, Sonoma,
Santa Rosa, and other intermediate post offices,
to Petaluma, in Sonoma county.
From San Francisco to San Rafael.
From San Francisco to Berry and Fomales.
From San Juan, in Monterey county, to Los
Angelos, in Los.Angelos county.
From Auburn, Placer county, via English's
bridge and Grass valley, to Nevada city.
From Sacramento city, via Yolo city, in Yolo
county, to Cacheville.
From Sacramento to Stockton.
From San Bernardino, via San Gorgonia, Ross,
Conchuillo valley, to Fort Yuma.
From Union, via, Hoopa valley, to Orleans
bar.
From Union to San Francisco.
From Marysville, via North San Juan, to
Forest city.
From Nevada city, via Woolsey's flat, Orleans
fiat, Chips fiat, Allegheny, Forest city, Downie-
ville, Monte Christo, Eureka, North Poker flat,
to La Porte.
From Sonora, Tuolumne county, to Mariposa
city.
From Stockton, via Knight's ferry, Rock river
ranche, La Grange, and Murray bridge, to Mari-
posa.
From Murphy's, via Big Tree road, to Carson
valley, Utah Territory.
From La Porte, via Q.uincy, to Susanville,
Utah Territory.
From Bidwell's bar, via Noble's Pass, to Su-
sanville, Utah Territory.
From Shasta city, via Noble's Pass, to Susan-
ville, Utah Territory.
From Genoa, via Eagle, Washo, Truckey,
and Long valleys, to Susanville, Utah Territory.
From San Francisco, via Alviso, to San Jose.
From Suisun City to Nurse's landing.
From Colusa to Marysville.
From San Francisco to Trinity, via Petaluma
and Humboldt.
From San Francisco to Crescent City, via Trin-
idad and Humboldt bay.
From Crescent City, via Indian creek, Happy
Camp, Scott river, to Yrka.
From Trinidad, via Orleans bar, Salmon rivers,
to Yrka.
From Belmont, via Purcel's store, Piscadary,
William's landing, to Santa Cruz.
From Oreviile, via Bidwell's bar, Peaville,
Brush creek, Meadow valley, to Q,uincy.
From Jackson to Volcano.
From Sacramento city, by Washington, Cash-
ville, Cache creek, Yolo City, and Canon, to
Clear Lake, Napa county.
From Sacramento city, by Onisbe and Wal-
nut Grove, to Georgiana Slough, in Sacramento
county.
From Mokelumne Hill, by Rieh Gulch, to
West Point, in Calaveras county.
