1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263?
in material, hut there is a groat rise in the pricc j
of labor. At nil events, from the information I j
could obtain, I could not find that that there was ;
wry much difleience to result m the price of that j
day or the present day. Now the Senator from t
Geoigiu suggests that the price of the former day
was extravagant, and moves an amendment by
which a double guard is thrown over the contract.
We want the work done as it was before, the
same printing, the same compilation,and the same
price, provided that price shall not exceed what
we are now paying. Here you have the double
guard that the contract is to be made at a pricc
notexceeding the former price, and not exceeding
what you are now paving for all other similar
work. I must confess that I am entirely ignorant
of the practical part of the printer's profession. I
have to pay for a great deal of priming; I have to
buy a great many books, and it is true that in
our profession, as the Senator from Georgia sug-
gests, books are cheaper than they were formerly, '
but that I have been inclined 10 attribute rather j
to the sale of enlaiged editions than to any dimi- j
nution of the cost of getting up the volumes.. \
Formerly, where you would not sell ten copies of j
a law book, you now sell one hundred or one hun- i
drcd and fifty. j
The present edition we propose to publish is a j
small one. You publish fifty, or a hundred, ora ;
hundred and fifty thousand copies of the Patent j
Office report, and at the same rate of your Prcsi- I
dent's messages and other executive documents, i
The great profits, as we are informed, and I take i
it for granted, on all those printing matters, result i
fiom an increased number of copies. Here you !
limit the copies to a small number. There is no '
demand for them by the public at large. These 1
are works intended to be Government works, and 1
regarded, in the language of the Senator from ,
Kentucky, as histotical monuments of the prog- ,
less of the oountiy, something that is to remain :
for which posteuty is to thank us; that they will
want; that they cannot do without. Now, sir,
provided there ho nothingm this proposition that ;
points to tiny distribution of this book amongst ,
members of Congress or the public, if it is con- 1
fined to furnishing the Government officers, if it
is confined to providing the public Departments 1
of the country—the Department of State for ex-
change with foreign countries, and the libraries '
of the States with convenient books of lcfennice,
to which men may, at all times, lecur for the ex- ;
animation of any subject in which the Legisla-
ture or the history ot the country is concerned, 1
I am willing to vote an adequate appropriation, ,
and i am willing to vote it blindly to this extent: !
that it is utterly impossible, from the very nature
of the woik, to ascertain, in advance, how many i
volumes will be published, and, therefore, how ;
much money will be eventually required; and I 1
agu'ri with those who say that; I am sine, what- ,
ever may be the amount, the woik will be worth j
moie to tiie country than it will cost. I would ,
not be willing to enter into any job—I would vote
for no job; but when the contract is authorized,
at prices not exceeding those already paid for the 1
commencement of the work, with the further ,
guard suggested by the Senator from Georgia,
that it is not to go beyond the price we pay to-day
for other similar work, I cannot see that we are
justly liable to the charge of advocating a job. ;
'But, so far as rcgatds the motion to put it on the
appropnation bill, the motion is not singular m
regaid to this work. Everybody that has an in- ■
terest in a particular subject tries to get it on to '
an appropriation bill, for the simple, sensible, ;
reason that those bills are sure to pass, and other
bills frequently fail for want of time between the
two Houses. ;
I hope the Senate will adopt this amendment.
I did not ofler it when 1 first came into the Sen-
ate myself, but I have advocated it strenuously,
and I have offered it more than once since. I have
watched it with interest, and I hope to see the day 1
when it will be consummated. ^ i
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is now
twenty-six years since the Congress of the Uni-
ted States thought it necessary and expedient to '
provide for the publication of important execu-
tive and other State i apers of the Government, in
a convenient and accessible form, as well tor the i
use of those concerned m public affairs at that1
time contemporaneously, as for the instruction ,
of future times. That'policy was continued, 1 .
; believe., to the entire satisfaction of Congress, and
I of the country, for a considerable period. 1 rec-
ollect that several years before I came ntfo Con-
gress I had become the holder of the volumes
of State papers thus published, and I found that
that publication was one in which any person
desiring to be conversant with public affairs
could learn the development and progress of every
great question and of every great interest in the
! country. I have those volumes now, and if I were
i to say what portion of my library 1 could least
! afford to spare, I should say that it was the vol-
umes of American State Papers. So, since I came
to be connected with the Government, on the
question offisheiies, on diplomatic questions, on
questions of search, 1 have found it perfectly easy
and perfectly safe to begin with these volumes,
and to go thiough to the point where their publi-
cation was arrested. But from that time we are
all at sea. It is a herculean task, out of the vol-
| umes that are published .here so lapidly, toascer-
! tain thecourseand progress ofanv question what-
' ever since this publication ceased. The publications
j of the last Congress alone amounted to one hun-
j dred and one volumes, and supposing that to be
the ordinary inciease of volumes of public doeu-
; ments, every one can see that it is impossible to
' consult so many volumes for the purpose of pur-
; suing the history of any subject.
j Now, what was the reason why that publication
; was discontinued or suspended? I suppo.se it to
j be the one hinted at by the Senator from Louisiana.
I Some members of Congress were so regardless of
; their responsibilities and of their high position,
: that they made a matter of bargain and sale, of
I speculation, of those volumes, which were fur-
; nished to them for their use m legislation, and
i they brought themselves, and Congiess, and the
( publication, into disgrace; and it became neces-
■ sary to arrest a proceeding which, if it were not
■ corrupt, bordered on the veige of corruption. With
■ that reform, however, there occurred a great loss
1 in the suspension of this publication, ft is now
I pioposed, in precisely the same way in which the
| measure originated, to lenew the publication. It
j is to be made by the same persons, Gales & Sea-
! ton. The selection of the compilation to be pub-
i lished is to be made by the Secretary ot the Sen-
- ate and Cleilc of the House of Representatives,
just as the oiigmal 1 iw icquired the publication
■ to be made, and a.5 it was made with such entire
;! satisfaction to the public. Then, in regard to the
' terms, or cost, or expense, the original hiw pro-
■| vided, " that the price paid for the punting of the
,j said volumes shall be at a rate not exceeding that
II paid to the Printer of Congress for printing the
documents of the two Houses." This amend-
i ment provides payment at the same rate. It is a
j question whether, when you include work and
| materials, the rates of 1^31 aie moie or less prof-
j itable to Congress or to the. other party. Upon
: that subject i have no choice. 1 am willing to
• leave it to the judgment of others who are more
familiar with the subject, i am willing either to
take the proposition as it stands, or with anamend-
■ ment so as to limit the expense to the present
| rates of punting.
1 I have said that at the time this policy was
adopted, it was a contribution to political knowl-
edge, a contribution to the science or knowledge
of public affairs, and the statesmanship of the
country, and to the political science of the world.
At the time it was adopted, the Government of
the UniK-d States expended thirteen to sixteen
■ million dollars a year. It made us expenditures
1 in proportion to its income, lias tins nation
grown, m twenty-six yeais, so much less able,
so much less rich, that u cannot now, with
£,80,000,000 revenue, make to political science and
history a contribution so important as this, on
precisely the same scale as befoie?
Mr. President, we are asked, why not leave
tins matter to private enterprise r" I answer that,
' like the reporting of our debates, owing to the cir-
, cumstance of our location here, instead of in a
great city, it is a work that, if it be done at all,
I must be done at the expense and under the care
of the Government. We are asked, " why do it
in this way, and tack it to this bill'"' For the
simple reason that those who favor this proposi-
tion have waited for six months, and there have
been no other times, and no other ways, m which
it could be done. This is the time and way m
which it must be done, if it be done at all.
Mr. T00MH3. I did not exactly understand
the Senator from Louisiana in regard to his point
that I was inconsistent in my objections. I wish
to put myself right about that. I did not catch
his speciftcations of inconsistency.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The objection of the Sen-
ator was, that we had not provided any check on
this contract. He himself suggested that there
ought to be a check; that the price should notex-
ceed that now paid. After,that had been done,
he still contended that we had no check on the
expenditure, and that nobody knew anything
about it. 1 considered that to be, to a certain
extent, inconsistency.
Mr. TOOMBS, i wish to say to the Senator—
and 1 desire this to go on the record—that i do
not profess to know how to put a check. I have
too often seen these amendments carried, voting
millions, when it was supposed they only voted
hundreds by those who voted for them. 1 am not
competent to put a check on such propositions.
The paper is one great element; then there is the
binding, and many other things connected with
the business of printing. Not being a printer, I
have no knowledge of such matters. I could not
contract to build your Capitol; I could not con-
tract to do a printing job. I think it is due to the
Senate and the public that the proposition should
be jefeired to the proper committee of this House,
that they should go to those having knowledge
of all such subjects to obtain the necessary inform-
ation. If you referred it to me, I would go and
seek information from those who are skilled in
this business. That is the way all other legisla-
tive bodies do as to business they do not under-
stand themselves. 11 is an ordinary parliamentary
rule. If you had made H my duty to go and seek
this intormation, and bung it here, I could vote
understandingly. S say my own amendment does
not meet the case; the check is not there. I know,
in casually looking over the matter of public print-
ing, that one of the largest prolttsof the printers
has been on the paper. There is no provision
here for that. The abuse in that respect e^ot to be
so outrageous that Congress determined to buy
paper lor themselves; and that is the present law
in regard to the public printing. That, it was said,
was one of the greatest elements of pirating on
Congiess; and I ptesume it was so, because Con-
gress certainly would not set up a paper ware-
house unless there was great abuse in the matter.
I think the paper costs as much as the mere print-
ing itself—probably more m some cases. I have
noticed, in some of the rcpoits of our own Com-
mittee on Printing, thatitisa very great element.
I heard my honorable fiiend from Arkansas,
the other day, enlightening us on many of the
terms they have; I have heaid gentlemen on the
Printing Committees tell us about the difference
between day work and night work, and fat work
and lean woik, and work that paid, and work that
did not pay. These are terms of art. I do not
know anything about them. If the subject had
been leferred to a committee of the Senate who
had given me the facts ivu'e^ary to put my vote
on, I should be infotmed, but 1 have not gbt the
facts. My own '-ourse is, I think, more consist-
ent than that of the gentleman fiom Louisiana,
who is willing to take itanv way, with limitation
or without. I think his proposition at the last
Congress did not limit it at all. 1 le sun ply pro-
posed to pay the lates of lt>3;3, without giving any
information to the Senate as to what those rates
weie, and now not a Senator has risen who pre-
tends to know what those rates were, and whether
they weie good or bad according to the present
rates of doing public printing. Now, I wish to say,
and put on the record, that it may stand, that f do
not pretend that my amendment does meet tins
difficulty. In my judgment it does not. I believe
the public have got no protection, and [ have not
a doubt that the work will bo done at great! y en-
hanced rates over what it could be purchased for ^
in open market. If it had not been connected with
the idea of giving very clever gentlemen work,
we should not have had it put in this apprecia-
tion bill. But for sympathy for the men who are
to take this contract, I do not believe it would be
made in this way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There i^ no
one, I imagine, in the Senate, who disputes for a
moment the propriety of the continuation of tins
comnilation.
Mr. PtTGH. I do. $
