1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S&
ity in the other House, who defeated it by substi-
tuting for it a proposition to admit Kansas with
the Topeka constitution.
I have not only shown that the interpretation
I have put on the Kansas-Nebraska act is the just
interpretation, according to the philological con-
struction of the sentence, according to common
sense, according to all legal rules ofinterpretation,
but I have shown a legislative interpretation by
all its friends when they attempted to carry it out.
I hope, therefore, that there is an end to the ques-
tion as to the true intent and meaning of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act on this point. It did not require
a popular sanction for the constitution before ad-
mitting the State into the Union. It did not, how-
ever, prevent such sanction if required by the
convention.
I shall only advert to one other point. We are
told that the Lecompton constitution is a fraud;
that there was cheating at the polls; that there
was cheating at some crossing, and cheating at
Leavenworth; and that thete were bogus votes.
I have heard this cry from the enemies of the ter-
ritorial government from the day we passed the
original act until this day, and I expect to hear
it until Kansas shall be admitted into the Union.
I do not intend to deny or affirm the truth of these
allegations. I think there are very few new com-
munities, very few excited communities, where
voting is done by ballot, anywhere in the United
States, where there is not a large amount of cheat-
ing. We have heard of such things in the State
of California; it has been alleged that in the city
of San Francisco corruptions of this kind were
carried on to a great extent. In the old, virtuous,
civilized city of New Yoik, the commercial me-
tropolis of the Union, it is alleged every day, and
sometimes proven. One branch of Congress is
now exercised on a wholesale fraud alleged to
have taken place in the city of Baltimore. I do
nut know how that is; I am passing no judgment
on it.
I have one answer, which I think is a complete
one, to all these allegations. If there be frauds at
elections, in all well-constituted governments tri-
bunals are made to try them and correct them; and
there let them go. The Baltimore election of mem-
bers of Congress is to be passed on by the other
House. If there be allegations affecting the elec-
tion of a Senator of the United States, the question
is to be settled here. If there has been fraud in
the election of members of the Senate or House of
Representatives of the Legislature of Kansas, the
matter can be passed upon by those bodies re-
spectively when the State shall have been admitted
into the Union. That is the tribunal setup by
law for the decision of such questions. There
and there alone they can be dccided. This body,
I trust, will never undertake whether or not there
have been frauds in the elections of Kansas. If
the proceeding is legal prima facie, if prima facie
it is fair, our duty ends. When the member
from the new State, elected by its people, takes
his seat in the other House, that body may inves-
tigate the circumstances of his election. When
the Senators elected by the Legislature of the
new State come here, this body can determine
the legality of their election.
Every legislative body is the proper tribunal to
decide questions affecting the elections of its mem-
bers. It is the only tribunal which the experience
of twenty centuries has shown can be safely in-
trusted with any such power. The ablest on
English jurists, the ablest parliamentarians, have
always held—and we find it deeply imbedded in
the privileges of the British Parliament, in the
privileges conferred on each House of Congress i
by our Constitution, in the privileges of every
State Legislature, and inherent in every town
meeting—that a legislative body is to judge for
itself of the election, returns, and c[ualifications of
its members. Without this principle, representa-
tive bodies could not live an hour. If you have
a case of fraud in the election of members of the
Legislature, take the question there for decision.
If you have such a case in regard to the election
of a Representative in Congress, take it to the
other House. If you have such a case as to the
election of a member of this body, bring it here.
If it be true that these bodies are so corrupt that
they will not decide the questions properly, it
proves that we are incapable of self-government;
and I, for one, shall not admit that for any pur-
pose whatever. They are the judges of such ques-
tions—the absolute and sole judges. Every mem-
ber here holds his seat by this principle. If you
admit one wrongfully it cannot be controverted
anywhere; but the presumption is, that your de-
cision is right. Society could not live an instant
if unjust judgments were not executed as well as
just ones. Does the supreme tribunal of any State
or country in the world always decide rightly?
Nobody pretends that. But there must be finality;
there must be a tribunal to decide, or there is no
government at all; and therefore bad judgments
must be enforced as well as good ones as long as
they stand, until altered according to the forms
of law.
My reply to the allegation of fraud is, that this
constitution comes from a regularly constituted,
legal government. The convention was called
for by a vote of the people, on the question being
submitted by their Legislature. Delegates were
elected by the people, and the convention met and
framed a constitution. They submitted that por-
tion of it which they thought proper to the people
for approval, and it has received their apprbvai.
It stands on every form of legality. The law,
the peace of the country, the right, demand that
the policy of the President shall be sternly upheld
by the representatives of the States and of the
people.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Chandler, on whose motion the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Februcmj 2, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by Rev. A. Holmead.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SECURITY OF STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
45, further to amend an act to provide for the bet-
ter security of lives of passengers on board of ves-
sels propelled m whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes, the consideration of which bill
had been postponed to this day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am directed
by the Committee on Commerce to ask that the
further consideration of that bill be further post-
poned one week from to-morrow, and also to ask
to have a substitute for the bill, which has been
prepared by the Committee ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by jj
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the i
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House, to supply an omission in the enrollment :
of a certain act therein mentioned. |j
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Commit-
tee of Elections, presented a report in the con-
tested-election case of the Territory of Nebraska,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the parties, the contestantanrt contestee,
in tins case, bo allowed the further time ofsi.uy days fioin
the passage of tins resolution to take and return supple-
mental testimony.
The report and resolution were ordered to be
printed, and their consideration was passed over
informally.
OHIO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to give no-
tice to the House, now, that I shall to-morrow
call up the report and resolution presented from
the Committee of Elections in the case of Val-
landigliam against Campbell, that the preliminary
questions involved mty be disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indi-
ana, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL,
the question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Letcher, as follows:
Add to the amendment the following words:
Provided, The sum does not exceed that reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall say but a w&rd in
reply to my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
on the point he last raised. I took ground, in a/
few remarks which I made yesterday, that the
proposition before the committee now does not
involve a contract. The gentleman has sought to
involve me in what he" seems to regard as an in-
consistency, by reading a resolution which I had
the honor to propose to the House at the organ-
ization of this Congress. I am astonished that
my friend from Virginia does not see that the
point involved in this resolution, and the points
involved in the discussion now, are totally and
entirely different. The resolution, as offered by
myself, with the proviso that is appended to it,
was offered for the gratification of other members
of the House, and not for my own; because, in
the incidental discussion that came up on that
resolution, I admitted the fact, and stated it, that
the proviso did not change the legal power of the
House, or the rights of the party who might be
elected under the resolution. I believe that the
House has power to change the price of printing
at any time, after the election of Printer as well
as before. There was nothing in that proviso.
But others might have differed with me as to the
power of the House; and this proviso was ex-
pressly placed on the ground that it was a notice
to the party who might be elected under it; and
that in the event of the House or Congress voting
to reduce the prices below those fixed under the
act of 1852, he should not set up a claim for dam-
ages.
So much, then, for that resolution. But, Mr.
Chairman, the point involved here is not that.
There the question was as to the price which waa
to be paid. Gentlemen might have contended that
the election of a Printer under the existing law,
establishing the rates of compensation, was a
pledge on the part of Congress that the party
elected under that law should receive the compen-
sation fixed by it. I say that I dissented from
that view of the case. I believed that Congress
had the power to change the rates of compensa-
tion as well after the election of Printer as at any
other time. But, sir, what is the point involved
in this discussion? It is as to the amount of
printing. Gentlemen say that you have ordered
a work and that, therefore, you made a contract
with the Printer. Now, in that case the price was
the thing in issue. In this case the amount of
work is the thing. It is not proposed here, nor
have I contemplated or intimated suchadesire, to
reduce the prices for the labor that has been per-
formed. On the contrary, we are willing to pay
the price agreed upon in the law of 1852; and the
only question involved, as to the power of the
House, is whether we have a right to reduce the
amount of printing ordered to be done at a pre-
vious session of Congress. Now, sir, I will illus-
trate it.
Mr. REAGAN. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama contend that the House has not the right to
change the price of printing ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not contended by
me. Bat my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
seems to take that view of the case. I do not. I
take the opposite view, and was going on to illus-
trate it.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman from Alabama 
Mr. HOUSTON. If I have done the gentleman
injustice in my statement, I withdraw it. I desire
now to proceed with my remarks.
If this is a contract, it is a contract from the
very moment that the order for the printing is
made. The fact of the work having progressed
one degree, or two degrees, does not give it any
more the semblance or form of a contract than it
had when the printing was ordered. Suppose that
to-day we should order ten thousand copies of
Emory's report to be printed, have we not the
right to-morrow to rescind that order, and to say
either that we shall not print any at all, or that we
will publish a much smaller number than that?
No gentleman can deny that we can bring it up
by a motion to reconsider.
But gentlemen may say that the contract is not
complete until the power to reconsider has passed
from the House. I will meet them on that issue.
Suppose that we order to-day the printing of ten
thousand copies of a book; have we not the power
