1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
foreign ministers were given to the President of
theUnited States under the Constitution. Yet, sir,
they were given to him. And when the Consti-
tution gives him such power as that, we hesitate
to give him—what? The appointment of a chief
of police for sixty thousand inhabitants!
Is it not right that he should have it? He alone
is responsible. The responsibility is undivided,
and if he is influenced by personal or party con-
siderations, I ask you to point out any other mode
of appointment that will be freer from those ob-
jections. If you will give it to a board subject to
election the responsibility will be divided; they
will have the same attachments; they will be in-
fluenced by the same personal considerations and
the same political biases and prejudices. If you
adopt the proposition of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dodd] and constitute the board of two
Americans and two Democrats, or two Black Re-
publicans and two Democrats, you will have as
bad a system as you have now, if not worse; be-
cause, occupying different political positions, hav-
ing different friends to reward and different views
to carry out, the members of that board will be
always antagonistic, and will never be able to do
anything to promote thepublic good.
Mr. THOMPSON. That principle has been
tried for some ten years in the State of New York
in the election of our county assistant justices, and
it has worked harmoniously. The difficulties the
gentleman supposes have not happened there. So
also in reference to the inspectors of elections. I
do not approve of that plan in this matter, but I
must say that the difficulties have not occurred to
which the gentleman refers.
Mr. SCALES. If the gentleman does not
approve of it, it was useless for him to interrupt
me to suggest a plan which he did not approve.
These are difficulties which must suggest them-
selves to everybody, and if they have not occurred
in" a particular case, then that is the exception and
not the general rule.
But the gentleman from New Yark says that
you cannot accomplish anything by a preventive
police. Why not ? Is it not notorious that there
are bands of armed men, murderers, robbers and
assassins, who are congregated here from every
portion of the Union ? We can see them at al-
most every corner of the streets committing out-
rages upon inoffensive and peaceable citizens.
Now let it be known that there is a police force
scattered through the city with an efficient head,
and those bands will be broken up and driven
from the midst of this community.
The only prevention, he says, is in the school-
house, the pulpit, and the administration of the
laws. I acknowledge, sir, that any permanent
prevention of crime, any permanent promotion of
good order, must'have its foundation on the prin-
ciples which the pulpit is intended to promulgate,
and in the education of the people. I admit all
that; but have we time now to consider it, when
the assassin's knife is already raised to give the
fatal stab, when murderers are at large, and the
blood of innocent victims cries out for justice, and
When we are admonished from every side to dis-
charge the duty which is imposed upon us ? Is
this the time to talk about schools and pulpits ?
No man honors them more than I do, no man at-
tributes more to them than I do as promoters of
good order, but this is not the time for such con-
siderations. We must legislate for the present;
we must do something now.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of the
argument, that the President is not the proper ap-
pointing power; suppose that he is disposed to
use his power to promote party interests; suppose
that, forgetful of his reputation, of his responsi-
bility and of his high station, he should sef>k party
ends alone;is there no guard provided in the bill?
The Senate has the power to confirm or reject ap-
pointments. If the President be corrupt, is it
probable that the Senate will be corrupt too? Here,
mark you, we place the power of appointing the
chief of police where the appointing power is
placed by the Constitution, and the appointment
is made by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. Is it probable that the Senate would con-
firm any man who should be appointed by the
President without regard to his qualifications for
the place ?
If, however, the chief of police be appointed as
indicated by the gentleman from New York, then
the conflict of which I have just spoken will arise.
We must have a man placed at the head of the
police who is peculiarly qualified and who gives
evidence of his efficiency; and for this reason I am
for leaving the power of appointment where it is.
It impairs no right and deprives nobody of any
privilege. It is doing what Congress has a right
to do. It is doing what should be done in this
city to prevent further violence and bloodshed. I
understand, too, that the auxiliary guard which
has been already provided by the Government for
this city, is now, as the gentleman from New
York would have it, under the control of the
Mayor, and what is the state of things which is
presented to us? Is not the police utterly worth-
less, totally inefficient?
I will say, in conclusion, that I am not so wed-
ded to this bill that I think it is incapable of im-
provement. Gentlemen admit the necessity for
some measure of the kind—that some such bill
should pass; and I am willing to cooperate with
them in passing such fair measure as may be
agreed upon which will secure the object we all
seem to desire.
There is one thing I had almost forgotten, and
which I will notice before I sit down, and that is
the argument of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Reagan.] I will confess that I was surprised when
I heard it. I was surprised to hear him charac-
terize this bill as a money-spending scheme, and
allege that it was gotten up by lobby members. I
know that my friend from Texas, whom I do not
see now in his seat, did not reflect when he made
that statement; for I know that he is not in the
habit of saying here what is not intended for the
House, but for home consumption, for the ears
of the people. He says that it is a reckless ex-
penditure. Even so, which I deny, is it not better
to be lavish in the expenditure of the public money
than reckless of the lives of our citizens ? If we
have the power, it is our duty to restrain crime
and stay the hand of violence and bloodshed in
this Federal metropolis.
I say again that I am sorry that party has been
introduced into this question. It ought to have
nothing to do with it. I look at it through no party
spectacles; I view it in no party light; I look only
t the interests of the city, the interest of Con-
gress, and the interest of all concerned; I look to
our'public property, to our public buildings, to our
public grounds, to the members of Congress, to
the strangers who come here, to our constituents
who resort here, to foreign ministers whom we
are bound to protect, to foreigners from every
land; I look to the keeping up the reputation that
this is a land of law and order, as well as an asy-
lum for the oppressed.
Mr. KELLY. The proposition now before the
committee is this, that the police laws of this city
are of such a character that the citizens of this city
have to ask Congress to alter them in such a way
as to protect them from the murderer and the as-
sassin. The bill, as reported by the gentleman
from Virginia, proposes to give to the President
of the United States the power to appoint the chief
of police; and that that chief of police, with the
consent of the Secretary of the Interior, shall have
the power to appoint his subordinate officers.
What is the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Leiter?] It is, that three
commissioners of police shall be appointed, and
that they shall have the power of appointing the
subordinate officers and men. He proposes that
those three commissioners shall receive each a
salary of $2,000. That is, in my opinion, an ex-
penditure wholly uncalled for. My experience
in the city of New York has taught mo that where
you put the power into the hands of commission-
ers to appoint policemen, they set about to see
how they can bring about their own reelection.
Therefore that provision is, in my opinion, se-
riously objectionable. It is the great fault here
that people have to contend with; and I under-
stand that they are willing now to throw up their
charter, given them by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, for the reason, as they say, that they
are not able to protect themselves against the
criminals who infest the city.
The amendment, as proposed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dodo,] providing for the
selection of commissioners by the people, is, also,
in my opinion, objectionable for the same rea-
son. It will work in both ways. Menclectedas
i Americans, will, of course, appoint Americans to
I office; and vice versa, Democrats will do the same
thing. The only way to give this city an effi-
cient police is by passing the bill reported by the
gentleman from Virginia. He places the, power
in the hands of the President of the United States
to appoint the chief of police, and gives that chief
of police power to appoint his subordinates, sub-
ject to the control of the Secretary of the Interior.
The increased expenditure i3 not, in my opin-
ion, material. Congress already pays $19,000 for
an auxiliary- guard; and the bill of the gentle-
man from Virginia proposes to increase that to
$100,000, and for that you will have such aforce'
as that no future complaints will be made.
Mr. Chairman, in the various arguments that
have been made on this bill, all kinds of logic have
been brought to bear in favor of gentlemen's dif-
ferent prejudices. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maykard,] in discussing this bill yes-
terday, referred to a transaction which took place
during a former Congress. He spoke of men who
earn their living by the sweat of their brow, as
" a parcel of Irish waiters." Now, sir, I do not
think that that expression was called for. These
men, whether Irish, or German, or belonging to
any other country, have the same rights under the
Constitution as American-born citizens. It is not
to be said that, because these men were waiters,
they had not their independent rights and privi-
leges, as much as the Representatives of the peo-
ple on this floor.
Some other gentleman, in referring to the trial
which took place on that occasion, spoke of the
character of the judiciary of this city; and the
gentleman from Tennessee took them to task for
insinuating that the judiciary of this city was not
the beau ideal of a judiciary. But I am not going
to prolong my remarks on that subject; but I tefl
the gentleman from Tennessee, and other mem-
bers of this House, that the humble Irishman has
his rights under the Constitution—naturalized as
he is by your laws—equally with the native-born;
and until he commits some act in derogation of
the true principles of manhood, it does not be-
come any gentleman to stigmatize him or speak
of him in such a contemptuous style.
Mr. MA YNARD. I ask thegentleman whether
he calls in question any fact which I stated; and
if he does, what fact, and in what way does he
question it?
Mr. KELLY. No, sir; I question no fact. I
was merely commenting upon the gentleman's
expression as to "a parcel of Irish waiters."
That is all.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] in speaking on the subject of this
bill, attributed the defeat of that great and hon-
ored statesman, who has long since gone to his
grave, (Mr. Clay,) to the manner in which the
Empire Club of the city of New York was organ-
ized, and to the manner in which that election
was conducted in that city. Let me tell the gen-
tleman that I was conversant with all those facts,
and knew every transaction which took place in
New Yorkin 1844. There was another club there
upon that occasion, and it was a very objection-
able one, because all the pugilists, all the fighters,
and all the rowdies you could find, were brought
together, by pay, by solicitations of whatever
nature, and were formed into aclub in opposition
to the Empire Club at that time. Now, I ask the
gentleman if he knows the man who had the honor
of being the president of that club ?
Mr. STANTON. I know nothing in regard
to that club, but I will inquire of the gentleman
from New York whether the captain of that op-
position club was rewarded with an office?
Mr. KELLY. I will say to the gentleman that
he was frequently rewarded with an office, but I
am sorry to say that he got into a personal diffi-
culty in New York, and was killed.
Mr. STANTON. Who was he ?
Mr. KELLY. Bill Poole.
Mr. STANTON. What Administration gave
him office ?
Mr. KELLY. He held the office of collector
of taxes, in the city of New York, for years. Ho
held the office of city inspector during Fillmore's
administration. Ho also held the office of lamp-
lighter in the ninth ward.
Mr. STANTON. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for bringing such strong evidence of the
demoralizing tendency of politics when they are
mixed up with clubs and frauds.
Mr. KELLY. Let me say to the gentleman
