62 8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
this day week—if no step has been taken towards
its execution, if the Printer has done no act to
involve him—to rescind the order ? Bat according
to the argument of the gentleman, it is a contract
on the part of the House, and we cannot reduce
Hhe number of copies ordered.
Now, is there a member of the House who, on
that view of the case, would not agree with me
that the House has the power to rescind the res-
olution; to rescind its order for publishing any
number of books, and either publish none at all
or reduce the amount ordered to be published to a
much lower number ? Well, then, if we can*do it
in a week, can wc not do it atany time? I agree
that wc are bound to pay for such work as has
been done. Whenever we order work to be per-
formed, it is a part of the business of the Public
Printer to do that work, and if he doeg it we
must pay him for it. We are bound to pay him,
as far as he has progressed, for the work done.
But when we find a volume that has not been
entered upon; when we find a volume that has
not been printed; when we find that the Printer
has not commenced the execution of the order of
the House; we have a right to rescind the order,
and say that we will publish a smaller number, or
none at all.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Letciier]
seemed to take exception to what I said in rela-
tion to a want of information m relation to this
matter. I certainly know too much about the
arduous duties of the Committee of Ways and
M'xans, and the difficulty, at times, of obtaining
information, to attempt, even by implication, to
cast censure upon any member of that committee.
Mr. LETCHER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I indicated yesterday
an expression of opinion that the running debate
upon this bill had been already protracted too
long; that instead of saving money to the coun-
try, by the continuance of this discussion fuither,
wc were absolutely exhausting the public Treas-
ury by detaining the I~Iousc longer with this dis-
cussion. I therefore, yesterday, moved that the
committee rise, wilh a view of closing this five
minutes'debate. That, however, did not accom-
plish the purpose I had in view. I am now ad-
vised that the only mode by which 1 can succeed
in closing the debate on this bill, is by moving to
strike out the enacting clause. If that motion
prevails, I understand the effect will be that those
who have the bill in charge will report it to the
House, with the various amendments, and the
House will be brought to a direct vote upon the
bill and amendments. I therefore, in this view of
the matter,under the fcircumstances, move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to my friend from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion. I desire to
submit an amendment to the original bill, which,
I believe, will relieve gentlemen from many objec-
tions which they have taken to the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to my
friend from Missouri, that if mymotion prevails,
he can submit his amendment and accomplish his
purpose as well then as now.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir. The gentleman from
Kentucky must be aware that if the enacting
clause of the bill be stricken out, all the amend-
ments to the bill will be lost. The bill as origin-
ally presented, will be brought to the House,
with the recommendation that the enacting clause
be stricken out. The fust question to be taken
will then be on concurring with the recommenda-
tion of the committee. If that recommendation
be non-concurred in. the question will then arise
directly on the passage of the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Believing, as I do, that
the purpose the gentleman desires to accomplish
is to stop, as far as he can, this great waste of
the public time, I, myself, am willing to submit
to any proposition having that end m view. I will
therefore, for the present, withdraw my motion,
and allow the gentleman to offer his amendment,
hoping that after it shall have been disposed of,
thegentleman will renew my motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the ori-
ginal bill as an additional section. I suppose I
have the right to submit an amendment by way
of perfecting that part of the original bill which is
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. SEWARD. That amendment is in vio-
lation of the decision of the Chair made the other
day. I submit that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will reply to
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Georgia, that the cases are not similar. In the
case presented the other day, to which the gen-
tleman from Georgia has referred, there was an
amendment pending to the amendment Now,
the gentleman from Missouri proposes to amend
the section of the original bill which it is proposed
to strike out.
Mr. PHELPS. And there is no amendment
to the amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. SEWARD. The original bill has been
amended by the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. This is, therefore, an
amendment to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. Now, sir, when you
get to the end of the original bill, you have got
two amendments already to thatoriginal bill, and
you are multiplying amendments to a greater ex-
tent.than the rule allows.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair understands
the state of the question, there is no amendment
pending to the amendment. The amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward]
was adopted to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky; and a further amendment to that
amendment is therefore in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I move the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] as an amendment to the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that (he
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri is in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. Is not my motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Not at present. The gen-
tleman from Missouri has offered an amendment
and is entitled to the floor upon that amendment,
Mr. PHELPS. I move the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Sec. *2. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thai the Joint Com-
mittee on Pi mtmsis hort'bv directed to mcjmro if it is ne;ht
ami expedient to discontinue the furtlici publication of any
of the topoit^ onl«'i"d to be printed, eithei by the Senate or
the lIou>e ontepiunviitativus of thuTimty-Tinid or Thirty-
Fourth Congic^i's, and which have not yet been limited m
whole or in pait.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I have
offered does not emanate from the Committee of
Ways and Means, but it has received the concur-
rence of a portion of the members of that com-
mittee. I propose it aw an amendment for the
purpose of removing some of the difficulties which
exist in the minds of some of the members of this
committee.
The gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Single-
ton,] notnow in his seat, was yostciday certainly
misinformed, and has done injustice to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, when he told this com-
mittee that no portion of Emory 5s report had been
printed. The Secretary of the Interior said other-
wise, in a letter which I had read to the commit-
tee on Friday last. I was this morning told, by
the chief clerk of the Superintendent of Public
Plinting, that the first portion of the second vol-
ume had been m the hands of the printer for six
months, and that they wore waiting for the resi-
due of the report from the author. The Commit-
tee on Printing now propose to diminish the num-
ber of copies ordered of the second volume of that
work. Now, sir, if it be right and proper to dis-
continue the publication of any work which has
been ordered by either of the last two Congresses,
I propose that the Joint Committor on Printing
shall inquire into the matter. The Committee on
Printing has the right to report at any time, and
that committee will, no doubt, enlighten the House
with the result of its deliberations. If it be, in
their opinion, right and proper to discontinue the
! publication of the ninth and tenth volumes of the
Pacific railroad report, upon which no portion of
the work has been commenced, they will report
a resolution to that effect.
But, sir, recollect that this public printing has
been ordered not by a law, but by resolutions of
a single House. If it bo right to rescind those
resolutions, you may do it by a single resolution
of either House. If they consider it expedient
that a less number of the second volume of Em-
ory's report shall he printed than was originally
ordered, as we have been informed the Commit-
tee on Printing have already determined on, let
them report a resolution rescinding so much of
the resolution of the Thirty-Fourth Congress as
ordered the printing of ten thousand copies, and
order to be printed as many copies as they may
deem proper and expedient. I think, if this amend-
ment to the bill be adopted, it will relieve the com-
mittee, and relieve the minds of many members
of this committee from the objections which have
been taken to the passage of this bill. The Com-
mittee on Printing has the rijjht to report at any
time under your rules. The Committee on Print-
ing may consider this matter and report to-mor-
row, if they please, a resolution recommending
the suspension of the publication of the ninth and
tenth volumes of the Pacific railroad report.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri why we should vote the money to
pay for the ninth and tenth volumes of the Pa-
cific railroad reports, and then pass a resolution
directing the Committee on Printing to inquire if
their publication may not be dispensed with ?
Mr. PHELPS. It leaves the matter in thispo-
sition: if the House does not direct a suspension
of the further execution of this work, the money
will have been appropriated for the purpose of
meeting that expenditure. If it is the opinion of
a majority of this House that it is right and ex-
pedient to prohibit the publication of the ninth
and tenth volumes, let the Committee on Printing
make a report to that effect, and let the House
adopt the resolution if they think proper.
The inquiry was made by my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] whether we want this
money during the present fiscal year, provided
we continue the publication of the additional vol-
umes. I understand that we will. I understand
that a portion of it, perhaps, may not yet be pre-
pared; but it will be prepared and furnished to
the Public Printer before the 30th day of June
next, or shortly after that time. Therefore, the
Committee on Printing have time to consider this
matter; and if they recommend to the House to
diminish the number of copies to be printed, or
to prohibit the publication of any additional vol-
umes of any report, they can do so.
I have stated to this House that this bill does
not embrace money to be appropriated for the
seventh volume of GiUiss's report. I understand
that that report is not yet prepared for publication;
nor is it contemplated that it will be published
under this bill, nor that it will be paid for out of
the money appropriated by this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment which the
gentleman from Missouri has offered is, in my
opinion, a very mischievous one; and,instead of
relievingthe difficulties, it complicates them great-
ly. Suppose, for instance, that the joint Commit-
tee on Printing report that it is necessary to dis-
continue the publication of a certain work: what
proportion of the money appropriated by this bill
is it contemplated will have to be paid out to those
who have performed the work? How does the
gentleman propose to adjust the balance due, and
settle these difficulties? Now, if thegentleman's
amendment proves anything, it proves that this
whole question should be settled by the Commit-
tee on Printing before you legislate at all for the
payment of this money. If they should decide
that you should discontinue the publication of a
certain number of these works, then you could
legislate understandingJy.
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, let me say this: suppose you should
direct a discontinuance of the publication of any
volume of Gilliss's report. Now, a part of those
volumes have already been printed, and as a mat-
ter of course the compensation is due, to the
extent of the labor already performed, and you
must pay the paper manufacturer for the paper
usod for that printing.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the gentleman to
know how much will be sufficient compensation
for the labor already bestowed and for the vol-
umes already completed. By what standard
would he settle the compensation to be paid for
the work already done? The parties might not
be satisfied with the compensation fixed by law,
because the publication of a great number of vol-
umes would be less expensive in proportion, than
the publication of a few volumes. The result
will be that these parties will be coming here and
asking additional compensation on account of the
discontinuance of the work, because the compen-
sation is not adequate for the amount of work
