2638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There may be j
some one that does, and it would not be singular
if it was the Senator from Ohio, [laughter;] but j
I think it is certain that a majority of this body j
are in favor of continuing the compilation. The
first half of the amendment proposed by the Sen- j
ator from Kentucky provides for that. I am !
ready at once to vote that the compilation shall j
be made. I only ask for some little investigation j
as to what shall be the compensation allowed 1
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the .
House of Representatives for making the com- '
pilation. No provision is made in regard to that
at all. It is the last half of the amendment that :
attracts attention—that goes on to prescribe that
the Secretary and Clerk " are hereby directed to
contract with Gales & Seaton, the publishers of j
the first series, for publishing the same, not to *
exceed two thousand copies in number, at a price
per volume not exceeding that paid for the first
series." Our idea in attempting to fix checks has
been that it is time enough to order a book to be
printed when the manuscript or a copy is ready to
be delivered and shown to us, and then it is in our
power to ascertain the entire cost. The existing
printing laws provide a particular method by
which paper shall be procured. No price is fixed
for that, but on the contrary, by the law, the
paper is given out to the lowest bidder. Our law
is exceedingly defective even upon that, for m
that particular much partiality may be shown,
and we have attempted to remedy it by the bill |
which the Senate recently passed. No check can i
be attached to this provision which will be any ]
security ori that point unless you provide that i
the Superintendent of Public Printing shall fur- |
rush the paper; and when you do that, the pay 1
per volume will not answer as a rule, because,
when the old volumes were printed, the printers
furnished the paper. Precisely the same ciiti-
cism may he made in regard to the binding.
In regard to setting up the types and striking off
the number after the type is set up, the law now
establishes precisely what shall he paid per thou-
sand ems, so that if you have before you the man-
uscript you can estimate exactly what it comes
to. These are the advantages of having the work
compiled before you proceed to make a conuact
for its publication. The terms of this amend-
ment arc, that the payments shall bo made at a
price per volume not exceeding- that paid for the
first series. That price pervolume embraced bind-
ing and paper.as well as everything else connected
with the work. This could all be done very much
cheaper if the party chose to publish the book
without dry pressing,and then tin* volume would
be very defective. A patty taking a contract of
this description would not be hound, 1 think, to
throw in any extra woik to make the volumes
more complete.
I have before me some of the volumes of the
former edition of this work, and I find that some
of them are eight hundred pages, and some a
thousand pages. I have two volumes now on my
desk, one of which is eight hundred and forty-
six pages, and the other one thousand and forty-
three pages. Here is a difference of two hundred
pages. Certainty, the one volume must have cost
more than the other. The amendment provides
for a price per volume. Which of these volumes
is to be the standard for the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives in
arranging the price? It will be impossible for
them to iix a price under such a provision, unless
they run considerable risk, and take a responsi-
bility which 1 presume they would not be willing
to take.
I cannot fix checks myself, and I do not pro-
pose to make any attempt to do so. 1 should not
like to undeitake to do it. I believe the original
idea adopted here is the true one; and that is, to
have the work compiled and laid before us, pre-
t vious to making any order for its printing. W hen
it is given out, I have no objection to its being
given to these gentlemen, but it ought to be given
to them at the same prices that similar public work
is done for.
It is said that the price of composition has
greatly increased over what it was when the for-
mer edition was printed. Itmaybeso; but I have
no doubt that the price of binding and of paper
has greatly decreased; and it may be that there
is no increase at all m the price of setting up the
type. I thinly it would be not more than fair to
take the prices of public printing as now estab-
lished by law, and even they are complained of
by some as too great, but they are not adopted as
the rates here. The mere printing of this book
is a matter of no greater difficulty than the print-
ing of any other book; and I see no reason why
we should depart from the prices established by
the printing law under which we deal with all
other persons. I see no prudence, no propriety,
in going back to a period when we know nothing
about the prices, and can know nothing about
them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Arkansas that I have been doing all
I could to get an opportunity to say that I accept
the very amendment he wants to make. I am
willing to provide that the price shall not exceed
that which was formerly given, nor exceed that
which is now paid for printing the documents of
Congress. I will accept an amendment of that
kind.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That will b-e
satisfactory on that point. Then I will say we
must fix the price or paper. There is no price
established here for it at all. How is that to be
done? Will you say that the price allowed shall
be the avetage piice for which the Superintendent
makes contracts for paper? That would settle
that point, t suppose. You might also provide
for paying the same price for binding, which is
fifty cents for quarto volumes. 1 think it would
be unsafe to fix a price per volume. I have before
me now a volume of the former edition, which
contains only three hundred and sixty-one pages.
I believe the first half of the amendment ought to
be adopted, and that the second half ought not to
be. However, I shall not be pained in the least
if the amendment be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to hear the
amendment, which has been proposed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia and the Senator from Arkan-
sas, as a modification of my amendment, read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Add at the end ot' the section :
Provide!, That tin; prices or nitos to be paid lor the print-
ing of tins vvoi k shall not exceed iho*-o paid at pioaent for
the printing of the documents of Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I accept that as part of
my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I do not propose to de-
bate this matter; but if the contract is to be given
out I should like to bring it somewhere within
the life of man at any rate, so that we may have
conhoi over it within some reasonable time, I
therefore propose to amend the amendment by
adding to it:
. huJ jn ni'iiln! furf/wr. That tbe everiition of ^rnd woik
sh.ill nor be continued attei the J)Nt of Deoenibei. in the
\ear 1*00, and shall not exceed ten volumes m number, oi
equal m/.o and eh.uactor with tho^o pieviou-ly published.
Allowing ten dollars per volume, and I have no
idea it will cost less, two thousand copies would
amount to $30,001) for each volume, and multi-
plying that by ten would give us $200,000 as the
cost. Ten volumes is as much as can possibly be
completed within the time limited by my amend-
ment, and before that time we shall know some-
thing about the rates, and we shall have sufficient
data to determine whether we shall continue it,
and sec whether anything more ought to be done.
I propose the amendment in order to get the mat-
ter somewhere within the control of Congress.
Mr. ?ORlTTENDEN. I cannot accept that
amendment. I hope we shall have the question.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope that amendment will
be adopted, for the very reason given by the Sen-
ator from Maine. When we have continued the
work until 1800, and printed ten volumes, we
shall then know what we are about; and that is a
great deal. [ would rather have it five volumes;
and then if the work wa? done to the satisfaction
of Congress, it might be continued. Here the
contractor has to make no outlay; for the man-
uscript is to be handed to him by the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the "House. 1 think,
to allow three years for the printing of ten vol-
umes, is a limitation which ought to be put in to
keep the matter under our control.
Mr. HUNTER. I acknowledge the value of
this work; and if it is to be continued, there are
no persons to whose hands I would more willingly
see it consigned than to those who commenced it.
Indeed, there would seem to be equity m allowing
them to continue it. But I think the debate has
fully satisfied the Senate that this ought to be the
subject of a separate bill. It is a subject which
ought to be considered by a committee, and di-
gested; and if it should be so considered and pre-
sented to the Senate, I should be ready to decide
on its merits, and to decide upon it, too, with the
opinion that if it could be done on safe terms to the
Government, there ought to be some continuation
of this work, unless it should cost us too much;
for I feel the force of what has been said by the
Senator from Georgia, that this is no time to com-
mence expensive enterprises. Surely, after what
has been shown and proved here, we ought not
blindly to put it on an appropriation bill. It
ought to be the subject of a separate bill; and when
i it comes up in that shape, I shall be ready to con-
1 sider it fairly. The objections that have been
urged by the Senator from Arkansas have struck
me with great force; and I really cannot see my
way, if I were willing to vote for it on an appro-
priation bill, how to do it in the present state of
our information.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a single
remark in relation to this last proposition, confin-
ing the work to ten volumes, or any particular
number. This compilation cannot, in reasonable
probability, be made for any one volume. The
manner of making the compilation is to take your
elements, the materials, the volumes out of which
the compilation is to bo made, run through them,
posting each subject m the ledger, under the head
to which it belongs. That is the course to be
pursued with each of the hundreds of volumes.
You desire to condense, posting them all under
the different heads to which they belong. Of
course one volume is never made up byltself.
When you get your work done, it is done for them
all, all arc finished. If you undertake to confine it
to ten volumes, the amount which those ten vol-
umes would contain must determine the com-
pilers as to what they would select. If they are to
be confined to ten volumes, there will never be
any more but those ten. If they do not contain
all we wish to preserve, and deem it important to
preserve, there will be noway of adding to them,
because you will have gone through your materi-
als, and if then you undertake to make other vol-
umes, they will be supplementary volumes, made
up of unimportant materials, and that would not
do at all.
With this view of the subject, it seems to me
that the compilation must go on for the whole
work, and it must be determined, not by fixing
your number of volumes first, and then regulating
your selections with a view to that; but selecting
your materials as the others were, from the im-
poitance and value of them, and then making
whatever volumes they will necessarily make.
Otherwise it cannot be done, as I think, for any
of the purposes for which tiic other compilation
was made.
Mr. KESSENDEN. The Senator from Ver-
mont has made a capital argument, m my judg-
ment, in favor of my proposition. He says you
have got to ascertain what the whole material
is; and, if you confine it to ten volumes, those ten
volumes will embrace the most important sub-
jects, and you will not be likely to publish the rest,
because they will be of little value. That is pre-
cisely one of the objects I aim at. If you leave
this unlimited, and give out a contract, and agree
to take two thousand copies of as many volumes
as the publishers choose to publish, nobody can
foresee what the number of volumes will be, or
what will be the value of the volumes themselves.
We may have a great deal of matter published of
no consequence at all, merely because it is a job
which pays. I shall vote against this proposition
anyhow, m the present state of things; but, if we
aie to undeuake it, let us have some limitation
by which we can control the character of the book,
as well as the quantity of it. If we adopt the sug-
gestion of my amendment, we accomplish the ob-
ject ol getting the book somewhere within our con-
trol in reasonable time, and seeing what it is to be,
and what it is to cost, and insuring a careful at-
tention to the nature of the selection. Otherwise
we do, as suggested by the Senator from Georgia,
let out a stupendous job, of which nobody in the
Senate can possibly see the end or the conse-
quences.
Mr. COLLAMER. I supposed that if the de-
sign was to continue this publication, it was be-
cause the Senate was satisfied with the character
of that which had been made; that so far as it had
