THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Conpkess, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1858.
New Series....No, 34.
done. I therefore hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr.Phelps's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
•ment offered by the gentleman from Georgia to the
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order now to offer an
amendment, either as an amendment to the bill,
or as an addition to the amendmentof thegentle-
man from Kentucky?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mi. HOUSTON. Then I offer the following
amendment:
Sec. —. Be it further enacted, That hereafter, in all cases
where proposal's for any contract or contracts, to bo made
by any of the .Executive Departments or huieaus, and in all
cases where notices of any description, truing trom the
same, aie now rcquned by law to be advertised, the baiirt?
shall bo advertised by pubhcaiion in one newspaper in the
cnv of Washington/to be selected by (lie President of the
United State*: Provided, That the charges for such publi-
cations shall not be higher than such us aie paid byindivid-
uals for advertising in said paper.
Sec. —. %flnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
twelfth section of an act entitled u An act making appropil-
-atiotts for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1846," approved March 3, !84.r), as conflicts with this act, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
The object of the amendment is this: at present
all the notices 
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. It is
that the amendment is not germane to the bill and
the question before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is. It
comes in as an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. SEWARD. It proposes to change the law
in reference to publication of notices. That sub-
ject is not under consideration.
Mr. NICHOLS. I saw that amendment before
it was offered, and I cordially approve of the ob-
ject sought to be attained by it, but I make this
point of order upon the amendment: the bill makes
•appropriations, or is intended to make appro-
priations, for a specific object named in it—the
printing of the House of Representatives and of
the Senate. Now, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama proposes to change laws
which have been some time in existence, and
which affect the organization of the Departments
of the Government, and, therefore, I think it can-
not be in order as an amendment to tilts bill. I
believe that the gentleman's object is a correct
one; and I suggest to him that he had better refer
his amendment, m the form of a resolution, to the
select committee on the Public Printing which has
made an investigation of this subject, has it now
under consideration, and will report upon it in a
few days.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand this to be a bill
to appropriate money for deficiencies in the pub-
lic printing; and the gentleman who reported the
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means has
offered an additional section of general legislation.
Now, my amendment relates to apart of the pub-
lic printing—a part, it is true, which comes from
the Departments, but at the same time it is pub-
lic printing, just such as is involved in this bill;
ana if the Chair will allow me to explain the-
amendment to the committee, I do not think there
will be any opposition to it.
Mr. Chairman, the law which I propose to re-
peal or modify, is found in the naval appropriation
Dill. It relates to the public printing, but it is to
be found in the naval appropriation bill of 1845.
My amendment proposes to dispense with the
publication of all of these notices that come from
.the Departments for mail contracts, &c., in two of
the Washington city papers where they are at
present printed. Tiie existing law says that all
such notices shall be published in the two papers
in the District having the largest circulation, and
also in a third paper m the District selected by the
President of the United States; so that they are
published in three papers. Now every member
of the House who takes the Union, the Intelligen-
cer, or the Star, occasionally gets a batch, weigh-
" ing some two or three pounds of notices in relation
to the postal service of the country; and I venture
34
to say that those things very seldom find, their
way into the interior of the country where the
bidders come from and the service is to be ren-
dered.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a question of
order pending, and it is not in order to debate
the amendment. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Nichols,] and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his point of order. All ad-
mit that this is an important amendment; and I
will state to the committee that, if the amendment
had been the law twenty days ago, you would have
saved at least $30,000, which has been thrown
away upon the papers of this District, and will do
no good to the public service of the country.
Mr. NICHOLS. I cannot resist the appeal of
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. BOYCE. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Itis'not.
Mr. NICHOLS. I rose to withdraw the point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late. The Chair
has sustained the gentleman's point of order, and
ruled the amendment of the gentleman from Ala-
bama out of order.
Mr. BOYCE. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
Jind be it further enacted, That hereafter it shall not be
lawful to order the punting of anv leport* or other writings
submitted to Congress, until the Joint Committee on Punt-
ing shall first estimate and repoit the extent and probable
coat of the repoits or wuting-5 to be punted.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
olina is a proposition to change the rules of the
House, and is not germane to the bill. I will vote
with the gentleman for the adoption of a rule for
the government of the House that no report shall
be ordered to be printed until the manuscript shall
be in the possession of the House, and the Com-
mittee on Printing shall have reported the cost;
but it is not in order as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us put it in this bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to incorporate the following in his
amendment:
And that hereafter when any reporter other communica-
tion is submitted to cithei House of Congress by any De-
pailmeni, buicau, or office of the Government, bv any
other pi-'i>on or person**, and <wch reporter othei communi-
cation h ordered to be printed, no addition*; o! any kind shall
be made thereto without the direction of the House or ot Con-
gress giving the order to print, and no alterations oi eouee
tions shall be made theiem which will change the chaiac-
ter of the work as originally communicated and ordeied to
be printed, or which may add to the eos>t of punting.
Mr. BOYCE. I cannot accept that.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will modify his amendment, so as to provide
that no alteration or change shall be made unless
under the direction of the House or of Congress.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is now the language of
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is not in or-
der.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
from South Carolina to modify his amendment,
so as to embrace extra copies.
Mr. BOYCE. I will accept of that modifica-
tion. The great difficulty in reference to the ex-
pense of this printing department of the Govern-
ment is, that Congress is induced to order the
printing of works without knowing anything
about the extent of those works, or the expense
of printing them.
Now, if Congress, in ordering the printing of
Gilliss's report, or the Japan expedition, or Em-
ory's report, had had any idea of the extent of
those works, or of their immense expense, I do
not believe they would ever have ordered the
printing of those works. The amendment I pro-
pose meets this difficulty, and requires that an
estimate of the probable extent of the work and
of the expense shall be submitted to Congress at
the very threshold. In that way Congress can-
not be drawn unexpectedly and ignorantly into
undertaking to print these mammoth works which
cost such immense sums of money, and half of
which are worth nothing when completed. Vast
expenditures have been made upon this matterof
printing, and a great deal of the matter printed is
the veriest trash in the world; it only incumbers
the mails, and is worth nothing. In order, there-
fore, to putan end to this growing evil, this profli-
gate expenditure of the public money upon this
printing department, it seems to me that we had
better adopt some additional amendment or sfee-
tion like the one I have suggested, and I lfeave it
to the committee.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to make but a single
remark, Mr. Chairman, and that is, that 1 hope
we shall not spend so much time and economy on
these little dribbling expenditures, as to prevent
us from stopping the greatpr expenditure in refer-
ence to the Army, &c. We do get some benefit
from all these appropriations, and I am inclined
to vote for the bill. I would like, however, ®n
assurance from the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] on one point. In the correspondence that
was read by the gentleman from Virginia, [M1'-
Clemens,] at the opening of Congress, the elec-
tion of Mr. Wendell, as Printer, was urged on
the ground that he had bled so patriotically and
so freely in the last presidential canfpaiirp  
Mr. PHELPS. I must make a question of
order on the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think I am in order. I
simply want an assurance from the gentleman
from Missouri that none of this money is to go
to remunerate Mr. Wendell forthese patriotic ser-
vices.
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois in this way. Mr.
Wendell can get nothing under this bill except
for work performed according to the prices spe-
cified in the act of Congress of 1852, when "the
prices were regulated by Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I can vote for the .bill
with a great deal of satisfaction. I believe we do
get some benetit from all these publications.
The question was taken on Mr. Biifce's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in as an additional section.:
And no extra copies of any document shall be printed,
except when ordered by joint resolution.
My motive in offering this amendment is a very
simple one, Itis to restore the business of print-
ing to the limits of our constitutional authority.
Under the name of contingent funds, and orders of
a single House of Congress, we have spent, under
the head ofprint,ing,twoand a half millions in the
last Congress, and have averaged a milli-m . nd a
quarter for the last four years, and this not by au-
thority of law, but by the order of a single House
of Congress.
Now there is no power in the Constitution more
carefully guarded than the power over the purse.
In all forms of republican government the money
power is the one that is most carefully limited;
and under our form of government, the Consti-
tution requires that before any money is appro-
priated or spent, the expenditure shall be'sanc-
tionedby both Houses of Congress, and approved
by the President. And yet, sir, by a species of
legislative legerdemain,we have succeeded, for the
last four years, in averaging a million and a quar-
ter in the single matter of printing, without'any
other sanction whatever than resolutions passed
in a single House of Congress, most frequently
under the gag, and without the yeas and nays.
I If the amendment be adopted,-it will at once
! put a stop to this thing. No large expendiMie
i for printing can then be made unless sanctioned
I by the legislative authority of this Gove-nment,
I by both Houses of Congress, and by the sici.i-
| ture of the President. I submit, then, whether
it would not be a worthy and proper refmrj for
this Congress to inaugurate, to declare that wh--e
each House of Congress shall be competent to <r-
der that printing which is necessary for i's own
purposes, to enable them to discharge their dutu-a
as legislators intelligently, yet that all genet a]
