518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 14,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
From Bellingham to Woonsocket Falls,(Rhode
Island.)
From Sheldenville to Wrentham.
MINNESOTA.
From Minneapolis, via Greenwood, Cocato,
Forest City, arid Irving, to Breckinridge.
From Fort Brits, via Blue Earth City, to Al-
bert Lea.
From Houston City, via Yucatan, and High-
land, to Preston.
From Dacotah City, via Judson, Crystal Lake
City, to Bkfe Earth City.
From Albert Lea, via Bristol, (Iowa,) Mason
City, to Cerro Gordo, (Iowa.)
From Albert Lea, via Blue Earth City, Fairi-
bault county, to Winnebago City.
From Traverse des Sioux, via Head of Swan
Lake, Lafayette, Fort Ridgeley, to Sioux agency.
From Lake City, via Mazeppa, Pine Island,
Manterville, to Wassiojah.
From New Ulm, via Soda Springs, Oasis,
Mountain Pass, to Medary.
From Medary, via Flandreau City, Summit
City, Sioax Falls City, Emineja, to Sioux City,
(Iowa.)
From Medary to FortRandall, (Nebraska Ter-
ritory.)
From Lake City to Rochester.
From La Crescent, via Loretto, Ridgeway,
Farmersville, Wytoka, Wayland, Wyattsville,
Warren, Neoca, Saratoga,Chatfield, and Marion,
to Rochester.
From Caledonia, via Sheldon, Yucatan, and
Dedham, to Rushford.
From Rochester, via Marion, Chatfield, Far-
mers' Grove, and Preston, to Carimona.
From St. Peters, via New Ulm, Fort Ridgely,
Sioux agency, to Pajutazee.
From Looneyville, via Houston, Yucatan,
Deadham, Newbury, Senora, to Elliota.
From Chatfield, via High Forest, Madison,
Geneva, Freeborn, to Winnebago City.
From Shockapee, via St. Valentine, Rockford,
Monticello, to Clear Water.
From Brownsville, via La Crescent, Eagle
Bluffs, Dressbuck, Dakota, Richmond, Lineviile,
Horner, to Winona.
From Winnebago city, via Fairmount, to Jack-
son.
From Glencoe, via Hutchinson, Forest City,
Paynesville, to Clear Water.
trom Glencoe, via Camden, to Watertown.
From Elliota, via Granger, Uxbridge, Forest
City, Lime Springs, Chester, Leroy, Six Mile
Grove, Cedar Valley, Otranto, Shell Rock City,
Walnut Lake, to Blue Earth City.
From Chatfield, via Pleasant G rove, High For-
est, to Austin.
From Minneapolis, via Wayzata, Watertown,
Weinstead, Byron,^nd Cedar City, to Kandi-
yohi.
From Minneapolis to Hudson, on the west side
of Minnesota river.
From Clear Lake, via Clear Water and Fair
Haven, to Forest City.
Prom Faribault, via Swaresey and lasco, to
Mankato.
From Ovvatanna, via Clear Lake and lasco, to
Maukato.
From Austin, via Geneva, Berlin, Otisco, Wil-
ton, and Iosco, to St. Peter.
From Wabashau, via Dodge City, to Medford.
From Princeton, via Granite City, to Crow
Wing.
From Little Falls, via Granite City, Hanover,
and Stirling, to Fortuna.
From Little Falls, via Broltersburg, to Sunrise
City.
FromWatab, in Benton county, to St. Joseph,
in Stearns county.
From St. Cloud, via Broltersburg, and Bruns-
wick, to Fortuna.
From Faribault, in Rice county, to Wilton, in
Waseca county.
From Grey Eagle, via Pine Creek, P. 0., to
Ridgeway.
From Rochester, via Salem, Ashland, and Som-
erset, to Wilton.
From Red Wing, via Sacramento, Wanamingo,
and Rice Lake, to Owatona.
From Carmon's Falls, wa Wastedo, Hader,
Wanamingo, Cherry Grove, and Concord, to
Monterville.
From Austin to Blue Earth City.
' From" Minneapolis, via Watertown and Win-
stead, to Breckenridge.'
From Mount Vernon to White Water Falls.
From Geneva, in Freeborn county, to Freeborn
City, in Faribault county.
From Swan River to Long Prairie.
From Blue Earth City, to Fort Dodge, in Iowa.
From New Ulm, via Tuttle's Farm, to Leav-
enworth.
From Long Prairie to Little Falls.
From Columbus to Cambridge.
From Clear Spring, via Clearwater, to Forest
City.
From Red Wing to Montorville.
From Sioux Falls to Fort Randall, Nebraska
Territory.
From the mouth of James River, via Blue
Earth, Rocky Hill, Sandy Hill, to Wakandapi
Hills.
From Elliota, via Granger, Uxbridge, Forest
City, Lime Springs, Chester, Le Roy, Six Mile
Grove, Cedar Valley, Otranto, Shell Rock City,
Walnut Lake, to Blue Earth City.
From Chatfield, via Pleasant Grove, High For-
est, to Austin.
From Minneapolis, Wayzata, Watertown,
Weinstead, Byron, and Cedar City, to Kandiyohi.
From Minneapolis, to Hudson, on the west side
of Minnesota river.
From Clear Lake, via Clearwater and Fair Ha-
ven, to Forest City.
From Faribault, via Swanzey and lasco, to
Mamkato.
From Owatunna, via Clear Lake, lasco, to
Mankato.
From Austin, via Geneva, Berlin,Otisco, Wil-
ton, Iosco, to St. Peters.
MICHIGAN.
From Corunna, via Shiawasseetown, Free-
mont, Antrim, Conway, to Fowlerville.
From Leonard post office, in Mecosta county,
the northern terminus of route number twelve
thousand six hundred and seven, to Stevens'
post office in Grand Traverse county.
From Nickleville, in Saginaw county, via Brody
and Elsie, to Duplain, in Clinton county.
From Brooklyn to Napoleon.
From Lapeer, in Lapeer county, via Marathon,
Watertown, and Fremont, in Tuscolee county,
to Vassal-, in said county.
From Adamsville, via Mottville and Union, to
White Pidgeon.
From St. John's, in Clinton county, via Key-
stone, Greenbush, Stella, North Star, to La
Fayette.
From   ■, via Matherton, Monticello, to
Albany, in Isabel county.
From Ithica, via La Fayette, to St. Charles.
From Ithica, via Alina and Sf. Louis, to Mid-
land City.
PromSt. John's, via Luna,Gardner's ^Corners,
East Essex, Maple Rapids, Spring Brook, to
Ithica.
From Jackson to Pulaski.
From Marquette, by the most direct line to the
Wisconsin State line, on the Menoinonie river,
about five miles from its mouth.
From Little Traverse, via Mackinaw City, to
Duncan.
From Appleton, via Shawano, L. Ance's P.
0., Houghton's, Clifton, Eagle river, Eagle Har-
bor, to Copper Harbor.
From Midland City to Albany.
From Pewamo, via Maple P. 0., to Portland.
From Pewamo to Mancherton.
Fiorn Chessanning to St. Charles.
From Ontanagon, via Rockland, Adventure,
Algonquin, Houghton, Clifton, Eagle river,
Eagle Harbor, to Copper Harbor.
MISSISSIPPI.
From Kosciusko, via Centre, Plattsburgh,
Noxapater, Coopwood, Fearn's Springs, and
Gholson, to Shuqualak.
From Granada, via Duck Hill, Stateland,
Greensboro', Bankston, Wilcox, New Prospect,
and Louisville, to Macon.
From Carrollton to Sidon.
From Schuqualak, via Gholson, Coflfadeliah,
Philadelphia, Laurel Hill, Edinburg, and Car-
thage, to Canton.
From Kosciusko, via Long Creek, Allen, Wil-
liams' Ferry, to Taylor's Depot.
From Lauderdale station, on the Mobile and
Ohio railroad, via Kemper's Springs, Cullum's
Mills and Pleasant Ridge, to De Kalb.
From Benton to Vaughn's station.
From Okolona, via Houston, Pittsboro', to
Granada.
From Granada, via Charleston, to Goff's Land-
ing.
From Canton, via Ludlow, Hillsboro', Corre-
hatta, and Decatur, to Enterprise.
MISSOURI.
From Herman, in Gasconade county, via Fran-
cis Peters, on Second Creek, Mount Sterling,
John B. Coopers', in Osage county, Alexander
S. Rogers', in Galloway's Prairie, to Pay Down,
in Maries county.
From Jefferson City to Emporia, Kansas.
From Greenfield, via Horse creek and Lamar,
to Fort Scott, Kansas.
From Jefferson City to Moneka, Kansas.
From Little Piney, via Wright andKetchum's
Store, to Dent Court-House, in Dent county.
From Greenfield, Dade county,via King's Point
and Davisburgh, to Carthage, in Jasper county.
From Osage City, via Toas, Castle Rock,West-
phalia, Maries, to Vienna.
From Pdot Knob, in Iron county, via Charles
Carter's, in Reynolds county, to Doniphan, in
Ripley county.
From Marshfield to St. Luke.
From Cole Camp, via Clinton, to Butler.
From Neosho, via Spartansvilie and Gilstrap'a
Ferry, to the Grand Sabine,in the Cherokee Na-
tion.
From Vienna to Tuscumbia.
From Steelville to Centreville.
From Bolivar, via Pleasant Hope and Fair
Grove, to Marshfield.
From Chester, (Illinois,) via St. Mary's Land-
ing, R Mills, Pleasant Valley, Cross Roads,
Mine La Motte, to Frederickstown.
From Fayette, via Bunker Hill, to Sturgeon.
From Brunswick, via Elk Springs, Lacleide,
Linnaeus, Scottsville, Milan, Jackson Corners,
Unionville, to Centreville, (Iowa.)
From Somerset to Princeton.
From Macon City, via La Platte, Kirksville,
Green top, Inkerman, Lancaster, Lavinali, to
Bloomfield, (Iowa.)
From Chilicothe, via Trenton, Middlebury, to
Pri nceton.
From Shelbyville', via Newark, to Edina.
From Huntsville, via Fort Henry, Breckin-
ridge, and Magee College, to Bloomington.
From-Boonville, via Boonsboro', to Glasgow.
From Canton, via Monticello, Newark, Edina,
Kirkville, Nineveh, Greenville, Milan, Lindley,
and Trenton, to Gallatin.
From Lowell to Rockport.
From Oregon, via Whig Valley and Glain's
Ranche, to Marysville.
From Fillmore, via Graham, Russell's Mills,
Lamar's Station, and Amity, to Clarinda, (Iowa.)
From Canton, via Memphis, Lancaster, Union-
ville,St. John, Princeton, Bethany,Gentry Court-
House, and Rochester, to St. Joseph.
From Rochester, via Douglas, Island Branch,
Mount Pleasant, West Fork, and Middle Fork
of Grand river, to Fairview.
From Rockport to Lewis, (Iowa.)
From Oregon, via ForestCity, to White Cloud,
(Kansas.)
From St. Joseph, via Elwood, Wathena, Troy,
and Bennett's, to Kennekuck, (Kansas.)
From Parkville, via Ridgeley and Plattsburgh,
to Stewartsville.
From Weston, via Camden Point, to Easton.
From St. Joseph, via Belmont and Laporte,to
Charleston, (Kansas.)
From Easton, via Rochester and Fairview, to
Des Moines.
From Missouri City, via Liberty and Platts-
burgh, to Stewartsville.
From Liberty, via Hayneville and Mirabile,to
Gallatin.
From Missouri City, via Hayneville, to Cam-
eron.
