mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.'.
June 2.
have, if we do not mean to give books to our-
selves. 1 move, therefore, to strike out two thou-
sand, and inswt one thousand. If the proposition
carries, I shall vote for the amendment; if not, I
shall be compelled, with my views, to vote against
it.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition is to reduce the
number to one thousand. It is intended to de-
stroy the original amendment altogether.
Mr. BAYARD. How?
Mr. DAVIS. Surely you must expect greatly
to increasethe rate to be paid, if you dimmish it
to one thousand. The profit on the printing of
one thousand, with ihe double restriction as to
price which has been imposed, would not ailow
the work to be undertaken. 11 could not be printed
at all on apy such small scale. The expense in-
curred is m composition. As this is letter work,
you may multiply the copies after you have paid
for the composition without keeping up the same
rate of expense. If the proposition had been made
to make it six thousand instead of one thousand
copies, 1 should have thought better of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I would rather vote for a prop-
osition to limit it to one thousand copies without
limiting the cost of the work, whether it is to cost
more or less; because we have a right to print this
work for the purposes of the country to the extent
to which it is justifiable to u<ie it, without regard
to the question of cost. I am not going to stop
on that. I do not care if you strike out the pro-
viso as to the cost, juovided you reduce the num-
ber; but if the object ts to print two or more thou-
sand copies, m order to go into the system of
distributing among members of Congress, (for
that is what it will come to,) I must vote against
the proposition. If the object is—though it may
be expensive—to publish a work which will be
valuable in itself, to distribute a proper number
of copies to the public offices, and give a proper
number lo the in tenor Department for distribution
among the libraries of the country, and reserve a
reasonable number for the use of Congress—not
individual members—then I am willing to vote for
the proposition, apart from any restriction on the
price; but lam not willing to vote for printing
such a number of copies that the inevitable icsult
will be distribution among members.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 find in this no proposition to
distribute to members of Congress. I do not un-
derstand that to be the purpose of the amendment.
So far, from it, the amendment guards that these
copies, or a certain number of them, shall be de-
posited as directed, in depot. I should be per-
fectly willing to give to members of Congress the
authority to buy this woik at the actual cost to
the Government; and 1 know of no Senator whom
i have heard speak on the subject who has not
said he would buy the continuation, so as to com-
plete the set which he has. 1 should be very glad
indeed, myself, to hnve it. 1 have not heard a
Sen,nor wiio (l)d not say he was not icady to
pay the cost in his own case. Hut if you are to
bare a large edition, this is not a thing which will
change; it will bo the same a bundled years hence
that it is to-day; it is the old fixed history of the
country which you are to punt. If you keep it,
in depot a hundred years, still theie would come,
your after year, members who would want the
books for reference to enable thorn to p'-rfoim
t hen- duties intelligently; wnd to those I would still
give the privilege of obtaining them at their cost,
and that would be the means of securing distribu-
tion to men who would make use of them, and
not do with them what has been represented as
having been done in relation to other public doc-
uments.
This whole matter of public punting is a sub-
ject of which 1 know little. Like the Senator from
Georgia, I have not paid attention to it. I do uot
know myself how to make a calculation m l egard
to it; but I think it far better, whilst we are print-
ing the edition, that it should be largei, rather
than smaller than what is proposed in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky. I would
rather increase it to six thousand, first guarding
against the distribution in the manner suggested
by the Senator from Delaware, and then keep the
books m depot, to be thrown out from tunc to
time, as the interests of the country might indi-
cate.
Mr. CAMERON. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Delaware will be the same as voting
down the amendment. It will be impossible to
do the type-setting of one thousand copies for the I
price agreed to be paid, with the guards put on j
this amendment now. The number the Senator
from Delaware proposes to print would not be
dono at all. The amount to be paid, under the
restriction, would not pay for setting the type. I
doubt whether it would pay for compilation.
Mr. BAYARD. Thatdepends on the sum we
allow for printing.
Mr. CAMERON. You have afixedsum,and
have put on a guard. If the Senate think proper
to have this printing, they ought to leave the num-
ber as it is. ] should myself agree with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi in fixing a larger number.
Mr. BAYAUD. Itregardsonly myown vote.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi may
suppose that the result would be that members
of Congress like himself would be willing to buy
these worksaftcr they are prepared. It maybe so.
There are some that would. I think itis probable
1 would do so myself;but I am perfectly satisfied
m my own mind, from what I have heard and
know of the past transactions of the Government,
that we should get back to the same abuse that
we have endeavored to escape from after a hard
struggle, in reference to the publication of books
and distribution among members of Congress for
their individual use. As regards the necessity for
the use of members of Congress, if you choose to
provide a Governmentlibrary for theSenate when
you get into your new wing of the Capitol, you
can do so; and there we can have the use of them *
not only for to-day, but for the future. You may
put them in your library, and in the library two
hundred copies would suffice for all. These are
not public works to sell. I cannot sec that we
ought to publish a number of copies beyond those
which the wants of the Government require. I
admit the value of the work. I am willing to take
off the icstnctions as to pricc, and I do not care
whether the work is to cost ten, or twenty, or
twenty-five dollars a volume; but I am not will-
ing to print such a number of volumes that the
lesult will be that they will either nensh, or more
probably hereafter, as that is in tne discretion of
Confess, they will be divided among individual
members. I have heard enough of the history of
that to know what the effect of that is as regards
its coi ruptive tendency. 1 am not willing, there-
fore, to vote beyond the number of one thousand
copies, for I cannot see any possible use the Gov-
ernment can have of printing more.
Mr. HALE. 1 have got up to discharge my
duty to the country by making a speech, as that
seems to be the older of the day; but, if the Sen-
ate are willing to vote,! shall be veiyglad to
forego that duty.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Crittenden:, as amended.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PUG11. The Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. I£ay\te] requested me to pair off with
him; otherwise 1 should vote in the negative.
The result was announced—yeas 34, nays 15;
as follows:
VttAS—Allen, Hell, Hoiijamin, ttigler, Bright,
nrudetjek, Blown, Cammon, ChsuulJoi, Claik, Coiluiner,
()i iHcinlen, DiiVH, Dixon, Doolmte, Douglas, Foot, Foster,
hale, liou-aon, Kennedy, Malloiy, M<i .on, Pcatee, Sebas-
tian. Huwaid, trunnion?-, StiMir, Thompson of Kentucky,
Tlionihon ol New Jeise>, Wade, Wilson, Wiight, and Yu-
Ice—31.
NA Yrf—Messrs. Bayaul. Clay, Fessenden, Fit/patriek,
Gioon, liaiian, Hunter, Iver&on, Johnson of Aikaii'-u.-..
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones*, Polk, lleid, Toombs, ami
Tiuttibull—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I kwe two or three little
amendments that I am directed to offer, by the
Committee on Territories. The first is to insert
at the end of the first section:
To John B Motiewfot compensation as acinic Secretary
of the Tciorory of Ncbt-ir-k.t t-ince the vacancy cieateil by
the death of T. B Cummin^, 3.~>.
lie performed this duty after the death of the
Secretary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr DOUGLAS. I have another amendment,
from the same committee.
Jlnd kc ilfuilhcr enacteJ, That there t-hall be paid, outof
any iuoik y in the1 Tioa^ury not oihenvi-e appiopuuted, to
Charles H. Mason, .^eciet.iry of the Terntoiy ot Washing-
ton, the difference bctwv«n the salaiv of Governor and sii
permtendent of Indian afi.urs, anil the saldjy of Secretary
of the Territory of Washington, for the time the said Charles
II. Mason was acting Govei nor and supeimtendent ot 1 nriian
affairs of said Temtoiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have one more amendment
to add at the end of the first soc.non:
For contingent expenses of the Teuitoiy of Kansas,
$9,0Q3 75, to be disbarred nndci the direction of the Secre-
tary of State,upon the production of ^aiisiactoiy vouchers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I renew my amendment that I
moved yesterday, in a modified form.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator to offer the same amend-
ment.
Mr. GREEN. It is changed as follows:
And he it further enacted, Thar the piovivion^ of the fifth
section of the act entitled u An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses ol Govei mneul for the
yeai 1811," appioved the 3d day of Maich, 1341, and the
i eighth section of the am entitled il An aotmakincappropri-
j ation* Cot certain civil expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1858,approved the 3d day of
Mine h, 1857„ are hereby const) ued and declared to diteet the
Seeretaiyot the Treasury to allow and pay to j-mveyois of
ports pertorming or having pei formed the duties of collect-
or of customs since the passage of the law last above re-
cited, the same compensation, aud no other, as is allowed
to collectors for like services.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate take the question on all the amendments sep-
arately ?
Several Senators. Together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are some amend-
ments that I hope will not be adopted—the amend-
ments for completing custom-houses and marine
hos pitals.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the question first
on the amendments made in committee, excepting
such as Senators desire to take the question on
separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Jllmois indicate the amendment he de-
sires to be excepted ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think itwould be better
to take the question separately on all the amend-
ments. ["Oh, no.1'] I imagine it is very difficult
for every Senator to know what all the amend-
ments are, there are such a number of them. They
are not printed, and we do not know what we are
voting for. Some of these amendments have been
inserted sub silentio, without having; a direct vote
upon them. I think it would be "better to have
each of them presented; but the amendments to
which I particularly direct attention, and on which
I wish a separate vote at any rate, are those cm-
braced m the amendments recommended by the
Committee on Finance, and which apply to pub-
lic buildings. They are on pas;os 4 and 5 of the
printed amendments of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they can be ex-
cepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois desires that the amendments indi-
cated by him shall be excepted.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator fiom California,
[Mr. Gwix,] who is not here, asked me to except
the amendment in regard to the price of survey-
ing private land claims in California. At his re-
quest I ask that that be excepted.
Mr. DROWN. 1 suggest that the amendments
be read over in the order in which they were
adopted. ["Oh, no,'']
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will take all day. Except
what you want.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. Does the Sen-
ator from Mississippi insist on thatcouise. ["Oh,
no."]
Mr. BROWN. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendments not excepted.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendments which have been ex-
cepted to; and first on those indicated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wi«h to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to this item:
For continuing the work on the custom-honse at Charles-
ton, South Catolma, $3UO,OUO.
I should like to inquire of the chairman of the
j) Committee on Finance, upon what estimate that
jj is based? I find, by the report of the Secretary
