1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
From Park ville ,via Plattsburgh, Gallatin, Tren -
ton, Milan, Memphis, to Burlington, (Iowa.)
Prom Greenwood Valley to Eminence.
From Charleston to St. James Bayou.
From Appleton, via Pocahontas and Vancle's
Store, to Cape Girardeau City.
From Frederickstown to Perryville.
From Princetan, viaCainsville, Harrison City,
and Coysville, to Albany.
From Platte City, via Farley, to Leavenworth
City, (Kansas.)
From Rockport, via Rich, to Mount Yernon,
(Nebraska.)
From Chillicothe, via Springhill, Livingston,
Jamesport, Crittenden, and Pleasant Ridge, to
Bethany.
From Plattsburgh, via Platte river, Arnolds-
ville, Berming, DeKalb, and Rushville, to Atcli-
inson, (Kansas.)
From Richfield, via Cameron, Alto-Vista, and
Pattensburg, to Bethany.
From Harrisonville, via Parla, Stanton, Ohio
City, to Sac and Fox agency.
From Elk Mills,via Lewis Hetterbrand's, Pe-
ter L. Thompson's, and Lewis Rogers's, to the
Grand Sabine, (Cherokee Nation.)
From Herman, via Second Creek, Mount Ster-
ling, Delhi, Gallaway's Prairie, toPaydor.
From Savannah, via Whiteville, Guilford, and
Sweet Home, to Bedford, (Iowa.)
From Allendale, via Centrehill, Smithton, and
West Point, to Marysville.
From St. Joseph's,viaIowaPoint,White Cloud,
Mount Roy,Yamlin, and Central City, (Kansas.)
From Bethany, via Eagleville, to Decatur City,
(Iowa.)
Erom Parkville, via Barry, to Plattsburgh.
From CarroIlton,vra Finney's Grove, Mitlville,
and Knoxville, to Plattsburgh.
From Parkville, via Fairniount, Smithville,
Carpenter's Store, and Plattsburgh, to Gallatin.
From Marysville to Bedford, (Iowa.)
From Bethany to Nine Eagles.
From Lebanon to Hartwell.
From Douglas Court-House to Howell Court-
House.
From Hartwell to Douglas Court-House.
From Buffalo, via St. Luke, to Marshfield.
From Fremont, via Wheatland, to Lamar.
From Pilot Knob to Houston.
From Herman, via Fiancis Peters's, Mount
Sterling, John B. Cooper's, in Osage county, Al-
exander S. Rogers's, in GaUoway's Prairie, to
Pay Down, in Maries county.
From Butler to Emporia, (Kansas.)
From Greenfield, via Iiorse creek and Lamar,
to Fort Scott, (Kansas.)
From Butler to Moneka, (Kansas.)
From Little Piney, via Wright and Ketchum's
Store, to Dent Court-House.
From Greenfield, via King's Point, and Davis-
burg, to Carthage.
From Osage City, viaToas, Castle Rock,West-
phalia, and Maries, to Vienna.
From Pilot Knob, via Charles Carter's, to Don-
iphan.
From Neosho, via Spartanville, (Missouri,)and
Giltrap's Ferry, to the Grand Sabine, (Cherokee
Nation.)
From Vienna to Tuscumbia.
From Steelville to Centreville.
From Bolivar, via Pleasant Hope and Fair
Grove, to Marshfield.
From Pond Creek, via Hall and Varona, to
Copp's Cieek.
From Marshfield to Hartwell.
From Houston to Howell Court-House.
From Howell Court House to Pilot Hill,(Ark-
ansas.)
From Cole Camp, via Chariton, to Butler.
From Hartwell to Ozark,
From Lamar to Nevada.
From Nevada to Papinsville.
From Independence, via Hickman's Mill and
Santa Fe, to Fort Scott, (Kansas.)
From Versailles, in Morgan county, via Mount
Pleasant, Spring Garden, and Fair Play, to Vi-
enna, in Maries county.
From Warrensburgh, via Basin Knob, Lone
• Jack, to Independence.
From Marshall, via Hazel Grove, Browns-
ville, and Dunksburg, to Knob Nestor.
From Appleton, in Girardeau county, via Po-
cahontas, Vancel's Store, to Cape Girardeau
City.
From Sturgeon to Mexico.
From Florida, in Monroe county, via Santa
Fe, to Mexico, in Andrain county.
From High Hill, in Montgomery county, on
the North Missouri railroad, via Price's Branch
and Tiviol, in said county, Truxton, Lost
Branch, and Louisville, in Lincoln county, to
Ashley, in Pike county.
From Palmyra, via Brookville, Philadelphia,
West Springfield, Novelty, and Wilson, to Kirks-
ville.
From Monroe City to Mexico.
From Bowling Green, via Harmony, to Spen-
cersburg.
From Warrenton, on the North Missouri rail-
road, viaTruxton and Nineveh, to Ashley.
From Frederickstown to Ironton.
From Warrensburg, via Harrisonville, to Min-
neola, (Kansas.)
From S*. Joseph, via Elwood, Wathena, and
Highland, in Doniphan county, Mount Roy, Pa-
donia, and Plymouth, in Brown county, Kansas
and Middleburg, in Richardson county, to Paw-
nee City, in Nebraska.
From La Grange to Q,uincy, Illinois.
From Memphis, via Uniontown, to Savannah,
Davis county, Iowa.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
From Ossipec, via Ossipee Centre, West Ossi-
pee, to Tamworth.
From Marlow, via East Lempster, to Lemp-
ster.
From Manchester, via Bedford, Amherst, Mil-
ford, East Wilton, and Mason, to New Ipswich
From Salisbury to West Salisbury.
NEW \ OR.K.
From Maiden bridge to Rider's Mills.
From Dansville, via South Dansville, and Ste-
phens's Mills, to Hornellsville.
From Union, \ia Vestal and Ferry creek, to
Little Meadows, (Pennsylvania.)
From Brooklyn, via Third Avenue and Bay
Ridge, to Fort Hamilton.
From Cameron, via Swale, Talbott's South
Hill, and Hedgesville, to Woodhull.
From Sinclear-ville, via Ellington, to Falconer.
From Horseheads, via Sullivanvillc, to West
Cayuta.
From Conesus Centre to Scottsburg.
From Grahamsville, Sullivan county, via
Clayville and Debruce, to Parksville, Sullivan
county.
NORTH CAROLINA.
From Newbern to Adam's creek.
From Atlantic and North Carolina railroad to
Adams's creek.
From Newbern to Bay river.
From Leechville, in Beaufort county, to Head
of Pungo.
From Beaufort to Portsmouth.
From Rrattleboro' to William F. Lewis's, or
Prospect Hill, in Edgecomb county.
From Mosely Hall, in Lenoir county, to Jeri-
cho, in Wayne county.
From Mosely Hall, via Ilookerton, to Green-
ville.
From Nahunta, in Wayne county, to Bull
Head, in Green county.
From Midway, via Sandy Ridge, to Fulton.
From Columbia to Gun Neck.
From Leachburg, Johnson county, to Ra-
leigh.
From Niyoheh, on the line of the Blue Ridge
railroad, through the valleys of Cheve and Te-
cote, or Hanging Dog, to Muiphey,
From Thorn's Cieek post office, via Douglas'
Ford and Green Harbor, to Dobsen.
From Madison, in Rockingham county, to
Martin's Lime Kiln, in Stokes county.
From Leakeville, via Martin Grogan's, Gro-
ganville, to Horse Pasture, in Henry county.
From Jefferson to John Eklndge, esqr, in Ashe
county.
From Thomasville, via Eden, Nance's Mills,
Salem Church, Tasseter's Mills, New Hope In-
stitute, Barney's Mills, to Troy.
From Jackson to Newbern.
From Franklinsville, via Richland creek, to
Stone Lick.
From Walkersville, via Stewart's Store, D. D.
A. Belk's, and Jackson Stognins, to Pleasant
Hill, (South Carolina.)
From Kinston, Lenoir county, to Richlands,
Onslow county.
From Waynesville, Haywood county, via Cat-
tahooche creek, to Dandridge,[Jefferson county,
Tennessee.
NEW MEXICO [TERRITORY.]
From Santa Fe, via Canada, Abequier, and
Reto, in the county of Rio Ariba, to San Anto-
nio, (Los Corejos,) in the county of Taos.
From Fort Union, via Guadalupita, Santa Ger-
trude, San Antonio, Agua Negra, Rincones,
Cantonment Burgwm, and Rancho, to Fernan-
dez do Taos.
From Taos, via Arroyo Hondo, Rio Colora-
do, and Calebra, to Fort Massachusetts.
From Albuquerque, viaCiboleta and Cuvero,to
Fort Defiance.
From Albuquerque, via Peralta, Manzano, to
Fort Stanton.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
From Brownsville, via Nemaha City, Archer,
Falls City, Monterey, Salem, Pleasantville, and
Pawnee City, to Table Rock.
From Nemaha City, via Salem, Plymouth,
and Powhatan, toTopeka, in (Kansas.)
From Omaha City to Iowa City, (Iowa.)
From Omaha City, via Cedar Island, Eight
Mile Grove, Mount Pleasant, and Watervilie, to
Nebraska City.
From Plattesmouth to Pacific City, (Iowa.)
From Fontenelle, via Lewisburgh, to De Witt,
in Cuming county.
From Nebraska City, via Helena, Kingston,
Beatrice, and Blue Springs, to Marysville, in
(Kansas )
From Blue Springs to Atchison, (Kansas.)
From Nebraska City, via Hamburg, Clarinda,
and Bedford, to Chariton, (Iowa.)
From Nebraska City, via Q,umcy, Red Oak,
Junction, to Wmtersett, (Iowa.)
From Covington to Sioux City, Iowa.
From Monroe, Monroe county, via Cleveland,
Columbus, Buchanan, Emerson, North Bend,
Fontenelle, Cuming City, Medail, Mouth of Sol-
dier river, to Magnolia, Iowa.
From Bellovue, via Fairview, to Plattford.
From Bellevue, via Junction City, to Council
Bluffs, (Iowa.)
From Bellevue, via St. Mary's, to Pacific City,
(Iowa.)
From Bellevue, via Hazelton, Elk Horn, Fre-
mont, Springville, Franklin, Emerson, Buchanan,
Columbus, Monroe, Grand Island City, to New
Fort Keartmy.
From Bellevue to Larimee City.
From Omaha City, via Missouri river, to St.
Joseph, Missouri.
From Dakotah City, via Galena, to PaeificCity,
on the Niobrarah river.
From Brownsville, via Nemaha City, Peru,
Winnebago, St. Stephen's, Yancton, and Rulo,
to St, Joseph, Missouri.
From Fontenelle, via Do Soto, Calhoun, and
Cincinnati, to Magnolia, Iowa.
From Omaha City, via Bellevue, Plattsmouth,
Rock Bluffs, Kenosha, W yoming, Nebraska City,
Otoe City, to Brownsville.
From Archer to Geneva and Shasta.
From Plattsmouth, via Rock Bluffs and Ke-
nosha, to Sidney, Iowa.
From Nebraska City to Linden, Missouri.
From Florence, via Golden Gate, to Fontenelle.
From Florence, via Elk Horn City, Fremont,
North Bend, Emerson, Buchanan,Columbus,and
Nebraska Centre, to New Fort Kearney.
From Florence, via Crescent City, Pymosa,
Lura, Hamlin's Giove, Bear Grove, Morrisburg,
Wiscota, Adell, and Boon, to Fort Des Moines,
Iowa.
From De Soto to Pymosa, Iowa.
From Plattsmouth, via Cedar Creek, South
Bend, and Parallel City, to Long Island.
From Niobrarah to Sioux City, Iowa.
From Decatur, via Ashton, Belvidere, to Den-
nison, Crawford county, Iowa.
From St. Stephens to Archer.
