532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B.' Hall, Harlan, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hickman. Hopkins, Horton, Howard, Huyler, Jen-
kins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, KeHogg, Kelly, Kel ey,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy. Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher,
Lovejoy, Maclay, Million, Montgomery, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morns, Freeman H. Morse. Mott, Niblaek,
Nichols, Peyton. Phelps, Phillips. Pike, Pottle, Purvianee,
Reilly, Ritchie, Ru^seil. Sandidge. Scott, Shorter, Sickles,
Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stewau. Tappan, Wade,
Ward,EUihu B. Washburne^VVhite, Whtteley, Wmslow,
Woodson, and Wortendyke—103.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call,
Mr. SHORTER stated the g-entleman from
Louisiana, Mr. Taylor, was confined to his room
by sickness.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest that the amendments
be read over; and that any member, who desires,
may indicate any particular amendment that he
wishes a separate vote upon, and that we vote
upon the remaining ones en masse.
Mr. SEWARD. I object. I want a vote upon
each amendment separately.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I voted against laying the bill
upon the table, supposing that the vote was upon
the proposition itself. 1 should have voted for
laying it upon the table, had I understood the
question.
The question recurred upon the first amend-
ment, as follows;
And he it further enacted, That the Joint Committee on
Printing is hereby directed to inquire if it is right and expe-
dient to discontinue the further publication of any of the le-
ports ordered to be printed by either the Senate or House
of Representatives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth
* Congresses,which have not yet been printed, in whole or in
part.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the amendment
be laid upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. Does not that carry the bill
with it?
Mr. SEWARD. It does; and I make the mo-
tion for that purpose.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment, sir, lias no relation to the ori-
ginal subject-matter of the bill. The bill is one to
appropriate money to pay for printing, binding,
and engraving done, for paper furnished, and so
forth. That amendment proposes to place in the
hands of the Joint Committee on Printing the
power to revise all these works, to direct a discon-
tinuance of them if they think proper, and to
report to the House. That is new and distinct
legislation.
The SPEAKER. The question of order might
have been very appropriate in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, but it cannot
be entertained in the House. The Chair therefore
overrules the question of order.
Mr. MAYNARD, I would ask what would
be the effect of laying the amendment on the table?
Would it carry the whole bill with it?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the House is committed by the de-
cision of the committee?
The SPEAKER.' That is the decision of the
Chair. The Chair would feel very unwilling, by
a mere opinion of his, to overrule the decision of
the Committee of the Whole, and to decide that
to be out of order which the committee dccided
was in order, and proper to be reported to the
House. The proper time for the gentleman from
Georgia to have raised the question of order would
liHve been when the amendment was offered in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was then read, and
agceed to, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to
order the priming of extia copies of any reports or other
writings submitted to Congiess, until the Joint Committee
on Printing bhali first estimate and report the extent and
probable cost of the reports m wntmgs to bo printed.
The third amendment was then read, as follows:
And no extra copies, of any document shall be printed, ex-
cept when ordered by joint resolution. j
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay that amend- j
ment upon the table. j
Mr. 15LAI1J,. What would be the effect of that i
nation} Would not carry the whole bill to the 1
table > 3
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of it.
Mr. READY. Well, is the motion in order
after the House has refused to lay the bill upon
the table >
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is, be-
cause the bill is not,aiow in the condition, legisla-
tively, that it was in when the motion was made
to lay it upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that, if the gentleman from Georgia wants
his motion acted upon by the House, he should
put it in a form in which it would be in order.
The motion to lay the amendment on the table is
pot in order, because it would carry the bill with
it.
Mr. SEWARD. I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from Ohio should mate such a statement
as that, in the face of his experience in Congress
for the last four or five years.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays upon
agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays wero ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Anderson, Andtews, Atkins,
Avery, Baiksdale, Blair, Bocock, Biyan, Burnett, Burns,
Case, Caskie, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Coclnanc, Cockeiiil, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Ciawfoid, Currv, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Mississippi, Dodd, DowdelI,Edmundson, English,
Faulkner, Fenton, Foley, Gai nott, Gartroll, Gilmer, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg. Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hoaid, Hopkins, Horton,
Houston, How.nd, Hughes, Huylei, Jackson, Jenkins,
Georgp W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kent, Kilgore, Jacob
M. Kunkel,Letcher,McKibbm, McQueen, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Million, Moore, Moigan,
Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Oliri,
Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan,
Rtcaud, Sandulge, Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Sin-
gleton, Robert Smith, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stephens, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood, Walbridge, Waldron, Vvaid, Ellihu B. Wash-
bnrne, Watkuis, Wluteley, Wilson, Wmslovv, Woodson,
Wortendvke. Augustus R. Wnght, John V. Wright, and
Zolhcofter—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Ahl. Arnold, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biavton, Rufiinton, Builmgaine. Bnrioughs, Camp
bell, ChalFee, John B. Clark, Clawson, Collax, Comuts,
Covode, Crasrm, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Indiana,
D.tus of Iowa, Dean, Dewart, Diufee, Elliott, Utisti-,
Farnsworth. Florence, Poster, Giddmg<, Gilman, Gooch,
Granger, Grow, RoboitB. Hall, llaskin, Hickman, Jewett,
Owrn Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Landy, Lawrence, Leach,
Leidy, Leitor, Lovejoy. Maclay, Humphrey Mar-shall, Mont-
gomery, Edward Joy Morris Freeman H. Morse, Parker,
I'helps, Phillip«:, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Reilly, Ritchie,
Robbins, Royce, Russell, Scott, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith,
William Stevviut, Tappan, Thayer, Wade, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Wa>hhuui, Isiael Washburn, and White—75.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed :o
Mr. HARRIS,of Illinois. Isitin order iomove
to lay this bill aside, and take up the message of
the President of the United States which was re-
ceived to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. May it not be done
by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It cm be done by unanimous
consent; but by nothing short of unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object at this time.
The fourth amendment was then read, and
agreed to, as follows:
Jind he it further pnicfprf, That hereafter, when any re-
port or other communication is submitted to either Ilou-e
of Congress, by any Depaitment, bureau, or office of the
Government, or by any other person or per&ons, and such
report or other communication is oidered to be printed, no
additions of any kind shall be made thereto, without thedi-
leetson of the House ot Congress giving the order to print;
and no alterations or corrections bhall be made -"therein
which will change the chaiacter of the work as originally
communicated andordered to be printed, or winch may add
to the cost of panting.
Mr. SINGLETON. I have a resolution which
I desire to oiler in connection with this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object, the previous
question having been sustained.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union having all
been disposed of, the question recurred, on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the yeast
and nays.
The yea_s and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, ami
read a third time.
Mr. HUGHES. Has the bill been engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I object to the third
reading at this time.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from.
Indiana will not interpose that objection. It is
merely a formal one. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it, and let us dispose of this malt'-r now.
Mr. HUGHES. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. ENGLISH. I renew it.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed;
and upon that question I ask for the yeas and.
nays. By the time the vote has been taken the
bill will be engrossed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know who objected
to th#  third reading of the bill. I expect to vote
against the bill myself, but I hope that this kind-
of opposition will be withdrawn, and that we shall
take the yeas and nays upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew the objection to the
third reading of the bill. I intend to fight this bill
at every step. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeas and naya
on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER announced that thirty-five
members voted for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. I will inquire whether the bill
is now engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope that the motion
to adjourn will be withdrawn; and 1 withdraw
my motion to reconsider.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know how
the bill came to be engrossed with such dispatch ?
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 renew the call for the yea3
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had not an-
nounced that the yeas and nays were ordered.
The gentleman from Virginia would not have the
right to withdraw the call, provided the result had
been announced.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Craige, of
North Carolina, and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ay one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SI5WARD. I raise the point of order,
whether the clerks of this House can engross a
bill before it is ordered by the House to be en-
grossed ?
Mr. LETCHER. I believe the Brunswick
navy-yard bill was engrossed before it was or-
dered to be. [Laughter ]
Mr. SEWARD. That is a great mistake, sir.
I make this point of order: that no clerk of this
House is authorized to engross a bill -HI it is or-
dered to be engrossed. It was an unofTn-ini act,
done prior to tiie order of the House; and I might
as well bring in a copy and tender it at the Clerk's
desk and insist that it is an engrossed bill, as
have it brought in in this way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia. The bill appears to be engrossed. The
Chair does not know when it was done,nor is it
requisite that the Chair should know.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the rule,
requiring bills to be engrossed and read a third
time, will be observed. We have no Committee
on Engrossment in this House, to report and cer-
tify that a bill is correctly engrossed. VyThen a
bill is ordered to be engrossed, the rule requires
that the question should be put, " When .shall the
bill have its third reading?7' Then the House can
fix the time, whether now, to-morrow, or at any
other time, provided that the bill be engrossed in
a fair hand. Then it should be read to the House,
so that each member may vote undorstandingly
on its passage. But, sir, we have fallen into tha
habit 
