mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
work done since, and, at that time, $100,000 was
all the officer anticipated. It will be borne in mind
that we do not know what this building is to cost.
Can it be possible that it will take §750,000 to
complete the contracts now made?
Mr. HUNTER. That balance was for the
fiscal year, and this estimate is for the next fiscal
year. In winter they can work in that climate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is dated the 30th of
September.
Mr. HUNTER. That was for this fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For this fiscal year, but
I suppose it to extend into the next fiscal year, if
not expended.
Mr. HUNTER. I imagine it is absolutely
necessary to meet contracts for the next fiscal
year;ana it could not be, unless there was a bal-
ance unexpended in this fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This was the balance
available for the completion of the work on the
30th of September, 1857; and I suppose that if it
were not of use this fiscal year, it would be appli-
cable to the next fiscal year; but certainly a Very
large amount of money is asked for this particu-
lar work, the cost of which is indefinite. Why
should it not wait? The Senator from Rhode
Island tells us that when we undertake to build a
magnificent building, we should finish it. We
have not undertaken to build it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes you have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no information
to-day of what it is to cost. Will not the con-
tracts show what it is to cost? The very state-
ment of the case shows that no contracts have
been made for its completion. If there were, you
could state what it would cost. The superintend-
ent is afraid to give the estimate. Why ? It is
so monstrous, so enormous, that it would startle
Congress; and he is afraid to name the sum, for
fear that pains would be taken to prevent the ap-
propriation; but if we go along year after year,
$300,000 at a time, he may make it cost three
millions or thirty millions. Now I think §100,000,
under the circumstances, is as much as ought to
be appropriated, until we ascertain what the build-
ing is to cost, and know definitely what sum of
money is finally to be appropriated to the com-
pletion of this extravagant work. I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have but a word to say.
I understood the letter read by the Senator from
Virginia to exactly explain the reasons why this
large amount should be spent this year; because
there have been hard times, they can get labor
cheap, and they have made more, and had a right
to make more, under their contracts, and have
exhausted the money. No very extravagant ap-
propriation is asked for the next year—not near
as much as they have spent this year. The Sena-
tor from Illinois seems to think some very great
difficulty exists with this superintendent, because
he did not submit a plan for the building. Con-
gress, I suppose, when it sets out to build a cus-
tom-house, should not complain if it is undertaken
to biafcuilt upon a very magnificent plan. I agree
we should not spend $2,000,000 on a custom-
house; but I would not spoil the building by sav-
ing something on the last million. That is my
idea.
Mr. HUNTER. That is what the superintend-
ent says. He had nothiifg in the world to do with
the plan. The contracts for the materials were
made as long back as eight years ago, and more
than that.
Mr. DAVIS. There seems to me to bo a mis-
understanding about this matter. The plans winch
were prepared for these two custom-houses were
submitted to Congress, and adopted by Congress.
Then contracts were made, and specifications
were drawn out to furnish the material called for
liy the specifications. Neither the contractor nor
the superintendent could convert them into dol-
lars at the time. It has gone on m this manner,
and a number of contracts have been made. I
merely say that, about seven years ago, a then
Senator from Louisiana and myself made great
efforts in this Chamber to get the plan of the New
Orleans custom-house modified—to get some au-
thority to modify it; but the Senate clung tena-
ciously to the plan which had been adopted by
Congress. It had radical defects. They pro-
gressed with it until they have brought a mass of
stone, upon the supposition that a building in
Wew Orleans must be exactly like one in Boston,
and put that mass of stone upon the earth until
the earth commenced sinking beneath it,and then,
for the first time, they waked up to the fact, and
granted so much power as to enable the Depart-
ment to substitute iron, and reduce the weight.
Now, I think, with the Senator from Illinois, that
this is a very large Sum to pay for a custom-house,
at a port, too, where the revenue is not very large;
and if the proposition were to change the plan of
the building, or authorize somebody to prepare
a modification of the plan so as to reduce the cost,
I should be ready to vote for it. I think both the
plans were wrong in the beginning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will allow
me to ask him-a question: whether that be prac-
ticable now ? Is it too late now to some extent to
modify it?
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose, to some-extent, it is
still practicable. I do not know how far they
have progressed; I have not seen either of these
buildings for some time. I am sorry that neither
of the Senators living at the place is here to give
information. When the attempt was made to
change the plan, it might have been modified even
to the foundation, which was built upon the mere
superstratum of the earth. The only plan on
which they could have made a foundation to bear
the weight of such a building was one which
they did not adopt—-by inverted arches to sustain
it; but they proceeded on the hypothesis of dig-
ging a trench, and laying down a foundation,
just as they did when the supersoil rested on
stone beneath. The whole thing was a blunder;
the plan was a blunder. Congress blundered, as
it always does when it undertakes to direct the
execution of a-work,and forced the plan upon
those who succeeded. It has been prosecuted
from time to time; and it has cost a great deal
more money at either place than both works ought
to have cost on a proper and judicious plan.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ifit is not too late to mod-
ify this plan, it seems to me it would certainly be
better not to appropriate the full amount now
asked for. Congress meets again in December.
Now, I do not wish to be tenacious about the
amendment I propose. If the work has gone
so far that wc are compelled to appropriate this
money, like the Senator from Virginia, I shall un-
willingly have to consent to it; but, if it is prac-
ticable yet, I would modify the plan. I think
there should be an opportunity afforded to do it.
Let us appropriate $100,000 now, and when Con-
gress meets in next December, we can have an
inquiry made and ascertain whether it is possible
to make any change.
Mr. DAVlS. I will say to the Senator, since
he asked me the question, that a Representative
from one of the States, who is particularly inter-
ested in one of the custom-houses in question,
that at Charleston, informs me that it is now im-
practicable to change the plan; that it has to be
completed as it has been undertaken.
Mr. HUNTER. I so infer from what the
superintendent told me. He said the real prog-
ress was much greater than the mere height of
the wall indicated. The stone has been almost
all cut and the material prepared upon a plan,
and that hereafter it will go up much more rap-
idly in proportion to the money expended than
heretofore. So I presume there is no chance of
changing the plan. But I do not think we shall
effect anything in the way of economy by dimin-
ishing the appropriation. If I did, I would vote
with the Senator from Illinois, cheerfully.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not laise a sepa-
rate question upon the other amendment. This
tests the question. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to it as far as I am able to do.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an amendment
which the Senator from California, who is now
present, [Mr. Gwin,] asked me to except. He
will be here presently, and as there are other
| amendments to be proposed, it had better lie over
1 until he returns.
Mr. IIAMLIN. 1 suppose the Senator means
to renew a proposition which was voted down.
Mr. H®NTER. No, sir; not to renew it. It
was aiv amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance, and the Senate, in Committee of the
! Whole, voted it down. Of course, the question
comes up, will the Seriate concur in the action of
the Committee of tl  Whole ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that it is necessary to renew the amend-
ment in order to have a vote upon it. An amend-
ment offered by a committee is the same as one
offergd by an individual; and if it be voted dow
it is not in the bill. That must be the result.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is an amendment made
to the report, and, of course, it must be adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. We reported it from the Fi-
nance Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks there is no distinction between an amend-
ment offered by a committee and one offered by
an individual Senator. Having been voted down,
it is not in the bill at all, and has to be renewed
again, or it cannot be voted upon.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose, then, that to ac-
commodate the Senator from California, I ought
to renew the amendment, and let it lie until he
returns, when the sense of the Senate can be taken
upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is that the only amendment
now pending ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All the amend-
ments offered as in Committee of the Whole have
been disposed of; and the question now is upon
the amendment which has just been offered by the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I renew the amendment which
I offered in Committee of the Whole, by instruc-
tion of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and that is, to set off the tail end of George-
town from the corporate limits of the city.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Virginia will
be informally passed over, and the question is on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Sec.—. And he it further enacted, That hereafter the
northern bounriaiy of the corporation of Georgetown shall
be tciminated by the ptolongation of a line along the road
and Eighth street, to the we&tern limits of the present cor-
poiation: And provided, That the property bet apart from
the incorporated limits as above shall be appraised by three
commissioners appointed by the circuit com t of the Dis-
trict, and the owners thereof shall pay into the treasury of
the cotporation ofGeoigetown, in equal annual installments
of one, two, three, four, five, and six years;, such sums as
said cotnmissioneis shall apportion as an equitable ratio of
the seveial estates set apait to the whole value of the ap-
praised real estate of Geoigetown, as shown by its last ap-
praisement : And provided, That an appeal from the said
commissioners may be taken by the owner or owners of
any piecc or pieces of property, to the circuit court, and
that the decision of said couif shall he final and conclu-
sive : And also provided, That the report of the said com-
missioners shall be entered up in said court as judgment
against the property, to be collected by suit, as other taxes
on real estate are collected.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will not be put
on this bill. Let the Senate pass it as a separate
measure if they desire to do so.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask ihe Senator from Maine
if any vote has been taken, showing the consent
of those who are proposed to be set off from the
corporate limits of Georgetown ?
Mr. HAMLIN. There has not.
Mr. ALLEN. Would you want to set them
off without asking their consent?
Mr. HALE. If I can get the attention of a few
Senators—I do not expect to get more than afew
—I should like to make a short statement in re-
gard to this matter. At the request of one or two
citizens of Georgetown, yesterday, or the day
before, I went over to look at this ground, and
I understand fiom them that more than three
fourths of the people living upon the territory do
not wish to be set off. Several of them are here,
and protest against it. Something was said the
other day, by the Senator from Maine, about the
irregular form of the city of George town, and this
being a little strip running out into the county.
The irregularity in the form of the city of George-
town arises from a former act of injustice per-
petrated by Congress upon that corporation, by
which all the property of the college and nunnery,
by an arbitrary act of Congress, was taken off
the limits of the city, and set off into the county,
the effect of which was to give to them all the bene-
fit of the police and the fire department of the city,
and relieve them from the burdens of taxation.
A few gentlemen have moved into this part of
the district and erected buildings. It is as much
in the city of Georgetown as this Capitol is in
le
!\
