1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
Chair understood the gentleman from Tennessee
as rising to a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If J am right, the
first question is: " When shall this bill have its
first reading?" And it is wrong:, in my opinion,
for us here to pass bills of this character till they
have been engrossed.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the bill
be read now as engrossed.
Mr. GROW. Rule 116 will settle the gentle-
man'# point of order.
The rule was read, as follows:
- "Upon the second reading of a bill the Spoakershall state
it as iea.lv for commitment or engrossment; and, if com-
mitted, then a question shall be, whether to a select or
stand i n <4 committee, or to a Committee of the Whole House;
if to a Committee of the Whole House, the House shall de-
termine on what day—if no motion be made to commit,
the question shall be stated on its engrossment; and if it be
notordoied to be engrossed on thedaj'ofits being reported,
it shall Ik4 plaeed on the general file on the Speaker's table,
to be taken up in order. But, if the bill be ordered to be
e«gro>scd, the House shall appoint the day when it shall be'
read the third time."
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in stating the
question, stated it thus: Shall the bill be engrossed
and read a third time? And the gentleman from
Tennessee is aware that no other form of voting
on the question has existed in this House, cer-
tainly for the last ten years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I know that; but
we have been in the habit of reading the bill by
its til#, without being engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to demand that the engrossed bill shall be read.
Mr. PHELPS I hope it will be read.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the bill he re-
ferred to a select committee, to ascertain whether
it is properly engrossed or not.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order;
the previous question not being exhausted.
The bill, as engrossed, was read.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the previousquestion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to strike out the cap-
tion of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill is not
yet before the House for consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Before the pre-
vious question is ordered on the passage of the
bill, I would like to ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ask his
question, unless objection is made.
Mr. BCJRNETT. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the previous question to
enable me to ask the question. I understand that
this bill makes an appropriation for printing a
book which has never been ordered to be printed
by either House of Congress. I desire to know
whether there is any appropriation in this bill for
publishing the Dred Scott decision ?
Mr. PHELPS No, sir; it does not. I can
answer that question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNtBTT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 135; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Admin. Ahl, Arnold, Bishop, Bocock,
flmvip, Rurrougli^, Campbell, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra
Olaik, John 13 Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Co.\, Jame-j
Craig, Davidson, Davis ot Maryland, Davis of Indiana,
Davib of Mississippi, Dean, Dovvdell, EustK, Farnsworth,
Florence, Gilhs, Goode, Greenwood, Groe^beck, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Howard, Huyler, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogu, Kelly, Kelsey, Landy, Leidy,
Letcher, Maelay, McKibbin, Millson, Montgomery, Molt,
Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips,Pot-
tle. Purviance, Keilly, Ritchie, Sandidge, Scott, Seaung,
Aaron Shaw, Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stewart, William
Stewait, Ward, White, and Wortendyke—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Atkins,
Avery, Barksdale, lhllinghurst, Bingham, Blaii, Bliss,
Brayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett, Burns,
Case, Caskie, dawson. Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb. Cock-
erill, Colfax, Comins, Covodc.Cragin, Burton Craige, Craw-
ford, Currv. Curtis. Damrell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dewart. Dodd, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott. Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Fenton. Foley. Foster, Garneu, Gartrell,
Giddmgs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Goodwin,' Granger,
Gregg, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris,
Ha?km, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, Horton. Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jcwett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kil-
gore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkek Lawrence. Leach, Leiter,
Lovejov, McQueen. Humphrey Marshall. Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Parker, Pettit. Pike,
Potter, Powell, Quitman. Heady, Reagan, Ricaud, Robbms,
Royce, Ruffin, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton, Robert
Smith,Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stephens. Stevenson,
Talbot, Tctppan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippey
Underwood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa.->hburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watktns, Whifeley, Wilson, Winslow, Wood, Wood-
son, Augustus R. Wnght, John V. Wright, and Zollicof-
fer—13.).
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken for the purpose of recommitting the
bill, with instructions to report a bill making an
appropriation of a sum sufficient to pay for the
work actually done.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIE LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to take
up the message of the President of the United
States, sent to us this morning.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message of the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United Stales:
I have received from J. Calhoun, Esq., Presi-
dent of the late constitutional convention of Kan-
sas, a copy, duly certified by himself, of the con-
stitution framed by that body, with the expres-
sion of a hope that I would submit the same to
the consideration of Congress, " with the view of
the admission of Kansas into the Union as an in-
dependent State." In compliance with this re-
quest, I herewith transmit to Congress for their
action, the constitution of Kansas, with the ordi-
nance respecting the public lands, as well as the
letter of Mr. Calhoun, dated at Lecompton, on
the 14th ultimo, by which they were accompa-
nied. Having received but a single copy of the
constitution and ordinance, I send this to the
Senate.
A great delusion seems to pervade the public
mind in relation to the condition of parties in
Kansas. This arises from the difficulty of indu-
cing the American people to realize the fact that
any portion of them should be in a state of rebel-
lion against the Government under which they
live. When we speak of the affairs of Kansas,
we are apt to refer merely to the existence of two
violent political parties in that Territory, divided
on the question of slavery, just as we speak of
such parties m the States. This presents no ade-
quate idea of the true state of the case. The di-
viding line there is not between two political par-
ties, both acknowledging the lawful existence of
the Government, but between those who are loyal
to this Government and those who have endeav-
ored to destroy its existence by force and by
usurpation—between those who sustain and those
who have done all in their power to overthrow
the territorial government established by Con-
gress. This government they would long since
■ have subverted, had it not been protected from
i their assaults by the troops of the United States,
i Such has been the condition of affairs since my
; inauguration. Ever since that period, a large por-
tion of the people of Kansas have been in a state
| of rebellion against the government, with a mili-
tary leader at their head of a most turbulent and
dangerous character. They have never acknowl-
edged, but have constantly renounced and defied
the government to which they owe allegiance,
and have been all the time m a state of resistance
against its authority. They have all the time been
endeavoring to subvert it, and to establish a revo-
lutionary government under the so-called Topeka
constitution in its stead. Even at this very mo-
ment the Topeka Legislature are in session.
Whoever has read the correspondence of Gov-
ernor Walker with the State Department, recent-
ly communicated to the Senate, will be convinced
that this picture is "not overdrawn. " Headways
protested against the withdrawal of any portion
of the military force of the United States from tfce
Territory, deeming its presence absolutely neces-
sary for the preservation of the regular govern-
ment and the execution of the laws. In his very-
first dispatch to the Secretary of State, dated June
2, 1857, he says: Si The most alarming move-
ment, however, proceeds from the asseng>Hng on
the 9th June of the so-called Topeka Legislature
with a view to the enactment of an entire code of"
laws. Of course, it will be my endeavor to "pre-
vent such a result, as it'would lead to inevitable
and disastrous collision, and, in fact, renew the
civil war in Kansas." This was with difficulty
prevented by the efforts of Governor Walker; but
soon thereafter, on the 14th July, we find him ce-
questing General Harney to furnish him a regi-
ment of dragoons to proceed to the city of Law-
rence; and this for the reason that he had received
authentic intelligence, verified by his own actual
observation, that a dangerous rebellion had oc-
curred, "involving an open defiance of the laws,
and the establishment of an insurgent govern-
ment in that city."
In the Governor's dispatch of July 15, he in-
forms the Secretary of State " that this movement
at Lawrence was the beginning of a plan,origin-
atingin thatcity, to organizeinsurrection through-
out the Territory, and especially m all towns,
cities, or counties where the Republican party
have a majority. Lawrence is the hot-bed of all
the abolition movements in this Territory. It is
the town established by the abolition societies of
the East; and, whilst there are respectable people
there, it is filled by a considerable number of mer-
cenaries, who are paid by abolition societies to
perpetuate and diffuse agitation throughout Kan-
sas, and prevent a peaceful settlementaef this ques-
tion. Having failed in inducing their own so-
called Topeka State Legislature to organize this
insurrection, Lawrence has commenced it herself;
and if not arrested, the rebellion will extend
throughout the Territory." And again: "Inor-
der to send this communication immediately by
mail, I must close by assuring you that the spirit
of rebellion pervades the great mass of the Re-
publican party of this Territory, instigated, as I
entertain no doubt they are, by eastern societies,
having in view results most disastrous to the Gov-
ernment and to the Union; and that the continued
presence of General Harney here is indispensable,
as originally stipulated by me, with- a large" body
of dragoons and several batteries."
On the 20th July, 1857, General Lane, under
the authority of the Topeka convention, under-
took, as Governor Walker informs us, " to or-
ganize the whole so-called free-State party into
volunteers, and to take the names of all who re-
fuse enrollment. The professed object is to pro-
tect the polls, at the election in August, of the new
insurgent Topeka State Legislature." " The ob-
ject of taking the names of all who refuse enroll-
ment is to terrify the free-State conservatives into
submission. This is proved by recent atrocities
committed on such men by Topekaites. The
speedy location of large bodies of regular troops
here, with two batteries, is necessary. The Law-
rence insurgents await the developmentof this new
revolutionary military organization," &c., &c.
In the Governor's dispatch of July 27, he says,
that" General Lane and his staff everywhere deny
the authority of the territorial laws, and counsel
a total disregard of these enactments." Without
making further quotations of a similar" character
from other dispatches of Governor Walker, it ap-
pears, by a reference to Mr. Stanton's communi-
cation to General Cass,'of the 9th December last,
that the " important step of calling the Legislature
together was taken after I [he] had become satis-
fied that the election ordered by the convention on
the 21st instant, could not be conducted without
collision and bloodshed." So intense was the dis-
loyal feeling among the enemies of the govern-
ment established by Congress, that an election,
which afforded them an opportunity, if in the ma-
jority, of making Kansas a free State, according
to their own professed desire, could not be con-
ducted without collision and bloodshed! The
truth is, that up till the present moment, the ene-
mies of the existing government still adhere to
'their Topeka revolutionary constitution and gov-
ernment.
The very first paragraph of the message of Gov-
