1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill, with
the proposed amendments, will be printed under
the rules, as a matter of course.
FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for a moment to take up the bill (S. No. 197)
providing for the arrest and return of fugitives
from justice to the District of Columbia. There
is a necessity for its present consideration. It is
perhaps known to most Senators that within two
or three days past an outrage was committed in
this vicinity. Some five persons engaged in that
outrage have been arrested and brought to the
District. Some three others are in Baltimore, and
there is no way of bringing them here to be tried
with the others. I am told that there is no pro-
vision now for returning fugitives from justice to
this District. I wish the bill to be acted on at once,
so that it may go to the House of Representa-
tives.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
Under the provisions of the bill, if any person
charged with treason, felony, or other crime, in
the District of Columbia, has fled or escaped, or
Khali flee or escape from the District, the judge of
the criminal court may appoint an agent or agents
to demand of the cxccutivc authority of any State
or Territory such fugitive, who shall be delivered
up, in the manner prescribed by the laws of the
United States for the delivery of fugitives from
justice, to be removed to*the District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the tWird time, and passed.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. HALE. I ask the consent of the Senate
to offer the following resolution; to which I hope
there will be no objection:
Resolved) That the select committee on the Military
Aiyhnn he authorized to employ a clerk for the remainder
of the session, if necessary.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like the Senator to state
if it is absolutely necessary to have a clerk for
this special committee ?
Mr. HALE. It is. That is the unanimous
opinion of the committee. We have had one
meeting.
Mr. BIGGS. It occurs to me that it is incur-
ring an unusual expense. I prefer that it should
lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The Chair understood there was no objection to
the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. HA.LE. Tf the Senator will hear me a
single moment, I will state that the committee
h.u'e had one meeting, laid out their programme,
and are unanimously of opinion that a clerk is
jequired; and, if we have one, we hope to get
through this session.
Mr. BIGGS. I will not object to the consider-
ation of the resolution; but I shall vote against it.
The resolution was adopted; thuie being, on a
division—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Carter, their Chief
dork, announcing that the Speaker had signed
enrolled bill (PI. R. No. 210) for the relief of the
legal representatives or assignees of James Law-
rence; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSONT. I move that the Senate take
up the Calendar where we left off yesterday after-
noon, and proceed with cases that shall not be
' objected to, or lead to debate, so that the docket
can be gone through with in that way. Doubt-
less there are many bills that can be passed with-
out debate and without objection, and it is im-
portant that they should go to the House of
Representatives as soon as possible. After we
go through the Calendar in that way, we can go
buck and consider the other bills.
Mr. STUART. It requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust there will be no ob-
jection.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent.
JENNETT H. M'CALL.
The first private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 130) for the relief of Jennett H.Mc-
Call, only child of Captain James McCall, of the
revolutionary war.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the consideration of
that bill at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The bill will
be passed over.
SAMUEL V. NILES.
The bill (S. No. 131) for the relief of Samuel
V. Niles was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Samuel "V. Niles
of $360 for services as a temporary clerk in the
General Land Office in the years 1849 and 1850.
Mr. CLAY. I will merely ask the Senator
who reported the bill whether it has been before
the Court of Claims? Do I understand that it
comes from that Court?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir, I think not. This
man was employed, and there was some misun-
derstandmgabout the amount of his per diem; but
the person who employed him, the former Com-
missioner, stated this was according to the con-
tract, and was necessary to make up the proper
price.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EDWARD D. REYNOLDS.
The bill (S. No. 132) for the relief of Edward
D. Reynolds, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the allowance to Edward D.
Reynolds of two and a half per cent upon the
amount of military contributions received by him
while acting as purser to the United States ships
Warren and Southampton, on the coast of Mex-
ico, during the Mexican war; but the allowance
is not to exceed $614 63, which is to be in full
compensation for ali extra services, expenses, and
losses, during the period he acted as purser of
those ships, according to the spirit of the act o'f
March 3, 1849, "to provide for the settlement of
accounts of public officers and others, who may
have received moneys arising from military con-
tributions or otherwise in Mexico."
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third ;
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. BAYARD. Yesterday, when the Private
Calendar was up, there were several bills antece-
dent to this upon the Calendar which were passed
over under the assurance that they should come
up to-day. There is one that I have an interest
in seeing passed, believing ft to be a meritorious
case. I do not see why we should not go back to
the commencement of the Calendar. Several bills
were passed over yesterday under thatassurance,
and 1 do not think they should be postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By the assent
of the Senate, an order was made directing the
Calendar to be taken up where it was left off yes-
terday.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill (S. No. 30) for the
relief of Elizabeth Montgomery has been up twice
before; it was read through, considered asm Com-
mittee of the Whole, the report was read, and the
bill was postponed at the time* only in consequence
of the morning hour having elapsed.
Mr. CLAY." I will state to the Senator that it
is understood we shall go on with the Calendar,
passing only such bills as are not objected to, and
then return and begin again. We shall soon get
back again.
J. E. MARTIN.
The bill (S. No. 134) for the relief of the legal
representatives of J. E. Martin was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole
It will be a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal representatives of J.
E. Martin, late acting consul of the United States
at Lisbon, for diplomatic services rendered by
lam as charge d'affaires at that placc, from the j
rccall of Mr. Clay, on the 39th of July, 1850, to
the arrival of Mr. Haddock, his successor, on the
loth of June, 1851, a period of ten months and
twenty-seven days, $2,042 12, being one half of
the salary of a charge d'affaires, and in full for all
such service for the period named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. Y. HANSELL AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 135) for the relief of W. Y. Hansell, W. H.
Underwood, and the representatives of Samuel
Rockwell, which proposes to pay them $30,000
for professional services as attorneys and coun-
selors to the Cherokee nation of Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill go over for
the present.
GEORGE W, LIPPITT.
The bill (S. No. 140) for the relief of George.
W. Lippitt, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as Jin Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow to G. W. Lippitt, United
States consul at Vienna, the sum of $1,075 10,
for compeissation for taking charge of the archives
of the United States legation at Vienna, and per-
forming diplomatic services from October 13 to
December 10, 1852, and from May 21 to Septem-
ber 13,1853, embracing, in the aggregate, a period
of five months and twenty-one days, being one
half of the salary of a charge d'affaires for that
period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HANNAH STROOP.
The bill (S. No. 142) for the relief of Hannah
Stroop, widow of John. Stroop, deceased, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow her a pension of four dollars
per month, as widow of John Stroop, asoldier of
the revolutionary war, from April 11,1853, to con-
tinue during her natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES G. RIDGELY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 144) for the relief of Captain Charles G.
Ridgely, of the United States Navy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill lie over.
JAMES SUDDARDS.
The next was the bill (S. No. 148) for the re-
lief of James Suddards.
It provides for the payment to James Suddards,
passed assistant surgeon in the Navy, of the sum
of $413 14, being the difference of compensation
to an assistant surgeon and a passed assistant
surgeon, from May 17, 1854, to March 9, 1856.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill.
GEORGE H. HOWELL.
The next was the bill (S. No. 149) for the re-
lief of George H. Howell.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That involves the same
principle.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
LIEUTENANT JOSHUA D. TODD.
The next was the bill (S. No. 153) for the re-
lief of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, United States
Navy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is the same principle.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that. 1 object to
all this back pay.
WILLIAM F. CARRINGTON.
The next was the bill (S. No. 154) for the re-
lief of William F. Carrington, passed assistant
surgeon in the United Suites Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I objcct to that bill. I object
to all back compensation.
ROBERT CARTER.
The next bill (S. No. 15^was the bill for the
relief of Robert Carter, passed assistant surgeon
in the United States Navy.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object to that. It is of the
same class.
JOSHUA SHAW.
The next was the bil! (S. No. 156) for the re-
lief of Joshua Shaw, of Bordentown, New Jers'-y,
which proposes to pay him $7,000 for the use of
his invention of percussion caps and locks, for
