1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Prom Upshur C. H., up French creek, via
Walkerville, and Jacksonville, Benjamin W.
Haymound's Store, in Braxton county , to Gilmer
C. H.
From Jeffersonville, Tazewell county, to Mc-
Dowell C. H.
Prom Lebanon, Russell county, via Sand Lick,
to Buchanan C. H.
Prom Newbern, Pulaelti county, via Francis
Allison's, to Graham's new furnace.
Prom Graham's new furnace to Jackson Ferry.
From Macks Meadows Depot to Graham's old
furnace.
From Abingdon, via Tool's creek and Byrd
Lilley's in the Poor Valley, to Whitley Fullon's.
Prom Holston post office, in Washington
county, via Hiram Fullon's, to Estillville, in Scott
county.
From Graham's new furnace, via Francis Al-
lison's, up the valley of Reed "Island river, to the
Hillsville and Floyd C. H. turnpike.
From Ganby Bridge, in Fayette county, via
Big Sycamore, and Marshall, Clay Court-IIouse,
to Newton, Roane county.
washington territory.
From Olympia, via Miami, William's, near
mouth of Black river, Scammin's, Lee, (Grey's
Harbor,) Oysterville, Pacific City, Chinook, to
Astoria.
From Astoria, via Job Lamly's, Fort Willopa,
to William's, near mouth of Black river.
From Oysterville, via Bruceport, Fort Willopa,
RoundtreVs Prairie, to Borsefort Prairie.
From Oakland to Hood's canal.
From Olympia, via Chambers' Prairie, Tem-
alquit Prairie, to Coal Bank.
From Steilaeoom to Camp Montgomery.
From Colville, via Antoine Plantes to Cceur
d'Alene Mission.
From Gamble to Sebec.
From Bellingham bay to Fort Colville.
wisconsin.
From Monroe City, in Green county, via Ca-
diz, Winslow, Stephenson county, Illinois, to
Warren, in Jo Davis county, Illinois.
From Jonesville to Monroe.
From Stevens' Point, via Neilsville, in Clark
county, to Eau Claire, in Eau Claire county.
From Montello, via Harrisville, to Westfield,
in Marquette county.
From Two Rivers to Bayly's Harbor.
From Prairie du Chien, via Cassville, to Dun-
leith, Illinois.
From La Crosse, via Mount Pisgah, Dorset,
to Mill Haven.
From New Lisbon, via Malery's Hotel, Jack-
son's Steam Mill, Tomah, Greenfield, Lafayette,
Angclo, Sparta, Bangor, Salem, Bigby, Onalaska,
to La Crosse.
From Ne w Lisbon, via Neeidah, to Grand Rap-
ids.
From Waubeck, via Dunnville, Menominee,
to Vanceburg.
From Platteville, via Smelser's Grove, James-
town, and Fairplay, to Dubuque, (Iowa.)
From Dunlieth, (Illinois,) via Potosi, Water-
loo, Cassville, Charlotte, Bunker Hill, Beaufil,
Patch Grove, to Prairie du Chien.
From Prcscott, viaPoint Douglas, to Hastings,
Minnesota.
From Maiden Rock, via El Paso, and Ham-
mnndville, to Falls of St. Croix.
From Trempel'eau, via Caledonia, New Am-
sterdam, to La Crosse.
From Mineral Point, via Argyle, to Monroe.
From Mineral Point, via Dodgeville, Helena,
Spring Green, Honey creek, Westfield, to Reeds-
burgh.
Fro m Maugh's Mills, via Wonne woe and H ills-
borough, to Vingna.
From Oshkosh to Shiooton.
From Yiroque, via Bloomingdale, Masterson,
and Whitestown, to Mount Taber.
From Badax City to Rcedsburgh.
From Manston, via Wonne woe and Hillsboro',
to Viroqua.
From Litchfield, viaMount Kingston, Dryfork,
Old Ripley, Pocahontas, New Hillsboro', James-
town, to School cieek station.
From Sheboygan, via Sheboygan Falls, Wheat
valley, Onion river, Cascade, Scott, Boltonville,
and Barton, to West Bend.
From Green bay*to Sturgeon bay.
From Two Rivers to Kewaunee.
From Kewaunee to Sturgeon bay.
From Green bay to Shawanaw.
From Inneau, via Oak Grove, and Lowell's, to
Reeseville.
From New London, in North Royalton, Og-
densburg, and Scandinavia, to Plover.
From Lone Rock, in Richland county, via
Bear creek, Sandusky, Ironton, Lavalle Summit,
to Maugh's Mill, in Juneau county.
From Oconto to Shawanaw.
From La Crosse, via Brownsville, Sheldon,
Dedham, Preston, Carimona, Forestville, Spring
Valley, Frankfort, Austin, Sumner, Albert Lea,
to Winnebago, in Minnesota.
Sec. 2. Andbeitfarther enacted, That the Post-
master General be authorized to make such ar-
rangements for the transmission of the great
through mailsbetween Portland and New Orleans
as will insure the most speedy and certain con-
nection, including in the route for one of the daily
mails as many of the sea-board commercial cities
as may be consistent with the greatest dispatch.
Approved, June 14,1858.
Chap. CLXIII.—An Act to supply Deficiencies
in the Appropriations for the Current and Conn
tingent Expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with va-
rious Indian Tribes, for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States ofJlmericaiii Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
aie hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Tfeasury not otherwise appropi lated, for the
purpose of paying deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes:
For restoring and maintaining, by peaceable
measures, friendly relations with the Indian tribes
in Oregon Territory, or so much thereof as may
be necessary for expenditure during the year end-
ing thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, two hundred and sixty-four thousand dol-
lars.
For payment to such Cherokees as were omit-
ted in the census taken by D. W. Siler, hut who
were included and paid under the act of July,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, the same per
capita allowance that was paid the other Indians
under that distribution, provided the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs shall be satisfied they
ought to be included in said per capita distribu-
tion, three thousand two hundred and seventy-
eight dollars and thirty-two cents.
For contingencies of the Indian department, or
so much thereof as may be required for expendi-
ture during the year ending June thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-eight, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For indemnity to George V/. Sudham, a Creek
Indian, for property stolen from him and injured
by a citizen of the United States, one hundred
and twenty-five dollars.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territory of Washington, or so
much thereof as may [be], required during the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, sixteen thousand dollars.
Senecas of New York.—For interest, in lieu of
investment, on seventy-five thousand dollais, at
five per centum, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For payment of the difference in salaries of the
agents for the Sioux and Seminole Indians, for
the Omaha agency, for the Kickapoo agency, for
the Kansas agency, and for the Neosho agency,
between the rates as fixed previous to the act of
third Maieh, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
and the rate authorized by said act from the third
March, eighteen hundred' and fifty-seven, to the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
three thousand nine hundred and ninety-one dol-
lars and sixty-eight cents.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, employed to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry out the regulations prescribed to
give effect to the seventh section of the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting
bounty lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dol-
lars.
ForctJVnpensation of two extra clerks,employed ,
to carry out the treaty with the Chickasaws in '
the adjustment of their claims, two thousand eight
hundred dollars. •
For defraying the expenses of the several expe-
ditions against Ink-pa-du-tah's band, and in the
search, ransom, and recovery of the female cap-
tives taken by said band in eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, the sum of twenty thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as may be necessary; the
amounts to be ascertained and paid, on satisfac-
tory .proof, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That none of
the money herein appropriated to the Indian ser-
vice in the Territories of Oregon and Washington
shall be paid until the claims which they are in-
tended to satisfy shall have been audited and
stated by a commissioner to be sent to the said
Territories by the Secretary of the Interior, and
approved by the said Secretary. The said com-
missioner shall be appointed as soon as may be
practicable by the Secretary of the Interior, to
receive a compensation of eight dollars a day and
his actual tiaveling expenses whilst engaged in
the service herein prescribed. Atid it shall be the
duty of the said commissioner to examine the
vouchers, and to take testimony, if necessacy, in
regard to the claims or accounts which may be
presented against the Government, and to report
the result of his investigations, and his opinion
thereupon, to the Secretary of the Interior, who
shall pay such claims, if he approves them, so
far as the appropriations herein made shall be
sufficient for the purpose.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in exe-
cuting process in the Indian country, the marshal
be authorized to employ a posse comitat&s, not ex-
ceeding three persons in any of the States respect-
ively, to assist in executing process by arresting
and bringing in prisoners from the Indian coun-
try, and to allow them three dollars per diem in
lieu of all expenses and services.
Sec. 4. And be it further tnavivd, That the super-
intendent and agents within the su perm tend [enjey
ofTexas shall be hereafter appointed in the same
manner as other superintendents and agents, [are]
appointed and confirmed.
Approved, June 14, 1858
Chap. CLXIV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Transportation of the United States Mail
by Ocean Steamers and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerhain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine:
For transportation of the mailsfrom NcwYork
to Liverpool, and back, thiee hundred and forty-
six thousand five hundred dollars; and it is hereby
provided that there be paid to the Post Office De-
partment out of said appropriation such sums as
may be required to procure the transportation of
the mails from New York to Liverpool, and back,
on such days as the Collins line may fail to take
them from New York.
For transportation of the mails from New York
to NewOrleans, Charleston, Savannah,Havana,
and Chagres, and back, two hundred and sixty-
oii" thousand dollars. *
For transportation of the mails from Panama to
California and Oregon, and back, three hundred
and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars.
For transportation of the mails between San
Francisco, California, and Olympia, Washington
Territory, one hundred and twenty-two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For transportation of the mails on Paget sound,
twenty-two thousand four hundred dollars.
