1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2643
Washington; but the road on the north would
make a convenient separation, and some of these
gentlemen desire to enjoy the benefits of the city
without the burden of taxation, and they have
petitioned to be set off; but I am instructed to say,
and I have no doubt of the fact—I have it from
the most respectable gentlemen in Georgetown—
that more than three out of four of the very men
you propose to set off by this act are opposed to
it this moment, and do not desire to be set off, but
desire to stay where they are.
Now, sir, at this stage of the bill I think it
would be an arbitrary act to interfere with the cor-
poration of Georgetown in this manner. Besides,
this is the only possible way in which the city
can ever expand into the country. You have cut
off the corporate property of the'literary institu-
tions of Georgetown on one side, and the other
boundary is a natural one. Here is the only
chance of running out into the country, and the
only way in which the city can expand. But a
very small minority of the people living upon the
land desire the separation. I think the Senator
from Maine was very much mistaken when he
said this slip was only about sixty rods wide. I
went over and looked at it; I went on the ground
myself; and from the best judgment that I can
form, in conjunction with the gentlemen who were
with me, that slip was over half a mile wide where
it starts, and it grows narrow as it runs up. But
aside from that, a great majority of the people
who live upon it do not want it separated. I think,
to say the least of it, it ought to be postponed un-
til next year, and give the city of Georgetown,
and the inhabitants of this disputed territory, a
right to be heard.
Mr. BROWN. If the amendment now pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine shall carry, wili
it then be in order to move a further amendment
to the same amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be in
order to move to amend the bill. The amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine is amendable
now.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Maine is an
amendment to the bill. If it becomes part of the
bill by adoption, can I then move to amend that
part of the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want the attention of the
Senate for two or three minutes only. I have a
plan of the city here, and if Senators will look
at it they will see that I am certainty very nearly
right if the plan be true, (and it is a plan furnished
by the city,) that this strip of land is only, on the
average, about sixty rods wide, and it is three
quarters of a mile long. It is true, as I under-
stand, and as it appeared before the committee,
that one half of the persons in number, who are
-not the owners of any property to any consider-
able extent, do not consent to going off, while a
very large majority of those interested are in fa-
vor of going off, and it is for the reason that the
system of taxation upon them is oppressive.
Their lots are acres, not mere house lots, and they
tax them by a foot-tax on the front. Now, it
may be a very reasonable tax to tax a man in the
city two dollars a foot, but it will become very
onerous when youcarryit toaman'sfarm. There
they tax a front foot-tax on the front of those lots
for the purpose of lighting the city below. I say it
is very onerous, because the lights are not in
sight of them. This same city of Georgetown,
at the present session, came here and asked Con-
gress to relieve them from contributing to the
making of roads in the county that led into the
city, and were as much for the benefit of the city
as the county; and we did it. The city said they
ought not to be compelled to contribute money to
make roads in the county. The committee re-
ported a bill, and I think—the chairman will
know—that that bill has passed the Senate and
has gone to the House of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN. It has not passed the House.
Mr. HAMLIN. I say it has passed the Sen-
ate, and gone to the House. Treat these men
equally; treat them fairly. If you will relieve the
city of Georgetown from a small tax which they
contribute to make county roads, then I say re-
lieve these men, who live substantially in the
county, from a system of taxation that is onerous
upon them. I will not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. BROWN. My colloaguc on the District
Committee and myself differ upon this question.
I do not think the ancient city of Georgetown
ought to be divided. I think it was somewhere
about the year 1786 that this portion of George-
town was attached to the city, upon the applica-
tion of the people who lived there.
Mr. HAMLIN. In 1784, I think.
Mr. BROWN. It has been there ever since.
A majority—and I wish Senators would mark
that—of the property-holders living upon the part
of the city proposed to be stricken off, protest
against it. It is a disputed point as to whether
a majority of those in interest want to stav in or
out. All of us know that there is a vast deal of
difference in the value of city property. Those
who want to stay out declare that they are the
majority in point of interest; those who want to
stay in say they are the majority in point of in-
terest; but upon the point of numbers there is no
dispute. The Mayor of the city tells me that,
according to the assessment roll, a majority in
point of interest want to stay in the city; and I
put my vote upon that point, that they desire to
stay inside of the city, and do not want to be
stricken off. Now, sir, I am very equally divided
on this matter. 1 care nothing about it person-
ally one way or the other; but what I want to do
is simply to hold the scales of justice in equal
balance between these parties. I think myself
the weight of testimony is in favor of those who
are opposed to going out, and therefore I vote on
their side. If I thought it was otherwise, I would
vote on the other side.
Mr. BRIGHT. There can be no doubt about
the fact that a very large majority "in number of
the persons residing within tire district proposed
to be stricken off arc against the proposition of
the Senator from Maine. I have it from most reli-
able authority that out of the thousand persons
residing within those limits-  
Mr. HAMLIN. There are not a thousand.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir, out of the thousand
residing there, only three were found to favor it.
That was the statement made to me by that city.
Mr. BROWN. Thirteen.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the number has in-
creased. Perhaps they have been able to raise
thirteen since the statement of three was made to
me. Now, as the Senator from Mississippi very
truly stated, Georgetown was organized accord-
ing to her present limits more than half a century
ago without any effort since that time to change
it, until a gentleman who has been living there a
few months proposes to disarrange everything by
cutting the city organization in two. Now, if we
are entitled to look to what the majority of par-
ties in interest desire, there can be no doubt that
a majority are in favor of letting the district re-
main just as it is; and I hope no vote of the Sen-
ate will change it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to renew an amend-
ment which I offered last evening. I would not
do so but for the fact that three Senators volun-
tarily came to me and stated that on inquiry they
were satisfied that the amendment was right. It
is to insert;
Jlnihe it fmther enacted, That to enable tile Secretary
of the Interior to curry into effect the twenty-fourth section
of the civil and diplomatic act of Match 3, 1855, by paying
the claims on file as oideiedforassessmenr by Up-
ton and Silinmey, and Washington .mil lUahOii, commis-
sioners under the Cherokee treaty of 1835, there lit! appro-
priated the sum of $30,000.
I ask the Secretary to read the twenty-fourth
section of that act.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator read it last night.
The amendment is to carry out an existing law,
and I presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be none.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I would now like to call up,
the amendment in relation to the California %\xy
vey. It is the last of the committee amendment;
and I think it would probably be better Waet
on it. It is to insert, after line one hundresr and
thirteen:
For making the survey? of the confirmed private land
claims in California, the surveyor general is hereby author-
ized to pay such sum as he may deem reasonable, accord-
ing to the circumstances connected with each ease, not
exceeding at the rate of twenty-five dollars for each mile
of the boundary lines of any claim, and also tor such lines
as may necessarily he run and maiked, or measured, in order
to connect the lines of such claim, with those of the adja-
cent public surveys.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am not anxious that
the Senate should act upon this amendment. If
the Senator is disposed to do so, let it remain
until my colleague arrives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us pass the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I only want to close my bill,
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not want to take any
advantage. I am willing to wait until my col-,
league returns, if the Senator is willing.
Mr. HUNTER. It is justice to the Senator
from California, who is absent, to say, that I
voted against this amendment in committee and
in the Senate; but I have seen the Secretary of
the Interior, who tells me that he believes it es-
sential to increase the price of surveying private
land claims in California, or the work cannot be
done at all. He said it had been done before by
the assistance of the owners of the private land
claims themselves, who paid a portion of the
compensation to the surveyors, and he, thinking
that would lead to corruption, has ordered the
practice to be discontinued, and therefore did not
think the claims could be surveyed at fifteen dol-
lars a mile. That is all I have heard in relation
t0Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo had his opinion to
the same effect in writing.
Mr. BRODERICK. I believe that six -dollars
a mile is the amount now allowed by lawin Min-
nesota, Kansas, and the States of Iowa and Wis-
consin. The law provides that surveyors shall
receive fifteen dollars a mile in California. If the
chairman of the Committee on Finance will make
the calculation of the number of dollars that this
amendment will take out of the Treasury, I think
he will be inclined to vote against it. This amend-
ment proposes to give an additional ten dollars
for every mile surveyed. I stated the other day,
when this question was up, that the price of living
was very nearly as low in California as it is here.
I suppose it is about one third higher there, al-
though itcosts me as much to live here as it would
cost me to live in San Francisco; and I live here
very frugally. I hope that the amendment will
not prevail; for I believe that the surveyors who
will be appointed by the surveyor general to do
the work will never receive a dollar of this money;
and that it will go into the surveyor general's
pocket. For that reason, I am opposed to it. I
am sorry my colleague is not present; and 1 have
no disposition to urge the vote upon the Senate.
I would rather that the vote should go over until
he is present.
Several Senators. It cannot go over.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this amendment should
not pass. I am told it will not, and I will say no
more. ["Question! question!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the vote
is taken, I should be very glad to make a sug-
gestion, in which I think it is highly probable the
Senator from California will agree with me, that
is for the public good in this matter. I would be
glad, in the first place, to have the amendment
read. Some modification is certainly needed, and
some step ought to be taken, though in a differ-
ent form. *
The Secretary read the afnendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is the
way the proposition now reads. Is there any
limitation to it?
Mr.*HUNTER. There is a limitation of twenty-
five dollars a mile. The existing law allows fif-
teen dollars, and this amendment proposes to allow
the surveyors of private land claims twenty-five
•dollars a mile.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is understood
to be customary there—if I am wrong, the Sena-
tor from California will correct me—for survey-
ors appointed under the law to adjudicate, determ-
ine, survey, and ascertain the exact limits of a
'claim, after being employed by the Government
of the United States, to receive pay from the
parties who are the owners of claims. Thus the
control of them is, in a measure, taken from the
Government, which, in the first instance, employs
them. The supposition is, that this leads to a
survey, and the determination of the boundary of
claims, not consistent with justice, or the decision
and facts of the case. I therefore desire to con-
nect with this a further amendment, to provide m
substance—I will state merely the substance—
that no such additional compensation, from any
source whatever, shall be received by any sur-
veyor in the employment of the United States,
