MM
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
from any party, directly or indirectly; and that
whenever any such Snail have been proven to
have been received, directly or indirectly, the sur-
vey shall be taken to.be fraudulent.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator permit
' me to interrupt liim for a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 would like to ask the
Senator from Arkansas whether, in case there was
an agreement, made between the owner of the
property and the surveyor, the surveyor general
could know whether the deputy surveyor received
that compensation or not, if the parties themselves
were not disposed to disclose it ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will answer
the Senator in this way: in the first place, it is al-
leged that the amount of compensation is insuffi-
cient; and the amendment is justified, I under-
stand, jipon the ground that it is not sufficient, and
that they cannot do the work for the compensation
the Government allows. I am informed by the
Department that, without doubt or denial, it is an
admitted fact that the surveyors receive additional
compensation from the parties who own the claims,
and consequently the boundaries may be run to
suit themselves.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend will allow me to
say to him that I am informed, by the Secretary
of the Interior, that he has issued orders to pre-
vent them from receiving fees hereafter from any
claimant, and therefore it is unnecessary to add
the proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Exactly; and
that leads to just this consequence: as the com-
pensation of fifteen dollars a mile is not sufficient,
and the Department do not believe it to bo suffi-
cient, that direction will merely make them do
privately and secretly thot which they now do
openly nnd publicly. I believe the remarks of the
Senator from California to be in some measuie
just about this business; but I do not believe we
give sufficient compensation to hare puiity in the
service. In answer to his question, I will say
that, if two men, equally corrupt, enter into a
corrupt agreement, the world may notcasily make
a discovery of the fact; but we do know that it
is ordinarily the case, that from their indiscre-
tion or ovcr-confidcnce, or some causc, they will,
in the end, develop and publish their transactions
so as to let them be known to the public. Then
they might be compelled, upon oath, in a court
of justice, having asserted the fact incautiously
in the hearing of some one else, to develop it. If
you render the survey fraudulent by the very fact
of a bribe having been received, you have a high
guarantee against improper conduct 111 these mat-
ters.
I have 110 question, fiom what I understand of
thedifference between the surveying of a private
claim in California and the surveying of ordinary
straight lines in i unning the regular surveys of a
country, that the pay for this service is not cnoitirh.
There are very great differences—a great differ-
ence in the time it takes to perform it; there is a
great dillerence in the character and class of in-
vestigation U> get starting points, and to conform
to the decisions of the courts, which do not trouble
the pubhe surveyor under the ordinary law; so
that the compensation, I am satisfied, ought to be
increased upon these private Surveys; but there
oughtto be a limitation that the whole surveyshall
bo fraudulent per ie, whenever it shall be proved
that the surveyor has received any other com-
pensation than that which the law itself allows..
We cannot escape the difficulty which the Sena-"
tor from California suggests; but we can do this:
we can allow a reasonable compensation; and a
man who is inclined at all to be honest, or to lnve
any respect for himself, bavin,; received enough,
it is to be hoped that he will act honestly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word or
two on this amendment. It is a matter which I
think I understand somewhat. It was referred
to the Committee on I'nvate Land Claims. The
system by which the public, lands arc surveyed
is well established. '1 here is a certain price laid
down by Congress for the survey. That price is
not sufficient in exceptional cases undoubtedly. In
my own State, for a long series of years, the prac-
tice which is complained of has been prevalent,
and been unaccompanied by any evil elTects. The
Government allows a certain sum per mile for sur-
veying. The surveyor general of the State is
ready to give the contract for surveys, at that rate,
to any deputy surveyor; but the survey of a
particular locality is difficult; there are swamps,
there are difficulties in finding marks or lines,
there is a confusion in private claims. When that
occurs, the deputy surveyors do not apply for a
contract, and do not survey the particular district.
Things remain so, perhaps, for one, two, five, or
ten years, when an individual becomes interested
in having that district of country surveyed. He
wants to buy the land, or he wants his own lines
fixed, and what does he do ? He applies to the
surveyor general of the State, and says: " I want
an order for the survey of that particular district."
" I am ready to give it, sir, but nobody is ready
to do the work at*the Government price." "Well,
sir, I will make up any extra sum that is required
-to induce a deputy surveyor to take the contract."
That is legitimate, it is fair; there is nothing con-
ducive to fraud in it.
Now, sir, in California most of these private land
claims depend upon natural maiks and bounds;
then there is a prescriptive limit in many cases.
There is necessity for taking oral testimony
amongst the inhabitants in relation to the names
given to particular rocks, to particular peaks, to
particular valleys, by which the different grants
by the Mexican Government are found. In some
cases the matter may be plain and clear. Then
you can got a surveyor, who, for fifteen dollars a
mile, which is the limit allowed by Congress, will
undertake to make (ho survey, "in other cases,
owing to particular difficulties either in the man-
ner in which the piivatcclaim is describcdor from
the locality in which the land is situated, nobody
can be got to do the work for that price. I see
no impropriety, I sec no mimoialiiy m the pnvate
claimants in such cases, going to the surveyor
general, and saying " if you cannot get a deputy
surveyor to do the work in relation to my claim
for the Government price, I want my land marked
out, and if there is a special difficulty here, and
five or ten dollars a nn!e more is required, 1 am
willing to liny it to get my land marked out." I
see no objection to that, nothing fraudulent or
immoral ill it. It has never produced any evil
eifects in our State, and has always been a preva-
lent custom there.
Now, a proposition is made to extend the limit
to twenty-five dollars a mile. The result will be
that your surveyor general will give twenty-five
dollars a mile to .ill the deputy surveyors. Every-
body knows how tlia't works. You will get no
more surveying done at less than twenty-five
dollais. I hope, theicl'ore, this amendment will
not be adopted. At the same time 1 must say that
1 have seen no union why ihe Secretary of the
Interior should prohibit private claimants where
the surveys cannot be done for the price fixed by
law, from ekeing it out by an additional allow-
ance. Still there ought to be regulations on the
subject. So far as the amendment is concerned I
hope it will not pass.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say that the explana-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana seems to me j
entirely satisfactory. I hope we shall take the
vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I lmve a word or two to say
befoie the vote is taken. The Governmentof the
United States by tieety with Mexico, stipulated
that the Mexican claims there that were valid in
themselves should belong to the parties, although
the jurisdiction passed from one country to the
other under the treaty. ],y a subsequent law,
passed in 1851, the United States provided fori
an adjudication of the rights of the parties to
their respective claims under the Mexican grants,
and required them in all cases where they held
1 under Mexican giants to appear befure the con- j
stituted tribunal in order to have the adjudication i
made. The law required that they should take '
a patent from the United States after the adjudi- I
cation on a survey being made, which survey the
Government undertook to make. Now, sir, if
the sum of fifteen dollars a mile will not piovide
for the survey which an act of justice to the par- '
tics v.XJB: claims were adjudicated and requires 1
; shoul<rn)o made, because they cannot get a title
j without the patent, and the survey is to precede 1
! the patent by your own law, on whnt principle
is it that you deny them a sufficient sum to make
those surveys in order that patents may issue?
It comes to that. The surveys cannot be per-
formed for fifteen dollars a mile. That you get;
from the Interior Department and the surveyor ■
general. You say to the claimantthrough the In-
terior Department by its regulation that he shall
not pay the surveyor to survey it. The survey
is necessary in order to obtain his patent. With-
out a patent he cannot have any title because
the law requires it, and therefore you leave him
in this position: your Executive Department re-
fuse to let him pay the additional sum (whether
right or wrong according to the views of the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana;) they refuse it
by an express order, and you do not allow in
your law a sufficient sum to obtain a deputy sur-
veyor to make surveys other than the straight
line surveys of the United States; they will not
survey the claim, and hence the contract cannot
be performed, for you deny the title to the party
until the survey is made.
This amendment cannot be just; it cannot be
right. You cither must pass tiiis amendment or
you must require your General Land Office to re-
scind its order, and suffer the parties to make up
the sum that is requisite to have a survey made,
which is out of the ordinary duties of the survey-
or. You cannot get deputy surveyors to make
surveys of these claims. The labor is worth more
than fifteen dollars a mile. This provision only
authorizes the amount to be extended in these
cases. You arc bound to make the surveys be-
cause you refuse to carry out the treaty until the
surveys are made. In order to perfect these grants
which you have said by your treaty aregood and
valid, you have declared that the parties shall
take a patent from the United States, you say they
shall nothave a patent withouta survey, and now
you will not provide means to make the survey,
and the executive Government refuse to allow par-
ties to provide means to do it themselves. That
cannot be justice.
Mr. HOUSTON. Perhaps I am not wellennugh
acquainted with this subject to give an opinion
understanding^ upon it; but I "really think the
rates now given are very exorbitant. I have no
idea that the survey costs five dollars a mile. I
think m our contracts three dollars is the usual
price for surveying, and people do it very well at
that. It seems to me if there is danger of cor-
ruption in deputies receiving from pnvate citizens
whose claims they arc allowed to survey, addi-
tional fees to what they are allowed by law, fif-
teen dollars per mile, that there will be a stronger
inducement by this Government giving $GO,OGO,
and placing it at the disposition of the surveyor
general. If you place it within his discretion he
can obtain vouchers, for I have no doubt there
are thousands of applicants now that are disap-
pointed and cannot obtain employment from him.
It is strange that Lhere has been no remonstrance
here to Congress asking for an increase of wages
if it is so necessary as is supposed; but it seems
that the plea is that the surveyors will be induced
to act corruptly, and receive bribes from those
who have land, the lines of which are to be run
out.
Now, Mr. President, I am perfectly satisfied
that fifteen dollars per mile will be amply suffi-
cient not only to accomplish the work, but to give
a liberal recompense to the surveyor. It is a very
easy matter to calculate it. I should at least sup-
pose they would survey twenty miles a day; end
if you multiply fifteen by twenty, you will find
that it is a very handsome per diem; and if you
allow for contingencies, fhere would still be a re-
siduum left that must make it greatly profitable.
It seems to me that every inducement of this kind
that you hold out to officers of this Government,
making them irresponsible, and leaving it discre-
tionary with them to pay moneys, is a temptation
to dewate from the path of honestv, if they have
previously pursued it, and to obiani false certifi-
cates and vouchers to settle with the accounting
officers for the amount. I do not know who the
suiveyor general in California is, and I am cast-
ing no reflections of a personal character; but
would it not he_an easy matter to obtain forged
C('rii!fatCS 0i" c''t^erL'nt individuals to the amount
c §? an^ C015ie on here and receive a bonus
of $oO,000, and put it in his pocket?
_ So you find that it is a temptation to corrup-
tion; and so far from resisting the evil that you
desire to guard against, you are encouraging cor-
ruption of the rankest charactcr, and rendering
officers at a great distance from the seat of Gov-
ernment irresponsible where neither vigilance nor
check can be put upon them. I cannot vote for
