1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
seven, may render it advisable, in the opinion of
the President of the United States, to restore to
the active or reserved list of the Navy, or to
transfer from furlough to leave of absence on the
latter list, any officer who may have been dropped
or retired by the operation of the actof February
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, en-
titled " An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," he shall have authority, any existing
law to the contrary notwithstanding, within six
months from the passage of this resolution, to
nominate, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to appoint such officer to the
active or reserved list; and officers so nominated
and confirmed shall occupy positions on the ac-
tive and reserved lists, respectively, according to
rank and seniority when dropped or retired as
aforesaid, and be entitled to all the benefits con-
ferred by the act approved January sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, on officers re-
stored, or transferred, to the active or reserved
list under that act.
Approved, March 10, 1858.
No. 4.—A Resolution to authorize certain Officers
and Men, engaged in the Search for Sir John
Franklin, to receive certain Medals presented
to them by the Government of Great Britain.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jim-erica in Congress
assembled, That the officers and men engaged in
the several expeditions which have been fitted
out in the United States for the recovery of Sir
John Franklin and his companions, be authorized
to accept the medals recently transmitted to this
Government, for presentation to them, by the
Government of Great Britain.
Approved, March 16, 1858.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution respecting the Distribu-
tion of certain Public Documents.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the words " so many," in the
third section of the joint resolution of the twenty-
eighth January,eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
" respecting the distribution of certain docu-
ments," be, and the same are hereby,stricken out;
and the words " two hundred and fifty" be, and
the same are hereby, inserted in thoir place; and
further, that the words at the end of the section,
" by him," be, and the same are hereby, stricken
out; and the words " to him by, the Representa-
tive in Congress from each congressional district,
and by the Delegate from each Territory in the
United States," be, and are hereby, inserted.
Approved, March 20, 1858.
No. 6.—A Resolution authorizing Lieutenant
William N. JefTers to accept a Sword of Honor
from her Majesty the Q.ueen of Spain.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the assent of Congress be, and
the «same is hereby, given, to allow Lieutenant
William N. Jeffers,of the Navy of the United
State's, to accept a sword of honor presented to
him, thrpugh the Department of State, by her
Majesty the Q,ueen of Spain, " as an acknowl-
edgment of the very efficient assistance which he
gave, with the vessel under his command, to the
Spanish schooner Catagenera, in the waters of the
Parana," on the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh,
and twenty-eighth of October, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five.
Approved, April 7,1858.
No. 7.—A Resolution providing for the Payment
of certain Expenses of holding the United
States Courts in the Territory of Utah.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the expenses of holding the Uni-
ted States courts in the Territory of Utah, during
the continuance of the present distuibances
therein, be paid out of the judiciary fund, under
the limitations contained in the existing laws in
respect to fees: Provided, That, on the restora-
tion of peace in said Territory, the expenses of
said courts, when exercising jurisdiction under
the territorial laws, shall be chargeable to the
Territory, or to the counties, as in other Territo-
ries.
Approved, May 4, 1858.
No. 8.—A Resolution to extend the operation of
the Act approved January sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, entitled "An Act to
amend an Act entitled * An Act to promote the
Efficiency of the Navy.' "
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the operation of the act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled * An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy,'" limiting the
restoration of officers in certain cases, be extended
to the sixteenth day of April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine: Provided, That the time within
which examinations by courts of inquiry may be
made, as provided by the first section of said act,
shall not be extended except as to any case pend-
ing and undeterminded before any court of in-
quiry under the act of the sixteenth January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, at the expira-
tion thereof; and excepting, also, the case of any
officer who was absent from the country at the
time of the passage of said act, and had not re-
turned previous to the sixteenth of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight. And any such
officer shall be entitled to all the privileges con-
ferred by said act, provided he applies for the
benefit thereof, at any time within sixty days
after his return.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
No. 9.—A Resolution to extend for a further
term the provisions of the Joint Resolution
approved March tenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, in relation to certain Dropped and
Retired Officers of the Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Confess
assembled, That the time limited by the joint res-
olution approved March tenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, entitled a ''Joint resolution to
extend and define the authority of the President,
under the act approved January sixteenth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, entitled 'An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy," in respect to dropped
and retired naval officers,'" be, and hereby is,
extended to the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, in lieu of six months, as
provided therein.
Appro\ed, May 11, 1858.
No. 10.—A Resolution authorizing suitable Ac-
knowledgments to be made by the President to
the British Naval Authorities at Jamaica, for
the Relief extended to the Officers and Crew of
the United States Ship Susquehannah, disabled
by Yellow Fever.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is here-
by, authorized and requested to cause suitable
acknowledgments to be made on the part of this
Government to Admiral Sir Howston Stewart,
of her Britannic Majesty's navy, and the officers
under his command, for their prompt and effi-
cient aid, and generous hospitality, extended to
the disabled officers and crew of the United States
ship Susquehaiinah, on her late arrival at Port
Royal, in the Island of Jamaica, with the yellow
fever on board; on which occasion besides placing
the naval hospital, with an adequate corps of
medical officers, nurses, and attendants, at their
service, eighty-five of the sick officers and crew !
of the Susquehannah were safely and promptly j
conveyed on shore with the aid of the boats of j
the British squadron, and the lives of the greater 1
portion of them thereby probably saved. And
that the President be further requested to cause
a gold medal, with appropriate devices, to be pre-
sented, on behalf of this Government, to Assist-
ant Surgeon Frederick A. Rose, of the British
navy, who volunteered, with the permission of
his commanding officer, to join the Susquehan-
nah, and, at imminent personal risk, devoted him-
self, on the voyage from Jamaica to New York,
to the care of the sick remaining on board. And
that the President cause suitable testimonials to
be in like manner presented to the medical offi-
cers, in the British service, in attendance at the
hospital, with appropriate rewards to the nurses
and other attendants there, whilst occupied by the
officers and crew of the Susquehannah.
Approved, May 11, 1858.
No. 11.—A Resolution to authorize the Secretary
of tlie Treasury to audit and settle the Ac-
counts of the Contractor for the erection of the
United States Marine Hospital at San Fran-
cisco, California.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to set-
tle and adjust the accounts of the contractor for
the erection of the United States marine hospital
at San Francisco, Dalifornia, and to pay to said
contractor, out of any money in the Treasury
riot otherwise appropriated, the amount that may
be found to be justly due to him under the con-
tracts made between said contractor and the
proper officers of the Government in reference to
I said building.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
No. 12.—Joint Resolution for paying the com-
pensation of Stenographers employed by Com-
mittees of the House of Representatives.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to allow
and pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the compensation of ste-
nographers employed by the committees of the
House of Representatives, as audited under the
direction of said House.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
No. 13.—Joint Resolution making Appropriation
to pay the expenses of the several Investiga-
ting Committees of the House of Represent-
atives.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the sum of twelve thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of expenses of the
several investigating committees, and of the Ju-
diciary Committee of the House of Represent-
atives, and that the same shall be addea to the
miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of said
House.
Approved, May 29, 1858.
No. 35.—A Resolution for the Adjustment of
Difficulties with the Republic of Paraguay.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of adjusting the
differences between the United States and the
Republic of Paraguay, in connection with the
attack on theUnited States steamer Water Witch,
and with other matters referred to in the annual
message of the President, he be, and is hereby,
authorized to adopt such measures and use such
force as, in his judgment, may he nccessary and
! advisable, in the event of a refusal of just satis-
j faction by the Government of Paiaguay.
Approved, June 2, 1858.
No. 16.—A Resolution to correct an error in a
certain Act approved May eleventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congicss
assembled, That an error in the act approved May-
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, enti-
tled " An act to enlarge the Detroit and Saginaw
land districts in the State of Michigan," be cor-
rected, by extending the limits of that portion of
the Cheboygan district which has been attached
