1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
2645
this amendment, because, in the first place, it is
unreasonable, and, in the next place, it is holding
out inducements to corruption, rather than re-
straining those who are supposed to take private
perquisites for their labor. It is the custom in
most countries with which I have been acquainted,
that individuals pay for the work that is done;
and it is for their account it is done, subject to the
revision of the county surveyor.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am satisfied. I thought it
due to the Senator from California to oiler the
amendment; but I should prefer to withdraw it.
What has been said by Senators has induced me
to return to my original opinion, and X shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very willing that
this question should not be considered until my
colleague arrives. After the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, I care very little whether
this money is taken outof theG-overnnient Troas- j
ury to enrich this officer or not. I wish, if it is [
taken out, that it shall not be counted or shall not. i
be charged against California, for 1 believe that the I
ten dollars additional will bo put into the pocket
of the surveyor general, and that the owners of J
private land claim? will have to pay an extra sum
for the purpose of having their lands surveyed.
It will be a contract between them and the deputy
surveyor, and the surveyor general will know
liothingabout it. He will get the additional sum.
It would be very easy, as tiie Senator from Texas
has stated, for him to come here with a clann of
fifty or one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
against the Government; and the Secretary of the
Tieasury, I suppose, would pay it. I am against
this amendment, because I believe it is a bid for
the purpose of making the surveyor general dis-
honest. I am willing that it should remain on
the table until my colleague arrives. 1 hope,
therefore, it will lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better vote.
Let us gat rn! of this question. I want to get a
vote on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from California that a mo-
tion to lay the amendment on the table will carry
the whole bill with it.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, if there is any
doubt on the part of any Senator here, I do not
want this vote to be taken, for I do not wish to
cripple the people of my State. I am as anxious
to have the lands there surveyed as the Senator
from Delaware, 1 think. I am somewhat inter-
ested myself, and I believe, therefore, I have as
much interest in this question as the Senator from
Delawaie, or any other Senator upon this floor.
But I do not wish to take any unfair advantage
of my colleague. He may have information that
may satisfy the Senate that. Iam wrong. I hope,
therefore, the matter will not be disposed of at
this time.
Mr. HUNTER. I think, under the circum-
stances, that I shall withdraw the amendment.
The Senator from California, when he returns,
can offer it if lie chooses.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I shall feel bound
to offer an amendment to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire now to renew the
amendment I offered yesterday, making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the channel of
the St. Clair Hats. It is to insert, as a new sec-
tion:
„frui he it further enacted. That $r>4.U37 lie appropriated
foi com ;>k ting the improvement of tile eluumel ovel the > I -
C'lun fl.iN in the State of Michigan.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yc-as and nays weie ordered.
Mr. CLAY. J have, paired off with the Sena-
tor from New York, [Mr. Seward.J
Mr. PUGII. 1 have paired oil', or I should
vote for the amendment.
Mr. W ADE. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have paired off with
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon.]
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 81, nays 16; as follows;
YEAS Messrs. Bel!, P.ilsht, linxlerick, Cbandlci,Clark,
Collamer, Crittemien, Doohttle, Fc-^enden, I1 oot, Fo^tei,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, kmgjl'olk, Face, Simmons, Shdeil,
Stuarl, and Trumbuit—2t.
N A YS—Mcssis. Allen, Iiayaid. Benjamin, Bi;ler, Cling-
111:111, Hammond, Houston, Hunh'i, lvei.-on. JUni^on oi
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Reid, Sebastian,
Wnght, and Yalee—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL at first voted in the negative;
but before the result was announced, changed his
vote, in order, as he stated, to move a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the "ayes" seemed to
have it.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion. I want an executive session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I think the result had been an-
nounced by the Chair before the Senator callcd
for the vcas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It had not been
announced.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
! Mr. BIGLER. I wish to suggest that it is im-
portant that we should go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order, the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Al-
len] having answered to his name.
■ Mr. WADE. I have paired oil* with the Sen-
| ator from Georgia.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
1 resulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
1 YEAS—Menu. Allen, liayanl. Benjamin, linelit, Biod-
eiiek, (J!av, Ctin^auui, l.'i ittenden. t'\'t,-cmh'n. FiU|i,itnek,
' CriTii, Il.ile, Hammond, Ilailan, llmiU'i, Uvr-on, Johnson
! of Arkansas, Johnson ot Tennessee, Jones, Mailoiv. Polk,
Held. Sebastian, rtlulell, Sunlit, Wilson, Wnght, and Yii-
, lee—
1 NAy rt—Messrs. r.i.;lcr, Cliandlci, (Mark, (Inllami-r, T)oo-
little. Foot. l''o.-t<'r, 11 ami m, Houston. Kiii;^ Rice, ^millions,
and Tiunibull—13.
.So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF -REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 2, I80S.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Ilev. A. G. Oahothers.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
! FORT SPELLING
I Mr. OL\TU\, of New York, took the floor.
; Mr. FAULKNER. I will, if the gentleman
' will yield to me, oiler the resolutions of the mi-
nority of the committee, in order that they mny
i be before the House with the resolutions of the
: majority.
| Mr. OLA.RK, of New York. I supposed that
; theiesolutions of the majority and the lesolutmna
I of the minority were before the House, and that
I was in order in moving a substitute.
j The SPEAKER. The resolutions submitted
: by the majority of the committee are before the
, House, but the resolutions of the minority of the
committee are not before the House. The Chan-
did not understand on yesterday that the gentle-
man from New Voile otlered his resolutions, but j
simply that they were lead for information, tho |
gentleman stating that he proposed to ollW* thorn. !
: Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to inquire
' of the gentleman from Virginia whether the ros-
: oUitions he proposes to submit from the minority
| of the committee are the same as those published
: in the report, or those resolutions modified :
; Mr. FAULKNER. They are not the same.
| The resolutions oiVcrcd by Mr. Faulkner were
, read, as follows:
i Rc^oh-etU That the evidence repotted hv the select com-
! iiiitU'o ji.i?- f.nlt d to ei.hil>ii asiy fact or cueuiii&Uncc in eon-
neciion with tiie iceent *ale of the irnhtaiy icseivauon at
! Foi? tvMOlliiiLT which m any deuiee impeaches the personal
; or official integrity of the rfeeretaiv ot War.
I Resolved, That all other f|ue-uions connected with saul
! sale, arid suggested by the testimony, hems matters ot ex-
ecutive discretion, or subjects alone pioper for judicial m-
quirv and redio-, and not falling withm the uppropnate
jaii^dietton of this Hou^', it is ordeted that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of the subject,
and that the report of the committee be laid ou thu table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS^
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I observe, in the Globe of yesterdays a
speech in respect to the scriptural sanction of sla-
very. IMy first impulse was to reply to it this
session; but sharing, as I do, m the impatience of
members to get through, I content myse!f with
giving notice that i siuiil embrace the eailiest op-
portunity, next session, to give my views on the
question whether the Bible sanctions slavery.
Mr. MASON. And I give notice that when the
gentleman makes that speech I intend to answer it.
Mr. PENDLETON. My attention has been
arrested by a speech published in the Globe of
Saturday, which was-delivered by my colleague
from the fourteenth congressional district of Ohio,
[Mr. Bliss.] I send it to the Clerk's desk to have
two sentences read, which I have marked.
The extracts were read as follows:
" Mr. Churman : During the crowded Lecompton de-
bate, I refrained from seeking the floor upon it, chiefly be-
cause I desired to see the new opponents of the Kansas
outiages, and especially ihy colleagues, iearn to stand and,
if possible, to walk alone; and also because the sublect
itself was one 1 could with great difficulty coolly consider."
A**********
" And when the Administration and its masters, foiled in
naked wickedness, incubated with those whose plighted
faith, if not their principles, should have been their guard,
and hatched the nasty substitute—a substitute establishing
the punciple of non-submission, while claiming to provide
foi its effect, though coupled with conditions fraud inviting
and deeply insulting to Kansas, to Aeedom, and the North
—I watched the uew-boiii men, to see whether a soul had
been actually given them."
Mr. PENDLETON". I d«l not hear the speech
of my colleague delivered, and I presume it was
not delivered during any of the hours appropri-
ated to the ordinary and proper business of the
House. Tiie first knowledge 1 had of it was when
my attention was called to it last Saturday even-
ing by one of my colleagues as it appeared printed
in the Globe of that morning. Tiie speech, Mr.
Speaker, contains the opinion of my colleague as
to some of his colleagues on this floor. He im-
putes to them a breach of their plighted faith in
their action oil the conference bill. The member
has not specified which of his colleagues he in-
tends to include withm the scope of that remark;
and I now desire to ask him whether it was his
intention to include me?
Mr. BLISS. I ought perhaps to say in regard
to myself, that there was no personal communi-
cation between me and any of my colleagues on
that subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. I should like to have the
question answered directly. I have nothing to
say as to other gentlemen.
Mr. BLISS.' 1 will answer the question. I
1 will .say that through thud parties the action of
i my colleagues was pledged to me, and tliatmy sub-
sequent action was based upon that pledge; and,
1 I will say further in respect to the gentleman who
is asking the question, [Mr. Pendleton,] that I
have been informed since the vote—and, indeed I
may say, within a few hours past—that neither
of the gentlemen from the Cincinnati district [Mr.
Pendleton or Mr. Groesblck] authorized any
such pledge to be given to me. It may appear
hereafter that others failed to authorize such a
pledge. But I do say that the pledge was made
to me. It was represented to me that all my col-
leagues who acted with me in voting for the Mont-
gomery amendment were pledged to carry out their
own principles as embodied in their amendment,
and to the end. 1 was thereby induced to give the
votes I did, which apparently conflicted, though
not really, with my settled principles.
Mr. PENDLETON. I wish to ask a simple
question, and to have it directly answered. It is
whether or not the gentleman'then intended, or
now intends, to include me within the remarks he
then made ?
Mr. BLISS. I think I have answered the ques-
tion fairly and fully. I have stated that all my
colleagues wert^ included in the pledge given to
me by these persons. I have stated, also, that
wuhin a short peiiod I have been informed that
my colleagues from the metropolis of my State
[Messrs. Pendleton- and Guoesbf.ck] weie not
intended to be included in that pledge.
Mr. PENDLETON. As I understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman disclaims any inten-
tion to include me in that remark, I leave the matter
to those interested, having no further interest in it.
SALE OF FORT SNELLINC. V
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask to have
read, for the information of the liouse, the reso-
lutions which I offered last night as a substitute
for the resolutions reported by the rfiajonty and
minority of the committee.
The amendment proposed yesterday by Mr.
Clark, of'New York, was then read, as follows:
1. Raolve-', That liie evidence icported by the feeloctaom-
