THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
if the House no-w adjourns, whether this matter
doos not come up in the morning ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
House will not adjourn. There are gentlemen
here who wish to speak to-night. I myself would
like to submit some remarks upon the message
before the House adjourns.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana having yielded the floor for the purpose, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN and others demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn—yeas 105, nays 109, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ah], Andeison, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Bryan, Bur-
nett. Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman,
Cobb, John Cochrane, James Craig, Burton Craige, Cravv-
fmd, Cuirj, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdcll, Ed-
muudson, F.llmtt, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Gainett,
Gaitrell. Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Gieenwood, Gregg, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Iluyler, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Keiit, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy,
Letcher, Mar lay, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
Maynaid, Miles, Miller, Millson, Mooie, Niblaek, rendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quitman, Ready,
Reagan, Hicaud, lluffin, Russell, Kandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scoit, Searing, Seward, Homy M. Sli.iw, Shorter, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvoitll, Stephens, Stevenson,
James A. sipw.it!. Talhot, Tnppe, Uiuleivvood, Waid,
Watkins, White, Wluteley, VVinslow, Woodson, Woiten-
dykc. Augustus It. Wright, John V. Wnglit, and Zollicof-
lei—106.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adiain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
lmghurst, Bingham, Jilau, Bliss, liiayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lmgaine, Bums, Buiiough^, Campbell, Case, CliafFee, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Cl.tw^on, ClaiU B. Cochrane, Cockerill,
Colfax, Coinins,.Covode, Cox, Ciagin, Cuitis, Damrell,
Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa. Dean, Dewait, Diek, Dodd, Durfee,
English, Fainswortli, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Guldings, Gil-
man, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams,
Haskm, Hoard, Hoiton, Iliiwaul, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
KeUev, Kilgore, Knapp. Lawrence, Leach, Leiter, Love-
jov, Mcltibbin, Samuel S. Marshall, Montgomery, Morgan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N Morns, Fieemau H.
Morse, Oliver A. Mor-e, Mott,, Nichols, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pumaiice, Reillv,
Ritchie, ltobbins, Uoyce, Aaion Shaw, John Sheinian, .lud-
son W. Sherman, Robt rt Smith, Spiimei Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, 'Phaver, Thonip-on. Tompkins, Wade,
Walbudge, Waldron, Walton, C.uhvalader Washbuin,
Ellllm il. Waslibuiiie, Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and
Wood—10!).
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HUGHES asked to be exeusod from vot-
ing.
The SPEAKER stated that under the rules all
motions to be excused must be made before the
House commenced dividing. The motion not hav-
ing been made until after the call of the yeas and
nays had been commenced, was therefore not in
order.
Mr. HUGHES. Then I desire to say that 1
care very little about the matter myself, but as my
friends arc in favor of adjourning, I vote " ay.'
The SPEAKER announced that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Huc.hes] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana to give way for a moment, to allow
me to submit a motion, and I will then renew the
motion to adjourn. My only object is to have the
motion entered, and allow it to come up in the
morning.
Mi. HUGHES. If it will oblige the gentleman
particulaily to have his proposition side by side
with that of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] and he will communicate it to me, I
will make the motion myself; otherwise I decline
to vield the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is no ques-
tion at all of the right of the gentleman from In-
diana to the floor. It is a matter between linn and
the Speaker; but I take it for granted that he will
be entitled to the floor m the morning. I desire
to submit my proposition, and I will then move
to adjourn. 1 have no disposition to mtei lore with
the right of tue gentleman to the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. I have interrogated the gen-
tleman from Illinois in regard to his resolution,
but have been unable to hear his reply. But 1
understand, from information, it is to refer this
message to a stleet committee. I therefore sub-
mit the following motion before 1 submit my
remarks, m ord-i Uuil tin; uw> motions may be
before the House al Iht; same Liuc:
fUsobed, Taat the message ol the Picsident be referred
to a select committee of thirteen, to report upon the pro-
priety and expediency of the admission ?>f Kansas as a State
into the Union, with power to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Now, if the gen-
tleman will allow me to make an amendment to
that motion, it is all I desire. If the gentleman
will give me the floor I will send it to the Chair;
but I am not disposed to thrust it upon him.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman allow it
to be read for information ? 1 want to hear the
proposition before I yield the floor uncondition-
ally.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Well, as the gen-
tleman declines to yield, I want him to go on with
his speech. I hope, when the gentleman has done,
I shall get the floor to move my amendment.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Is it competent to interpose
any objection in reference to this matter ? If so, I
want to say here that I never will (Consent to any
furth'er compromise in this House upon the sub-
ject of slavery, so far as I am concerned. We
have had the lastcompromise that the South ought
to have. ["Order!" '-Order!"] Keep cool, gen-
tlemen;- you have had the last compromise upon
the subject of slavery that, I trust, you will ever
get from this House; and I want to say so to you
as a southern member upon this floor.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] will be
read.
The SPEAKER. He has not yet offered an
amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. Amotion has been made since
the last motion to adjourn. With the leave of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] I
will renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GROW. No business has intervened.
The SPEAKER. An amendment has been
moved and received.
Mr. GROW. I stand corrected.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield to
the motion to adjourn?
Mr. HUGHES. I do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas J02, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Andeison, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
B.ukidale,-Bi-hop, Bocock, Bowie, Biyan. Burnett, Ca«-
kie, John B Claik, Clay, Clemens. Chngman, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Jame<* Craig, Burton Craisje, Crawford. Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Mihsi>r-ippi, Dowdcll, Edmundson, El-
liott. Eu^tis, Faulkuer, Florence, Garnett, G.irtrell, Gillis,
Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Cresg, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill,
| Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jew-
; ctt, Geoige VV Jones, J Clancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob
' M, Kunkel, Lamai,Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maciay,Mc-
Uueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynatd, Miles,
Millson, Moore, Niblack, Pendieion, Phelp-, Phillips., Pow-
ell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Uieaud, Puffin, Ku.-«ell, San-
didge, Savage, Scales, Scott, Seating, Sewaul, Ileniy M.
Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, StalHvorth,
Stephen-*, Stevenson, James A. Stewait, Talbot, Tnppe,
Underwood, Ward, Watkius, White, Wlnteley, Wmslow,
Woodson, Wnrtendyke, Augustus R. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zoihcofier—10-2.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adrain. Andrews, Bennett.Bil-
lmghuist, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Drayton, Butfinton, Bur-
hngame, Burns, Burroughs,Campbell,Case, Chaffee, Chap-
man, Ezia Clark, Claw-on, Clark B. Coehiane, Cockerill,
Co!t'a\, Comins, Covode, Cox, Craszin, Curtis, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English,
Faru-.woith, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings, Gilman,
Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Groei-beck, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Ilairis, llas-
kin, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Kilgoie, Knapp, Lawrence, Leaeh, Leiter, Lovejoy, Mc-
Kibbin, Samuel S, Marshall, Miller, Montgomery, Moigan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II.
Morse, Oliver A. Mome, Mott, Nichols,, Ohu, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Redly, Ritchie,
Robbins, Uoyce, Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Judson
W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewait, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade,
!! Walbrutee, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
I Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and
j Wood—109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WINSLOW said: Mr. Speaker, ray col-
li league, Mr. Branch, although sick, came here
} thus morning and voted upon the last call of the
I roll; but ho became so much indisposed that he
was compelled to return to his room. He has
paired off with Mr. Damrell, of Massachusetts,
who obliged him in the matter very kindly, and
! who, thousrh present in the Hail, declines to vote.
;j Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now ask the gen-
:j tleman from Indiana to allow me to introduce my
;i motion.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman allow it
to be read for information? I can then judge
whether I should yield the floor or not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman de-
clines to yield.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield the floor for a moment?
Mr. HUGHES. For what purpose >
Mr. BARKSDALE. That I may move a call
of the House.
[Cries of " Go on !" u go on I'5]
Mr. HUGHES. I decline to yield for any pur-
I think I owe it to myself, before I proceed, to
place myself right in regard to this question of
adjournment, and in regard to the appeal made
to me to yield the floor. As to the question of
adjournment, it was a matter of indifference with
me; but I did not desire to detain the House
against their will.
As to the request that has been made that I
should yield the floor for the purpose of permit-
ting a proposition to be offered, I simply asked
that, before I yielded the floor unconditionally, I
should be informed what the nature of the prop-
osition was. To that I received no answer. I
thought I might have been misunderstood upon
that subject, and took the trouble, when the roll
was being called, to go to the seat of the gentle-
man from Illinois, but I found that my under-
standing was correct.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If I understand the
gentleman from Indiana correctly, he does not
correctly state my own position.
Mr. HUGHES. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman to make a correction.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand him
to say that he came to my seat, and that I de-
sired him to yield the floor unconditionally. Did
I hear right ?
Mr. HUGHES. That the gentleman desired
me to yield the floor before I knew what the prop-
osition was.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It was thathe should
yield the floor to allowmy motion to be submitted.
I did not tell the gentleman what it was. It was
my own motion, not his. I do not desire his ap-
probation of my motion.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman inform
us what it is ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. That is my business.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman asks courtesy
and declines to return it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask no courtesy.
Mr. HUGHES. And I ask none of you. I
will not be unparliamentary.
Mr. GILMER. I think courtesy to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. HUGHES. There is no gentleman upon
this floor that can take the place of the gentleman
from Illinois in this matter. He appealed to me
to yield the floor, and I inquired for what pur-
pose.'■
He declined to tell.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman mis-
represents me. I did tell him what I wanted.
Mr. HUGHES. The House, I think, under-
stands very well the issue between us.
I desire to modify the proposition which E sub-
mitted, by striking out these words—
"To report upon the propriety and expediency of the ad-
mission of Kansas-as a State into the Union, with powei to
report by bill or otherwise;"
so that it will read:
" That the message of the President be referred to a se-
lect-committee of thirteen."
It has been suggested that it might be inferred
from my submitting this proposition for a select
committee, thatit was my purpose to avail myself
of that parliamentary usage which would make
me the chairman of that committee. I here dis-
avow any such purpose. 1 submit the proposi-
tion merely that the two propositions shall be
before the House at the same time. If that prop-
osition be carried, I shall not consent to occupy a
position at the head of that committee. I am
upon one more committee now than I can attend
to.
I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that the remarks
I design to submit upon this message, and the
motion to print and refer it, will occupy the full
hour which will be allotted to mo under the rule,
but in order that I may not be embarrassed at all
for want of time, I will ask the permission of the
House to print, without reading, some prelimi-
