584
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 21,
35th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to the Detroit district, to the line dividing ranges
two and three west, instead of one and two west,
the former being the line intended by the Depart-
ment as the western boundary of the addition to
the Detroit district.
Approved, June 2, 1858.
No. 17.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Ar-
rangement and Disposal of Public Buildings in
the City of Philadelphia.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Postmaster General, and the Attorney Gen-
eral be, and [they] are hereby, authorized to de-
cide whether the custom-house at Philadelphia
shall remain in its present location, or whether
public convenience and interests require that the
location of the custom-house be changed to the
fround and building purchased of the Bank of
'ennsylvania, by authority of the law of the sec-
ond of August, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
for the purposes of apost office, and the post office
be removed to the present custom-house; and also
to decide whether it is best to sell the building
and lot of ground now used for the purposes of
the United States court, and establish court rooms
in the building of the present custom-house; and
[that] they be further authorized and empowered
to so arrange the buildings for said offices and
purpose[s] as may, in their judgment, best pro-
mote the public convenience: Provided, That the
expenses incident to such change and arrange-
ment of the buildings shall not exceed the sum
already appropriated for any or all of such pur-
poses, and any additional sum that may be re-
ceived for the building and ground herein author-
ized to be sold: And provided further, That should
it be deemed best to sell the said court building
and lot of ground, the President of the United
States may cause the same to be sold after due
public notice.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution authorizing Com-
mander M, F. Maury to accept a Gold Medal
awarded to him by the Emperor of Austria.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Commander M. F. Maury, of the
United States Navy, be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to accept the great gold medal of the arts
and sciences recently presented to him by his
Majesty the Emperor of Austria.
Approved, June 5, 3858.
No. 23.—A Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of War to expend the Appropriation made July
eight, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, upon
such Channel of the St. Mary's river as ho
may select.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the appropriation of July eighth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, made for the im-
provement of St. Mary's river, m the State of
Michigan, may be expended m excavating such
channel as, from the evidence which he may ob-
tain, the Secretary of War shall deem best.
Approved, June 9, 1858.
PRIVATE ACTS.
Chap. II.—An Act tu authorize the issuing of a
Register to the Bark Jehu.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the bark Jehu, a Dominican vessel, lately
called the "Naiad Queen," which vessel was
sold to Daniel Draper and Son, of Boston, to
pay for expenses and repairs incurred on her in
the United States.
Approved, January 23, 1858.
Ciiap. VII.—An Act to amend " An Act for the
Relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others."
Re it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act for the
relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others,"
a'pproved the second day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, be so amended as that the
payments therein authorized to be made to " the
heirs of those deceased," shall be made to the ad-
ministrators and executors of those deceased.
Approved, February*27, 1858.
Chap. X.—An Act for the Relief of John Ham-
ilton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of two hundred dollars, with inter-
est from the first day of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, to John Hamilton, of Champaign
county, Ohio, in full compensation for his time
and services, &c., during his imprisonment with
the Indians, in the war of eighteen hundred and
twelve with Great Britain.
Approved, March 16, 1858.
Chap. XI.—An Act for the Relief of Doctor
Charles D. Maxwell, a Surgeon in the United
States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled, That the accounting officers of the j
Treasury be, and are hereby, required to allow !
and pay to Doctor Charles D. Maxwell, surgeon !
m the Navy of the United States, the difference |
of pay between that of a passed assistant surgeon i
and a surgeon, from the twenty-second day of s
December, eighteen hundred and forty-five, to the
seventh day of July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, being the period during which he per-
formed the duties of a surgeon and assistant sur-
geon on board the United States ship Cyane, and
that (he same be paid out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 20, 1858.
Chap. XV.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives or Assignees of James Law-
re nee
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houie of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the assignees or legal represent-
atives of James Lawrence, to whom was issued
donation certificate number three hundred and
six, (3Ut>,) under the eighth section of the act of
twenty-fouith of May, eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, entitled " An act to aid the State :
of Ohio in extending the Miami canal fxom Day-
ton to Lake Erie, and to grant a quantity of land to
said State to aid in the construction of the canals
authorized by law, and for making donations of
land to certain persons m Arkansas Territory,"
shall be authorized to relocate the same upon any
of the public lands in the State of Arkansas, sub-
ject to entry at a minimum of not more than one
j dollar ami twenty-five cents per acre: Provided,
; The said certificate shall be found to have been
issued in conformity with the said eighth section
ofthe act of twenty-fourth of May, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, and shall be located upon
legal subdivisions of land of not less than one
' quarter section.
Approved, April 19, 1858.
Chap. XVII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Owners of the Bark Attica, of Portland,
Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the owners of the bark Attica, of Portland,
Maine, out of any money in-the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of one hundred
and seventy-four dollars and sixty-two cents, be-
ing the amount imposed on said vessel as tonnage
duty, by the collector of New York, in the year
of our Lord eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, April 19, 1858.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Major
Jeremiah Y. Dashieil, Paymaster in the United
States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, authorized and directed, in settling the ac-
counts of Major Jeremiah Y. Dashieil, paymaster
in the United States Army, to credit him in the
sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and
fifteen dollars, that being the amount of public
money accidentally lost by him on the first day
of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, in at-
tempting to cross the bar of Indian river, Florida,
for the purpose of paying the troops at Fort Ca-
pron, in that State.
Approved, April 21, 1858.
Chap. XIX.—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs
of Alexander Stevenson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Treasurer of the United States
be, and he is hereby, required to pay to the legal
representatives of Alexander Stevenson, a soldier
of the revolutionary war, in trust for the heirs of
said Stevenson, the sum of six hundred and fifty-
four dollars, being the amount of money due to
said Stevenson, from the time of his enlistment,
January one, seventeen hundred and seventy-six,
until the time of his discharge, in seventeen hun
dred and eighty-three.
Approved, April 21, 1858.
Ciiap. XVI.—An Act to authorize a Register to
be issued to the Steamer Fearless."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
| cause a register to he issued for the steamer
: " Fearless,"under thatname, a foreign-built ves-
| sel, but now owned in part by J. M. Estell, of
; San Francisco, on proof satisfactory to the Sec-
| retary of the Treasury that the said steamer is
I wholly owned by a citizen or citizens of the Uni-
! ted Stated, and that the repairs put upon her in
! the United States, while owned as aforesaid, are
! equal to three fourths of said steamer's cost when
! so repaired.
' Approved, April 19, 1858.
Ciiap. XX.—An Act for the Relief of N. C.
Weems, of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the entry of the section number
sixty-eight, (68), of township number two (2)
north, of range number one (1) east, in the south-
western land .district of Louisiana, by N. C.
Weems, of that State, and patented on the first
day of September, eighteen hundred and forty-
nine, be, and is hereby,confirmed; and the Com-
missioner of the Land Office shall cause to be re-
funded any excess of money paid into the land
office in its purchase from the Government.
Approved, April 21, 1858.
Chap. XXI.—An Act for the Relief of Francis
Wlodecki.
Be U enacted by the*Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Americain Congress
assembled, That Francis Wlodecki, of Lake coun-
ty, Illinois, is hereby authorized to locate one
hundied and twenty acres of the public lands of
the United States, to be selected from any of the
public lands subject to private entry at theiate of
one dollar and a quarter per acre; and upon return
being made to the General Land Office of such
location, the President is hereby directed to issue
a patent therefor to the said Francis Wlodecki;
And it is hereby provided, That the same shall be
in full discharge for all claims which the said
Wlodecki has on the Government, arisingunder
the act of Congress approved June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, [thirty-four,] entitled
"An act granting land to certain exiles fiom
Poland."
Approved, April 21, 1858.
