1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Its object is to direct the payment to Edward N.
Kent, of New York, $20,000, in full compensation
for the perpetual use, in all the present and future
minting establishments of the United States, of the
apparatus for separating gold and other precious
metals from foreign substances, of which he is the
inventor and patentee; but he is first to secure to
the United States the perpetual use of the appa-
ratus to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let that go over.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
the report to be read? It is a short one. I think
it will satisfy everybody.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will hear the report.
The Clerk read the following report made by
Mr. Fessenden on the 9th of March:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred tlie
petition of Edwaid N. Kent, withtbc accompanying papers,
report:
That the petitioner is the inventor of an " apparatus for
separating gold and other precious metals," winch has been
securcd to him by letters patent, dated December 4, 1855,
and February 26,1856, respectively.
Mr. Butterworth, Superintendent of the Assay Office at
New York, m a letter to the chairman of your committee,
dated Jariuaiy 20, 1857, aays :
" in the operations of melting and refining, a considerable
portion of the precious metals will he tenipoianly absorbed
by the crucibles and fluxed, arid mixed with the ashes of
the furnaces and the sweepings of the floors. A large
amount of material thus accumulate, fiom which, by some
method, the precious metal mu^t be reeoveied. The amount
ton-! recovered at this office is about iwo handled thousand
dollars per year. A portion stiil remains, however, mixed
Willi Hit; materials which have been subjected to the pro-
cesses employed. This residuum is technically termed
«s-.veep,5 and it has been the practice of the Government to
sell this sweep to the smelters of this country and of Eu-
rope.''
It has been proved to your committee that the method
employed m minting operations, pteviously to the invention
and employment ol'JNIr Kent's operations, for the purpose
of recovering the piecious metals, thus accumulated, was
exceedingly imperfect and defective. It was veiy prejudi-
cial to the health of poisons exposed to the ope.ation, by
reason of the large (juantilies oi line dun liberated in sifting;
so much so, in one instance, as to cause death. It was ex-
pensive, requiring a large amount of labor, crucibles, and
fluxes; and it occasioned a very coih-ideiable percentage
of jeaily loss on the " sweep" t>old, namely, about ten to
twelve eent^ per pound.
Mr. KontVapp uatus was introduced, at hjsrequest, into
the assay office at New Voik, in July 185.), with a view
of testing its merits. It wan denned by the inventoi to
Jensen, or avoid, all the difficulties above stated, patticu-
larly, by recoveiing a much larger portion of the precious
metal i from their admi.xtuie with the substance-*, so to im-
poverish the sweep a? to diminish the peieentage of loss
on its sale.
The apparatus proved so successful, m ail particular, as
to induce the Duecior of the Mint at Philadelphia todnect
an examination and repoit upon its merits. The report
was of so faun able a ehaiacter as to lead to its subsequent
intiririuction, with the approval of the Sectetary of the
Treasury, into the principal minting establishments of the.
United States, in all of which it has since continued in
constant u-e.
The testimony fui niched by Mr. Kent, which accompa-
nies his petition and this report, conies pi medially from the
odicers of the Mint at Philadelphia, and the assav office
at New York, and establishes, to the entile satisfaction of
your committee, the great importance of the apparatus m
minting operations. It accomplices all the purposes for
winch it was designed.
Mu Butterworth, in the communication befoie cited,
says :
" Mr. Kent's invention effects a saving of two thuds the
labor roquticd by the old ptoeess; it piipei^ede* almost en-
tirely the expensive opeiations of (luxMig, owing to the
thoroughness with which it sepaiates the precious metals
from the sweeps; and, by lnipovcushing the sweeps to
one tenth their tormer value, it cffcct* a very m.uru.'l dim-
inution of the Iosh on their <=nle in the market. I am sat-
isfied that the saving to tiie Government, effected by All.
Kent's invention, at this olhce alone, is about m\ thousand
dollars per vear."
The evidence is equally conducive, that. by avoidimr the
dry sifting, this apparatus relieves the woikmen fiom all the
deleteriouseffects upon health produced by the old piocc-s.
By calculations made at the Mint and assay office, theio
can be no reasonable doubt that the saving to the Govern-
ment effected by Mr. Kent's appaiatus, at those two estab-
lishments, will amount,in the fourteen years of his patent,
to a sum exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars. Estimating an equal saving at the other establish-
ments, which the witnesses assume to be a fair basis of cal-
culation,the whole benefitdeuvedby the Government from
this important invention, during the continuance of the pat-
ent, will exceed two hundied and loity thousand dollars.
It is quite obvious that the u^eof Mr. Kent's apparatus is
of too much importance and value to be dispensed with in
the minting operations of the Government. It is equally
obvious that it can only be used legally with his consent.
Were it otherwise, theie isnoteason why the United States
should not afford him a just and leasonable compensation
for great benefits received through his labor and ingenuity.
One ot the witnesses, (Mr. Terry,) who has been connected
with the assay ofhee from its commencement, says in a let-
ter to Mr. Kent: '£ Your apparatus is constructed on the
soundest principles of mecbanpal and chemical science;
and is, I think, haidly sii-cephble of much impiovemcnt."
All the principal officers eonnected with both the estab-
lishments bdoie named concur m the opinion that Mr.
Kent is honestly entitled to remuneration, and that the con- |
tinued use of his apparatus in all the minting operations of
the United States cannot be dispensed with.
The case is not without precedent. The sum of $2,500
wa3 heretofore appropriated by Congress for the purchase
of the perpetual right to use, in the Mint and branch mints
of the United States, an apparatus invented hy Tiufus Tyler
for counting coins.— United States Statutes, vol. v., p. 688.
The petitioner thinks that he is entitled to receive fiom
the Government the amount of $20,000 for the perpetual
right, to use his apparatus in all the minting establishments
of the United States. Taking into consideration the great
benefits conferred, the fact that this sum is only one twelfth
of the amount which will be actually saved to the Govern-
ment through his instrumentality, and the very limited com-
pensation which he will be likely to leceive from other
quarters, your committee think his demand not unreason-
able, and accordingly report a bill for his relief.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am satisfied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A little verbal amend-
ment ia suggested by the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Biggs,] which ought, perhaps, to be
made. He suggests that there may possibly be a
claim for the past use of the apparatus. The
amendment is to make it read, " for theuso here-
tofore and the perpetual use hereafter."
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RUFUS DWINEL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel, directing
the payment of $11,748 03, interest on a claim
formerly allowed to him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that lie over.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let the report be read, and
perhaps the Senator will be satisfied.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have read the report. It
can be discussed afterwards.
The bill was passed over.
Mr. HENJAM1N subsequently :uid: A few
moments ago I objected to the eonsuici atton of the
bill (S. No. 189) for the relief of Ilufus Dwinel.
I have since run over the report, and I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. STUART. I am opposed to going back.
PIERRE CRIGNON.
The bill (S. No. 190) for the confirmation of a
certain land claim in favor of Pierre Grignon, or
his legal representatives, was read a second time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm m favor of Pierre Grig-
non,\>r his legal representatives, the claim to a
certain tract of land situated on the west side of
Fox uvcr, Green Hay, Wisconsin, immediately
below the first creek thar empties into the river,
and having a fiout of about fifteen acres, with
such depth as shall suOlce to make the whole tract
equal to six hundred and forty superficial acres;
but the act is only to be construed to vest in Gng-
non, or his representatives, the rights, title, and
interest in the land now held or possessed by the
United States, and not in anyway to impair any
bona fide rights, interest, or claims, acquired by
any other person under adverse giants, conces-
sions, or purchases, made prior to the passage of
the act.
Mr. ICING. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state in a word what
the case is. This is a claim for land which was
reported for confirmation under the law providing
for the confirmation of private titles in Michigan
Territory. This particular tract was excluded
from confirmation because it was within the lim-
its of a military reservation. The Secretary of
i War now reports that it is no longer required for
military purposes. It was only excluded on that
ground, and of course it is proper the claimant
should now be confirmed in his title. That is the
whole case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New York insist on the reading of the
report?
Mr. KING. No, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STUIIGES, BENNETT AND CO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 12y from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Sturgf^, Bennett & Co., merchants of the city
of New York, which was leported on adversely
by the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is an adverse report
on that bill. Let it be passed over. It can be
taken up afterwards.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 41) for the
relief of Manuel Liza, Joachim Liza, and others,
and to provide for the location of certain confirmed
private land claims, which was reported by the
Committee on Private Land Claims, with an
amendment to strike out all of the original bill,
and insert, as a substitute, the following:
That the decisions in favor of certain land claimants
heiein made by the recorder of land titles in the States of
Missoun and the two commissioners associated with hnn,
bv virtue of an act entitled " An act for the final adjust-
ment of private land claims in Missouri," approved July 9,
1833, and act supplemental thereto, approved March 2,
1833, as enteied in die transcript of decisions transmitted
by the said recorderandcommissionois to the Commission-
ers of the General Land Office; which paid claims are
named and numbered as follows : Manuel de Liza, No. 33 ;
John Coontz and Hempstead, No. 44; Matthew Saucier,
No. 57; Chailes Tayon, No. 67; the sous of Joseph M.
Pepin, No. 74; LouisLorimicr,No.87; Baitholemew Cous-
in , No 89 ;I\Tanuel Gonzales Moro, No. 95; Seneca Rawlins,
No. 10-1; William L.Long, No. 106; Joachim Liza, No.
133; Francis Lacombe, No. 34; Israel Dodge, No. 338, Jo-
seph Silvain, No. 293 ; John P. Cabanis, No 2^8; William
Hartley, No. 301 ; Andrew Chevalier, No. 292; William
Morn^on, No. 307 ; Solomon Bcllew, No. 308; Paschal
Detchemcndez, No. 303; Baptist Amurc, No. 310; Alex-
ander Maurice, No. 323; John Baptiste Vallee, No. 334;
said decisions above named being in the first class of claims
acted upon by said boaid; also the claim of Regis Loisel,
No. 6, in the second class acted on by said boaid, be, and
the same are hereby, confirmed to the respective claimants
oi their legal representatives.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the decisions ir\
favor of land claimants made by P. Gumc«, Joshua Lews,
and Thomas B. Robertson, commissioners appointed to ad-
just pnvate land claims in the eastern district of the Terri-
toiy of Oilcans, communicated to the House of Repiecent-
ativos by the Secretary of the Treasury, on the 9th dav of
Januaty, 1812, and which is found in thcAmencan Stale
Papers, Public Lands, (Duff Gieen's edition,) volume tu o,
fiom page 224 to367, inclusive, be, and the same are lieieby,
continued, savin? and reserving, however, to all advcise
claimants the right to assert the validity of then claims m
a emu tor couits of justice. Provided, hoivcicr, That any
cla.m so recommended .for confirmation, but which may
have been rejected, m whole or in part, by any sub-equent
board of commissioners, be, and the same is hereby, spe-
cially excepted from confirmation.
Sj:c. 3. And be it further enacted, That the locations au-
thorized by the preceding section shall be entered with the
regtsfei of the proper land office, who s>hall, on application
foi that puipose, make out foi such claimant, or his legal
lepicseutatives, (as the case may be,) a ceitilicate of loca-
tion,winch shall be transmitted to the Commissioner ot the
General Land Office ; and if it shall appear to the tatisfac-
tion of the said Commissioner that said certificate has been
fairly obtained, according to the true intent and meaning of
this act, then, and in that case, patents shall be i-sued for
the land so located, as m other eases; and for cach and
every ceitificate, as aforesaid, issued by the register of any
land office, he shall rcceive the sum of one dolhu ; that in
all eases where any pnvutc land claim lias been confirmed
by Congress, and the same, in whole or m part, has not been
located or satisfied, cither for want of a specific location
piior to such confirmation, or lor any reason whatsoever,
other than a discovciy of fraud in such claim subsequent to
such confirmation, it shall be the duty of the sui vejor gen-
eial of the distiict in which such claim was situated, upon
satisfactoiy proof that such claim has been so confnmed,
and that the same, in whole oi in part, remains unsatisfied,
to issue to the claimant, or his legal representatives, a cei-
tificate of location for a quantity of land equal to that so
conliimed and unsatisfied ; which ceitificate may bo located
upon any of the public lands of the United States, subject
to sale at private entry, at a price not exceeding $1 2.5 per
acie: Provided, That such location shall confoim tu legal
divisions and siib-division«.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the register of
the proper land office, upon the location of such certificate
shall i^fcue to the pei-on entitled theieto a ceitificate of
entry, upon which, if it shail appear to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office that such cer-
tificate has been tauly obtained, accoidmg to the tiue intent
and meaning of tins act, a patent shall issue, as m other
cases.
Mr. POLK. T wish to add an amendment which
I suppose will be acceptable to the Senator from
Louisiana, the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims. I wish to call his attention
to it. In the substitute as reported, in line thir-
teen of section three, I propose to insert after the
word "cases" the words " of confirmation by tlus
act or," so that the clause will read, " That in all
cases of confirmation by this act, or where any
private land claims," &c.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amenacd,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third Ume, and passed.
