1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2647
under the direction of the President of the United States, to
cause to be sold such military sites, belonging to the United
States, as may have been found or become useless for mil-
itary purposes. And the Secretary of War is hereby author-
ized, on the payment of the consideration agreed for, into
ilie Treasuiy of the United States, to make, execute, and
deliver all needful instruments, conveying and transferring
the same m fee; and the jurisdiction, which had been
specially ceded for military purposes to the United States,
by a State, ovei such site or sites, shall thereafter cease."
The act of 1857, amendatory of the act of March
3, 1819, is as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act
approved March 3, 1819, entitled 1 An act authorizing the
sale of certain military sites,' be, and they are hereby, ex •
tended to all military sites, or to such parts thereof which
are, or may become,useless for militaiy purposes : Provided,
nevertheless, That nothing m this act, nor in the act above
mentioned, shall be so construed as to impair in any wise
the right of the State within which any such site or reserva-
tion may be situated to impose taxes on the same, in like
manner as upon other lands or property owned by individ-
uals within the State, after such sale."
It is claimed that this latter act is not applicable;
for that the sale was made under the provisions
of that of 1819. Each of these acts authorizes the
Secretary of War, under the direction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to cause to be sold such
military sites as have bevnfound, or as have becomc,
useless for military purposes. The act of 1857—
which, as I have already stated, is to be regarded
as inapplicable—varies in the language prescrib-
ing the contingency upon which the sale is au-
thorized. It is, perhaps, broad enough, literally
construed, to authorize the sale of any military site
which may become useless for military purposes, or
of such parts of any military sites which are use-
less, or which may become useless. The argument
addressed to us in the report of the minority of
the committee is, that the military site at Fort
Snelling had actually bccome useless, and had
been found useless prior to the order for its sale.
It may, I think, well be questioned whether
either of these acts ought to be deemed applicable
to the cases of military sites existing in our Ter-
ritories. Does not each of them by its terms con-
template that the military sues or reservations
authorized to be sold, in the event of their use less-'
ness having been established, shall be such, and of
course such only, as those existing within the ju-
risdiction of a State? The act of 1819 declares that
the jurisdiction which had been specially ceded for
military purposes to the United States by a State
over such site or sites shall cease. Has it not, there-
fore, manifest reference to the cases of military
sites of which a cession for military purposes had
been derived from a State? The case of Fort
Snelling, in the Territory of Minnesota, does not
answer that description. No State had ceded to
the United States jurisdiction for military pur-
poses over the site; nor was there then any State
to which the jurisdiction could be retrocecled by
the United States upon a sale. The term " reser-
vation^ is not found m the act of 1819. This word
first appears in the proviso attached to the act of
1857. But the language of this proviso seems to
contemplate that the " reservation" to which the
act applies shall be one situated within a State
whose general power of taxation might be re-
stricted or impaired but for the special provision.
I am not unmindful that the intended meaning
of an act of Congress may be ascertained by ref-
erence to cotemporaneous acts of the Govern-
ment; and that a state of things existing at the time
of its passage, may be referred to as indicative of
the remedial purpose of the act. I am not in-
formed by either of these reports what particular
military sites were, at the time of its passage, de-
signed to be alienated under the law of 1819. As
to" the law of 1857, we have more light. I am
quite satisfied that the mischief intended to be
remedied by that act, was that resulting to par-
ties desirous to purchase by reason of the pro-
prietorship of the General Government; and that
the reservation referred to in the proviso, was the
military reservation at Fort Snelling. It is to be re-
marked that this act of 1S57 was probably passed
by this House without the knowledge of perhaps
any persons beyond the circle charged with the
accomplishment of the purpose.
It turns out, upon inquiry, that in respect of
this, as may, perhaps, be justly said of very much :
of the general legislation of the country, it crept1
noiselessly and stealthily into a bill making ap-'
propriations for the support of the Army; and
thai, too, upon a report of a committee of confer-
ence. It is, therefore, one of those instances which
may, perhaps, for aught I can tell,justify are-
mark made a few days ago, in my hearing, by a
distinguished gentleman upon this side of the
House, that a very great part ef the legislation of
the House comes within the designation of <fan
accident, a blunder, or a swindle."
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman that this sale took place under the act of
1819, and not under the act of 1857; and further,
that upon the recommendation of the Secretary-
of War, Hon. Jefferson Davis, a bill has been
pending in this body for three years prior to the
passage of this act, for the very objects contem-
plated by this section of this appropriation bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Sol understand
it, and therefore I have proposed to examine
thejaw of 1819 for the purpose of ascertaining
whether, by its fair legal construction, it author-
ized the sale; and I wish here to be expressly
understood that the point I have presented is one
which 1 do not raise with entire confidence of its
accuracy. It is in my judgment a doubtful legal
question on which 1 do not think this House
need pass, but which should, 1 think, be trans-
mitted to the Secretary of War and the Attorney
General that, upon a review of the case, they may,
if they shall be so advised, procure the decision
of a legal tribunal upon the question, if the House
shall be of the opinion that there is doubt on the
subject. I have not failed to observe that when
in 1856 application was made by the present
honorable Senator from Minnesota, Mr. llicc, to
the late Secretary of War, Mr. Davis, that the
sale of the reservation at Fort Snelling bo author-
ized, such application was declined by the late
Secretary of War, not upon the ground that a
further act of Congress wax essential to author-
ize him to make the sale, but upon the ground
that the reservation was still actually needed for
military purposes, and that therefore the oiler to
purchase could not be entertained. Nor am I un-
mindful that in the recommendation made by the
honorable Senator to the present Secretary of
War, on the 7th of April, 1857, that the military
reservations at Fort Snelling and Fort Ripley be
sold, the suggestion as to the sale of Fort Snell-
ing was rusted upon the law of 1819, and not
upon the law of 1857. I have therefore called
the attention of the House to the precise phrase-
ology of the act of 1819, in order that the House
may consider whether the point which I have
presented in respect of the naked power to make
the sale is, or is not well taken. I can readily
imagine that Congress should give authority to
the Executive to make sale of military sites ex-
isting in the States—while it might well hesi-
tate to authorize the alienation of those situated
nearer to the frontier, and within the confines of
a Territory. Sir, in a State there is a government
which can by its unaided power protect the rights
of person and property. There is a jurisdiction,
sir, which can maintain forts and arsenals, which •
can provide for the public defense and secure the
inhabitants against the danger of invasion, while
in the Territories of the United States, with a
spaiser population and less of the elements con-
stituting the sources of public protection, occa-
sions might arise when resort to the protection
of the military establishment of the General Gov-
ernment might become necessary.
Mr. Speaker, in each of the acts of 1819 and
1857 the condition, or contingency, upon which
the power to sell is to be exercised, is specifically
declared. It is a limited power,to be strictly pur-
sued. Its construction is governed by clear, well-
defined, and well-settled rules. The condition is
express that the military sites should have first
become useless jor military purposes,
Mr. HUGHES. As the gentleman has drawn
a distinction between military reservations out-
side of States and those inside, I desire him to say
where he derives the power of the Secretary of
War to acquire such a reservation as this, and if
the very same source from which he derives the
power to acquire such a reservation would not
give him a power to sell it?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will reply to
that interrogatory by saying that no one of the
executive officers of the Government has the
power to sell, without the authority of Congress,
one shilling's worth of the public property. They
do not own it. The title is not vested in them,
and they have no power to sell it. I haVe not till
now heard that it is pretended by any one that the
power to make the sale existed, unless it is to be
found in the plain language of the acts of Congress
to which I have referred. If the act of 1857 can
be rightfully construed to authorize the Secretary
of War to alienate any military site which may at
some future lime become useless, and the absolute
power of determining the fact of future useless-
ness is commuted to him, some future Secretary
of War may sell Fort Hamilton or Governor s
Islandathisplcasure, and the transaction be valid.
He may traffic away any one of our sea-board
defenses; and if the power to sell, and the discre-
tion which is to control its exercise is*abso!ute,
and the terms of sale and mode of sale adopted in
the case of Fort Snelling are approved, we may
wake up some morning to find that we have been
deprived of our national defenses, and that the
national Treasury has not profited by their sale.
Mr. Speaker, what does the term useless sig-
nify? Does it not mean incurable of use 9 Is the
term " useless" equivalent to wie term unoccupied ?
Was not the term " useless" designed to describe
an old dilapidated fort, decayed and fallen, with
the ivy creeping over its battlements, long since
abandoned, because useless and good for nothing
for military purposes? Because a fort is unoccu-
pied it does not necessarily follow that it is use-
less. Arc Fort Hamilton and Fort Schuyler, if
peradventure at this moment almost unoccupied,
of necessity useless? Or does the term uselesst
as employed in the act, fairly mean incapable of
use for military purposes' or any one of the pur-
poses which, without violence of construction,
may be deemed a military purpose?
But while I dissent from the conclusions of the
minority of the committee as to the question of
the power which has been sought to be exercised,
I still concede the full force of the argument that
the act of an executive officer, to whom a power
is confided by law, is not subject to be reversed
because of the opinions of others not intrusted
with the responsibilities of office.
If the act of Congress in question had conferred
upon the Secretary of War the privilege of de«
teimining, at his own discretion, that a military
site had becomc useless, and upon such determin-
ation subjected it to immediate sale, there would
be an end of all question as to power. But I do
not so construe it. The power does not come into
existence until the event has transpired which
constitutes the contingency upon which the power
is to become active.
In the ease of any of our military sites, the
President of the United States, as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army, may direct their occupa-
tion or their abandonment. But I am not satisfied
that the removal of troops, munitions of war, or
stores, from a military post, and its consequent
abandonment, is equivalent to the incapacity for
military use which can alone justify its alienation.
But to resolve censuie upon the Secretary of
War for his exercise of judgment in this case,
assuming the same to be erroneous, is to bestow
equal censure upon the President. The act of
1819 prescribes that the power of sale therein
conferred shall be exercised by the Secretary of
War only under the direction of the President;
and we are to presume that it has been so exer-
cised.
The record before us shows that, in the month
of July succeeding the suh1, the same was ap-
proved by the President. Neither the President
or Secretary is to be deemed responsible for the
particular mode of sale; but the ratification by the
President, though without the knowledge of the
facts since developed, must be regarded as his offi-
cial sanction of the preliminary action of the Secre-
tary of War directing the sale. Now, if the Pres-
ident of the United States, in the exercise of his
prerogative as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
has deemed it proper to approve the sale of the
military reservation at Fort Snelling, is it just to
the Secretary of War, under whose more imme-
diate direction the sale was mode, to pronounce
him chargeable with grave official fault, because
of the conduct of those to whom he intrusted tho 5
management of the details?
My conclusion on this subject of power is, that
it is at least doubtful whether, in the first place,
the act of Congress of 1819 is applicable at all;
and, if it be applicable, whether the contingency
had actually aiisen in which alone this special
power could have been rightfully exercised. But
I cannotconsentto subject any officer-of the Gov-
