1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
nary remarks which I have reduced to writing,
which have reference more particularly to the
aif.iirs of my own State.
[Ones of "Go on, we want to hear that!" "No,"
"No!"]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to that.
Mr. HUGHES. Now, sir, I hope we shall
have no more talk about courtesy. Iwill read
those preliminary remarks. I did not desire to
inflict upon the House a written speech after the
numerous examples I have had before me for the
last two weeks. But since I cannot be permitted
to reach my constituents in any other mode, I
shall adopt that course, though it may deprive me
of some of that time which I would otherwise have
devoted to the real inei its of the subject before the
House.
The speeches made here are addressed either
to th<"> House, or, as the phrase goes, "to the coun-
try." I will not promise that I shall say nothing
directed especially to my constituents, or to that
great public whose judgment is justly formidable,
both to authors and speakers; but 1 do say that f
shall speak to the country through the House, for
what is most practical and best adapted to illus-
trate the measures under consideration here be-
fore the Representatives of the people, is best
worthy the attention of the people themselves.
Mi. GROW. Irise toaquestion of order. The
gentleman is not confining himself to the subject
under consideration, and as the gentleman has
been so anxious to have the debate strictly con-
fined to the pending question before the House, I
think he should be"governed by that rule.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair will endeavor to
keep the gentleman within the rule.
Mr. HUGL-IES. Representing a portion of the
people of a State in this Union, whose govern-
ment has been almost subverted, and whose con-
stitution has been tiampled under foot, through
frauds upon the ballot-box, perpetrated in 1856,
by tins same Republican party which professes
so much purity and love of liberty, I claim to be
second to none in zeal for the rights of the peo-
ple and sacred regard for the freedom of elections.
Mr. GROW. 1 rise again, sir, to a question of
order. Any frauds committed in the gentleman's
district in Indiana, are not pertinent to this mes-
sage; but any frauds that have been committed in
Kansas would be pertinent; and, therefore, I hold
such lemaiks are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chaircannotundertake
to say that the remarks of the gentleman from In-
diana are not in order. The gentleman may have
introduced those remarks for the purpose of illus-
tration. The Chair cannot determine at this stage
of the gentleman's remarks, whether they are m
order or out of order.
Mr. GROW. I will withdraw my point of or-
der, for perhaps the subject of frauds may be very
pertinent to this message.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope the Chair will bear in
mind how much of the gentleman's time is taken
up by these interruptions.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana to give way to me, that
I may move that the House adjourn. 1 am per-
. fectly satisfied that no good can come out of this
proceeding.
Mr. GROESBECK. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not meet with a single further
interruption in the course of ms speech. 1 hope
he will be alloyed to have his full hour, and that
the Speaker "will not deduct from it the time which
has boon taken up in these interruptions.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I second that
suggestion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
move an adjournment, in order that the gentle-
man may have a fair opportunity of speaking. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw his motion, and let us
have the speech of the gentleman from Indiana
this evening.
[Cries of " Order!" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I recognize no liberty in this
country but that which is obedient to liw, and
I repudiate and detest both that mischievous
fanaticism which, in the name of freedom, incites
to anarchy, and the turbulent revolutionary and
corrupt practices which are its legitimate fruits.
Of these, the State of Indiana has had enough
within her own borders; and I think it likely her
people will deem it wise to settle that account
before they exercise any supervision over the
affairs of Kansas. Sir, do you know that, at this
moment, the State government of Indiana is being
carried on without revenue or appropriation laws;
that, for want of the necessary assessment Jaws,
no taxes have been levied; that the munificent
charities of the State were for a time defeated, and
the helpless inmates of her institutions turned out
upon the world; that, at the time appointed for
the meeting of her Legislature, an organized mob
took possession of her Senate Chamber, attempted
to depose the presiding officer, and, inspired by
the presence, within the bar, of General James
H. Lane, commander-in-chief of the army of free-
dom, enacted such outrages as very shame forbid
them even to mention on their journal? Do you
know that they inducted into office three pre-
tended Senators, who claimed their seats in virtue
of frauds established since by the testimony of
Republican witnesses, and unsurpassed in Kan-
sas; and having thus obtained control of one
branch of the State Legislature, made use of then-
usurped power for the subversion of the govern-
ment ? These things are true, sir, as set forth in
the resolutions of the Democratic State conven-
tion of Indiana:
" 9 Resolved, That we arraign the Black Republican
paity of Indiana before tin1 people, foi sustainingthu mem-
bers of that paity m the la-a Legislature of this Slate in the
commission oi the following enormous outrages upon pub-
lic and puvate lights:
L. Creating a (evolution in the first step towards the
oigauixation ot the Senate, and violating the constitution
and the law bv attempting to supplant the legal presiding
ollieci oi that body with one of their owniuimbci.
ki2. Refusing in open delianeeof tin* constitution and in
flagiant violation ot their oaths to meet in joint convention
and be piesent at the canvass of votes lor Governor and
Lieutenant Govemoi. when counted by the Speaker of the
House ot llepiesentatives.
"3 Meeting without a quorum and without a presiding
officer, and expelling the Senator from Clarke county,
theieby making a mockery of the constitution, breaking
their oaths as Senators, and in all their council* calling to
their aid the evil pptrit of anaicby which has m every age
involved nations in bloodshed and overthrow.
" 4. Voting mote than one hundred time*, by a strict party
vote, against appropiiafing money to defray the expenses
of the benevolent institutions of the State, thereby closing
the doors of chanty, and sending the dear, the dumb, the
blind, and the insane abroad in the world, without that pro-
tection which humanity dictates, and which Indiana gives
to them
"5. Voting more than one hundred limes, oy a strict party
vote, aaain^t a revenue bill and an assessment bilhtheieby
attempting to prostrate the State government; to bring her
into dishonor at home anil abioad, by failing to pay the m-
teicn on the State debt, as piovided fot :uid made obliga-
tory by the constitution, and inflicting other and most griev-
ous iniiMice upon hei citizens.
"6. 'fi-'luMngto join and austin the election of Senators
in Congiea-s, tlieieiiy netting at naught the will of the ma-
loritv of the voters of hidiauaas expressed at the ballot-box,
October 14, 1856.
" 7. Attempting, a? far as in their power lay, to legalize
gross, palpable, and wicked fiauds upon the elective fran-
chise ; recognizing and receivjnghom the counties of Itu&h,
Fountain, and M.uion, person* as Senatois conclusively
proven m legal investigations to have been elected by ille
gal, lined, and peijured voters; stifling the voice of inquiry
into their pretended and u-uiped right to their seats as Sen-
aiors, in the lace of legally instituted content-* in each in
stance. Thus alone enabling the paity to which the said
spurious and illegally cleetcd Senatois belonged, to inflict
their spuit of misrule upon the State; and finally sending
forth to the woild a forgery upon the journals ot the Senate
by which to cover up their high handed villainy, and avert
ffom themselves, if possible, me just indignation of all hon-
est men."
Here are extracts from the majority report of
the Committee on Elections on the election frauds
m Rush county, Indiana:
" Mi Speaker : The majority of the Committee on Elec-
tions. to whom was referred the, matter of the ^onte^ted
election of Rush county, m winch Samuel McBnde is a
contestant, and Leomdas Sexton conte&tee, would report
to the. House of Representatives that they have endeavored
to in-titute a carelul and thoiough examination into the
frauds alleged to have been committed m the petition sub-
mitted to them by the contestant. They have in their pos-
session depositions taken in lelation to the matter by both
parties, copies of which are heiewith submitted, Together
with the evidence given by the'witnesses who have testi-
fied before the committee. Being clothed with the usual
powers 1 to send tor persons and papers,5 they pioceeded
to Miimnou those persons whom they had reason to believe
were cognizant of the facts bearing on the case. From the
nature of the case, the witnesses were, of course, chiefly
members of that party alleged to have committed the frauds.
In the discharge of iheir dn'v the committee desiied
to hasten the examination of witnesses, with a view to be
able to make an uaily lepoit to the Legislature. The only
material facts elicited will be found to be embraced in tire
testimony of the first witnesses summoned. The formation"
of a combination to carry the elections of Rash county by
fiaud, is by these witnesses clearly proved, and the exist-
ence of the oiganization established.
" By the evidence of Messrs. Ray,Spriggs,and Williams,
examined early, certain prominent members or tftfc Repub-
lican party being clearly implicated, a summons was issued
for them, but no efforts were successful to bring them before'
the committee. The vvnt of subpena was utterly disre-
garded. and even an attachment, duly issued by the Speaker
of the House for contempt iti failing to appear, had w> better
effect. One gentleman so much feared to make disclosures
within his knowledge, that, when m custody of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, he broke his parol of honor, and fled .to
Kentucky. Others left their homes, visiting other distant
States. Your committee believe, and here confidently as-
sert, that if the actors in these frauds eOuld have been com-
pelled to come forward and testify, a conspuacy ef a char-
acter heretofore unknown for its extentandcharaeter,would
have been laid bare. Enough has been developed by the
evidence herewith submitted, to implicate men considered
heretofore of the highest respectability, and prominent mom-
beis of the Republican party of Wayne and the adjoining
counties, in devising and carrying out plans calculated to
pollute the ballot box, and render the election of members
of the Legislature a matter to be controlled by money. Not
the least important result of these investigations is the es-
tablishment of the fact, that this fraudulent arrangement
extended far beyond Rush county. From the evidence,
your committee have no doubt thatthe same foul and cor-
rupt means succeeded in several other counties, but panic-
ulaily in the county of Marion. Although, in the investiga-
tions, questions were confined to fraud in the county of Rush,
yet witnesses inadvertently disclosed these facts, and Mr.
Williams particularly testifies, that in sending young men
abroad, he sent them indiscriminately to Marion or Rush.
The contemplation of the development made is patofet,
viewed cither in relation to its extent, or the former char-
acter of those who have takeu so active a part m its consum-
mation.
" We find at least one member of the State Senate, judges,
and other functionaries not onlygivmg encouragement and
countenance to the project, but taking the lead, and active
among them was the brother of the contestee himself. Judge
Peiry clearly testifies, in his account of the meeting held in
Richmond, eftrly during the canvass, that these heaitiiy ap-
proved the plan proposed, and other witnesses prove how
well \hoy rained it into faithful execution.
'•The testimony shows that the avowed object was to
procure young men without families, citizens and voteis in
those counties having (as was the case with Wayne arid
Henry) huge Republican majorities, and induce them to mi-
grate^ a short time before the October election, into llu-di
county, to vote at that election, and having done so, their
object in going thither was accomplished, and they might
return as soon thereafter as thejfcshould choose to their place
of residence.
" The evidence conclusively points to John C. Hudelson,
clerk of Henry cncuit court, as treasurer and principal con-
tractor to furnish 'outside' voters for Rush eounty. It is
in evidence that he deposited with Watkin Williams, of
Wayne county, fifty dollars for that express purpose—that
he sent by a son of Solomon Meredith, $350 to E. !>. Spring,
of Wayne county, for a like purpose. Mr- fludclson left the
State, and has been sojourning m some of the eastern ctties
up to the present time. This makes the handsome sum of
i$400 furnished to persons in two townships only, whil« it
is clearly pioved that the same arrangement extended to
otiier townships in the same county.
"This* was not, either, the county ofMr. Iiudelson's resi-
dence; he lives m the eounty of Ucniy, which gives some fif-
teen hundred Republican majority. Many of the witnesses
from both counties say that they had plenty ofvotes to spare,
and it' Mr. iiudelson was willing to invest that sum of money
in two town-ship*, what amount did he likely expend in the
remaining townships of Wayne and Henry' His friend,
neighbor, and co laborer, Elijah Holland, was not only sub-
pen *ed, but afterwards attached, and when brought to the
city, inglonously fled, when under Ins parol of honor to the
Sergea nt-at-A rms.
"A. F. Woodcock, the depot-master, and agent at Rush-
ville fortheieception and disrnbuuon of foreign Republican
votes, has not only failed to obey the subpena to appear
before this committee, but it is in evidence that he likewise
failed, in ins own county, to appear before a justice of the
peace, to testify in this same ca*e. Mr. Hackleman swears
that he asked him if he could be compelled to attend, and
he gave his opinion that he could not.
" Mr. Joel Smith, the Republican candidate for treasurer
in Rush county, was duly subpenaed to appear before this
committee. It appears, by the testimony of Mr. Hackle-
man, that Mr. Smith was in his office, at Rushville, on Tues-
day of last week, and that he had a conversation with him
on the subject of the power of this committee to attach, and
he gave him a like opinion. Mr. Smith has, to this tune,
failed to appear. Mr. Smith was regarded as a most import-
ant witness in this case. So the committee might go on
and enumerate many other persons acting with the same
disiegard to the summons issued by this committee, ins
unnecessary to sav that this conduct is alike disrespectful
to this committee ami the House, under whose
tbev have acted It tamtsftlie case and the actors in it with
suspicion, and fives the wliole.an odor of fraud, which
deserves the unqualified condemnation and rebuke ot tne
House of Representatives."
Evidence of K. D- Sprtgz-
" E. D. Sprige, being duly sworn on oath, says : I live in
Cambridge (Jity, Wavne eounty, Indiana. It was about the
last of September or tbeftrstof October that i was in formed
that there would be some money left with me for the pur-
nose of being paid out to young men who would ao to liu-h
county to vote at the State election. This mloimation was
given me (T think) 6y Solomon Meieditb and Dr. Lemuel
Johnson. In a short time $'3.)0 vra= handed to me by Mr,
Satnuel iVIcredltll, a bon ot'Solomon Moiedilli, who resides
with ins father in Cambridge CityV Ilf told me that he re-
ceived the money lit It mglitotowu, and was directed to band
