1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
Laws of the United, States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Chap. XXII.—An Act for the Relief of Duncan
Robertson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay, from any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Duncan Robertson, the sum
of seven hundred and <forty-nine dollars and
ninety-two cents, in full for moneys paid by him
to the navy-yard at Gosport, it being the amount
expended for repairs of the Norwegian bark Ellen,
for damages encountered by said bark in aiding
and rescuing the passengers of the steamer Cen-
tral America.
Approved, May 3, 1858.
Chap. XXX.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
James Mc. Mcintosh, of the United States
Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Captain James Mc. Mcintosh, of the United
States Navy, the sum of two hundred and four
dollars and ninety-five cents, being the difference
between the sum paid to him at the Treasury, as
commander " on other duty,"and that which was
due to him &s such officer " attached to a vessel
for sea service," and being in full for his services
as an officer of the West India squadron from the
fourteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, to the third day of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-eight.
Approved, May 5, 1858.
Chap. XLI.—An Act for the Relief of John R.
Temple, of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That John R. Temple be, and he is
hereby, confirmed in his title to a tract of land
containing six hundred and seventy arpents, lying
and being within what is known as the " Baron
de Bastrop grant," on the east side of Bayou Bar-
tholemew, and more particularly described in a
plat and survey executed on the nineteenth and
twentieth days of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, by Henry Curtis; parish surveyor for the
Eansh of Morehouse, and State of Louisiana; and
eing all that part of two certain tracts of land, not
heretofore confirmed to any other claimant, as*fol-
lowa, to wit: A tract of land sold and conveyed by
the heirs of Morehouse to George Hook, by deed
dated the tenth day of December, eighteen hun-
dred and fourteen; and a certain other tract con-
veyed by Abraham Morehouse to Jacob Srioop,
son of George Stroop, by deed dated the tenth
day of December, eighteen hundred and twelve.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthe Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the re-
ceipt of a plat and survey of the land hereby con-
firmed, executed by the proper officer, shall cause a
patent to be issued therefor to the said John [R.]
Temple: Provided, however, That such patent shall
only operate as a relinquishment of title on the
part of the United States, and shall not effect the
rights of any third person.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
Chap. XLII.—An Act to authorize the Settlement
of the Accounts of Luther Jewett, late Collector
of the District of Portland and Falmouth, m the
State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amencain Congress'
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
theTreasury Department be, and they are hcieby,
authorized and directed to credit the account of
Luther Jewett, late collector of the district of
Portland and Falmouth, with the sum of one thou-
sand dollars, being for that sum lost m transitu
from said collector to be deposited with the assist-
ant treasurer at Boston.
Approved, May 18, 1858.
Chap. XLVIi.
-An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Srmthers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- J
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress J
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized to place the name
of Thomas Smithers upon the invalid pension roll
of the Army of the United States, and that he
cause to be paid to him the sum of eight dollars
per month, commencing January first, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, and such sum of eight dol-
lars per month to continue during his natural life.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. XLVIII.—An Act to revive an Act en-
titled " An Act for the Relief of the Heirs, or
their legal Representatives, of William Con-
way, deceased."
Whereas, the heirs of William Conway, de-
ceased, or their legal representatives, have never
been able to avail themselves of the provisions in
their favorcontained in an act entitled " An act for
the relief of the heirs, or their legal representatives,
of William Conway, deceased," partly because of
some error or mistake as to the location of the por-
tion of the lands applied for under the act, and
partly because of the existence of a legal contro-
versy between the parties in interest under the
provisions of said act; Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ameiicain Congress
assem&Jed, That the said act entitled " An act for
the relief of the heirs, or their legal representa-
tives, of William Conway, deceased," approved
July second, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, be,
and the same is hereby, revived and continued in
force for one year from the passage of this act,
and no longer.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Ciiap. XLIX.—An Act for the Relief of the Rep-
resentatives of William Smith, deceased, late
of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the claim of William Smith to six
hundred and forty acres of land, now occupied by
William B. Allen, in the parish of Livingston, in
the State of Louisiana, and being the same here-
sided on at the time of his death, and settled ori-
ginally by Stephen Terry, and represented on the
map of surveys as section number thirty-nine,
(39), in township number six (6) south, of range
number three (3) east; and section number sixty,
(CO), in township number six (G) south, of range
number two (2) east, be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed to the said William Smith and to his
heirs and representatives, and that a patent shall
issue therefor, as in other ceass: Provided, That
this act shall only operate as a relinquishment
forever on the part of the United States to said
lands, and shall not interfere with adverse valid
rights of others, if such exist.
Approved, May 24,1858.
Chap. L —A n Act for the Relief of the Heirs and
legal Representatives of Pierre Rroussard, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the heirs and legal representatives
of Pierre Broussard, deceased, late of Louisiana,
be, and they are hereby, confirmed in their title
to a certain tract of land situated on the Bayou
Teche, in the parish of St. Martin, in said State
of Louisiana, and known on the recognized pub-
hesurveys as section thirty-six, (36), in township
eight (8) south, of range five (5) east, containing
about one hundred and seventy acres: Provided,
That this confirmation shall only operate as a re-
linquishment of uilo on the part of the United
States, and shall not affect any adverse rights, if
any such there be.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LI. —An Act for the Relief of Regis Loisel,
or his legal Representatives.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the said Regis Loisel, or his legal
representatives, be, and they are hereby, con-
firmed in their title to a certain tract of land ceded
by Don Carlos Dthault Delassus, Spanish Gov-
ernorof Upper Louisiana, on the twenty-fifth day
of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred, t<J Re-
gis Loisel, situate in what was then known as
Upper Louisiana, on the Missouri river, including
Cedar Island, as the same was surveyed on the
twentieth November, anno Domini eighteen hun-
dred and five, by Antonio Soulard, surveyor gen-
eral for the Territory of Louisiana, according to
the plat now on file in the archives of the Mis-
souri district. But it is provided that if said tract
of land, confirmed as aforesaid, or any part there-
of, has been located by any other person or per-
sons, under any law of the United States, or has
been surveyed and sold by the United States, this
act shall confer no title to such lands in opposition
to the rights acquired by such location or pur-
chase; but the said Loisel, or his legal represent-
atives, shall be permitted to make a relocation on
an equal amount of the public lands as may be
taken by such location or purchase, that may be
subject to entry at private sale, at a price not to
exceed one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre;
and the surveyor general for the district of Mis-
souri shall issue a certificate to authorize the
same.
Sec,. 2. Jindbeit further enacted, That the loca-
tion authorized by this act shall be entered with
the register of the proper land office, who shall,
on application for that purpose, make out a cer-
tificate of such location as in other cases; and if
it shall appear to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office that said certificate has been ob-
tained according to the provisions of this act, then
patents shall issue as in other cases: And it is
further provided, That if it shall be found that said
tract of land, confirmed as aforesaid, has not been
located by any other person or persons, or has
not been sold by the United States as aforesaid,
that, in that case, a patent shall be issued for the
same as in other cases.
Approved, May£4, 1858.
Chap. LII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
44 An Act granting a Pension to Ansel Wilkin-
son," approved August thirteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the "act granting a pension to
Ansel Wilkinson," approved August thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty six, be so amended
that the word " Ansel" shall read Jlsel wherever
the same occurs m said act.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LIII.—An Act to increase the Pension of
John Richmond.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howie of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the two-third pension heretofore
allowed to John Richmond, of the State of Mas-
sachusetts, a private in the war of eighteen hun-
dred and twelve, be, and the same is hereby,
raised to a full pension.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted by the authority
aforesaid, That the benefits accruing to the said
John Richmond under and by virtue of this act,
shall commence January one, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, and continue for and during his
natural life.
Approved, May 24, 1858.
Chap. LIY.—An Act for the Relief of Pierre
Gagnon, of Natchitoches, Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales'oJ America in Congress
assembled, That Pierre Gagnon be allowed to enter
and pay for his preemption claim to the northeast
and southeast fractional quarters of section num-
| ber seven, in township number nine north, of
range numbersix west, containing aboutone hun-
dred and eighty-mnc acres, m the land office at
Natchitoches, ilouisiana, and that a patent issue
therefor as in ordinary eases: Provided, however,
That [neither] this right of entry, nor any patent
issued under it, shall prejudice any valid adverse
claim, should such exist.
Approved, May 24,1858.
