1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
a; s. h. white.
The bill (S. No. 195) for the relief of Ash ton
S. H. White, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. Its pur-
pose is to allow to A. S. H. White ยง561 02, in
full for his services as assistant secretary to sign
land patents under an appointment from President
Pierce, of date of December 12, 1856, from that
date to February 27, 1857.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 396) authorizing the Domestic and Foreign
Missionary Socicty of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in the United States to enter a certain
tract of land in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. BIGGS. I object to that bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
North Carolina to let the report be read. It is
only live or six lines.
Mr. BIGGS. I have no objection to the read-
ing of the report; but I am opposed to the prin-
ciple of the bill. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
As the Senator objects to the bill, it will be passed
over.
JOSEPH HARDY AND ALTON LONG.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 198) for the relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton
Long.
Mr. STUART. That is a case to which I in-
terposed objection the other day. 1 ask that it
be laid over.
The bill was laid over.
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD, AND COMPANY.
The bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of Living-
ston, Kinlcead, Company, was lead a second
time, and eonsideied as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its purpose is to authorize the payment to Liv-
ingston, Kinkead, & Company, merchants, of
Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, of the sum of
$10,070, as indemnity for the amount of money
of which they were robbed by a party of Sioux
Indians, near Fort Laramie, m the Indian terri-
tory, in November, 1854.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no report accom-
panying that bill. It provides for the payment of
ten or eleven thousand dollars. Unless there is a
statement that we can understand, I object to it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Louis-
iana is mistaken. There is a report in that case.
I made it myselfi
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not printed.
Mr. STUART. The Calendar states that the
report is not printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is are-
port, but it is not printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I know there is a report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report be read.
The Clerk lead the report made during the last
Congress by Air. Sebastian, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, by which it appeared that the
robbery was committed while Mr. Kinkead was
passenger in a mail-coach, from Salt Lake City
to Independence, Missouri. Ho was the only pas-
senger who escaped massacre by the Inihans.
The band that committed the outrage were nom-
inally at peace with the United States, but a state
of hostilities was soon after recogpized, and Gen-
eral Harney dispatched to the plains for their chas-
tisement. According to the spirit of the inter-
course laws, the United States would be bound
to pay the loss, indemnifying themselves by re-
serving the amount from the annuities payable to
the Indians; but as the depredation was com-
mitted by a straggling band, and the annuities to
the Sioux are altogether payable in goods, and of
small amount, it is proposed that the Government
of the United States shall pay at once the indem-
nity which the intercourse laws guarantee in such
cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
george fisher's representatives.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider thejointresolution (S.No.2l)
devolving upon the Secretary of War the execu-
tion of the act of Congress entitled " An act sup-
plemental to an act therein mentioned," approved
December 22, 1854.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That is a public act.
Let it lie over.
Mr. BROWN. That is a private joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Let it be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the Seriate and House of Represevlaliies of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the duties imposed, or required to be pei formed, by the act
of Congress entitled "An act supplemental to an aettherem
mentioned," approved December 22, 18.V1, including the act
to which it is supplemental, be, and the same are hereby,
transferred to the Secretary of War, who shall proceed de
novo to execute the same in their plain and obvious mean-
iu<51 Provided, nevertheless That from any amount winch
may be found just and equitably due to the legdl represent-
ative of Geo'ge Fisher, deceased, there shall be deductod
all sum* winch may have been heretofore allowed and paid
by the United States.
Mr. BIGGS. I wish to hear the report in that
case.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I object to the consid-
eration of the joint resolution; not that I know
anything about its merits, but I see that the re-
port is very long, arid its leading will consume
much time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state the case. It was
before the Committee on Indian Affairs last year,
when I was a member of that committee. It is a
plain case. The object is to enforcc alaw already
passed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I do not know any thins:
of the merits of the case; but I understood that
we were logo through with those bills that should
lead to no discussion.
Mr. TOOMBS. This admits of none. There
is no plainer case on record.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state the case. A bill
was passed, several years ago, for the relief of the
heirs of George Fisher. A portion of the items
in the account were thrown out for the want of
proof. The parties subsequently got the proof,
came before Congress, and obtained an act direct-
ing an allowance for that which they had failed
to prove before. When the proof was presented
at the Treasury, the Secretary of the Treasury,
under the new bill, proposed to deduct some in-
terest which had been allowed upon the first ac-
count, by way of a set-off to what was allowed
under the new bill. I recollect it was brought
before the Indian Committee, and wc were unan-
imously of opinion that he had no such right-
not only that the claim was just, but that the de-
duction was improper, the law being imperative.
Mr. Guthrie refused to go into the account only
on that basis, and the present Secretary of the
Treasury, although holding entirely different opin-
ions, as I understand,yet, inasmuch as it had been
decided, would not open the case without an act
of Congress. The joint resolution only proposes,
in this case, to allow the law to be executed ac-
cording to its plain meaning and intent. The
Committee on Indian Affairs unanimously re-
ported that no other legislation was necessary at
all; that the law was full and perfect; and tins
only proposes that the Secretary of War shall go
on and execute the law.
Mr. BIGGS. My attention has been called to
this claim, and it involves some fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from North Carolina will give way for a moment
I will add an additional fact to what was stated
by the Senator from Georgia. The present Sec-
retary of the Treasury declines to look into the
case because Mr. Guthrie had declined to do it; |
and the present resolution provides for transfer-
ring the execution of the law from the Treasury
Department to the Secretary of War, as the mat-
ter conies properly before the Secretary of War,
the claim being for losses sustained by depreda-
tions committed by the Indians during a state of
hostilities. Secretary Guthrie declined to look
into the account, or to suffer the Second Auditor
to do so, on the ground, as he alleged, that the
testimony had been once looked into, and that
Congress, when they passed the second law, were
mistaken in the fact; but Secretary Guthrie was
himself mistaken, as appears by the affidavit of
Mr. Bibb, by the certificate of the Governor of
Alabama, which' shows that the testimony was
authenticated nearly two years after the decision
was made. It is a very clear case; and the reso-
lution simply provides that the execution of the
law shall be transferred from one Department to
the other. It does not make, any appropriation
whatever.
Mr. BIGGS. It is with reluctance that I inter-
pose any objection to this case. I have examined
it, and am certainly not satisfied in regard to it.
It involves an appropriation of $15,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is mistaken. It
does not appropriate one dollar. It provides for
executing the existing law by the Department;
that is all. It neither appropriates nor attempts
to appropriate.
Mr. BIGGS. The claim is of twenty or thirty
thousand dollars; and this is a resolution to transfer
the execution of the law, which it is alleged ough t
to have required a former Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the money. It is with reluctance that
I interpose an objection; but I have examined the
case, and on examination I am not satisfied that
the joint resolution ought to pass. 1 object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The jointres-
olution will lie over.
CHARLES PORTE RFIELD.
The bill (S. No. 203) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to require the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to William Kinney and Thomas
J. Michie, executors of the last will and testament
of Robert Porterficld, deceased, a number of war-
rants, equal to six thousand one hundred and thir-
ty-three acres of land, according to the usual sub-
divisions of the public surveys, m quantity not
less than forty acres; to be by them located on
any of the public lands which have been or may
be surveyed, and which have not been otherwise
appropriated at the time of such location, within
any of the States or Territories of the United
States, where the minimum price shall not exceed
$1 25 per acre, and appropriated according to the
directions contained in the last will and testament
of Robert Porterficld, in thersame manner and for
the purposes directed in regard to the lands which
were lost by his legal representatives in the acUon
with Clack and others, as decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. STUART. I want to have that bill amend-
ed, so that it shall apply to lands that are subject
to private entry. As it is now, it would apply to
any lands, whether they had ever been offered at
public Pi^e or not.
Mr. EVANS. r\t was not intended to make
it applicable to any except to lands made liable to
private entry.
Mr. STUART. I supposed not. My amend-
ment is, in line ten, after the words "public lands,"
to insert ** subject to private entry."
Mr. BENJAMIN. The same thing is repeated
twice over in the sentence. The sentence now
reads: " to be by them located on any of the pub-
lic lands, which have been or may he surveyed,
and which have not been otherwise appropriated
at the time of the location, within any of the States
or Territories of the United States, where the min-
imum price for the same shall not exceed the sum
of $1 25 per acre."
Mr. STUART. The Senator will sec that my
amendment is still necessary. The minimum puce
of all public land except reserved lands is ftl 25 an
acre; but until it has been once offered for sale, it
is not subject to entry at all; but by the original
language of this bill it would be before it was of-
fered for sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. 1 ask for the reading of the re-
port in that case.
The Clerk read the report made by Mr. Wilson,
from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, on
the 17th of March.
Mr. STUART. T think that case was once
before the Committee on Public Lands; at all
events it was brought to my attention heretofore,
and it did not meet my approbation. I therefore
must object to the bill to-day. Perhaps at a future
day I may think differently; but at present I am
not willing to allow the bill to pass.
The bill was passed over.
susannah hayne pinckney.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
