538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
it to me. He said Mr. John C.Hudelson gave it to him, that
he did not know tlie amount or for what purpose it was
sent. I afteiwards saw Mr. Hudelson, who is cleik of
Henry county, who called on me and said ire wanted pait
of the money. 1 pud him then $lo0. lit tuc convocation
alluded tt*ftvith Messrs. Meredith and .lolmstm, tliey told me
that the Demociats were engaged in importing votes into
Rush county, and that we had to meet it 011 the same
gioutid. , ,
u A number of young men came to me and reported that
they were going to take uptlieir lesidence m^Rush county.
To each one who thus called 011 me i paid $5. \ paid this
sum to as many as nineteen young men, and expected them
to go into Rush county to vote. I remember the names of
Brothers, Widdeman, Levi Williams, Justice, and Marion
Tyner The balance were all strangeis to me. I did not free
any of them in Rush, nor do I know that any of them went
there. They had all resided m Wayne county previous to the
tune I gave them the money. 1 have talked with many
poisons in relation to the political campaign in Indiana and
Kush county, but I do not think I ever spoke to a Rush
county man about it until yestei day. 1 liave talked several
times with Sol. Meiedith m relation to this matter: he al-
ways said there was an effort making to run Irish voters
into Rush, and m order to counteract that, we had better
run some young men tlicic to gam a residence and become
voters. If this arrangement extended over the country, I
am not posted about it. On the day of the Republican
meeting at Cambiidge, there were three or foui young men
came to me, introduced by a gentleman from the. northern
part of the county. The blank eaids alluded to wore given
to me by Abncr-1). lioud; they had on them (I think) the
name of Woodcock, who, I was told, lived in liuslmllc.
I diew the inference that the cards were to be given to the
young men who would give them to Woodcock. I used
nineteen ot them and destroyed the balance. The gencial
arrangement and understanding among us all was, that
Woodcock would find them employment. Lewis liuike
and I did not operate together at all. I do not know that I
ever beaid him talk on the subject. At Richmond, I had a
conversation on polities, in which Meiedith.Donner, Hud-
elson and two or three strangeis were piesent. Buike may
have been with them. We were togetlun not moie than ten
or fifteen minutes; it was not a legular meeting ; we talked
of the campaign generally; the election and the piospects.
Neither Dr. Sexton nor Mr. Yary.m wcie present.
" As legards the money, Mr. lludolson once asked me if
I had received such a package, but lie never told me that he
had sent it to me by Mi. Meredith. The balance I expressed
to Mr. Iludelson since the election. I am a Republican de-
cidedly. Those young men to whom I gave money—with
whom [ was acquainted—1weie Republicans; nor would I
have sent any young man if I had believed lie was a Dem-
ocrat. I usually told these joung men « hat to do with then-
cards ; if they could get vvoi k to do so, ami ta ko up their res-
idence the ic, and it was my opinion that induing so they be-
came legal voters ot Rush county. 1 always asked these
young men as lew questions a  po-siblu. I gave out the- o
cards from three weeks up to lour oi five days before the
State election.
" I have seen four of these young men since the election.
Widdeman lives in Cauibiidge. Biotliei, told me he was
going to settle in Rush, hut in a week oi so lie leturned to
Wayne. 1 did not see Williams for two or thiee necks ,
after the election. 1 am seeietary of tin: Republican eluliot
Cambiidge eitv. Mr Meiedith is pie-ide:it. At one time
I paid A. W. Ray twenty dollars, which he attei wards re-
turned tome. 1 cannot tell how ninny time.. Mi. Kay went
out on Lias Im-nic.-s, hut I paid buggy hire foi two tups. I
had-no connection Willi any aiiaiigoiiionts save my own,
but I had the impression that poisons weie going lo vote
from other townships of Wayne tuuiit); also tiom Homy.
JE was of the opinion that young men, going undel the cil-
cumstauces anil advice 1 gave tlieut, into another county,
became thereby legal voteis m that county.
<• Cross-examined—ll.wept the live young men alluded to,
I do not know where they resided, or what weie then po-
iitical opinions, and 1 think I have not seen any ot tlloiu
Since. l'll.Y D. Sl'HlGG "
Thus it appears that while the howling of these
pretended apostles of liberty (livet ted the attention
of the people of Indiana to the distant plains of
Kansas, straining their vision to detect afar off
the alleged enormities of the border ruilians of
Missouri, these smooth hypocrites were taking
care of popular soveicignty at home by practicing
similar frauds upon our own soil.
And when the Democratic party of Indiana,
struggling to maintain the spirit as well as the
lcttcTof the Federal Constitution, and to^give to
the will of the people of Indiana its true represent-
ation til the Senate of the United States, chose
two Senators ill Congress, the apostles of freedom
planted themselves upon tho fi amis and theusurp-
pation winch would subveit the sovereignty of
Indiana, and destroy the freedom of elections
among her people, and denied the right ot those
Senators to their seats.
These transactions, Mr. Speaker, are fresh, and
will be kept fresh, in the memory of the people of
Indiana, who burn with honest zeal to redress
their own wrongs and pnmsh their op pressors; and
whatever differences of opinion may exist or be
fomented among them concerning the aflairs of
a distant Territory, no Kansas clamoi will a sec-
ond tune draw off their attention and afford a cover
under which the authois of these outrages may
escape their just indignation.
The Democratic paity of Indiana, the only or-
ganization which can restore the supremacy of the
constitution and laws of that State, will remain
united and triumph over those who have violated
the sanctity of the ballot-box and trampled under
foot the sovereignty of the people, whatever may
be the decision of the Kansas question. But it is
by no means my purpose to evade'that question.
I have before me that famous statute, called "the
Nebraska bill." What is its true construction,
paiticularly in reference to the manner of express-
ing the assent of the people of that Territory to their
constitution?
Must that constitution be submitted to the peo-
ple, or may it be the work of delegates alone ?
What is the true intent and meaning of the act,
and how has it been represented to the people?
for if their verdict in its favor was given in 185G,
in view of a construction then plactd upon it by
its friends, no different legal construction ought
now to prevail—except, indeed, those high, au-
thoritative expositions proceeding from the Su-
preme Court of the United States, which all good
citizens arc bound to respect and to obey.
The President has placed his construction
upon that act. He tells us in his message, that
while the submission of the whole constitution
to a vote of the people was admitted, it was not
requited, but that the question of slavery alone
was required to be submitted; that he preferred a
submission of the whole instrument, and in good
faith endeavoied, by his instructions to Guvcrnor
Walker and all his official acts, to bring about
that result, but that the people of Kansas, acting
through their delegates, to whose hands they had
committed the whole subject, chose a different way,
and submitted the slavery question alone—as, ac-
cording to his judgment, but not his wish, they
had the right to do; that he is ready to surrender
liis will to theirs, legally expressed, and acquiesce
in their work, but hopes in future cases, as he had
hoped in this case, a submission of the whole con-
stitution may be had, and for that purpose rec-
ommends that the Minnesota law be copied into,
future enabling acts.
A great statesman, second in intellect to none,
unoqualed in the art of clothing his ideas with the
appearance of logical compactness and popular
justice—a dangerous talent, if unfairly used—
master of all the details of this Kansas business,
and author of the Nebraska bill itself, has also
placed his construction of this act before the pub-
he. He holds that the submission of the entire
constitution toa\ote of the people is the only
mode consistent with that " popular sovereignty"
which is the vital principle of the act; that all
others are excluded; and that a constitution not
ratified in that manner ought to be rejected. It
will be observed that the President docs not oppose
a submission to the people; on the contrary, he
gives it his preference; he only concedes the right
of the people to take their own tvinj, and will not
refuse them admission because they have not
adopted Int. The Senator says to the people of
the Territory: " You must vote on your consti-
tution; it is vain to tell me that, following in the
footsteps of many States of this Union, you choose
to make a constitution through delegates; tiiat is
not popular soveieignty; I am the author of the.
Nebraska Lull, and this is popular sovereignty."
Here is an issue—an issue between the Presi-
dent, on the one part, and the eminent Senator
on the other; and the controversy involves, to its
fullest extent, the gicat question decided by the
i people in the election of IH5G, " the right of the
people to form and regulate their domestic insti-
j tutions in their own way." It is a momentous
I issue, not only on account of the great question
! involved, but of the respective positions of tiie
< parties, their past relations to each other and to
| that country whose fast-hcaling wounds seem
| about to" bleed again—that country so long dis-
; traded, and so much in want of lepose.
| The position, associations, and past services
of the author of the Nebraska bill, gave him the
| right to remonstrate against any departure from
! its principles, if there was any; nay, it was his
| duty, above all other men, to vindicate it, if in-
1 vaded, for he had been its champion at all times
, and in every place.
t With all his intellect he will never be deemed
to have blundered concerning the application of
1 principles so familiar to his mind; and if, indeed,
it should appear that he has abandoned the true
i and vital principle of his bill in its most trying
i hour—that he has deserted the substance for a
most delusive shadow, and displayed a counter-
feit presentment of popular sovereignty to that
confiding people, whom none but he could have
deceived—great will be his responsibility, and'
unenviable the place which history willassign linn.
Time will determine this, not the first wild clamor
of misjudging friends, nor the first indignant gnev-
ings of friends that were.
There are doubtless those in this House, and
out of it, to whom, at first view, the doctrines of
that distinguished Senator, on this question, have
appeared conclusive, who have ever been faithful
to the principles of the Nebraska bill. With such
I would reason, and to their reasonings I would
lend an attentive ear; they have the right to resist
all encroachment, if there is any, on the piinciple
of self-government, for they aie its friends.
But what shall I say of the neio converts to the
doctrine of popular sovereignty; the new cham-
pions of the faith; the new advocates for the
Nebraska bill—they who have hitherto been its
enemies; who have reviled it and its author, and
invoked the curses of Heaven upon both I They
also have placed their construction upon this
statute; they think the great doctrine of popular
sovereignty is clearly violated, and that the con-
stitution of Kansas ought clcarly to have been
submitted to a vote of the people. The result for
which they have worked nighf and day, in tho
Territory and out of tho Territory, has come to
pass. Kansas is here knocking at our doors,
with a slave constitution, because having, as they
say, a majority in the Territory; organized lebels
have refused to vote! Men who could expend
thousands, and travel many a weary mile to fill
Kansas with rifles, and stir up civil war, could
not walk across the street to vote ! Here let me,
ill passing, allude to one matter—the pretense that
several counties were disfranchised and could not
vote. The fact is emphatically denied." -But, if
it were so, how did those do who were allowed
an opportunity ? Did any considerable number
i of them vote ? Al.is for the new revelation of pop-
ular sovereignty, and the new prophets of the faith!
Heaven defend the Nebraska bill from its new
friends, and its author from their alliance 1
And now, in moving forward to a solution of
I the question we have before us concerning the true
] construction of the Nebraska bill, let us note tins
| landmark. 1 point out this gieat fact which meets
| us at the beginning—I point it out to those who
i hesitate, to the members of this House, and to
that generous constituency to whom I am respons-
1 ibio for my vote in this body—I mean that the
i great " army of freedom," composed of renegade
i Democrats, Abolitioilists, Maine-law fanatics,
j Free-Soilers, political preachers, and strong-
minded women, is marching under its flag ot .six-
teen stars in solid column, after this new revela-
tion of popular sovereignty ! I must decline to
follow that flag, and to maieh in that army, even
though false prophets shall arise, who, if it were
possible, would deceive the M'.ry elect.
I shall now proceed to give my construction
of the Nebraska bill, which will fully justify the
vote I expect to give upon the Lecumpton con-
stitution. No one is responsible but myself. I
hold myself responsible to my constituents. In
doing so, I shall have occasion to refer to the le-
corded speeches and reports of the author of that
bill; because theyl# directly in the line of my ar-
gument. I disclaim any purpose to fasten incon-
sistency upon that distinguished mtlii—the incon-
sistency of individuals is a matter of no import-
ance to tho country; but I shall quote from him
as authority upon this question—authority that
will be received. Incidentally, I shall show that
he is inconsistent; but it is impossible to discuss
this question without doing so.
It will also be proper to quote from him because
it will show that, the President, though out of
the country, might have drawn his impressions
of the " true intent and meaning of the Nebraska
bill" from a very high source—no less a source
than the author of the measure himself; and that
if there is any desertion of principle it is not with
those who arc now following the doctrines of the
1 Senator to their logical results.
I Section fourteen of the Nebraska bill contains
| the celebrated clause repealing the Missouri com-
I promise and instituting squatter sovereignty,
I which I have often defended, and which I stood
| manfully by until it was disposed of by a decis-
1 ion of the Supreme Court of the United btatea.
