1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Then, and not till then, did I surrender it. That
decision has been indorsed by the party with
which X act in my State, by the unanimous vote
of the State convention. Inhere is another sec-
tion of the bill which relates to the legislative
power of the Territory. It says that that power
shall extend to all rightful subjects of legislation.
Sir, I would not now, after that act has received
a construction before the people, and after their
verdict has been rendered in favor of it at the
polls, set up any new legal construction contrary
to the construction placed upon it in 1856. But
it is a matter of law, and a matter of history, in
my humble judgment, that those two sections re-
ferred to the question of slavery while the Terri-
tory remained m a territorial condition.
Sir, it has been said repeatedly in this House'
that the great question made before the people in
185G was how the people of Kansas should ratify
their constitution. What I say, sir, will go on
the record, and I hope it will reach the eyes of
my constituents: I deny that proposition, and
challenge the proof. I say that the first section
of this bill disposes of the whole subject of State
constitutions in that short clause which says that
these Territories shall come into the Union with
or without slavery, as their constitution may pre-
scribe, without saying one word as to the manner
in which that constitution is to be made or rati-
fied. All this is very plain. What, then, is the
matter in controversy ? Had any man ever ques-
tioned the right of the people, in forming a consti-
tution, to decide the question of slavery for them-
selves? And especially can it be questioned with
reference to the people of these Territories which
came into this country under a solemn treaty,
which is, aSjthe Constitution of the United States
says, the supreme law of the land? That treaty
actually provided that the people should be pro-
tected in their rights of property, icligion, &c.;
and one of the most distinguished statesmen that
this country has ever produced (John Ctuincy
Adams) has said emphatically, that the people
of these Territories had an absolute right to come
into the Union as slave States; because it is so
nominated in the bond—because of the treaty
under which they were acquired. I say that the
object of the Nebraska bill, so far as the forma-
tion of a constitution was concerned, or as to the
mode in which it was to be ratified, was simply
to place the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
on precisely the same ground as the States already
in the Union occupied.
It was not the intention of this bill to plnce it
on any higher or any lower ground. It is not
necessary, sir, that I should consume the time of
the House by attempting to show that it is the
principle in theory and in practice, in this coun-
try, that the people may form a constitution, and
that it may be ratified either by the delegates to
the convention, or by the vote of the people. Do
gentlemen mean to say that it was understood
at the time the Nebraska bill was introduced and
passed, that the people of Kansas should not have
the right to make a constitution without submit-
ting it to the people ? There was no such idea
broached, and I think I shall show conclusively
that no such idea was ever entertained. I desire
to call the attention of the House to some docu-
ments on this subject.
J hold in my hand, sir, the original Nebraska
bill, as introduced in the Senate by Mr. "Dodge,
of Iowa, and the substitute reported m lieu of it
by Mr. Douglas of Illinois; and when wc turn
to the original draft of this section in that substi-
stute, which was to refer the question of slavery
to the people, it is very explicit on that subject.
It shows distinctly three things—that, according
to the President's doctrine, it was the slavery ques-
tion that was the trouble; that the intent was to
confer power on the Territory, not on the State,
and that that was to be a representative power.
The construction contended for now, with refer-
ence to this law, would resolve every Territory of
this Confederacy into an Athenian Democracy
where all the people should collect themselves to-
gether in one vast plain and enact their laws. That
would destroy the idea of a representative Repub-
lic, which was the thing in controversy in our
revolutionary struggle. It will do very well to
tickle the ears of the people by talking about pop-*
ukr sovereignty. But carry out the construction
contended for here, and the Constitutions, State
and Federal, vanish in thin air; for nothing could
then be done in this country unless the people were
to assemble and vote upon it in mass.
Most emphatically will the people of Indiana
repudiate this doctrine. They have precedents in
their own State which cover every phase of this
question. They have had two constitutions there.
The first was made by their representatives, and
ratified by them alone. The second was submit-
ted to the people. They have knowledge within
themselves of the power to make constitutions in
their own way; and the man who says that the
Congress of the United States intended to deny to
Kansas or Nebraska the power to make their con-
stitutions m the manner in which any old State
made hers, is in error, and I take issue with him
on that statement, and refer the question to the
country to determine.
Here is the clause which I desire to read:
"All the questions appertaining to slavery in the Terri-
tory, and in the new Slates to be formed therefrom, are to
be left to the decision of the people leading therein through
their appropriate representatives."
The distinguished statesman who prepared this
bill was evidently under the impression that the
question of slavery could be decided by the rep-
resentatives of the people. But here we are told
to-day that it could not be, that sovereignty is
inalienable, that the right to make a constitution
could not be delegated; that, in short, this is not
a representative Republic, but a great Democracy
after the model of Athens.
But, there is a further proof on this question.
I hold in my hand Senate bill No. 172, introduced
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] for
the purpose of framing an enabling act to author-
ize the people of Kansas to form a State constitu-
tion, and come into the Union; and in that act, as
originally iutioduccd, is the following clause:
" b£C. 3. J2nd Ic it Jurthcr enacted ^ That the following
piopocttion* be, and the same are hereby, offered to the said
convention of the people of Kansas, when formed, for their
free acecptanee or lejection. which, if accepted by the con-
vention and ratified by the people at the election lor the
adoption of the constitution, hhail be obligatory on the
United States, and upon the taid State of Kansas, to wit."
[Iiero tollow ceitatn propositions.]
Now that bill, as introduced by the Senator
from Illinois, expressly recognizes that this con-
stitution was to be ratified by a vote of the people.
But the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] of-
fered an amendment, and that amendment was
acccpted, not only by the distinguished author of
the Nebraska bill, but by the whole Democratic
party in the Senate, and received the votes of the
Democratic Senators, including two members of
the Cabinet, who then had seats in the Senate of
the United States.
And what was the feature of this Toombs bill ?
Why, lo and behold! this vital principle of pop-
ular sovereignty, this doctrine that stares us in
the face, was struck out without a sigh, without
a tear, and was consigned to the tomb of the Cap-
ulets.
Here is a provision of the bill as modified after
the introduction of an amendment by the Sena-
tor from Georgia:
"That the following piopo<itiont? be, and the same arc
hereby, offered to the convention ol the people of Kansas'1—
Leaving out all that part that requires the peo-
ple to ratify the constitution at the ballot-box—
"for their free acecptance or rejection, which, if accepted
by the convention, shall be obhgatoiy on the United States
and upon the &aul State of Kan&as, to wit.'' [Here follow
certain propositions ]
Well, sir, the bill as modified received the votes
of the entire Democratic party. They recognized
the power of making a constitution, and of bung-
ing a State into the Union, without the necessity
of submitting that constitution to the direct vote
of the people. Yes, sir, and they adopted that
provision in preference to the other proposition
which required its submission to the people. Yet
now we are told that nothing can have life, nothing
tan be valid unless it has been first submitted to a
direct vote of the people at the ballot-box.
And what further would you have on the sub-
ject? After that first section had been set aside
and the other adopted m Us place, after they had
abandoned the idea of requiring the constitution
to be submitted to the people, that same distin- '
guished Senator submitted a report to the Senate -
of the United States upon the *'Toombs bill;"
and let us seo whether he was in favor of the con- .
stitution being submitted to the people at- the'
polls, or whether he considered such submission
, as necessary. I read from his report on . the
; " Toombs bill,53 on the 30th of June, 1S56:
" The.question now anses, whether a constitution made
by a political party without the authority of law, and under
circumstances which afford no "safeguards against fraud,
and no guarantees of fairness, and raises no presumptions
that it embodies the wishes and sentiments of a majority of
the inhabitants, shall be forced, by an act of Congress, upon
a whole people as their fundamental law, unalterable for
nine years. -
" In the opinion of your committee, whenever a consti-
tution shall be formed in any Territory; preparatory to its
admission into the Union as a State, justice, the genius of
our institutions, the whole theory of our republican system,
imperatively demand that the voice of the people shall be
fairly expressed, and their will embodied in that funda-
mental law, without fraud or violence or intimidation, or
any other impioperor unlawful influence, and subject to no
other restrictions than those imposed by the Constitution of
the United States,
" It is true that each parly claimed, at the time the To-
peka constitution was formed, and now claims, to have a
large majority of the legal voters m Kansas, in opposition
to the pretensions of the opposite party. Each party has
always professed a willingness to test and decide this dis-
puted point m respect to the majority, at the ballot-box,
whenever the elective franchise can be exercised in secur-
ity, and protected against illegal voting, fraud, and violence,
and a fair expression of the popular voice thus obtained.
The amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Georgia, [Mr..
Toombs,] as a substitute for the original bill of the commit-
tee, has been prepared expressly with reference to attaining
this desirable result."
That was popular sovereignty, then. He was
satisfied, then, for the constitution'to be submitted
to Congress without the vote of the people upon
it. He was willing that the convention should do
the whole work. He goes on to say:
"Thedelegates are to assemble in convention at the seat
of government of the Temtory on the 1st day of December, .
and then to decide, first, whether it be expedient or not for
Kansas to come into the Union at that time; and if deemed
expedient, to proceed to foim a constitution and State gov-
ernment, which shall be republican in form, preparatoiy to
admission into the Union on an equal looting with the ori-
ginal States in all respects whatever." «
And again, he says:
"The revised proposition of the Senator from Georgia re-
fers all matters m dispute to the decision of the present pop-
ulation, with guarantees of fairness and safeguards against
frauds and violence, to which no reasonable man can find
just ground of exception, while the Senator from New York,
if his proposition is designed to recognize and impart vital -
ityto the Topeka constitution, pioposes to dlsfiauchise, not
only all the emigiants who have airived in the Territory
this year, but all the law-abiding men \^ho refused to join
in an actor open rebellion against the constituted author-
ities of the Temtory last year, by making tho unauthorized
and unlawful action of a political party the fundamental
law of the whole people."
Is it not a fair inference, looking at what I con-
ceive to be the meaning of the author of the bill,
and following in his footsteps—looking at the past
history of the country—that the people of Kansas
have the right to ratify their constitution through
i their delegates in convention, as well as in any
! other way ? Mark, you, I am notopposing a sub-
i mission to the people. I prefer tlu\t mode because,
| in the progress of our history as a nation, it has
j bccome more in vogue, and seems to be the more
| favorite mode with the people. The President of
| the United States, neither in his annual message
! nor in any other message, opposes this course,
j On the contrary, he frankly declares that it has
j his preference. 'He so declares in his instructions
| to Governor Walker; and every official act of his
' Administration relating to the subject, carries out
the same idea. And I point to those fact3 to show
that, instead of trampling upon the rights of the
people of Kansas, he has endeavored, in good
, faith, to carry out tho plan of a submission to the
; people.
5 But, sir, the Kansas-Nebraska bill says, the
1 principles of right and justice say, the whole prac-
j tice and theory of our'Government say, that the
I people of Kansas have the right to prescribe the
! manner in which their own constitution shall be
| ratified; and if that manner does not happen to be
: the way the President had marked out, it is the
duty of the President, as he has done, to concede
to them the right of acting in their own way.
But, sir, the distinguished author of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill says to the people of Kansas:
"You must vote on this constitution. That is
the vital principle of the Nebraska bill. I am the
author of that bill, and this is popular sover-
eignty."
Mr. MAYNAUD. If the gentleman from In-
diami will give way, I will niovo that the House
adjourn.
