1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
enter satisfaction of a judgment rendered by the
district court of the United States for the said
southern district of Illinois, at its June term, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-six, in favor
of the United States of America against Stephen
R. Rowan, on his paying all the costs in said
case.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXIIL—An Act for the Relief of Caleb
Sherman.
* Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That in the settlement of the accounts
of Caleb Sherman, collector of customs at Paso
del Norte, Texas, the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury allow to his credit the sum of
nine hundred and seventy-five dollars and thirty-
seven cents, that being the amount of Govern-
ment money of which he was robbed on the night
of the sixth day of November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Susan-
na T. Lea, widow and administratrix of James
Maglenen, late of the City of Baltimore, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to the legal representatives of the said James
Maglenen, the sum of one hundred and thirty
dollars, being the value of a horse and equipments
belonging to the said James Maglenen, the same
having been impressed in September, eighteen
hundred and fourteen, for the purpose of sending
an express to North Point, and said horse and
equipments having been lost in said service.
Approved, June J, 3858.
Chap. LXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Lau-
rent Millaudon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembted, That Laurent Millaudon be, and he is
hereby, confirmed in his title to two certain tracts
of land lying on the east side of Mobile bay, in
the State of Alabama, being the two tracts of land
known as the De Feriet claims, as surveyed in
the year eighteen hundred and thirty, and ap-
proved of by the surveyor general in the year
eighteen hundred and thirty-five, with the excep-
tion of so much off of the north end thereof as has
heretofore been surveyed and confirmed to Wil-
liam Patterson, and included within what is
known as the Patterson claim, as now located:
Provided, That this act shall only be construed
as a relinquishment of any title that the United
States may have to said lands: Jlnd provided fur-
ther, That this confirmation shall inure to the
benefit of any other persons, if such there be, as
may be entitled to any part of said De Feriet
claims, under conveyances from him.
Approved, June ], 1858.
Ch\p. LXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of James
G. Benton, E. B. Babbitt, and James Long-
street, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Seriate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
theTreasury Department be, and theyare hereby,
authorized and directed, in settling the accounts
of Lieutenant James G. Benton, of the ordnance
department; of Brevet Major E. B. Babbitt, chief
assistant quartermaster; and of Brevet Major
James Longstreet, acting commissary of subsist-
ence, to allow them, as credits, the respective
amounts of which they were defrauded by Parker
II. French, in San Antonio, Texas, in July eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, viz: to James G. Benton,
one thousand and twenty-one dollars and four
cents; to E. B. Babbitt, five hundred and'nineteen
dollars ninety-three and ahalfcents: and to James
Longstreet, four hundred and forty-eight dollars
and ninety-eight cents.
Approved, June 1,1858.
Chap. LXXVn.—An Act for the Relief of
Michael Kinny, late a Private in Company I,
Eighth Regiment, United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Michael Kinny on the pension list, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the
eleventh day of December, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-six, and to continue duringliis
life.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXVIIL—An Act for the Relief of J.
Wilcox Jenkins.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmerica in. Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
theTreasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and required to pay to J. Wilcox Jenkins, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the difference between the pay of cap-
tain's clerk and a purser of a first-class sloop-of-
war, from the first day of January to the thirtieth
of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, during
which time he was the acting purser of the sloop-
of-war Germantown.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam B. Trotter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay
to William B. Trotter, of Clarke county, Missis-
sippi, the sum of sixteen hundred and eighty dol-
lars, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the same being in full of all
demands of the said Trotter growing out of the
emigration and subsistance of Choctaw Indians,
in the State of Mississippi, in the year eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, under a contract with the
United States.
Approved, June 1,1858.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act for the Relief of John
Dick, of Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and. House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall cause a patent to be issued to
John Dick, for lots numbered ten, of section
twenty-nine, and one of section thirty-one, frac-
tional section of thirty, and the northwest quarter
of the northwest quarter of section thirty-two, all
lying in township ten south, of range twenty-
seven east, containing one hundred and fifty-
three acrps, situate in East Florida, and of the
lands subject to sale at St. Augustine, Florida:
Provided, That such patent shall only operate as
a relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States, and shall not affect the rights of any third
person.
Approved, June 1, 1858.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to vest the Title to
certain Warrants for Land in George M. Gor-
don.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is hereby directed, under such regu-
lations as he may prescribe, to recognize the as-
signment made to George M. Gordon on the
twenty-first day of January, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-two, by Edmund Hugill, ser-
geant in Captain Gordon s company, third regi-
ment of United States infantry, and James Mcln-
tyre,a private of the same companyand regiment,
to whom warrants numbers seventy-eight thou-
sand four hundred and two, and seventy-eight
thousand four hundred and three, respectively,
issued on the thirteenth day of July, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three, so as to vest
the legal title in and to the warrants aforesaid m
the said George M. Gordon, his heirs or assigns,
according to the intention of said parties.
Aitro>ld, June 2, 1858.
Chap. LXXXVIL—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs or Legal Representatives of Richard D.
Rowland, deceased, and others.
Be it ..enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary cf theTreasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay outofany money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the heirs, executors, administrators, or legal rep-
resentatives of Richard D. Rowland, deceased,
late of Alabama, the sum of three thousand two
hundred dollars, and to the heirs, executors, ad-
ministrators, or legal representatives of whom-
soever possesses whatever title the United States
gave to Cure ton, Smith, and Heifner, to the south-,
east quarter of section two, township fourteen,
range eight east, of the lands selected in Alabama,
and sold under treat jr of March twenty-four, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, with the Creek In-
dians, for the benefit of the orphans of the tribe,
the sum of two thousand two hundred and sixty
dollars, with interest, at the rate of five and a half
per cent, per annum, upon both aforesaid sums,
from November first, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six. ■
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Ciiap. LXXXVIII.— An Act for the Relief of
Samuel W. Turner and Alvin A. Turner.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTreasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of twenty-three thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars (28,825) unto Sam-
uel W. Turner and Alvin A. Turner, in full for
their services in transporting the United States
mail on their steamers from Cleveland, Ohio, and
Detroit, Michigan, to Mackinaw, Sault Ste. Ma-
rie, Marquette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor,
Eagle River, and Ontonagon, Michigan, and La
Pomte, Bayfield, and Superior City, in the State
of Wisconsin.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of D,
0. Dickinson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to D. 0. Dickinson
the sum of one hundred and eight dollars and sev-
enty-five cents, out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the same being
the amount due him by the United States for ser-
vices rendered by said Dickinson, in connection
with keeping a light in Waukegan harbor, Illi-
nois.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
XC.—An Act to continue the Pension heretofore
paid to Mary C. Hamilton, Widow of Captain
Fowler Hamilton, late of the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to continue the name
of Mrs. Mary C. Hamilton on the pension rolls,
at the same rate of pension allowed her under the
act passed for her benefit, and approved March
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, payment to
commence from and after the expiration of said
act, and to continue for five years from the date
of the passage of this act.
Approved, June 3, 1858.
Ciiap, XCIV.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Phenix, jr.
Be it enaclcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authonzed to pay to Thomas Phenix,
jr., during the time he was acting as paymaster's
clerk in the employment of D. Randall, deputy
paymaster general, the sum of three dollars a day;
out from this compensation is to be deducted the
salary of five hundred dollars per annum already
received by him.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
