1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
deceased, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. _
It provides for the payment to the heirs, exec-
utors, administrators, or legal representatives of
Richard D. Rowland, deceased, late of Alabama,
of $3,200; and to the heirs, executors, adminis-
trators, or legal representatives of whomsoever
possesses whatever title the United States gave to
the southeast quarter of section two, township
fourteen, range eight east, of the lands selected in
Alabama, and sold under the treaty of March 24,
1832, with the Creek Indians, for the benefit of
the orphans of the tribe, of $2,260, with interest
at the rate of five and a half per cent, per annum,
upon both sums, from November 1, 1836.
air. WRIGHT. I ask that the report in that
case be read.
The Clerk read the report made by Mr. Fitch,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, by which
it appeared that the United States sold the land to
the parties, but it was afterwards recovered from
them by one of the Indians.
Mr. FITCH. In the haste of drafting the bill
there was a small error. In line ten, after the
word " gave," I move to insert the names of the
original purchasers, " Puritan Smith and Heff-
ner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred it. The bill
was%rdered to be engrossed for a third reading;
read the third time, and passed.
Mr, FITCH. I move to amend the title by
adding the words "and others" to it.
The motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS WLODECKI.
The bill (H. R. No. 213) for the relief of Fran-
cis Wlodecki was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize him to locate one hun-
dred and twenty acres of land on any public lands
subject to private entry, nlftl 25 an acre, in full
discharge of his claim under the net of June 30,
1854, "granting land to certain exiles from Po-
land."
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a tluid reading, read the
third time, and passed.
alexander copef.and.
The bill (S. No. 2(H) confirming to Alexander
Copeland four hundred anil eighty acres of land in
Sonoma county, California, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state in a word what
the case is. There was a certain rancho in Cali-
fornia, of which a small portion was sold to this
individual. When application was made to the
United States commissioners for the confirmation
of the titles, the holder of the main body of the
rancho presented his title, and it was confirmed.
This memorialist having a small portion of the
rancho, supposed that it would all beconfirmed ill
one body, and was so advised; but when the con-
firmation came, his little farm was excluded. It
was then too late for him, under the law, to present
his claim. He merely lost his confirmation by
bad advice. He lives on the land and cultivates
it, and the title under which he holds has already
been confirmed to the remainder of the land.
Mr. POLK. I do not ask for the reading of the
report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
T. IIART HYATT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask leave to make a report
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, on a
small private claim. It is my fault that the report
was not made yesterday and the bill now on the
Calendar. I desire the bill to be considered at
once.
The bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of T. Hart
Hyatt was read a first time, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading. It proposes to allow Mr. Hyatt,
consul at Amoy, China, §1,500 for judicial ser-
vices, under the act of August 11,1848, from July
1, 1855, to January 1, 1857.
Mr. GrliEEN. I object to the bill. I want it
to take the same course with the others of the
same kind.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is really no objection
to this. It is making an appropriation for an in-
debtedness that actually exists, for which there
is no previous appropriation. The claim is rec-
ognized. Will the Senator hear the report? '
Mr. GREEN. *1 will hear the report.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw my objection to the
bill.
The bill was rend a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. I desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, whether this is an exception
to the ordinary rule? Have other consuls had
this pay ?
Mr. SLIDELL. There are certain consuls
who by law were entitled to an annual salary for
the judicial services. I think there is no analogy
between this case and the bill which was objected
to to-day, for the payment of the consul at Alex-
andria. He was not allowed any salary by law
for these services. The difficulty in this case,
however, is not that there is any doubt that this
man is entitled to the compensation, but no ap-
propriation has been made for it. It might, per-
haps, more properly have come in under the de-
ficiency bill. It results from the construction given
to the law by the Attorney General, and by the
Department of State. They say that the law of
1855, fixing the salaries of consuls, did not at all
touch that provision which had previously given
them an annual allowance for their judicial ser-
vices.
Mr. KING. That is a question upon the con-
struction of the law. The inquiry I made was,
what has been the practice of the Government in
reference to other consuls ? Have they been paid
their salaries for judicial services in all cases but
this ?
Mr. SLIDELL. They have been uniformly
paid .
Mr. TCING. Then I have no objection to the
bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. Perhaps I may be mistaken
when I say they have been uniformly paid. There
may be another case of a similar character. If it
has notbeen paid it is not because the Department
did not consider the amount due, but bccause no
funds had been appropriated for the payment,
owing to a misconstruction of the law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
The bill (S. No. 1<J3) authorizing the issuing
of certain land warrants to the legal representa-
tives of deceased persons entitled thereto, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. SLIDELL. That i« not a private bill.
Mr. EVANS, [think the Senator is mistaken.
It only provides for a small number of persons
in a particular case, and is not as much a bill of
a public character us some which have been passed
to-day.
Mr'. SLIDELL. I will not insist on the objec-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to be engrossed for a third
leading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN subsequently said: I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 193)
authorizing the issuing of certain bounty land
warrants to the legal representatives of deceased
persons entitled thereto, was passed. My object
is to move an additional section, which I supposed
was included m the original bill, but it is not; and
[think it is of more importance than the bill itself.
I will read the section, if desired, that I want to
insert, and make a brief explanation.
The motion to reconsider the vote passing the
bill was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. If it be necessary, I now move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
By unanimous consent an amendment can be
made.
Mr. BROWN. The section I propose to add
is this:
Jlnibc it further enacted, That in al! cd'-rs wlieie persons
holding bounty land wairanK, under tlm or anj pieviniis
act of Congress, have died, or shall lieieaftcr die, without
1 heirs entitled to inheut under any exi^tie" :-ithe wanant
! may be sold and a-ssisueJ by the cxccutm or adinmutrator
as real estate, and located under such regulations as the
Commissioner of the General Land Office may prescribe.
I will make a word of explanation. There are
some cases of this sort—where persons have died
leaving no heirs, and leaving no estate except
simply the land warrant. I know there was one -
case, at least, in my own State. The friends of
the party buried him properly, believing that the
warrant would be made available. They took an
order for its sale, and sold it; but the Department
here refused to recognize the sale, and the war-
rant is worthless. There are a number of these
cases—perhaps not amounting to a great deal in
all, but of importance to the parties interested in •
them. The Government has issued the warrant,
but it is of no value to any one; and where a per-
son dies indebted, certainly the bounty which the
Government has given ought to go to pay his ■
honest creditors—at least his funeral debt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
original bill read.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Be it Enacted, Tinit wheie -my peison who has made or
shall make application f'oi, and be entitled to receive, a certif-
icate or wai i an t from the Dnpai tmcn t of the Interior for lands
under the provisions ot the act entitled u Au act in addition
to certain acts gi anting bounty land to ccrtain officers and
sohheis who have been cn^a^ed hi the military service of
the United States," nppioved 3d of Maich, 1855, shall die
before the issuing and receipt of such ccmficate or wairant,
the legal representative.* of s>ueh dorrased person, so enti-
tled to such certificate or warrant, shall bo authorized and
entitled to receive the same from said interior Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest a verbal
alteration to the original bill. It is probably de-
signed to cover all cases where parties have died,
as well as where they shall die hereafter. I think
that alteration should be made by inserting the
words " shall have died."
Mr. STUART- The Senator is right. _ The
only question in my mind is, whether it is not
better simply to use the word " die."
The alteration was made by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BROWN. Now I offer my proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. POLK. It appears that the section pro-
vides for cases where the .warrant has actually
issued.
Mr. BROWN. Of course.
Mr. POLK. I suppose every State of the Union
has laws by which, on the death of the party, there
can be a disposition of that kind of property.
Mr. BROWN. My friend is altogether mis-
taken. No State regulation can authorize you to
locate one of these warrants. They must be lo-
cated under the authority of Congress. In my
State, the exact law to which the Senator alludes
does exist. We have a law to sell them, but they
are utterly worthless after they are sold, because
thisGovernment will not allow them to be located.
Mr. GREEN. I will suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi a slight amendment. He says
they shall be sold " as real estate."
Mr. BROWN. Well, I will strike out the words
" as real estate."
Mr. GREEN. It makes a complicated manner
of selling in several States, and the conveyance
has to be by deed.
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that that is a proper matter of le-
gislation for the States. It is so provided now 111
some States, and can be in all.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Ohio will
suggest to me any mode by which a State can
compel the location of a land warrant, I will give
way to hear him.
Mr. PUGH. She cannot compel it.
Mr. BROWN. I say again we have a law in
our State authorizing the sale of these warrants,
but the purchaser gets nothing. He gets simply
a piece of paper, which is utterly worthless to
him, because the Government does not authorize
it to be located, except in a particular way.
Mr. PUGII. I do not care much about it; but
I rather think it is an unnecessary provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to receive the amendment at
this stage.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator who reported the bill, that its language
may need a little further alteration; but I do not
; wont to bo too particular. It says, " that w.ipro
S any person who has made, or shall mak", appii
