588
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G{X>BE.
[June 5,
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. XCV.—An act for the Relief of Isaac Body
and Samuel Fleming1.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Isaac Body be allowed to enter at
the land office at Springfield, Illinois, at the min-
imum price, at any time within one year after the
date of this act, the southeast quarter of section
number nineteen of township number twenty-six
north, of range twelve west; and that Samuel
Fleming be allowed to enter, at the same land
office, and on the same terms and conditions, the
northwest quarter of section twenty, township
twenty-six north, range„ twelve west: Provided,
#however, That this act shall only operate as a
relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States.
Approved, June 5, 3858.
priated, the difference of pay between that of mas-
ter's mate and boatswain, from the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to the
nineteenth day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. XCVI.-
-An Act for the Relief of Lewis
W. Broadwell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Lewis W. Broadweli, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight
dollars, U being in full compensation for trans-
porting the United States mails, in steamboats,
from Vicksburg, Mississippi, to Grand Lake,
Arkansas, from the fourth day of September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, to the seventeenth
day of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
at the rate of five thousand dollars per aunum.
Approved, June 5, 1858
Chap. CI.—An Act for the Relief of Susannah
Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
| assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and
i hereby is, authorized to pay to Susannah Red-
man, widow of Lloyd Redman, formerly of Cap-
tain Clay's company ofKentucky volunteers, one
hundred and seventy dollars, ($170,) being the
amount adjudged as due to said Lloyd Redman
for three horses lost by him while in the service
of the United States during the Mexican war; and
that said sum be paid out of any moneys in the
United States Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
Stanton Shotes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to place Cap-
tain Stanton Sholes upon the list of invalid pen-
sioners of the United Suites, who shall be enti-
tled to and receive a pension at the rate of twenty
dollars per month, to commence on the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. CII.—An Act for the Relief of Simeon
Stedman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
| assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and
! hereby is, directed to instruct the proper disburs-
I ing officcr to pay to Simeon Stedman, who served
! in Captain Christopher Ripley's company of the
j thirty-seventh infantry during the war with Great
I Britain, in eighteen hundred and twelve, such
sum or sums as may have accrued to him from
the time of his last receiving payment for ser-
vices till the end of the war; and that said pay-
ment shall be made out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. CIII.-
Chap. XCVin.—An Act for the relief of Benja-
min L. McAtee and Isaac N. Kastham, of Lou-
isville, Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Vnited Slates qf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Benjamin L. McAtee and 1. N. Eastham, the
sum of six thousand dollars in full for transport-
ing extra mail matter over routes number three
thousand nine hundred and sixty and number
four thousand one hundred and sixty-nine, be-
tween the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, and the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty.
Appro\ed, June 5, 1858.
-An Act for the Relief of Joseph
Webb.
Be it enacted by the Sejiate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the monthly pay heirtofore al-
lowed by law to Joseph Webb, as an invalid pen-
sioner, he, and the same is hereby, increased to
ei^htdollars per month; and that the Secretary of
the Inferior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay said Wel\b, at the rate afoiesaid,
from and after the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. CIV.—An Act for the Relief oftOHver P.
Hovey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj A met tea in Congress
\ assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
j i and he is hereby, directed to pay to Oliver P.
!! Ilovey, out of any moneys in the Treasuiy not
ji otherwise appropriated, fifteen hundred and fifty-
!; five dollars, compensation for printing the '' Kenr-
ny Code" of laws for New Mexico in eighteen
, hundred and forty-six.
| Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Job Staf-
ford, of the State of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Pensions be,
and he is hereby, instructed to issue to Job Staf-
ford, of the State of New York, a bounty land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres ot land,
the same to be held^located, or assigned, as if it
had issued in the ordinary way, on application
under existing laws.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. C.—An Act for the Relief of Benjamin
Wakefield.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed'to pay to Benjamin Wakefield, out
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
! Chap. CV-—An Act for the Relief of George W.
j Btsooe.
1 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
| sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
: assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
j the Treasury shall audit the claim of George W.
i Biscoe to indemnification, undei the firstanicleof
; the treaty of Ghent, for the loss of the schooner
, " Speedwell," captured m the Patuxcnt river, by
j the British naval forces, on the twenty-second of
j August,eighteen hundred and fourteen, and which
• was m the waters and within the territorial juns-
! diction of the United States on the seventeenth
| day of February, eighteen hundred and fifteen,
! the day of the exchange of the ratifications of the
. said tieaty of Ghent, and was carried away out
; of the said waters and territorial jurisdiction of
the United States, in violation of the said fiist ar-
; tide of the said treaty; and that the said officers
| shall asceitain the value of the said schooner
1 Speedwell, from such proof as may be exhibited
I to them, within six months from the date of this
act; and that the amount so ascertained shall be
paid out of any money m the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated: Provided, always, That the
said amount shall not exceed the sum of two thou-
sand dollars.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap. CVI.—An Act for the Relief of Micajah
Brooks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby directed to place the name of Micajah
Brooks, of the State of Georgia, on the pension
roll, at the rate of four dollars per month, orfor-
ty-eight dollars per annum; and that he be paid
at that rate from the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty; and that said amount be paid
to said Micajah Brooks, if living; otherwise, to
his sur[vi]ving children.
Approved, June 5, 1858.
Chap.CYII.—An Act for the Relief of Elizabeth
McBrier, only surviving Child and Heir of Col-
onel Archibald Loughry, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he ;s hereby, authorized and required to issue
land scrip in eighty-acre certificates, receivable in
payment for public lands at any of the land offices
: in the United States, in favor of FJizabeth Mc-
Brier, only surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughry, deceased, or to her order, for
an amount equal to six thousand six hundred and
sixty-six acres and two thirds of an acre of land,
which may be located on land subject to private
entry, at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
or less.
! Api'aovcD, June 5, 1858.
| Chap. CVIII.-—An Act for the Relief of Richard
i R. Alexander.
i
; Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
; theTreasury pay,outofanymoneysin theTreas-
' ury not otherwise appropriated, to Richard B.
I Alexander, late a major in the first Tennessee
! regiment, Mexican war, the sum of two hundred
and fifty dollars, in full of the value of one horse
and one mule, lost by him during the said war.
Appro\ed, June 5, 1858.
I Chap. CIX.—An Act for the Relief of Robert W.
| Cushman, formerly an acting Purser m the
i United States Navy.
; Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
I sentatives of the United States of America in Co)igress
! assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
( the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
; and directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated, to Robert
: W. Cushman, acting purser of the Germantown,
! the flog ship of the African suuudion, the difler-
( ence of pay between that of a purser and a cap-
! tain's clerk, for such time as he so acted as pur-
• ser.
' Approved, June 5, 1858.
; Chap. CX.—An Act for the Relief of the Heirs
j of William Turvin, deceased.
! Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
• sentatives of'the United States of America in Congress
; assembled, That the heirs of William Turvin, de-
1 ceased, be, and they arc hereby, authorized to
1 locate, free of cost, nine hundred and sixty arpents
I of land, or as near thereto as the same can be
; done not exceeding that quantity, according to
| the legal subdivisions, on any of the public lands
! of the United States subject to entry at private
1 sale at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre;
which lands, when so located, shall be in full for
; the claim of their said father, William Turvin, to
j a tract of land lying on the east side of the Mobile
i river and west of the Bayou Pascual, under a
j grant from the Spanish Government, and which
I wax recommended for confirmation on the report
