2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2j
from Virginia to erect a private tribunal of his
own, and arrogantly summon the majority of the
committee to his judgment-seat.
And now, Mr. Speaker, in order that this mat-
ter may be correctly understood, and the matter
of difference made plain, I ask for the reading of
the resolutions reported by the majority of the
committee.
, The Clerk read the resolution of the majority,
as follows:
" Resolved, 1. That the sale of the military post of Fort
Snelhng, and so much of the reservation attached to it as
was necessary for military purposes, made on the 6th day of
June, 1857, under the authority of the Secretary of War, the
same being then and now retained under the authority of
that Department because necessary for military purposes,
was without authority of law.
"2. That said sale was made by the Secretary of War not-
withstanding his knowledge of the official opinions of his pre-
decessor, the Hon. Jefferson Davis, and of other officers
in superior military command to the contrary, withoutcon-
sulting with, without the advice, and without the knowl-
edge of any officer in the service of any rank, leaving the
question of the retention of that post to the discretion of the
commissioners appointed to make the sale, and that this
action on the part of the Secretary of War was a grave offi-
cial fault.
" 3. That with a knowledge of the great value of the Fort
Snelhng post and reservation, and the importance of great
caution and judgment m making the sale, the Sectetary of
War appointed as agents for the purpose unqualified, inex-
perienced, and incompetent men.
<c 4. That provision for and management of the sale were so
negligently, carelessly, andinjudicion-slymadc, ati to induce
a successful combination against the Government, exclude
all competition, and bring loss on the Government.
" 5. That John C. Mather, agent of the Department of
War for the examination and sale of the Fort Ripley reser-
vation, after having already joined a combination for the
purchase of the Foit Snellmg reservation, acted, in making
such purchase, in violation of his official duty, and against
the known policy of the Government, and that, as to him
and Richard Schell,repiesentedby him as agent, and Steele
and Graham, who were complicated in the sale with him,
with a full knowledge of this official character, the sale of
the Fort Snelhng reservation was at the time and is now
void."
Mr. PETTIT. I now ask the reading1 of the
resolution proposed to be substituted by the mi-
nority.
The Clerk read, as follows:
tl Resolved, That the leccnt sale of the military i# serva-
tion at FoitSnclhn<r, having been made by the Secictary of
War, under the direction of the President of the United
States, m strict conformity to law, and the evidence report-
ed by the select committee having failed to exhibit any fact
or circumstance tending, in the slightestdogroe, to impeach
the fairness of the sale,oi the integrity of any of the officers
or agents of the Government concerned in the same, or to
exhibit any fact or circumstance which should make the
eatd sale a proper subject lor the opinion and action oi*this
Hous>e, it i* ordered th.it the committee bo discharged from
the further consideration of tin1 subject; and that the report
of the said committee be laid upon (lie table."
Mr. FAULKNER. I will say to the gentle-
man, that the resolution which accompanies the
views of the minority has not been offered. I
submitted two resolutions this morning.
Mr. PETTIT. I did not knuw that till now.
Let the resolutions submitted by the gentleman
from Virginia be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
" Resolved, Thatthe evidence repoi ted by the select com-
mittee has failed to exhibit any fact or circumstance m con-
nection with the recent sale of the mihtaty reservation of
Fort Snelhng, which in any degree impeaches the pei onal
or official integrity of the Secivtaiy of Wai.
" Resolved, That all the othet questions connected with
said sale and hugsjcs>ted by the testimony, being matters of
executive discietion, are subjects alone proper for judicial
inquiry and rediess, and not tailing within the appropriate
jurisdiction of this House ; and it in oidered that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consideration of the
subject, and that the repoi t of the committee be laid upon
the table."
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker, it was argued
yesterday, by the various gentlemen who have
defended the sale of the military reservation at
Fort Snelling, that the majority of the committee
had made a giave impeachment of the integrity
of the Secretary of War. It will be observed that
this has been delicately and studiously avoided.
The resolution has no such meaning. Whatever
the committee has clearly inferred has been ex
pressed in its resolutions. I have called the atten
tion of the House to the very language of the res-
olutions for the purpose of obviating that unkind
conclusion. It will be seen that the committee
has said the following things, and no more. First,
that, under the circumstances, the sale was with-
out authority of law. Sccond, that the Secretary of
War directed it to be made, notwithstanding his
knowledge of the official opinion of his predeces-
sor, and of officers in superior military command
to the contrary, without consulting with them;
without their advice, and without their knowledge;
leaving the whole question to the commissioners
appointed to make the sale, an&that this action
was a grave official fault. Third, that with ,a
knowledge of the value of the reservation, and the
importance of great caution and judgment, the
Secretary of War appointed unqualified, inexpe-
rience^, and incompetent agents. Fourth, that
the sale was conducted so negligently and injudi-
ciously as to induce a successful combination, ex-
clude competition, and bring loss on the Govern-
ment. Last, that the complicity of the purchasers
was a legal fraud, and made the sale nugatory.
This is all that has been submitted by the com-
mittee as proper matter for the examination and
judgment of the House. It imputes fraud against
the purchasers at the sale, and there it stops. The
resolution proposed by the minority vindicates the
sale, says that it was in strict conformity to law,
vindicates the integrity of the officers and agents
of the Government concerned in it, and denies
that any fact or circumstance in connection with
it is a proper subject for the opinioaand action
of the House. This is a wide difference. The
majority finds the act of making the sale unlaw-
ful, careless, and injudicious, and its conclusion
a fraud. The minority thinks better of it. The
officers and agents in connection with it are
blameless in integrity. The sale was fair, and
the facts and circumstances of selling an import-
ant public defense and a public property which
could at once have been sold for three or four
hundred thousand dollars, for one fourth the sum,
in bulk, to a close political family, is such a trifle
as to be unworthy of further notice. How very
quietly this vexed difference is disposed of in the
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia !
He deals with his colleagues, composing the
majority of the committee, just as easily, and
chastises them for their difference of judgment.
The report of the minority says:
"They felt no dissatisfaction at the fact that a majority
of the committee with whom they were called upon to ae t
weie politically anuyed against the leading policy of the
Government, and might, m addition to then sen&e of pub-
lic duty, feel stimulated by the rare gratification of decern-
ing something worthy of condemnation in the official con-
duet of an Adnuiustiation to which they were opposed."
The gentleman from Virginia has acquitted
everybody connected with the sale of Fort Snel-
ling, and is sitting on trial of his colleagues of the
committee. They arc only a majority arrayed
against the leading policy of the Government, feut
the gentleman from Virginia magnanimously feels
no dissatisfaction on account of it. The gentle-
man from Virginia sees the committee stimulated
to a rare gratification, which he has described,
but yet he feels n* dissatisfaction. The unrea-
sonable majority proposes to discern something
to be condemned in the official conduct of the Ad-
ministration to which it is opposed; but yet he is
unmoved, and expresses in his report an entire
contentment of mind. This language intends to
say that the committee has been actuated by an
impropcrmalevolence to the official conduct of the
Administration.
The able and eloquent gentleman from Virginia
did not stop at this, but m his argument on yes-
terday complained again that the majority of the
committee throughout this investigation has been
in fault, has persisted in fault in spite of him, has
yielded to unjustifiable motives, and arrived at
improper conclusions. The following is a part of
his language:
"lie did not question the ability with which the docu-
ment had been prepared; but he did complain that it was
ability displayed in presenting the caseto the Ilonse, and
to the countiy, in a light, in his judgment, wholly different
from what the testimony wairanted. As the report of a
commit ice of Congress, he had no hesitation in say ing (hat
it was more characterized by partisan fbelmg than any doc-
ument of a similar charactei that he had ever lead.-*'
Facts, he said, were misquoted, and much bad
law uttered.
It is pleasant to turn from this, and contemplate
the serene minority, the gentleman from Virginia
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] as they represent themselves m the conclu-
sion of the minority report. " Upon this evi-
dence," they say, " the undersigned, as impartial
judges of the facts, can reach no other conclusion,"
&c. It was well, at least, that there should be
two honest and impartial judges on such a com-
mittee.
The majority of the committee was unfair and
bent on the rare gratification of party malice ! It
was only the gentleman from Virginia and the
gentleman from Kentucky, as they have been
pleased to subscribe to the fact at the end of their
report, who signalized themselves for their im-
partiality and judgment. Mr. Speaker, Provi-
dence, in its mysterious system of compensations,
has kindly lent to some men the pleasing self-delu-
sion that they only are wise and good, and that
they have been sent upon the earth to observe the
errors and follies and faults of others. The distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia is an illustrious
example of this innocent hallucination. He is
pleased to have two eyes, one of which, jaundiced
to all others but himself, sees only their poor hu-
man frailties, while the other, always kept on
duty, looks admiringly forever on the wisdom, in-
tegrity, and consequence of himself. Such is the
self-made heaven, high above our common in-
firmities, where pride and vanity dwell.
Now, I have been compelled to mention this
matter, because it has been thrown in my way,
and I have not felt at liberty to go round it; .but
yet I will do the gentleman from Virginia the jus-
tice of expressing my honest judgment, and if I
do him wrong, I shall take pleasure in correcting
it: that his complaint of the party action of the
committee has not been meant so much to wound
his late colleagues of the committee, as to make it
a trumpet-note to rally political friends to his sup-
port. I scorn, utterly, the paltry considerations
that will allow a matter of grave inquiry like this
to be treated as a simple party transaction. When
there is imbecility in office; when there is crime
in office, the weakness, or the offense, loses party
quality, and becomes an immense public calamity.
Parties cut loose from it, and their contentions
are forgotten in the sense of the public disgrace,
or the public danger.
Besides, may I respectfully be allowed to ask
thegentleman from Virginia,ifhe has been pleased
to consider that if a majority of a committee
could be induced, from party considerations, to
take improper action against persons in office,
merely because they were political opponents,
whether upon his part, and on the part of his
friends,similar motives may not exist for defend-
ing them ?
I wish, in short, here, to say another thing.
The gentleman from Virginia, who is the author
of the minority report, has, in the language already
quoted, alluded to this committee as being organ-
ized with a majority against the leading policy of
the Administration. It is not so. I am not now
speaking for myself. I proudly confess to no
marked admiration of its policy, and I think I am
only just to my colleague from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] in saying that his measure of admira-
tion is no more than mine. But while the gentle-
man from Illinois has been compelled to be silent,
it is but just to him to mention to the gentleman
from Virginia that he owes it that he is now per-
mitted to support this Administration, and load
it with his praises, to those who, like the gentle-
man from Illinois, in the days of ripe October,
1856, when a steady tide of victory had been
sweeping from the Atlantic westward, and yet
knew no ebb, lifted up the standard which had
been beaten down in this succession of conflicts—
and I regret that such brave men did so for so
poor a cause—and raised on the political battle-
fields of Indiana and Illinois, won by themselves,
the first shouts of victory in that memorable cam-
paign that gave the administration of the Govern-
ment into its present hands. Those States were
the firm shore against which the tide rolled, and
first broke, and then fell back.
" Against the leading policy of the Administra-
tion'" The gentleman from Illinois, it is well
known, has not sympathized with the Lecompton
policy of the President; but does not the gentle-
man from Virginia confess that he has been faith-
ful in everything but this ? It is less than a year
since the President himself was against it. Is this
Lecompton policy, on which he dared to differ,
and kept his virtue when it was crushed out of
other men, its only leading policy, and the sum
of its policy? Has the Administration nothing
else to stand upon? Is this poor, crooked, de-
formed Lecompton brat the only thing it loves?
Policy belongs to the people. What right has
the Administration to nave a policy ? What is
the Administration butthe Executive and his sub-
ordinates? When I turn to the Constitution of
the United States to find how the powers of Gov-
