1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3651
ernmcnt are shared out, I find that the people
make policy. It is done by Congress, after all,
only so many multiplied agents of the people, and
representing its sovereignty, will, and policy. I
find that Congress may do certain things by a
grant of agency derived from the people; and that
the prescription of all acts is with Congress, the
legislative power, and that the Executive is only
the dumb right hand by which the people ex-
ecutes its purposes. It is a usurpation of func-
tions for the President to attempt a policy which
is not the people's policy, or to have a poHcy
separate from the people. He has exhausted his
duties when he has taken care that the laws are
faithfully executed. It will be a sad day for the
liberties of this dear land of ours when the Pres-
ident has a policy, but the people have no longer
a policy. We shall then have passed the culmi-
nating point of the national glory, and steadily
hasten down, through decline, to the decrepitude
and old age of nations; and history, writing with its
iron pen, will teach the lesson that we have justly
deserved the doom, for our infidelity to the trust
of popular government our fathers left us, and
which we have allowed tyrants to rob from our
unfaithful keeping.
But I am bestowing too much time on such a
subject. It would be uncivil to the gentleman
from Virginia,who is quick at observing the errors
of others, to suppose that he could be guilty of
any. I make no such imputation against him;
but content myself with saying that between us
there is a singular misapprehension of teims. I
shall have occasion to refer to other differences;
but I allude to one now, because it will not occur
fitly anywhere else. " Every call upon the War
Department," says the minority report, " no mat-
ter how irrelevant"—implying that irrelevant calls
were made, when, in fact, the matters obtained
in every instance have been incorporated in the
report—every call upon the War Department,
no matter how irrelevant, was promptly acceded
to." If gentlemen having the report in their hands
will be kind enough to turn to page 82, they will
find that the committee asked certain information
from the Secretary of War on the 13th day of Feb-
ruary. If they will again turn to page 86, they
will find that the Secretary of War, not having
furnished that information, was again applied to
on the 15th day of March. Between the two ends
of the avenue, it required more than a month to
enable the Secretary of War to be prompt. If,
again, gentlemen will turn to page 87, they will
find that on the 25th day of March the same call
for information was again pressed on that De-
partment, and, on page 452, that the information
was communicated on the 29th of Match. This
last was immediately before the final adjournment
of the committee. So much deliberation and
caution, in order to be prompt, is unusual, even
in public offices. This is a difference of terms
simply.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman misappre-
hends my remarks. I said promptly acceded to
by the minority of the committee.
Mr. PETTIT. The language 1 have quoted is
the very language of the repoit, and there is no
more of it.
Mr. FAULKNER. There is a material dif-
ference between what the Secretary of War did
and what the minority of the committee did.
Mr. PETTIT. \ have no time or wish to en-
ter into a controversy on that subject.
The gentleman from Virginia, in his argument
yesterday, flippantly treated the action of the
committee as secret and inquisitorial. He is even
unwilling to allow a proper consideration to the
generous motives of my colleague on the commit-
tee from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] in offering the
resolution declaring that the proceedings of the
committee should be kept secret, and to which he
himself gave his assent. It was passed, as he
well knows, with the single and avowed object
of preventing the information obtained by the
committee from transpiring, from an apprehen-
sion of injury to persons, official and unofficial.
Such delicacy was worthy of better treatment.
The gentleman from Virginia thus finds fault with
his own act. This is not all. He, and others
taking up the same line of statement, have com-
plained that no opportunity was allowed the
Secretary of War of meeting the proof taken by
the committee. If the gentleman will turn to
page 77, he will find there, as a part of the reso-
lutions of secrecvj-eferred to, the following reso-
lution:
"Resolved, That, if any evidence shall be submitted to
this committee implicating any person not a member of
Congress, a copy of the same, when fully completed, shall
be transmitted to the party implicated, and an opportunity
granted to rebut the same, and of meeting the witnesses
face to face."
It iis the act not only of the majority, but of the
gentleman from Virginia, as well as the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] both of whom
thus had it in their power to furnish the oppor-
tunity of defense so cheerfully and so justly ac-
corded by all the members of the committee. It
is an afterthought that the Secretary of War has
been wronged, and had no opportunity to be
heard, and is only now a disingenuous stratagem
of defense. Sir, I state it upon my judgment,
without knowledge, that, during the progress of
this investigation, there was a steady, intimate,
and confidential intercourse held by the gentle-
man from Virginia with the Secretary of War,
upon all subjects connected with this transaction;
and there was no portion of this proof which was
not already familiar to that officer.
Mr. FAULKNER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana to state that as a fact ?
Mr. PETTIT. I state it as myjudgment, with-
out knowledge.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will tell the gentleman
that very few conversations occurred between the
Secretary of War and myself during the progress
of that investigation.
Mr. PETTIT. It is sufficient for my purpose,
and to justify the conclusion I have expressed,
that there were a few conversations between these
gentlemen.
Another thing. The gentleman from Virginia
has dealt with this transaction as if the inquiry of
the committee was limited to the action of the
Secretary of War, and seems to have forgotten
that Mather, Major Eastman, and William King
Heiskell, Esq., were bound by the same official
proprieties. His argument has opposed no state-
ment of the majority report, nor any expression of
law governing the facts, but has been limited to
panegyric of the head of the War Department; and
he seems to have felt a peisonal offense that the
committcc have not shared with him m the same
view, and come to the same conclusion. His
whole argument il hath this extent—no more."
Lest I might be mistaken in the metes and bounds
of the duties imposed by the House on the com-
mittee, I have turned back to the resolution ap-
pointing it, to see what, under the authority of
the House, the committee was required to do.
The following is the resolution:
" Resolved;, That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigate all the facts and cir-
cumstances connected with the sale of the military*] enerva-
tion at Fort Snellms, the manner m which such sale was
made, to whom made, the eonsideiation paid, the terms of
payment, whether the pnee paid or agreed to he paid was
adequate or not, and wheihei the said reserve, at the time
of said sale, was longer wanted lor the public service ; and
that raid committee have power to send for persons und pa-
pers, and to administer oaths to witnesses."
Here are prescribed duties imposed on the com-
mittee. The Secretary of War is in no manner J
named as a particular object of its consideration, j
Acting in fidelity to the commandment of the J
House, and under the solemn sanctions of our !
oaths, that did not spare us from this unpleasant
duty, we were compelled to a careful inquiry of
the whole transaction; m honor bound to injure
and offend no one; but not to gloss with fulsome
eulogy persons public or private, however ex-
alted their position. The committee has aimed
to do their prescribed duty, and no more.
Let me meet at once the ungenerous complaint
of party reasons for the action of the committee.
From the beginning to the end, through the whole
voluminous testimony, in all the language of the
report, it is not true that any party allusion has
been made, except in the single instance where
the occasion was obtruded upon us by the Secre-
tary of War. The committee called on him for
information. Among other Ictteis which had been
received by him on the subject of buying Fort
Snelling, was one from Vermont, from a person
of public consideration, who recited in it his past
party services, made aspersions on his political !
enemies, and implied, in consideration of it, that 1
he was entitled to buy Fort Snelling at a bargain, j
This unworthy letter, confessing the venality of j
the writer's opinions, was thus brought to no- '
tice. The fact that it had been put on the files
of the Department implied that it had not been
deemed improper. Besides, the examination of
Mr. Heiskell, one of the commissioners appointed
to make the sale, a gentleman, in the judgment of
the committee, utterly unfit for such an appoint-
ment, showed that he had demanded it, and ob-
tained it merely for party services. The public
interest was hazarded by such a practice; and it
was not without much caution, and only upon a
consideration of duty, to expose it to the House,
that such facts falling under its observation were
deemed proper for the animadversion of the com-
mittee. Indeed, the advantage and convenience of
distinguished politicians were so connected with
the transaction that it was impossible to hide this
important motive from a faithful narrative of the
transaction.
The committee thought the Secretary of War
at fault in treating such appointments as political
favors only, and it was no less a fault that the
individuals who think themselves the benefici-
aiies of this sale are those who were allowed to
be such because they composed a part of the
President's political family, and for no other
reason. In this republican Government of ours,
I submit there is no other just standard of official
qualification except that made by Jefferson, that
officers shall be honest and capable, equal to their
tasks of duty, and so honest that the public inter-
est in their hands will take no detriment; and I
submit with equal confidence, that in this trans-
action there was at least one distinguished in-
stance of a person in office requiring unusual
care, caution, skill, and judgment, who was inca-
pable, and that there was one other who preferred
his own to the public advantage. The practice
was obnoxious, and the committee condemned it,
not especially to apply to the present Administra-
tion, but at all times, everywhere—a practice, not-
withstandingithas been Heartily approved by an-
other gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
so far as it makes political favors of the dispen-
sation of offices, which is plainly incompatible
with sound public morals. For, if the dispen-
sation of official patronage and the favors of office
are regulated by party partialities merely, the com-
mercial value of office or the favor is a bribe for
compliances to the superior authority as m.uch
as if it were a price paid for a vote at an election.
Such a practice may strengthen parties, but de-
bauches public morals.
Turning from this least agreeable part of the
subject, I come to the transaction itself. Fort
Snelling is at the confluence of the Mississippi
and Minnesota rivers. The reservation attached
to the post at the time of the sale was nearly eight
thousand acres—perhaps nine or ten thousand
acres. The reservation had once been much larger,
but, by previous acts of Congress, portions had
been detached and added to the common stock of
public lands, leaving at last only this quantity as
the military reservation belonging to the post. It
enjoys a fine, healthy climate; it is in a region of
unsurpassed fertility, on the highway,by the way
of the Alississippi,from Lake Superior to the Gulf;
so that the present and future commerce ex-
changed between these sections must pass under
its walls. Both rivers are navigable. The Min-
nesota, coming in from the southwest, makes it
certain that the whole commerce of the region
lying north and west of it must find its way to
market by its very doors. Within a dozen years
settlement has extended west and reached it. St.
Paul, near by, has become a considerable city.
The villages of St. Anthony and Minneapolis,
standing on opposite shores of the Mississippi,
have a water power that promises to unite them
into a future Manchester. The Fort Snelling res-
ervation,-if from its favorable position it does not
become the seat of a rival city, promises to be the
suburban region of St. Paul, Minneapolis, and
St. Anthony. There was, at the time, no single
point of the whole Northwest on which the eyes
of speculation looked with more lust than the
body of land that this action of the Secretary of
War brought to sale.
Fort Snelling, too, had long been an important
defense of the northwestern frontier. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] has re-
ferred to its establishment before the act of March
3, 1819, his particular object then being to show
that, as it was a military site, belonging to the
Government at that time, it was competent to sell
