1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
of the register and receiver of the land office for
the district of St. Stephens.
Sec. 2. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, upon the
receipt of the certificate of entry from the proper
land office, be, and he is hereby authorized to
issue a patent for the land so located.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXI.—An Act for tke Relief of William
Heine, Artist in the Japan Expedition.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
William Heine, artist in the late Japan expedi-
tion under Commodore Perry, compensation at
the rate of eighteen hundred dollars per annum
during the time he was actually employed in such
service: Provided, The amount already paid him
as master's mate on said expedition be deducted
therefrom.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXII.—An Act for the Relief of Alonzo
and Elbridge G. Colby.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of twenty-five hundred
and two dollars and eleven cents be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury of the United States not otherwise ap-
propriated, to and for Alonzo Colby and Elbridge
G. Colby, of the town of Buck[s]port, in the State
of Maine, the sum being the balance due them on
their contract "with the United States, dated July
twenty-four, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, for
constructing a breakwater at Owl's Head hai bor,
Penobscot river, Maine.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Shove
Chase, of New York.
Be it enacted by the^Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Shove Chase, of New York, upon
the invalid pension list, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, commencing on the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, to con-
tinue during Ins natural life. „ *,
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXIY.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennes-
see.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee, on the
invalid pension roll, and pay him a pension at the
rate of forty dollars per month, from and after the
date of his application, and to continue during
his natural life.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXV.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives of Jean Ba&Uste Devidrine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled< That the legal representatives of Jean
Ba&tiste Devidrine,late ofLouisiana, be, and they
are hereby, confirmed in their claim to that tract
or parcel of land known on the public surveys
of the southwestern land district of that State as
lot number forty-five, (45,) in township number
four (4) south, range number three (3) east, and
lot number seventy-threo, (73,) in township dum-
ber four (4) south, range four (4) east, contain-
ing about four hundred arpents, or three hundred
and fifty acres of land, and that a patent shall
issue therefor as in other cases: Provided, That this
act shall only be construed as a relinquishment
of whatever title may be now vested in the Uni-
ted States, and shall in nowise interfere with any
valid adverse claim of other or third parties, should
such there be.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act for the Relief of David
McClure, Administrator of Joseph McClure,
deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to David McClure, administrator of Joseph Mc-
Clure, deceased, the sum of one hundred and
seven dollars and sixty-four cents, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated; it being the amount of interest collected from
the said Joseph McClure, in his lifetime, on a
judgment, in favor of the United States Govern-
ment, which it was afterwards ascertained the
said McClure did not properly owe, and the
amount of which judgment has been previously
refunded to him by Congress.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act for the Relief of James
^ Rumph.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay James Rumph,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of seven hundred and sixty
dollars, it being in full compensation for medical
aid rendered to soldiers in the service of the Uni-
ted States in the'yeareighteen hundred and thirty-
seven.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Dearmit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amet ica in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he hereby is, authorized and required out of any
money in [the] Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated , to pay to John Dearmit the sum of two hun-
dred and ninety-five dollars, in addition to the
amount already paid him by the Government
under his contract for carrying the mail upon route
number one thousand six hundred and one, from
July first, eighteen hundred and forty-four, for
four years.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
RepresentativesofJohnMcDonough, deceased,
late of Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Coni> ress
assembled, That the claim, numbered thirty-nine
(39) in the report of the register and receiver of
the land office at New Orleans, Louisiana, made
on the twenty-second day of November, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, in the same of John
McDonough, to a tract of aboutone bun-hundred
and seventy-seven superficial arpents of land, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed; and that a
patent shall issue, as in ordinary cases, to the
legal representatives of the said McDonough:
Provided, That this confirmation shall only be
construed as a relinquishment of all right and title
of the United States, and shall not prejudice the
legal claim of any other party, should such exist.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXX.—An act for the Relief of Stuckey
and Rogers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of AmenccCin Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and instructed to pay,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Stuckey and Rogers, mail con-
tractors on route number six thousand and sev-
enty-eight, (6078,) from Winsboro' to Pinckney-
ville, in the State of South Carolina, at the rate
of three hundred and thirty-three dollars per an-
num, for the transportation of the mails on said
route; deducting therefrom whatever payments
may have been made, at the rate of one hundred
and thirty-eight dollars per annum, by the Post
Office Department.
Approved, June 7, 1858.
Chap. CXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Lieuten-
ant Loomis L. Langdon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to credit the account
of Second Lieuteuant Loomis L. Langdon, first
artillery, United States Army, with eleven hun-
dred and seventy-six dollars and sixty-six cents;
it being the amount stolen from his possession, at
Fort Brown, on the ni^ht of the twenty-third of
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven.
Approved, June 7, L858.
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Peter
Parker.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Peter Parker the sum of two thousand six hun-
dred and three dollars and nineteen cents, the same
being in full for his services as charge d'affairs ad
interim at Canton, in China, at various periods be-
tween the dates of May twenty-six, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and the fourth
day of May, eighteen hundred and fifty-five.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of David
Bruce.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of Patents be,
and he is hereby, empowered to extend the patent
of David Bruce, dated the sixth of November,
eighteen hundred and forty-three, for a new and
improved mode of casting type, for seven years
from the date of its expiration, subject to the rules
and regulations now in force for granting exten-
sions, provided it shall appear, on examination,
that the failure to extend Ins patent occurred
through an official mistake.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXY.—An Act for the Relief of the legal
Representatives of Daniel Hay, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to the legal representatives
of Daniel llay, deceased, a sum equal to two per
centum on all moneys disbursed by him as agent
for paying pensions, from and after the twentieth
day of April, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
with interest on the same, from the thirtieth
April, eighteen hundred and fifty-six.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of Judith
Nott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Judith Nott upon the pension roll of the United
States, at the rate of nine dollars per month.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the afore-
said pension commence and be computed from
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
Chap. CXXYII.—An Act for the Relief of Dr.
Thomas Antisell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Jicpre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Dr. Thomas
Antisell, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of two hundred
and seventy-four dollars and sixty-five cents, in
full of the account of said Antisell, for services
rendered as acting assistant surgeon to the com-
mand, (company G,3d Artillery,) escorting Lieu-
tenant Parke's party of survey, from California
to New Mexico, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-five.
Approved, June 8, 1858.
