1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
cation for, ani shall be entitled to receive," That
last " shall" refers to the future.
Mr. STUART. That merely refers to the com-
pleteness of the proof. He has made application,
and Ins application must be such as shall entitle
him to a warrant. The Senator will see that it
relates to the character of proof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the common sense
of it, but I did not know that they would make a
sensible construction.
The bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will now
return to the commencement of the Calendar, and
take up a case in which the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugii] has an interest, and which, I think,
is the first one. But at all events, let us return to
the first case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will now proceed to the consideration of bills upon
the Calendar in their order.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will now
allow the bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Montgomery to be passed.
Mr. STtJART. It will be reached regularly in
a few minutes.
THOMAS J. PAGE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish a motion entered to
reconsider a bill, which was passed yesterday, in
favor of Thomas J. Page, commander in the Uni-
ted States Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There were
two bills passed for his relief.
Mr. HOUSTON. I allude to the bill appro-
priating over #390.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journ to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. We have agreed
(I think the Senator from New Hampshire moved
it, or, at any rate, he was an advocate for the
proposition) to adjourn finally on the 7th of
June. How can we do it if we do not sit every
day in the week? I hope the Senate will sit to-
morrow, and let us act on the deficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of the Sen-
ate sitting to-morrow; there is business for it to
do; but I should be opposed to its acting on the
deficiency bill to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. I should be very glad to have
to-morrow for the District of Columbia business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
taking up any kind of business except the defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. BROWN. I will furnish business if the
Senate will meet.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall feel it my duty to en-
deavor to get up the deficiency bill, and the Sen-
ate can do as it pleases.
Mr. BROWN. There is no lack of business,
and I hope we shall not adjourn over.
Mr. BRODERICtv. I hope, if the Senate have
a session to-morrow, the Pacific railroad bill will
not be postponed for the deficiency bill. I do not
see my colleague in his scat now, but I hope, if
we have a session to-morrow, we shall consider
the railroad hi)!
*Mr. HUNTER. That proposition can be de-
cided to-morrow, not now. I do not propose to
make any order now. I am merely opposing the
motion to adjourn over.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. HUNTER called
for the yeas and nays on the motion, and they
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—yeas
19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mebbrs. Bayard, Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Clay,
Cnttotuieti, Durkoe, Evans Green, Hale, Hammond, Har-
lan, Houston, Kennedy, King, Sebastian, Stuart, Tiumbuil,
and vVade—J 9.
NAYH- Messrs. Allen, Bcniamin, Biffgs, Bjjrlcr, Bright,
Brown, Clark, Dooliitle, Fe^senden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek,
Foot, Hunter, lvei^on, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ma-
son, Pulls., Pugh, Simmon*, Shdell, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Tonmb-i, Wilson, aoti Wright—23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn to Monday.
INDIANA MEETING OF FRIENDS.
Mr. STUART. The first bill now in order is
the one to which I referred; and, inasmuch as it
has been two or three times up before the Senate,
I hope it will bo disposed of now. It is the bill
S. No. 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 46) to grant the
rightof preemption in certain lands to the Indiana
Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends.
Mr. MASON. I have understood the policy
of the Government to be to grant preemptions in
favor of actual settlers who cultivate the land, and
to that extent improve the country; but this is a
proposition to extend it to a religious society. I
am sure it will involve debate, and I move there-
fore that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, */3pril 16, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bv Rev. W. H. Chapman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENOC ON KANSAS.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen as managi-rs on the part of the House of
the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill for the admission of the State
of Kansas into the Union: Messrs. English, Ste-
phens of Georgia, and Howard.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 2J0) for
the relief of the legal representatives or assignees
of James Lawrence; when the Speaker signed the
same.
The SPEA.KER stated that reports were in
Older from the Committee of C^ims, m reference
to business from the Court of Claims.
LANDS TO AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES, ETC.
Mr. WALI3R1DGE. It will be recollected by
the House that a bill was reported yesterday, from
the Committee on Public Lands, donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, accompanied by a major-
ity and a minority report. A motion is pending
to print these reports, and to postpone the con-
sideration of the subject. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that, pending the motion to
postpone, the reports may be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CORRECTION.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I see that, in reference to the
river and harbor bill, and the consulate at Rosario
bill, reported by me yesterday, it does not appear
that the reports accompanying those bills wore
ordered to be printed. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that those reports be printed.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair would state that
the order to print appears upon the Journal.
DES MOINES RIVER.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to present joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Iowa in relation to a
grant of land by Congress for the improvement
ofthenavigationoftheDesMoines river, in order
that they may be referred to the committee which
now has that subjcct under consideration.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. It must be manifest to every
member of the House, that if we arc to adjourn in
June, this day and to-morrow should be devoted,
! as contemplated by the rules, to private business.
' I move, therefore, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest that it
would be better to devote a short time to the
reception of reports from committees on private
business.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If you call the committees
for reports, you will never get into Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Louisiana waive his motion until some Senate
bills on the Speakers tabic can be read and re-
ferred ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Certainly, sir.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the Senate, were then
taken from the Speaker's table, severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
An act (No. 225) for the relief of Andrew Gas-
sell. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (No. 242) to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of Luther Jewett, late collector of the
district of Portland and Falmouth, in the State of
Maine. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 208) for the relief of Fabius Stan-
ley. Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 162) for the relief of John L. Allen
and Asa R. Carter Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The question recurred upon Mr. Davidson's
motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suggest that unanimous
consent bo given to consider this as "objection
day." We can then run through the Calendar;
ebut it is obvious that if we begin to debate the
bills we shall make no progress at all.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill has been returned
from the Senate with amendments, and is^now
upon the Speaker's table. I ask that it bewlken
up, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SEWARD. I give noticejhat I object to
anything being done by unanimous conscnt, un-
less we can be allowed to report bills from com-
mittees.
The SPEAKER. This is one of the regular
appropriation bills returned from the Senate with
amendments.
Mr. SEWARD, I do not care if the Govern-
ment falls. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think we might spend an
hour profitably inreceivingreports from commit-
tees, and I hope we shall do so.
The SPEAKER. That will be the regular order
of business, if the motion of the gentleman from
Louisiana shall be voted down.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I hope it will be
voted down.
The question was taken on Mr. Davidson's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to—ayes one hundred and
two, noes not counted.
The Plouse accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Nichols in the chair.)
COURT OF CLAIMS—ADVERSE REPORTS.
The Chairman stated the first business in order
to be an adverse report (C. C. No. 116) upon the
petition of Augustine Demers and others, admin-
istrators of Francis Chaudonet.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that the
case now up, being an adverse report from the
Court of Claims, should be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
the report ofthe committee be concurred in,unless
some gentleman wishes to have the report read.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to have the report read.
The report was read.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we ought not to be in
too great a hurry to commit ourselves to the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, growing out of the
statute of limitations.
The report was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that the report of
the Court of Claims bo concurred in.
The next case on the Calendar was an adverse
report (C. C. No. 123) upon the petition of
Joshua R. Jewett, heir of Joseph Jewett.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the reading of the
report.
Mr. HOUSTON, These adverse reports from
the Court of Claims should be, it seems to me,
passed over without the reports being read, unless
their reading be specially callcd for by some mem-
ber of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I have called for the reading.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did nothear the gentleman
call for it.
The reading of the report was proceeded with.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps I am doing wrong
by asking for the reading of these reports; but I
have been wanting to report a bill for two months,
