1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
and have been cutoff by the House going into
a Committee of the Whole House. However, as !
it may be wrong to carry out the act of agres-
sion, i withdraw my call "for the reading of the 1
reports
Mr. WASHBURN-E, of Illinois. I will make
a definite motion in reference to this case. I move
that the report of the Court of Claims he con-
curred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why the request
The report was laid aside, to he reported to the !• of my friend here [Mr. WqrtendykeJ cannot be
House with a recommendation that the report of j granted, and the case passed over informally. The
the Court of Claims be concurred in.
The next case on the Calendar was an adverse
report (C. C. No. 127) upon the petition of Rob-
ert Harrison.
Mr. HAWKINS. I ask that this report be
referred to the Committee of Claims. The case is
one of a series of eases m which my constituents
feel a verydeep interest. It is atest case, on which
all these others depend. The report m this case
comprises something like two hundred and thii ty-
eight pages; and the opinion of the court itself
numbers, I think, something like sixty pages.
The decision of the court was notunanimous; one
iudge was perhaps in favor of the claim; another
gentleman who has the case in charge is not in
the House, and it would be only courtesy to grant
the request.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. _ If there is
any feeling in the matter, I will withdraw my
motion.
The case was passed over informally.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up
and reported, hems: an adverse report (C. C. No.
21) upon the petition of Cassius M. Clay.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the case was passed
over informally for the present.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up
and reported, being an adverse report (C. ('.No.
was in favor of the principle of tho claim, while tlj 30) upon the petition of Will-am Neill and others,
he admitted that his hands were tied by the act |; Mr. COX. I would like to have that cast; laid
of Congress. I would also say to the committee ; aside informally, and I will state the reasons for
that this subject is now undergoing investigation '' it. The gentlemen interested in tins case are from
before a committee of the Senate, and I am anx- j my district; they were here the other day, and the
ious to await the action of that committee before |i first intimation they had that tins adverse report
this House actsupou it. Therefore, owing to the was before the House 1 gave them. I furnished
great interests involved in tins bill, owing to the 1 them with the reportand the paper.-}, and they are
fact that the icportcannot bo read and discussion
had ^H^on if, without great loss of time, L move :
that the mutter he laid aside, to be reported to tin*
House wiiti a recommendation that the report of •
the Court of Claims be referred to the Committee j
of Claims. j
The motion was agreed to. !'
The next case on the Calendar was an adverse :
report (O. C. No, 130) upon the petition of Abia- i
ham Ivnig, admnustratoi of John Mandeville. j
Mr. PO CTLE. This claim has been several
times reported on favorably by the House, and
in the Court of Claims it was rejected simply be-
cause of the statute of limitations, Us merits being
undoubted. The court was bound by the statute ,
of limitations. In accordance with the prim i|>!e '
established by the action of the House on a pie-
eis'dy simitar chum, som- timesme« , I move that
it be hud aside, with the recommendation that it J
be referred to the Committee on Revoluuonai y ;j
Claims. j1
The motion was agreed to. 'j
The following adverse reports were laid aside, ;
to be reported t<> the 1 louse with a reeommemia- j
tion that the several reports from the Court of J
Claims be respectively concurred m: 'j
An adverse report (C. C. No. 135) upon the
petition of Robert C, Thompson, administrator '
of William Thompson; '
An adverse report (C. C. No. 130") upon the
p.'ts'ion of Ellen Martin, heir-at-law of Fiancis •
Mai f in ; and !
An ad .*« rsc report (C. C. No. 140) upon the I
petin on of Francis Nodeau, heir of Basil Nad can.
Tii" next case on the Calendar was anadveise
repot f (C C No. Kil) upon the petition of Abra- 1
ham It. Wo. Ih*v.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky I uvve (hat ,
tins ease be ieferrcd to the Committee on Military
Att'urs.
The motion was agreed to.
The next case on the Calendar was an adverse
report (C C. No. 11) upon the petition of Cyrus '
H. McConnKk. 1
Mr. READY. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr Underwood] and ihegmifleman fr<un Vir-
ginia (Mr. Smith] have given this case their spe-
cial attention; and as neither of these gentlemen
is now in his seat, I propose that the case, be passed |
over for the present.
Mi. WORTEiNDyKE. I hope that course
w:ii be pursued.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that '
the -Msp will be disposed of now. ^ ,
Mi. CHAFFEE. If it is passed over it will be
impossible to go back and take it up to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. It would he, except by :
unanimous consent.
now examining them at Columbus. 1 expected
to have heard from them before this. I ask to
lay the case aside until I hear from them in rela-
tion to this matter.
The case was passed over informally.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up
and reported, being an adverse report (C. C. No.
31) upon the petition ofThomas Phcenix, Ji.
Mr, PENDLETON, I move that the leport
in this cose be relened to the Committer on M .!-
irat v A (lairs. The Military Commit tee liar< under
consid-'ralion the chum of this jjv.nleman, and
likewise the report made by the Con rt of (' J «i i ins;
and although they are of opinion that the report
of the court was right, the claim not being one
which is recognized under the law, yet they have
piepaied and now have a bill upon the Private
Calendar (or the relief ol the claimant.
The esse was passed over informally.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up
and reported, being an ad vet se i rpoi t (C. C. No.
81) upon the petition of David Myerle.
Mr. FLORENCE. The report in this case is
a long one, and 1 do not think it advisable to have
it read. The Senate have this ease under con-
sideration now. This is not an advetse report,
considered in its true light. I will read a para-
graph from it.
Mr. CHAFFEE Make your motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, 1 move that the
leport bo referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up
and reported, beingab!,! (11 R. No. 64) for the
relief of Richard H. Weightman.
The bill, which was read, piovides that there
be appropriated, out of any money m the Treas-
ury not. otherwise appi opt ia!ed, £4,500, as mileage
nd perdiemcom)
man, as agmit, el nin.n ;
git;ss from New MeK! >
of I he first sessionof ; !i-
The report, which v. .e
close of (he Mexican '.v
 Mr111 which had bei n ce-
dent of the United State
temporarily commit '<!, i
forms of < overiinvoi, wi
'i to Ricliard H. Weight-
to be a -Senator ill Cou-
toi ;iie seeond and part
■ Tin. ty-First Congress.
-■ read, states that at the
u , I he military govern-
l >bhsh"d by the Presi-
• in New Mextco, was
n the absence of other
the presumed consent
of the inhabitants of that Territory. The peoph
of the Tenitory, however, soon nvmioilaiized
Congress for the usual form of t<u*ntoiial gov-
ernment, arid sent an agent, I (ugh N. Smith, to
Washington for rhat purpose, with the style of
territorial Delegate. Congrc ss did not at that time
grant the ten itori il government asked for Ab ui-
domng hop." of obtaining such government, and
viewing 'he dc ftclo government as anti-repubii-
i\lr. JONES, ofTennessee. We had better pass can ana obnoxious, the people of New Mexico
upon it at once, and get the case out of the way
M/. WORPENDYK.E. The member who has
ciuuge or tins case is not in Ins seat. I wish bun
io have an opportunity to prefc-mt the case to the
co'i.tn.itee, and thcrefoie i tru*< ttu re v/ul be no
O'-j'.cn.jn t j pas fcing it over inf>rm?'iy.
following the example of Tennessee, Vermont,
end other States, formed, in 1^50, a State con-
stitution, in the absence of all sanction of the
G< neial Gfovernm nit, and present! d it to Con-
si es^, asking for admission into the Union. Mr.
W. S. M'.s-jei'/v, who had been chosen a Repre-
sentative, and Mr. Richard H. Weightman, who
had been chosea a Senator in Congress, came to
Washington as the agents of New Mexico, the
latter as early as August or September, 1850,
bringing with him a copy of the new constitu-
tion, and placing it in the hands of the President
of the United States, who transmitted it to Con-
gress on the 9th September, 1850. Mr. Messervy
arrived'at Washington at a later date, and at-
tended the second session of the Thirty-First Con-
gress; they both remaininguntil the 4th of March,
1851.
Congress refused to admit New Mexico as a
State, but at the same time organized the present
territorial government for that Territory.
For his services Mr. Weightman has never
received any compensation, while Mr. Messervy,
who cooperated with him, has been paid, in mile-
age and per diem, for services during part of the
time Mr. Weightman was here—that is, during
the second session of the Thirty-First Congress—
$2,460. Mr. Smith, too, who preceded him as ter-
ritorial Delegate, has been paid $2,000 mileage, and
per diem amounting to five dollars per day, from
the time of ins arrival at Washington till his claim
to a seat was rejected by a vote of the House of
Representatives. This apparent discrimination
against Mr. Weightman seems to have resulted
merely from a series of casualties. On four sepa-
rate occasionsan appropriation to compensate him
lias passed through the Senate. On one of these oc-
casions the appropriation was lost in committee of
conference; on another, with the loss of the defi-
ciency lull of 1854, to which it had been attached;
and on two others by a vote of the House during
the hurried hours immediately preceding the close
of the session, unfortunately without an oppor-
tunity having been alforded of drawing the atten-
tion of the House to jthe facts of the case. At the
last Congress the Committee on Territories for
the House report d a bill for the paym -ntof this
claim, winch was lead a first and second time, but
was not reached on a third leading, and went off
with the mass of unfinished business on the Cal-
endar of the House. The sum appropriated was
$2,460 for the second session. His claim is almost
precisely identical with that of Mr. Messervy, he
having served longer and rendered more service;
and it is strengthened andsuppoited by all the
precedents in similar cases known to the commit-
tee which have ever arisen in the decisions of
Congress.
Should it be questioned whether a Senator elect
can properly be paid per diem and mileage prior
to the admission mto the Union of the State rep-
resented, it may be answered that the practice in
such cases has uniformly allowed tin.1 compensa-
tion ; and, as examples, the committee refer to the
payment of perdiem and mileage to Messrs. Ben-
ton and Burton, as Senators elect from Missouri,
commencing November 14, 1820, though Mis-
souri was not admitted into the Union until Au-
gust 10, 1821; to the payment of per diem and
mileage of Messrs. Lyon and Norvell, as Senators
elect from Michigan, commencing December 7,
1835, though Michigan was not admitted into the
Onion until January 26,1837; and to the payment
of perdiem and mileage to the Senators fiom Cal-
ifornia, from tin4 time they artived in Washing-
ton, as agents to secuie the admission of Califor-
nia into the Union, to the date of sm-h admission
as a State. It is true, that until the admission into
the Union hs States, of Missouri, Miehigan,and
California, the gentlemen clainnm* to be Senators
were, in fact, merely agents of those communi-
ties, seeking their admission as States ; but in tins
respect Mr. We'ghtman's position was precisely
the same, and justice would seem to letpure that
he should !x pud, under the same rule, as agent.
Territorial Delegates from Utah and New Mex-
ico (Messrs. Smith and Babbett) were compen-
sated for their sen vices as agents befor; territorial
governments were granted to those Territories.
The appropriat ions to compensate M r. Messervy,
a Re, •resentative under the proposed State consti-
tution of New Mexico, and Messrs. Norvell and
Lyon,Senators,and Ci omy, Representative, from
Michigan, were passed upon prior to, and with-
out reference to the fact of, the admission of the
State governments for winch they acted as agents.
The committee are thei^fue unable to perceive
why the claim of llichmd H. Weightman should
be constituted the only exception to the general
rule. The hardship and injustice of f.ucii a do-
