2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
it under that law, and that the act of March 3,
1857, was not necessary in order to confer this
power on the Secretary of War. The gentleman
from Virginia is mistaken in this, if I may be per-
mitted to apply such a word to him, for want of
a better. The foundation of Fort Snelling was
laid on the 10th day of September, 1820; nor, al-
though from that time it continued to be occupied
as a post, was the military reservation belonging
to it distinguished and separated from the public
domain until 1838. For many years it had been
the principal, almost the only defense of the fron-
tier, and stood between the settlements and count-
less savages that roamed over the plains beyond
it. Other military positions had been established
depending on it, Fort Ripley, higher up on the
Mississippi, and Fort Ridgely to the southwest,
on the Minnesota, deriving supplies and troops
from it. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnett] disclaimed that it had been recently
used as a post of supplies, forgetting the testi-
mony of Major Martin, assistant quartermaster,
and stationed for the previous two years at Fort
Snelling, that " it had been the practice of the
Government to furnish Foits Ridgely and Ripley
from Fort Snelling. Only one instance had oc-
curred," he said, "in that time where supplies
had gone directly from St. Louis." Nor had it
lost its importance. But a few weeks before
the Secretary of War directed the sale of the post
and reservation at Fort Snelling, Indian outiages,
marked by the worst atrocity of savage hostil-
ities, had occurred within half a dozen dayn'
march of it, and the population beyond was flying
for safety from the frontier to the thicker settle-
ments in the neighborhood of the Mississippi.
William J. Cullen, Esq., superintendent of In-
dian affairs for the northern supenntendency, in
his report of September 27, 1857, made the fol-
lowing statement on the subject:
" I reached the Sioux agcjicv on the 3d of July last, and
remained among the fc?iou\' until the middle ot August. The
dcploiable mttulcrs at i^piut lulu; and vicinity, in Mutch
la-ft, when: forty-.so veil pei^ons— men, women, and ehtidion
— were Imiially masnaoied by a wandering band of Sioux
Indians, and on tinges or' the nios.t hart owing chat acret were
perpetiati-d, nad ercated a wtde-cpiend panic throughout
the 11outicrsettlements,driving many ftom then home.-, ami
demanded from the Government prompt and decisive ac-
tion.
" The fact that the murderers had pushed into the Tndian
country,and were there protected; that they weic annuity
Indians; and weie, moreover connected by marnage and
blood to boili the uppi'i and lowei \ and-, of Sinuv, and the
conduct ol the latter piovrd that sympathy, and agencial
Inclination to palliate, exited among seveial of the piomi-
ucrit l>,pni-. of Uicm' lud-iiHi- tow aid•> the ton t<let m
A long and tediou^ ->ti ti'_'«le hoie commenced with them,
dm nig u inch I dt-eo voted that they were, to agteat extent,
ntlcc'tcd with lecling- of disaffection towaids ihe (Jovein-
meul. .Hid :t £)oat disinclination to ic-pcct cithei the utiifets
of tin: Government, or the piopo-ition-. made by them "
Captain Bee, who led a company °f infantry in
pursuit of the Indians, added to this the following
statement:
'< A great check Ikh been given to settlement arid cmli-
zation bv this in.w^aLft:. Hetties and pioneei- would be
hum tin\vi«.c to n-,k then lives and tho-^e ol their families; in
a legion which, fiom it- facilities lor hunting and li-lung,
and (.-hould the sett lenient extend) lot plundet and violence,
may l>-; tetmed the Indian paiadi&e."
Such was Fort Snelling and the military reser-
vation at the time it was sold, and such was the
attitude of threatened hostility among the Indians
surrounding the posts north and west of it. FiVen
at the very time of making the sale, Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas was engaged, under the author-
ity of the War Department, in giving an increased
garrison to Fort Ridgely, reorganizing Fort Rip-
ley, and establishing other posts beyond them, all
to be made dependent on Fort. Snelling. Itis as-
tonishing that, at that very moment, the Sccietary
of War Wi.x defeating these judicious ai ran de-
merits, by bringing this post and the reservation
to F lie.
Tiio committee has said that in that act, the
Secretary of War acted without the authority of
law. The minority of the committee answers
that the law gave him discretion to make such
sales, and that this discretion is not to be ques-
tioned. The single and conclusive answer is that
the law confers on the Secretary of War this dis-
cretion, un ecitain conditions, and that he has no
discretion where these conditions do not exist.
By the act of 3819, sales of military sites, then be-
longing to the Government, and which were use-
less, might be sold. The authority to sell them
under that law, depended upon the two facts—
first, that the military reservation belonged to
the Government on the 3d of March, 1819; and
second, that, in process of ti^pe, it had become
useless, and the Government did not want it any
longer. I observe, by the quotation of that law
in the report of the minority, that the gentleman
from Virginia has allowed himself to put in italics
the words, t( belonging to the United States," as
if the other condition, that the site had " become
useless for military purposes," was of no conse-
quence, though, providing, as it did, that useless
posts only, and no others, should be sold.
Mr. FAULKNER. I have underscored it
simply for the reason that that was the opinion of
the Attorney General, to which I desired to call
attention, that it embraced only those forts'then
belonging to the United States.
Mr. PETTIT. The law of 1857 principally
differed from the law of 1819. in allowing this
power to sell, not only military reservations
that had then been made, but all others made
since, and whenever they should become useless.
In this connection, it is only necessary to ask the
question, was Fort Snelling, at the time of the
sale, useless,so as to enable the Secretary of War
to make saleof it? Did the legal condition exist?
and if so, did that officer use a legal discretion on
the subject? I do not purpose here to explore at
large the testimony of military officers of the
highest grade, whose almost uniform, and whose
positive opinion has been given against the pro-
priety of the sale of Fort Snelling. This task
has already been well done by my colleague from
Vermont; but I content myself with condemning
this rash and improvident act of the Department
of War, by the opinions of the Secretary him-
self. At the time of the sale he had not himself
determined on its propriety. In his instructions
to the comnnsfiioneis to make the sale, he says:
" You will examine Fort Snelling with rcfcicnce to its
bemg retained as a military depot for the u&o of the Gov-
ernment."
He thus delegated the discretion to them, not
having at the tune determined whether it was
proper or not. At the vny time, the post was
garrisoned. That it was not useless is shown by
the further fact that that garrison was continued,
and is yet kept up; and on the 9th day of March,
1858, there were, according to Major Martin,
two companies of infantry there, besides hun-
dreds of animals, mules, horses, and oxen, for
the use of the service. Even in midwinter, the
Secretary of War had not determined that Fort
Snelling was useless, but inquired of General
Scott, who told him that he could not conveni-
ently dispense with it until in autumn next, and
not until the establishment of other posts. Still
more: when the deliberations of the committee
were drawing to a close, as if still perplexed on
this subject, lie sent abroad a military commis-
sion to Fort Snelling for the purpose of examin-
ing and reporting upon the necessity and advant-
age of maintaining Fort Snelling as a military
depot. General Harney was withdrawn by spe-
cial orders, on the 28th day of April last, from
his march on Utah, for the purpose of going to
Fort Snelling, and presiding over a military com-
mission to settle thiavrv^d question. What the
conclusions of that board, acting at the instance of
their military superior,holding in his single hand
the fortune and honor of all of them, would be, no-
body could doubt. The report ofthisextraordinary
military commission, sent out for the purpose of
finding out whether it was sensible to retain Fort
Snelling and the reservation, almost a year after
the Government had parted with the ownership
of it, for the reason that it was no longer of any
use, was presented to the House by the gentle-
I man from Virginia. The reason for the commission
is notgiven. I take the liberty of supposing that it
was for the purpose of satisfying the still doubt-
ing but inquiring mind of the Secretary of War.
U may have been to operate on the House on this
very subject of inquiry. At least, presenting it
here was meant to have that effect. The gentle-
man from Virginia was so sensible of the indeco-
rum of this extraordinary proceeding on the part
of the Secretary ofWar, that he took pains to say
he thought he would not himself have done so.
But here his sensibility stopped, and the country
owes it to him that he obtained this military re-
port from the Secretary ofWar, because it could
only be obtained from his office, and asked the
House the civility of printing it. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia for having furnished this
proof of the continued indecision of the Secretary
of War. It makes complete my argument, that
up to the time of ordering this commission in
April last, he had not himself decided that Fort
Snelling was useless, and ready to be abandoned.
At first he directed its sale, without having de-
termined that it could be dispensed with, having
delegated the whole function of his official discre-
tion on the subject to his fellow-townsman, Mr.
Heiskell, and to Major Eastman. He afterwards
caused it to be continuously occupied as a mili-
tary post, notwithstanding it had been sold many
months before, for the only reason the law allows,
that it was then useless. .Steele and his success-
ful associates being the owners of the fort and
reservation, and, as they say, entitled to posses-
sion from the 2d day of July last, the Secretary
of War still continued its occupation as the prin-
cipal winter quarters of the Northwest, for troops
and trains, and horses and cattle. He was not
even decided in midwinter, but asked General
Scott, when it was too late to do any good, whether
the post was useless. He had neither asked him
nor any other Army officer any such question
till then. General Scott told him it could not be
dispensed with till next autumn. If Fort Snelling
was useless, why has the Secretary of War been
using it? Why ask General Scott at all, if that
question had already been determined before au-
thorizing Heiskell and Eastman to sell it in May
last? Why ask General Scott, last winter, when
he did not think his opinion of any importance
before making the sale? And why, still later,
did the Secretary allow himself to dwell on the
subject until the military commission o£ 4th May,
1858, appointed by himself, determine the vexed
questions, unless for the reason that it was unde-
termined in the Department of War until then?
And why send abroad a commission, in April,
1858, when Heiskell and Major Eastman were
enough to settle the question m May, 1857 ? The
acts of the Secretary condemn him overwhelm-
ingly for disposing of this important military post
in violation of law, while it was then kept, is kept
now, and for some time must be kept up for mil-
itary uses, and the effect has been to turn the
Government out of an important fortress as an
owner, and make it the poor tenantof private gen-
tlemen. This is. a novelty that Mr. Floyd has
admitted into the military history of the Govern-
ment. The act of sale was without authority of
law. But it rested in the Secretary's discretion,
the gentleman from Virginia says. So Hull's sur-
render was within his official discretion and au-
thority, but the hero of that national disgrace
was not spared from inquiry and condemnation.
I answer that if it rested in the Secretary's dis-
cretion to determine that Fort Snelling was use-.
less, and then to proceed to make sale of it, these
general circumstances show that he had never
applied that discretion officially until longafter lie
had made the sale. 1 may add that the alarmed
and dangerous circumstances of the surrounding
frontiers piove that the sale was indiscreet and
inopportune. The act was wholly lawless, and
has enriched a few private individuals, while the
Government has been humiliated into the condi-
tion of a gentleman's lessee.
But in this connection the Secretary of War
is more obnoxious to censure. Let the facts be
briefly told. This large and valuable reservation
had been a long time watched by speculators with
a quick prophetic sense of its future importance.
Application was made to the Secretary of War,
the Hon. Jefferson Davis, early in 185C, through
the agency of Mr. Rice, then Delegate frohi the
Territory of Minnesota, to buy it at the rate of
fifteen dollars per acre. Secretary Davis referred
the subject to General .Tesap, Quartermaster
General. On the 3d of May, 185fi, he answered
that the fort, the wharf, and a considerable quan-
tity of land, ought to be retained for the public
use, " not temporarily, but in fee." He said, at
the same time, that a higher bid than fifteen dol-
lars per acre might be expected. Secretary Davis
answered Mr. Rice at a dash of the pen, and dis-
posed of the mattei. His letter of May 6, 1856,
is unusually short, clear, and nervous:
| " fn K'ply. I have to say that the resei vation is still needed
. for military purpose-;; and I\Ir. Steele's offer cannot, there-
j foie, be enteitamed."
j It was not pressed again in this quarter; but
j took the new form of an application to Congress,
i At the close of the last session of the last Con-
