1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
go tlnough its several readings, and be puton its
Eassagc. The Chair paused several seconds, and
earing no objection, announced that there was
no objection, and directed the second reading of
the bill.
Mr. STUART. I rose as soon as the Senator
from New Hampshire pat down, and objected to
it. This bill is an old affair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heard
no objection to the second reading of the bill, but
if there be objection to the third reading of the
bill to-dfiy, it cannot pass now.
Mr. STUART; All I want is to have the bill
considered. Ithasbeen considered here once, and
rejected, after very full investigation.
Mr. HALE. Let me correct that mistake. It
passed by a very laige majority.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. "The bill lies over
on this objection to its third reading.
COURTS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr, BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the .Tudiciary to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 22) to alter the time of holding the
courts of the United States in the State of South
Carolina, and to askforits present consideration.
It is a bill which meets the approval of the Sen-
ators and Representatives from that State, and it
is a courtesy always to suffer such a bill to pass.
It relates simply to the time of holding the courts.
I ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senate will proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. STUART. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill for information.
The Secretary read it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. It provides that hereafter the teims of the
district court of the United States for South Car-
olina, at its sitting in Charleston, shall be held on
the first Monday in January, May, July, and
October, in each year, instead of at the times
heretofore appointed; and that the term of the cir-
cuit court at its sitting in Charleston, shall be held
on the first Monday in April m eacli year, instead
of at the time appointed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the genera! con-
sent of the Senate to take up the pension appro-
priation bill. It will not take five minutes to con-
sider it. It is according to estimate, and we can
pass it directly. If it lends to debate, I will agree
to lay it down.
The Senate proceeded , as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 3) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1859.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY HUBBARD.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Hemy Hub-
bard, submitted a report, accompanicd by a bill
(S. No. 123) for his relief; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the consideration of
that bill now. It has once or twice passed the
Senate before, and it has the unanimous consent
of the committee.
Mr. KING. I ask that the bill be read through,
befoie consent is given.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
there be paid to Henry Hubbard $G72 75 for his
services as United States agent, charged with the
safe-keeping of the public property at the harbor
of Ashtabula, Ohio, as certified by the bureau of
topographical engineers, with interest at the rate
of six per cent, per annum from the 11th of June,
1855, from which time payment is shown to have
been delayed for want of appropriation.
Mr. BIGGS. It is a very bad practice, it seems
to me, to take up a bill which has just been re-
ported, without the report being either printed or
read. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot now be considered.
Mr. POLK. I move that the report-be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
R. R. RICHARDS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the, joint reso-
lution (S. No. 9) introduced by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] be taken up and
passed at this time. It will not occupy one mo-
ment. It is a very small matter. The bill has
been reported unanimously by the Committee on
the District of Columbia. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senatorpro-
ceeded,as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the joint resolution (S. No. 9.) for the compensa-
tion of R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the Uni-
ted States penitentiary, for his salary, up to the
COth of June, 1857. Itpruvides that §300 be paid
to him in full, for his half year's salary, ending
June 30,1857.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. Is there any report accompany-
ing this joint resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware of any report accompanying the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. With the indulgence of the
Senator from Michigan, I will make a very brief
explanation of this resolution. This gentleman,
Mr. Richards, was appointed by Secretary Mc-
Clelland, chaplain of the penitentiary. He acted
there and received his pay for three quarters.
When the account was presented for the fourth
quarter, the auditor stopped it on the ground that
the appointment was illegal. There was a dif-
ference of opinion between the Secretary of the
Interior and the Auditor of the Treasury, as to
whether he could make the appointment. He
withheld the compensation, and lequired of Mr.
Richards that he should pay back a quarter's sal-
ary which he had received for the quarter preced-
ing that time. Under that requisition he did return
$150 to the Treasury, as one quarter's salary.
Thisbillis to return to himthe§150whiehhepaid
into the Treasury, and to pay him for the other
quarter during which he served. He served under
a commission from the Secretary of the Interior,
who writes a letter, which is among the papers,
saying that he had no doubt at all, himself, that
he had a right to make the appointment, and that
theappointment was legal. The auditor thought
differently, and refused to pay the salary.
Mr. BIGGS. Then I understand it to be a case
in which there is a difference of opinion between
the accounting officer of the Government and the
Secretary of the Interior as to the legality of the
appointment of this chaplain. I am unwilling,
particularly when there is that difference of opin-
ion, to extend the laws in regard to compensating
chaplains. It seems to me that unless there is a
better excuse given for it than has been presented
by the remarks of the Senator from Mississippi,
the joint resolution ought not to pass.
Mr. HAMLIN. What the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has stated is true; but there is one other
fact that he did not state, and which I think has
a material bearing on the case. I was a member
of the committee, and did not agree to the report.;
but I do not propose to enter into any discussion
here against it. 1 will simply state one fact, which
explains the reason why the Secretary of the
Interior could not make this appointment. Mr.
Richards -was a cleik in one of the Departments,
receiving his compensation there, and the law pro-
vided that a person should not receive the com-
pensation of two offices at the same time. He
was getting his pay for praying and writing, and
for that reason I opposed it.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator's statementis true;
but it was not the business of Mr. Richards to
determine what the lav/ was. He was appointed
by a competent power, and performed the service.
There is no charge that he did not perform all his
clerical duties. He did -all that he was required
to do. I believe he %vas a cleik at $1,200 a year.
There is no charge that ho neglected his duty in
that respect. Then on the Sabbath he performed
his ministerial duties at the penitentiary, under
this appointment, which he doubtless believed
was rrwde according to law. Now, when the ser-
vices have been rendered under a mistake of the
Secretary of the Interior, if you'will, the question
is, who are you going to cheat? Are you going
to cheat the preacher? That is the only point in
the case. • Are you going to take his services
under an appointment of the Secretary of the In-
terior, and refuse to pay for them? It was not
his fault that tljere was a mistake about the law.
That was the fault of the Secretary, if there w_a$,
indeed, any fault. If that question were involved,
I should discuss it, and undertake to show that
he had a right to make the appointment, and that
this id not one of the cases referred to by the law
mentioned by the Senator from Maine; but I'do
not wish to take up the time of the Senate on a
$300 claim.
The joint resolution was ordered to be eti-
frossed for a third reading; there being, oil a
ivision—ayes 26, noes 11. It wks read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had passed a bill to amend
an act for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook
and others.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to what I suppose
is a privileged question. Some days ago the ma-
jority of the Committee on the Judiciary reported
a resolution in regarrd to the right to seats of th.e
Senators from Indiana. That resolution has beeh
lying over for some time, on account of the Indis-
position of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Col'-
lamer,] who has been in his seat for the last day
or two, and is now present. I think it desirable
that it receive speedy action—either that we pro-
ceed to its consideration now, or at some early
day to be agreed upon. I believe those who dis-
sent from the report of the majority of the com-
mittee are ready to proceed with it now; and un-
less there is some reason shown for delay, I ask
that the Senate proceed to its consideration at
once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilsom] was upon the floor, and
it cannot be taken away from him without his
consent. Docs the Senator yield the floor, in
order that this question may be taken up?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD, I did move to take up the res-
olution of the Committee on the Judiciary some
days ago; but in consequence of the absence of
the honorable Senator from Vermont I postponed
it until he should be well enough to come in. I
was perfectly willing then, but 1 am not now will-
ing to take it up—not, at all events, before Mon-
day. Whether on Monday I can agree to call it
up, as far as my own vote is concerned, I cannot
at present answer. The reason that actuates me
I will state. When I originally asked the Senate
to take up the resolution, there was nothing that
I conceived ought to take precedence of it. I be-
lieve, however, there is now before the Senate,
for the purpose of reference, a question connected
with what is called the Kansas issue, which I
consider far more important than any other ques-
tion which can be brought before the Senate as
regards the permanent destinies of this country;
and the sooner that question-can be disposed of,
the better for the preservation of the Union and
the peace of the country. Under these circum-
stances, though this be a privileged question, I
feel myself bound not to ask that it shall be taken
up; and, in fact, to vote against its being taken
up until there is at least a reference of that ques-
tion, and probably until its disposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think the Senator from
Delaware has given the very best reason in the
I world why this question should be taken up. He
I tells us that there is pending a question which
I may affect the stability o., the Union itself—an
| important issue in regard to Kansas; and that he
! is unwilling to determine who are entitled to seats
in this body until that vastly important question
be settled. Why, sir, I "think the first thing ia
to determine who has the right to settle that ques-
tion. It should be settled by a Senate proper!y
constituted. It will be remembered {hat for nearly
a year a question has been pending here as to'tlie
right of two of the sitting members of this body-
to0 occupy seats. I do not propose now to discuss
it; but I move that the question in regard t& -the
right to seats of the Senators from Indiana bg
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that hour, to the ex-
