1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
cision has thus far been the result merely of acci-
dent and oversight. They find that he presented
his credentials to the Senate on the 12tn day of
September, 1850, and they believe that from that
day to the 4th March, 1851, he is entitled to per
diem and mileage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have, I believe,
upon several occasions, when the Private Calen-
dar was under consideration on objection day, ob-
jected to this bill being reported by the unani-
mous consent of the committee to the House. I
did so, for I believed, upon the examination of the
case, that there were no merits in it. And, though
I have no regard for precedents further than I am
satisfied that the precedent itself is right, yet I
think there is no precedent even which covers the
ca3e now under consideration. It is claimed that
Mr. Weigh tman came here claiming to have bedli
elected a Senator to the Congress of the United
States from the proposed State of New Mexico
in 1850. Now, sir, in the reports referred to in
this case, there is not one of a person coming here
claiming to be a Senator when a State applied for
admission, and was paid his per diem and mileage
when the State was notadmitted. There are cases
where, after the admission of the State, and the
Senators were qualified, they were paid fiom the
time they presented themselves to the Senate. I
am not aware of any precedent where any gentle-
man ever came hero claiming to be a Senator from
a State, and was paid as a Senator when that State
never was admitted into the Union.
Again, the report states that Mr. Messervy was
paid as the agent or delegate from that Territory.
I concede that; butMr. Messervy came here per-
haps as their agent or as their delegate to this
House, and not to the Senate. Is there any case
upon record in the history of the Government
where any gentleman has ever appeared as a del-
egate from a Territory to the Senate of the United
States, and where he has been paid for attend-
ance on the Senate of the United States, claiming
to be the agent or delegate from a Territory?
Again, there js no case upon the records of the
country, so far as I am aware, where more than
one agent or delegate has been paid for any one
Territory at the same time. I do not know who
made what purports to bp the constitution of New
Mexico. I do not know when they had a State
government organized, oi when ihey had a Le-
gislature which was competent to electa Senator,
and send him here.
Again, I believe it is stated in the report that
Mr. Messervy was paid $2,460 for one session,
and $2,000 for the other session. Perhaps it is
stated in this report that Mr. Weightman pre-
sented his credentials to the Senate on the 12th
of September. That was but a few days before
the session expired. Is it intruded, then, by this
bill to pay him mileage for that session, and mile-
age also fur the second session?—for it proposes
to appropriate $4,500 to pay Mr. Weightman this
claim.
I think myself there aro no merits in the case. I
think from the report itself, a rase is not made out
which entitles him to the benefit of the act pro-
posed to be passed for his benefit. These are the
reasons which operated on my mind when I with-
held my assent—an assent which would at least
be a tacit indorsement of the correctness of the
claim—to repoit iton objection day by the unan-
imous consent of the committee to the House for
passage. It js now befoie the committee, when
every gentleman has a right to express his opin-
ion, and it must be determined by the vote of the
committee, and with them I leave the case.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would be glad to have
the attention of the committee for a few minutes to
this case. I have examined it in committee, and
my impression is that my colleague is mistaken
in all the points he has made in his argument. I
have examined the records of similar instances,
and I am satisfied that iheie never has occurred an
instance in the history ofthe Government, similar
to tins, in which the applicant has not been paid,
with the solitary exception of that of Mr. Weight-
man. My colleague [Mr. Jones] says that there
are no precedents. The report briefly and con-
cisely states the facts in regard to precedents, and
I will briefly advert to some of them.
However, before I do that, let me call the at-
tention of the House to the particular state of facts
existing. When the Mexican war terminated,
there was a nnht.n y government ill NewMcxico,
which had been established as a matter of neces-
sity, by the President, during the pendency of the
war. This was a sort of government which ought
not to have continued longer than possibly could
be avoided. It was a tyrannical, inconvenient, and
oppressive military government. The people of
Now Mexico, as soon as the war terminated, de-
sired to have a territorial government extended
over them. They asked for a territorial govern-
ment in the usual form, and elected a Delegate to
this House—a Mr. Smith. They petitioned Con-
gress to give them the usual territorial govern-
ment. Congress refused or failed to do it.
There are other facts in that connection to which
I desire to call attention. The then Administra-
tion of the Federal Government indicated a pur-
pose to resist the policy of establishing territorial
governments m New Mexico and Utah. The
people of New Mexico saw this. They were
very anxious to get rid of their military govern-
ment, and when they were thus satisfied that they
could not obtain a territorial government, they
proceeded to form a State government. They
elected a State Legislature, and a member to this
House, and Senators to the other branch of Con-
gress. My colleague says that he has no evidence
of this. I have the evidence of it. It is before
the committee, and if my colleague has it not it
is his fault, and not thefaultof the records of the
country. The^e men came here as agents for the
purpose of securing the admission of the new
State into the Union. Soon afterwards, Congress
determined to establish a territorial government.
The compromise measures of 1850 were passed,
and these provided territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico. Mr. Messervy, who came
here as an agent to ask the admission of New Mex-
ico into the Union as a State, got his bill through,
and was paid. Major Weightman's bill passed the
Senate, but was never reached m the Mouse. It
fell with the unfinished business of the session.
It has been passed four times by the Senate; but
by some casualty it has failed to pass the House.
My colleague says that there is no precedent
where a man has been elected as a Senator and
paid as an agent prior to the admission of a State
into the Union. Here is a case in point, the case
of Michigan. The report states u thus:
aThe appropu.Utou to compensate Mr. IMcssrrvy, <i Hep-
rp^nMtive mnlei the piopo-ed Stite constitution of New
Meueo, and j\Ie&sn. Norvell and Lyon, Senators and
(Jromy, Iieptesentative, liom Michigan, were passed upon
l>ttoi to, ami without rcleience to the 1'aei of, tho iidniifMiiu
of the State governments for which they acted a, usjentrf
The Michigan Senators and Representatives
were paid from December, 1835, although Mich-
igan was not admitted as a State into the Union
until January, 1837. This is a case in which gen-
tlemen elected as Senators came here as agents to
secure the admission of a State into the Union,
and were actually paid per diem and mileage for
service commencing two years befoie tho admis-
sion of the State into the Union. The bill making
the payment was acted on before the act was
passed admitting the State into the Union. This
is a case m point. It is true that Michigan was
subsequently admitted into the Union; but at the
time the per diem and mileage were paid it was
not admitted as a State. The case of those Sen-
ators stood before the country just as this case
stands now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I said that I was
not aware of any caso where any agent asking the
admission of a State into the Union, and claiming
attendance a^ a Senator, ever was paid for that
attendance when iho St.Ue had not been admitted.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. What does that mat-
ter, when 1 show a case where mileage and per
diem were paid when the State was not admitted ?
The State of Michigan stood, at the time payment
was demanded and made, just as New Mexico
stands. The Senators were'paid for services some
two years previous to the admission of the State
into the Union; and Major Weightman claims for
like services here.
My colleague says that he never knew of two
agents being paid for asking the admission of the
same State. Look at the Michigan case, where
two agents were paid for doing that very thing.
There is another precedent in the .Missouri case. |
There Messrs. .Benton and Borton were paid as
agents for services during nearly two yeats prior
to the admission of the Stale into the Union. I
believe m that case the claim was not acted on
until after Missouri was admitted; but Congress
went back and paid them from the first day they
came here as agents, commencing in 1819, when
Missouri was not admitted, until 182J:." Messervy
and Weightman both claimed to be agents of New
Mexico. What is the difference? They were
sent here for the same special purpose—to ask the;
admission of the State into the Union. The peo-
ple wanted to get rid of their military government.
When they saw that the Administration of the
Federal Government was in favor of receiving
them as a State, instead of granting them a terri-
torial government, they sent these agents here.
Messervy has been paid; Weightman has not.
Mr. LETCHER. What I want to know is
this: who elected this gentleman a Senator?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. He was elected by the
Legislature of the State governmentof New Mex-
ico. His colleague, whose name was Cunning-
ham, was an officer of the Army, and being an
officer of the Army, he did not quit his post and
come here, and hence has never made any appli-
cation for pay.
The impression has gone out, and I have been
asked the question this morning, if Major Weight-
man was not at the time of his election an officer
of the Army? He was not. His colleague, Mr.
Cunningham, was an officer of the Army, and for
that reason, I presume, he has never applied for
compensation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Was not Major
Weightman an officer of the United States in New
Mexico prior to his election ?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. He had been; but at
the time of his election he was a private citizen.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. But he had been
an officer ofthe United States previous to that?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. He had been. My
colleague [Mr. Jones] adverted to the fact that
Mr. Messervy was paid $2,400; and that Major
Weightman'scldim is larger than that. The dif-
ference is this: that Major Weightman was here
during portions of two sessions of Congress,
whereas Mr. Messervy was here only one. Their
compensation is placed upon an equal footing.
Mileage" is given to each of them; and each of
them is allowed five dollars a day. it seems to
me that they ought to have been paid eight dollars
a day, but inasmuch as it is found that in all other
cases—in the case of thegentk-men from Missouri
and Michigan, and in the case of Mr. Messervy—
only five dollars a day had been allowed, it was
thought better to conform to t he established usage,
and make it five dollars a day instead of eight. But
Major Weightman's compensation is precisely
the same, in proportion to the time he was en-
gaged, (including mileage for two sessions,) that
lias been paid to his colleague, Mr. Messervy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 call attention to the
fact, that the impression that there are no prece-
dents is a mistake. There never has been an in-
stance similar to this in which the Government
has not paid mileage and per diem. This is the
only solitary exception. I have some doubts as to
whether the payments ought to have been made in
any of these cases; and if we were about to com-
mence de novo, if I did not find just such cases, I
doubt whether I would vote for the bill. But
when I find that every gentleman who Las pre-
sented himself before theGovernment unaersjmi-
l&r circumstances has been paid, I feel that, as a
matter of justice and equity, it is due to Major
Weightman that he should be paid also.
If, sir, there are any other objections which
gentlemen entertain to tho bill, and will suggest
them, I will endeavor to ascertain whether they
are not equally erroneous.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. How many
people were there m the Territory at the time?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not remember
now the amount of population. I am told that it
was sixty-one thousand at the time. The point
that I would call attention to is this: that tho peo-
ple there-first wanted a territorial government.
The indications here were that they would not
get it. The President, in his message, it will be well
remembered, whether rightfully or not, took an ad-
verse view of the subject. He thought that these
new acquisitions from Mexico ought to be kept
out until admitted as States. This impression
reaching the people of New Mcxico, they resorted
to what they considered the only alternative left
them, and organized a State government,and en-
deavoied to get into the Union as a State. But,
in the mean timo, Congress had determined to pas.s
