1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2655
lots; and has sold, and is quoting that part only,
at more than half a million dollars. The partner
of Mr. Steele, Mr, Prince, soon after the sale,
offered a detailed account of the value of the res-
ervation, to Mr. Matthew Johnson, now United
States marshal of the northern district of Ohio,
at the larger figures of $1,400,000. From such
facts as these, the committee has been war-
ranted in declaring, as it has done in its resolu-
tion, now submitted to the House, " that pro-
vision for, and management of the sale, were so
negligently, carelessly, and injudiciously made,
as to induce a successful combination against the
Government, exclude all competition, and bring
loss on the Government."
This brings the inquiry back to the point of the
argument of the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that the petitions of
three hundred and sixty-six people of Minnesota
—the uncorrupted people, as Ik? pleasantly calls
them—were here, in addition to the report of the
military commission, modestly suggesting to us
now the confirmation of this most remarkable
sale, whereby, by reason of an indulgent credit,
Mather, Schell, Graham, and Steele, on an invest-
ment of $30,000, can now go into market and
realize $500,000 on their bargain. It can well
be conceived that after the profound judgment
of Mr. Heiskell on the military importance of re-
taining Fort Snelling, the Secretary of Wafnttght
feel it of consequence to detach the public heroes
now on their march to Utah, General Harney at
the head, for the sake of putting at rest a question
of no great consequence, except to the reputation
of the Secretary, a year after the Fort SneKing
reservation had been sold. But it is not so plain
how these extraordinary petitions to confirm this
extraordinary sale were inspired, without looking
at the papers themselves. The gentleman from
Virginia brought them here, and asked them to
be printed. lie knows the reason for it, and at
whose instance it was done.
The petitions are all in the same language.
Most of them are in the same handwriting. The
leading and imposing signatures are registers and
receivers of land offices, United States marshals
for the Territory and district of Minnesota, terri-
torial justices, surveyors, postmasters, &c. Of
course, they are in favor of the confirmation of
the sale. The most imposing one is headed by
H. H. Sibley, who subscribes himself" Governor
elect of the State of Minnesota," and who, by the
evidence, has an interest in thirty acres of the
most valuable part of the reservation, which may
be fairly quoted at a thousand dollars per acre.
Of course, he is in favor of a confirmation of the
sale, and "protests against any action of Con-
gress to the contrary, and submits his statement
expressive of his views thereon." The gentleman
from Virginia may well feel proud of such auxil-
iaries in his gallant defense.
The rest of the transaction, and that upon which
the committee has felt confident in declaring the
invalidity of this sale, is made plain by the proofs.
Mather was foremost in the invention of the means
by which this outrage to the public was done? He
was present at the outset-. Schell's notion of mor-
als rose only to the " profit of the thing." Mr.
Mather thus obtained an indorser. With an ap-
petite for profit, as the reward of the virtues of
political life, both were at Washington, waiting
for something to turn up. In an inscrutable man-
ner, they gained from the Department of War the
mysterious knowledge that the Fort Snelling res-
ervation was to be sold. It is singular that their
attention was turned in that direction. Then fol-
lowed Dr. Graham, bent on making investments
without money, and with the same hearty appe-
tite for Fort Snelling. These threegentlemen may
be supposed to have been drawn together by moral
affinities, for the conference and subsequent com-
bination, to buy Fort Snelling, is only explicable
on this reason. Then, the importance of embra-
cing Steele bccomes apparent to them because
the instructions of the War Department—myste-
rious knowledge—were to embrace Mr. Steele.
Then, Graham is dispatched to Minnesota, after-
wards returns, reports his success to Mather at
New York, and reaches Washington in time to
accompany the unsuspecting Heiskell, blushing
with the fresh honor of his commission, to Min-
nesota. In this way Heiskell is rewarded for past
political services, but short of his expectations. In
the same time, Mather's appointment to Fort Rip-
ley sends him necessarily past the gates of Fort
Snelling. Heiskell and Eastman are present, de-
vising modes of opposing and defeating combina-
tions. Two or three short days of public service
there, and Heiskell and Eastman are'caught in
the trap of Mather, Schell, Graham, and Steele,
and the public is at once plundered of hundreds
of thousands of its wealth.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulk-
ner,] on yesterday, in recounting the story of
this transaction, was pleased to speak of it, if I
understood him right, as an official blunder. If
I am correct in that, the conclusion of the major-
ity, as expressed in its report, avers no more; and
he, in turn, has been faithless to the inquiry com-
mitted to him, in not having said so much in his
report.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman will re-
member that I said this: that the very woist
aspect that the worst enemy of the Secretary of
War gave to the transaction was to characterize
it as an official blunder.
Mr. PETTIT. I stand corrccted, having had
no opportunity of examining a full report of his
remarks, and not catching his words with entire
distinctness. Then, sir, it was an official blun-
der. The facts themselves are singular. There
is no law that indicates, or that attempts to indi-
cate, that Fort Snelling was to be sold in the sum-
mer of 1857. The act of 1857 no more meant
Fort Snelling than it meant the defenses of the
entry of the port of New York, or Charleston, or
Boston, or New Orleans. It meant just what it
said—a large discretion in the Secretary of War,
to be applied on proper occasions.
It is singular, in this connection, that, soon
after Mather and Schell were attracted here, by
reasons they can best explain, they were aware
of this fact that could only have been communi-
cated by some person in connection with the De-
partment of War; that Graham should have been
combined with them; that they should have been
aware of the unusual instructions soon to come
from that Department, to embrace Franklin Steele,
and nobody else, and that he should have been
brought into the combination; that Graham should
go out for the purpose; that Graham should re-
turn at the moment the commission was to go into
the hands of Heiskell, empowering him, with
Major Eastman, silently and secretly to dispose
of one of the most important defenses of the Gov-
ernment, unknown to everybody, and without
consultation with superior Army officers on whom
the Secretary of War must principally rely to ad-
vise him in the execution of duties connected with
the field. It is singular that such a person as
Heiskell was appointed to so important a trust.
It is singular that Mather should obtain a kindred
appointment in the same section, on the succeed-
ingday. It is singular that, of our whole peo-
ple, Mather should, of the Secretary's own choice,
receive that kindred appointment. General Jcsup,
in order to secure the Government against loss,
had recommended the adoption of a minimum,
which should not be less than the full value of
the reservations; and it is no less singular that,
with an offer on the files of the Department of
Warfor the Fort Snellingreservation at fifteen dol-
lars per acre, the Secretary should have adopted
a minimum of $7 50 per acre; and it is no less so
that while, at one time, Mather, quick in gaming
the knowledge that the sale of the reservation had
been confirmed to Steele, was telegraphing to him
that fact, the Hon. Robert Smith, soon after, at
the War Office, protested against the fairness of
such a sale, and that, on the next day, it was con-
firmed by Secretary Floyd; but that, under such
circumstances, the disastrous and shameless result
followed, is in no manner singular.
However these facts may affect the Secretary
of War, it is conclusive, from these facts, that
Mather, Schell, Graham, and Steele, conspired in
a transaction against the known policy of the
Government, disposing, as they well knew, of one
of its most important defenses, violating law and
usage in regard to the sale of public lands, and
deliberating and executing an enormous fraud on
the Government.
From such considerations as these, the com-
mittee, in the discharge of its duty, has had no
alternative left hut to characterize it m this man- i
ner. If, on the part of the Secretary of War, it i
is a blunder, it has, in its consequences, the dig- ;
nity of crime. The purchasers, at least, are com- i
plicated in fraud, and the duty of the Government
is to declare an abandonment of the sale. To
these arguments, and to the solid law on which
these conclusions are based, the minority of the
committee, though complaining of faults, wrong
quotations, and wrong conclusions, have made
no answer. No single word of reply has been
made to any of the specifications insisted on by
the majority of the committee, unless to the first,
which asserts, that in making this sale the Sec-
retary of War acted without authority of law.
Even the argument of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, as it is stated on the fifty-fourth page of his
report, admits this, but insists only that the dis-
cretion of the Secretary is unlimited, and beyond
question. Sir, if 1 apprehend rightly the author-
ity of this House, which, as it provides the means
for revenue, is likewise authorized to prescribe
the manner of its disbursement, this transaction
is not above its inquiry. I do not speak of its
power of impeachment, which, if applicable to
this case, is clearly within the competency of the
body, but in that other sense, that it is especially
the guardian of the public riches, and may at all
times inquire how the resources from which its
revenues are derived are wasted by weakness,
fault, or crime. The badges of fraud are over this
whole transaction, if not in its inception, at least
at its end.
Mr. Speaker, I am admonished, as I proceed,
that I have entered on the last minute of time al-
lowed for this argument. Other topics multiply
before me, some of which have, so far, escaped
my notice; but now, having done this duty, as
well as 1 might, I lectve the question for the action
of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know whether I
understand the state of the question. I wish to
know of the Chair whether there will be an op-
portunity to vote upon the resolutions of the ma-
jority of the committee or not?
The SPEAKER. That depends upon whether
the amendments are adopted as a substitute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There will be
afinal vote, as I understand it, between the amend-
ments, if any of them are adopted, and the reso-
lutions of the majority.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether he has determined upon the right of the
House to have a separate vote upon each of the
several amendments?
The SPEAKER. One amendment was offered
this morning by the gentleman from Virginia, and
subsequently another amendment by the gentle-
man fiom New York. The Chair stated when
adivision was called, so that separate votes should
be taken upon each resolution embraced m the
amendments, that each amendment must be treated
as an entirety, unless by the unanimous consent
of the House,separate votes should be taken upon
each of the resolutions in the amendments as well
as in the original proposition. The unanimous
consent of the House was then given to the prop-
osition for a division of the question. The ques-
tion, therefore, will first be upon agreeing to the
first resolution offered by the gentleman from
New York, then to the second, then to the third,
then to the fourth, and that portion of the amend-
ment which the House may agree to, if it should
agree to any of the resolutions, will then be voted
upon as an amendment to the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia,[Mr. Faulkner] . If that
prevails the question will arise upon the amend-
ment as amended and the original propositions of
the committee. If the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York fails, the propo-
sition will then be upon the first resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia, then upon the second,
and then between the two, if they should be
agreed to, and the original resolutions of the com-
mittee. The Chair will endeavor to propound the
questions in such way that the House can have
an expression of opinion upon each of the reso-
lutions contained in the several propositions.
Mr. BOCOCK. Do I understand the Chair
to say that if any one of the resolutions of the
gentleman from New York should be agreed to,
that would be considered as a substitute to the
resolutions offered by my colleague, [Mr. Faulk-
ner,] and that the resolutions offered by my col-
league would be excluded?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that if any
one of the resolutions offered by the gentleman
from New York, should be adopted, the question
