1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
doubt, that the first section of the bill should be
adopted; but I submit that the second section
should not be. If private property of officers is
to be thus paid for by the Government, you will
liave applications at the next Congress for at least
one million dollars. The distinguished gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] who com-
manded a division on the southern line of Mex-
ico, lost a large supply of commissary stores.
There was scarcely an officer in the servicc who
has not lost private property. They have lost
their supplies, their camp equipage, their mess-
chests; and it has not nnfrequently happened that
the commanding officer of a train has been tinder
the necessity of throwing them away. I hope the
motion of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Taylor] will be agreed to. "
Mr. STANTON. 1 think it is perfectly clear
that this bill should pass,and,as far as thesecond
section is concerned, I think that allowance should
be made for the loss of the horses. I think allow-
ance cannot be made forthe restonany sound prin-
ciple. Thore is a special law making (he United
States responsible for horses lost in service; hut it
has been settled over ami over again that for private
baggage, &c,, lost Jn the service, the Government
does not pay compensation. .Now, if the,gontle-
man from Ren tacky [Mr. Oi.ay] will hx the value
of the horses, and will modify the amount con-
tained in the second section, by leaving m it
simply the value of the horses, 1 thmk there will
be no objection.
Mr. TA\ LOR, of Louisiana. I suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio <lwit the second section may
be stricken out, and the matter referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. But it does seem hardly
worth while to be making two bites of a cherry.
It is hardly Worth while to have the matter sent
before a committee, if the gentleman will consent
to modify it ns I suggest. I think there will bo
then no objection.
i\jr TA \ LOR, of Louisiana. Out how are we
to settle the v;\lue of (he holies5
Air. (.'LAY. The value of the hor.ses is ascer-
tained.
Alt. MASON. I think the object of the gen-
tleman Irian Ohio has nbeady bei a aitaim d, I'm
the committee has docked the claim down tiom
to *>700.
i\lr. SMITH, of Vuginia. 1 ask the g-entle-
manfrom Kentucky [Mr. M \kmi u.i. j how many
ho rues a ca|>luin is entitled to ?
Mr. MAllSHALL, of Kentucky, lie is en-
titled to three, I think.
Mr. LKTCUKR. Is there not a law providing
for the payment of horse's lost tn service f
Mr. S\1lTf 1, of Virginia Certainly.
Air. LKTCl Hill. Andwhyeannot tlie gentle-
men 1 Mi paid under that law, instead of coming
here.
Mr. CiUITMAN. I have not giv< n much at-
tention to t his matter, but 1 would ca v to the gen-
tleman from Virginia (hat tlie t-Jovei nment pays
only for inures kihed in battle, to the extent of
$1200, and the («o vet nment also compensates offi-
cers foi then- horses, when they are delivered into
the hands of the quartet master, and when they
are sepaiated liom their horses. |ht 11 he gemual
law of t his count i v does not permit allowances for
horses, e:.C"i>t tho/e thai aie killed in ba tle.
Air. MAR-SHALL, o!' Kentucky. I thmk it
will be p.-ic-iwd, on looking over (hn gentle-
man's schedule, that the committee bus stricken
off ail of tho-se items that lela'e to jirnpei ty that
a man ought well carry about his person, and has
alh>wed only for those articles that belong to htm
mthe camp, and which he was compelled to aban-
don when he moved forwaid. The whole allair
is a tmguty small one to have a discussion about;
but since we have the discussion, we may as well
come to some point about it. Here is a gold
watch, $330—that is stnuk off, two suits of
clothes, $130—that isst ruck off; twelve, ne w whirls,
£60—that is struck otF; one hunting rifle, ^(>0—
that is struck oft: because these were things at-
tach* d to his person.
Now, we are asked why he does not go to the
Third uidi tors office to get pay for Ins lost horses?
For tlie simple reason, in the first place—and I
know it experimentally—that it is extiemely dif-
ficult to got a clann thumgh that office,. Proba-
bly no man knows that fact better than I do, for
I presented to that office the claims of the soldiers
of that regiment, until I became so disgusted with
the practice oi the office, thatl abandoned the at-
tempt in despan , and refused to present any more
claims.
But this claim does not fall within the law. It
is not a claim for horses lost in battle; not for
horses lost in the service; not for horses lost for
want of proper provisions, not for horses lost
from being fed exclusively upon corn. This is
a claim pecuhaily within the jurisdiction of Con-
gress.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Kentucky is addressing himself
to this sale of the House, and not to the Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am ad-
dressing the Chair,bull am nresistibly attracted
to address the particular part of the House to
winch there is need thatl should address myself.
[Laughter.] This is a small affair, and does not
give Air Clay half of what he ought to be allowed.
[Us case is simply this: lie was ordered to go
out of camp, expecting to be. gone only from morn-
ing to night, lie was ordered to go out and dis-
lodge a set of highwaymen who threatened one of
our trains, lie took a party of men, and rode
some twenty or thirty miles. When he arrived at
the designated point, instead of being allowed to
return, his superior officer ordered him to go to
Montetey upon seiviee just as pressing as the
foimer service. I believe it was to guard that
vet y train, which was threaten< d, on to Monterey.
When he got thore another snpei ior oDicer ordered
him to go to Saltillo. On an iving at that point ho
was ordered to advance some twenty or thirty
miles, when he was taken pnsonei, and taken to
the City ofMexioo. All ins propei ty u as left in
the camp, ami was lost. 1 do nut know what be-
came (if the horses. They weie probably piessed
into the Sv rvice, and i ode to de.t: h. lie sud'cied
in an (iiemy's country> and when he comes to
Confess for iclief, we Ibid a <;ravu di -non
auses; and m that discussion we spend more
mnnev than the u boh i hum amounts to. lie has
been here an applicant since IH-IH—the simple
mat ter of tmi years.
Mr. TA YLOR. of Louisiana. I desire to ask
the gentleman wlmthei, at the time of the capture
ol < 'aptaiu Clay, he was nut in command of that
l crimen t ?
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentmky. I was the
colonel of the regiment, ami I had, 1 suppose, the
command of it wherever it might be. I had, tech-
nically, the command of Captain ('lay when he
was in the penitentiary in Me\ico.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. 1 only wished
to know, as i supposed it possible t here mii'Ju be
a good claim against my inend from Kentmky,
as commander, for the loss of the pioperty, and
none against the United States. [Lau^htei. |
Air. M A USHA LL, of Kentucky, i was not
to take c.ue of Mr. Clay's hors"s. (Laugh-
ter "j I do not. think I ever saw bis horses. This
is a small matter, and i think we had better pass
it at once
Air. MlLLSON. I know but little about the
fai ts of tins case; hut if 1 understand it—and if I
do not I beg gentlemen to correct im—the case
involves a puneipie to winch I never can give my
sanction. And hist, I ask my Inend from Ken-
tucky, who has just talc en his seat, if he was the
nuhtai y supei ior who ^ave the order, the execu-
tion of which subjected Mr. ('lav to the judgment
for damages?, for wh edi he now chums indem nity.
Alt. M V RSI IA LL, of Kentucky. No, sir; 1
was not m my camp when t) : oider was given;
but I witnessed the tt ial in tin' ei\il court, and 1
rem-'uilxu well'tbat the pidge decided that if Air.
Ckiy ''onminted a tiespa- s upon this lady, or upon
hei pt dpi i ty, by order of the United Stan s, he
could nut piead theorder m bar in thecoma, The
judgment m the e^se of Lieutenant Mitchell—in
who h uiNe the Govern on nt of the Cmted States
paid a hundred-odd thousand dollars to save him
fiomthe judgnvnt—was rendei ed in New York.
The suit was brought Jn c,m^< quern e of his having
executed the oiderof Colonel Doniphan; and that
case is gua'uor prdil)Vi* with ti:.s.
Air. AULLSON. The gieat mistake m the
matter is that into which the gentleman has just,
lallen—in supposing tint Mr. Clay Ins been;
made to pay the amount of this judgment because j
of the execution of the oi'h rof he United States.
Sir, it was because in1 had disub'-v-'d the order of
the people of the United States. He had done an I
act which the court pronounced illegal. The peo-
ple of the United States, when asked for indem-
nity, declared that that act should not have been
performed.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman—being more practiced in military af-
fairs than myself—permit me to ask him whether
he would admit the principle that when a colonel
in the field gives an order to a lieutenant colonel
to do a thing, to storm a house or to take a posi-
tion, the lieutenant colonel may turn round to him
and say, " in my opinion it is not a legal order,
and I will not execute it?"
Mr. MILLSONs I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky should ask me such a ques-
tion. The oath of every military officer is, that
he will obey the legal ordeis of his superior offi-
cers. The oath which he takes to obey the legal
orders requires him to disobey the illegal orders.
And why, sir' Because he has sworn to support
the Constitution of the United States. In swear-
ing- fidelity in the discharge of his duties, he im-
pliedly swears that lie will execute the orders of
his superiors which are legal.
Air. CLAY. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia whether he considers it proper
for every soldier in the Army to constitute him-
self a judge of constitutional law, and to mquiio
into the legality of every orderof his commanding
officer? Would not that be subversive of military
discipline ?
Air. M1LLSON. No,sir. Itisthe boundenduly
of each officer or soldier to know the law; and if
he mistakes the law he does so at his peril. And
the principle that a subordinate officer or soldier
is bound to obey the peremptory order of hissu-
penor officer, because he has no right to inquire
into the legality of that oidei, is one which is ic-
pudiated iven in England ;mr there, although by
their constitution the King can do no wrong, y*H
t lie order of the King furnisher no j usi ilieation for
tho act of the minister. The humblest subject of
Cieat Hnttun is liable to the pumshmentadjudged
to any infraction of the law, even when he vio-
lates that law at the command of his sovereign.
British lu-'tory will show many cases where Brit-
ish ministers have been brought to the block be-
cause they preferred to obey the command of their
c>o\ereign lather than the command of the law.
it is unquestionably true that a man is some-
times placed tn a very difficult and embarrassing
position, when, for instance, he is required by
the order of a military superior to perform an act
which lie supjioses to be m violation of the law.
lie may n« t be very well skilled tn the law, and
it may be a question of doubt whether the act is
an infraction of the law or not. Perhaps tho moat
prudential course for the suboi<%ate to pursue,
would be to obey the command given him by his
mihtaiy superior, whoie he is not well assured
that he is required to violate tho law; but if he is
required to violate the law, if the net does involve
a violation of the law, he cannot plead the order
of his supou ior, nor ought he to be allowed to
plead the older of his supeiun , Jot that would be
m substance to say that a dispensing power is
given to a military officer which is not given to
any other officer of our Clovei nment, and that the
laws of the land may be set at naught whenever
a military officer may think jo-oper to disregard
them or to command their violation. I say that
that is a principle which juvvails nowhere; and
although m general it is peilmjis piudent and
jiohtic on tlie part of the infei ior to obey the com-
mon! of his superior, which he does not know
will violate the law, yet 1 put tiie inquiry to my
luend fiom Kentucky, whether, if a subordinate
officer or a private soldier be commanded by his
military superior to do an act which he deems m
violation ot the law, In: ought to do it; and if he
does do it, whethci he ought to be exempt from
punishment :
Air. CL VY. It seem<? to me that this case is
not so phini a case as the one the gentleman has
mentioned. The fellow-soldiers of Captain Clay
were fired upon, and some of them were killer.
Those who were in the house were the first tres-
passers. Captain Clay was ordered to go there,
and to bring away deserteis who were in the
house. Every endeavor was made to save the
sacrifice of life. Tne house v.as surrounded, the
doors were burst open, the house was entered
from which the shots came that killed his fellow-
soldiers, and the deserters were arrested and
