546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men, in that Territory in rebellion against Federal
authority. On the 30th March, 1855, the people of
that Territory were summoned to the ballot-box to
elect thirteen members of the Legislative Council
and twenty-six members of the House of Repre-
sentatives. On that day there was an invasion of
that Territory of forty-nine hundred men from the
neighboring State of Missouri. These forty-nine
hundred armed men went into every council dis-
trict and into every representative district but
one. They took possession of the electoral urns;
they selected the Legislature to frame the laws for
that Territory, and to shape and mold its future.
Of the twenty-nine hundred men in the Territory
who had a right to vote, less than fourteen hun-
dred voted on that day, and yet a majority of act-
ual residents were in favor of a free State and
had majorities in sixteen of the eighteen districts.
These facts have been proved, demonstrated, by
taking the names of the persons enrolled as actual
voters, and taking the names of the persons who
voted on the 30th of March. These facts were
proved under the order of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by a thorough investigation by a
committee of that House, and no man here or
elsewhere can deny them.
The people of Kansas had imposed upon them
that day a government not elected by themselves,
a government imposed upon them by those forty-
nine hundred men from the State of Missouri.
The people of the Territory felt this to be a great
outrage on their rights. They had a right to feel
so. The people of any State would have felt out-
raged on going to the ballot-boxes and finding
them in the possession of armed men from an-
other State. GovernorReederundertook to cor-
rect some of these frauds upon the ballot-box by
withholding certificates from the members thus
elected, and Governor Reeder, on that day when
he undertook to right these wrongs, was marked
for swift destruction.
The Legislature assembled; threw out the free-
State members who held certificates from Gov-
ernor Reeder; it passed laws violating the rights
of a free people; it violated the freedom of speech
and of the press; it denied to them the right to go
to the ballot-box unless they took a test oath that
no freeman could take without degradation. Those
laws would not allow a ninn to sit m a jury-box
if lie denied the right to hold slaves in that Terri-
tory. These jaws were intended—to umo the lan-
guage of one of the leading men who imposed
them on the people—to degrade and diive out of
the Territory the free-State men. What were
freemen to do under such circumstances? They
had been brought up m the belief that the people
were the inherent source of power, that ail power
came from the people in then* sovereign capacity.
They had read the Kansas-Nebraska act, and
they supposed that act confened on the people,
without the intervention of a Territorial Legisla-
ture or of Congress, the right to come together to
frame a constitution and to ask foradmission into
the CJnion as a sovereign State. The people, of
other Territories had framed such constitutions.
They assembled in convention, they framed such
a constitution, they submitted that constitutions
the people and it received the popular verdict.
They elected their officers under it; they chose
their Senators, and stmt them to this Chamber to
awk foi admission into the Union. They under-
took to enforce no laws, and from that time to the
present tliey have kept that Topeka government
in existence; they have framed some acts neces-
sary for its preservation; but. from that day to
tins tiiey have never attempted to enforce those
Jaws. I declare hereto-day what I know person-
ally to be absolutely true, and 1 declare itin the face
of the declaration of Governor Walker and of the
President, that the presence of your army in that
Territory, the proclamations of your officials, the
action here in the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, have not prevented that people from
putting those laws m execution; but they have
acted accoidmg to their own well chosen and de-
liberate policv. They never intended to go into
rebellion; they never intended to enforce these
laws against the laws of Congress. They have
always denied the validity of your territorial laws
which were imposed upon them by fraud and force;
they have not used them for the protection of their
liberties or their lives. Young men, who went to
that Territory to practice their professions, have,
from conscientious scruples, from that time to this
February 8,
engaged in the most common labors oflife rather
than acknowledge those laws, or take the oath to
support them. The masses of the people of that
Territory from that time to this have never ac-
knowledged those laws as binding on them; they
have never claimed their protection. They have
been outraged, robbed, imprisoned; they have
seen their dwellings burned down; they have been
invaded; many of their feilow-citizens have been
murdered because they loved liberty; but they
have not invoked the protection of those laws.
They never have; they never will; they never
ought to do so. No man here would ever submit
to them, orclaim their protection, oruse them for
his own personal protection.
The President, in support of this charge of re-
bellion, quotes the evidence of Governor Walker.
Governor Walker, sir, went to that Territory as
the P"esident's instrument to accomplish a cer-
tain purpose. He was appointed Governor of
tlmf Territory on the 30th of March, 1857; he
entered that Territory on Sabbath evening, the
24th of May. Much of the intervening sixty days
of time was spent by the Governor in making
speeches, and writing letters magnifying his great
mission. I went to the Territory from St. Louis
in company with Governor Walker; I saw him
at Lawience; I saw him when he was welcomed
by the people of " rebellious" Lawrence in a gen-
erous way, of which any man might be proud; I
was at Leeompton, the capital, when he arrived
there. Governor Walker went to that Territory,
and his own letters demonstrate it, on this mission
to divide the people of Kansas who were in favor
of a free State, to unite the free-State Democrats
with the pro-slavery men, and secure the slavery
then existing in Kansas, and make ita black-law,
pro-slavery, Democratic State. That was his mis-
sion; and no man in America could have labored
rnoro faithfully to accomplish that object. He went
to that Territory a pro-slavery man, in favor of the
pro-slavery policy of this country; and in his in-
augural address to the people, in view of the fact
that it might become a free State, he said that the
great Indian territory of the South would be slave
territory, and that slave States might be made out
of it. 1 was there when that address was issued;
and although we are told now that everything in
the Territory was in a state of excitement bor-
dering on rebellion, I say here to-day, that there
was no spot on the Noith American continent
where there was more quiet than existed on the
1st of June last in the Territory of Kansas. Re-
bellion existed only m the teeming brain of Gov-
ernor Walker. The persons appointed to take
the census and to enroll the voters had not per-
formed their duty in about half of the counties
of the Territory. The free-State men, under the
lead of Governor Robinson and otherleadingmen,
made a proposition to acting Governor Stanton,
before Governor Walker arrived, to go into the
election of delegates to the convention if they
could be enrolled, and the ballot-boxes so pro-
tected that there should be no invasions and no
fraudulent voting. They did not wish to commit
themselves in that election, and find at the polls
what they found at the polls on the 30th of March,
1855—an invading host of illegal voters, to rob
them of their rights. Secretary Stanton, who was
then acting Governor, to whom this proposition
was made, answered these gentlemen by saying
he had no power to coirect the list of voters, and
he could do nothing to aid them. Some of the
people, in some of the counties where the officials
had refused to take the census or to register the
voters, made an application to go on and elect their
delegates; and it was suggested to them that they
could do so, and that their delegates might be ac-
cepted by the convention. When the day of elec- j
tion came, 'ess than twenty-three hundred men j
went to the polls to vote, about one ninth part of i
all the voters in the Territory.
When the result of that election was known in
the Territory, it was believed by intelligent men
of all parties that the convention would never as-
semble; that it had gone down beneath the moral
sentiment of the people, that it was an ignomin-
ious and contemptible failure. The President
quotes Governor Walker's hasty and ill-timed
language in regard to the action of the people of
the city of Lawrence. We were told here, the
other day, by a Senator from Georgia, that the
city of Lawrence was the sink of filth, folly, and
falsehood. Sir, I venture to say that there is not
atownin the United States, north, south, east, or
west, of the numbers to be found in this town of
Lawrence, containing more of individual worth,
or personal character, or general intelligence. I
venture to say that there are more college gradu-
ates in that town, than in any town west of the
Alleghanies of equal population. The people of
Lawrence are alaw-abiding, liberty-loving people.
Having lived for two years without the protection
of law, having been robbed and plundered, and
being desirous of doing something for their own
local interests, the people of that town, in July last,
framed and adopted a city charter. The people
there are all on one side—there are, I think, only
two or three slave-State men there, and no on©
intended to enforce any laws on them. It was a'
charter framed by common consent. The laws
under it were intended to be executed by common
consent. The committee of the people say in their
address:
"Ai its action will be purely local, and have reference
merely to our own internal affairs, no collision is appre-
hended with any other organization claiming to exercise
general jurisdiction ill the Territory."
They did not intend to violate the laws of the
Union, or of the Territory. The Governor moved
Sie troops ypon that town,and pronounced their
acts rebellion; but the people went right on.
They framed their ordinances, they put their
ordinances in execution, while his army was en-
camped on their soil; and from that time to this,
they have peacefully and quietly administered
their own local town affairs, and have harmed ,
nobody in or out of the Territory. This simple
act, performed by common consent, having the
assent of the whole people, intended to operate
only in their own local affairs, was pronounced
by Governor Walker as the greatest rebellion the
world had ever witnessed!
" A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily involving such
awful consequences, has never before disgraced any age or
country."
This ridiculous declaration is only equaled by
his ridiculous action in moving the army on Law-
rence. The Governor tells us that this town of
Lawrence was the hot-bed of the Abolitionists of
the East, that paid agents of those societies were
there. I deny the fact that paid agents were in
the town of Lawrence, of any Abolition society,
East or West.
The Legislature imposed on Kansas by lawless
violence provided that the people should vote in
October, 1856, whether they would call a conven-
tion to frame a constitution. In October, 1856,
the vote was taken, and about two thousand votes
were given upon that question. Test oaths were
then demanded, and the free-State men would
not vote. The President sharply censures them
for not doing so. The Legislature, in the winter
of 1857, passed the convention act. Tile plan
was to make Kansas a slave State. The time, the
mode, and the machinery were all selected with
the skill of political tricksters to secure that re-
sult. Governor Geary vetoed the act, because it
contained no clause authorizing and directing the
submission of the constitution to the people for
their ratification or rejection. In a succinct letter
Governor Geaiy tells us that—
" In a confeience with the committees of the two Houses,
by whom riie hill had been lepoited, I proposed to sign the
bill, provided they would insert in it a section authorizing
the submission of the constitution as above indicated. But
they distinctly informed me that the bill mot the approba-
tion of their friends m the South—that it was not their in-
tention the constitution should ever be submitted to the peo-
ple, ami that to all intents and purposes it was like the laws
of the Medes and Persian's, and could not be altered "
Governor Geary tells us that lie was informed
that the reason why the constitution was not to be
submitted to the people was, that their friends in
the South, who were m favor of making Kansas a
slave State, required that it should not be submit-
ted. Their friends in the South were wise in this
respect. They believed they could control the
election of the delegates to the convention; but
iheyknew that if the constitution was submitted
to a fair vote of the people, the people by an over-
whelming majority would vote it down ; and they
then demanded, if we are to believe these gentle-
men of the committees of the two Houses, that the
constitution should not be submitted tothe people.
Why did gentlemen from the South demand that
the constitution should not be acted on by the
people ? They knew that that people were in favor
of making Kansas a free State; that they would
vote down any constitution that did not make
