1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Kansas*afree State; and therefore the people must
be robbed of their right to vote on their own con-
stitution.
The President sent Governor Walker to the Ter-
ritory with the promise, with the assurance that
the ■people should vote upon the constitution.
Governor Walker, in his letter of acceptance,
says that he understands the President and Cab-
inet to be committed to that policy. Governor
Walker went to the Territory, and inhisinaugural
address promised the people that " unless the
convention submit the constitution to the vote of
all the actual resident settlers of Kansas, and the
election be fairly and justly conducted, the consti-
tution will be, and ought to be rejected by Congress."
What was the effect of these declarations on the
people? The people said "the census has not been
taken; the registry has not been honestly made;
we shall be cheated if we go to the polls to elect
delegates to this convention. We do not wish to
commit ourselves and then be cheated and de-
frauded. We will let them elect their delegates to
the convention,frame their constitution, and when
they submit it to us, we will vote it down." That
was the sentiment of the free-State men through-
out the whole Territory, and all the evidence goes
tQ show it. I know it to be so by my own per-
sonal experience in that Territory. I know it to
be the sentiment of the leading men and of the
people.
We are told by the President that the reason
why they did not vote was that thpy wanted to
enforce their Topeka constitution; that they want-
ed to frame laws and establish their rebellious
government! Sir, they had a convention on the
9th of June, before the delegates were elected to
the Lecompton convention, and they voted, with
only one solitary exception, against putting the
laws framed under the Topeka constitution in
force. The people intended nothing of this kind;
but they decided to elect their officers under the
Topeka constitution, to keep that Government
alive for protection in the last resort and thpn re-
solved to go into the October election under pro-
test. They went into the October election and
carried the Legislature and Delegate to Congress.
Now, sir, I wish to call attention for a few mo-
ments to Governor Walker's course in regard to
the October election. The President quotes Gov-
ernor Walker when he sustains his theory, but
he does not quote him when Governor Walker's
testimony goes to show that the people of Kansas
have been cheated and defrauded. For promis-
ing that the people of the Territory should have
the right to vote on their constitution, Governor
Walker was assailed in all the slave States of this
Union south of us. I think some of the Senators
of this body demanded that he should be removed.
He was denounced throughout the southern States
by a class of public men and by a class of public
journals for having promised that the people of
Kansas should have a fair opportunity to vote
for the adoption or rejection of the Lecompton
constitution. The Administration which gave
him that assurance quailed beneath this denun-
ciation from the slaveholding States. It changed
its policy, abandoned Walker, and betrayed the
people of Kansas.
When the October election came on, there was
stupendous frauds perpetrated at Oxford and in
McGee county. These fraudulent votes, if count-
ed, would have settled the character of the Territo-
rial Legislature. Governor Walker could not give
his sanction to those frauds. Whatdidhedo? He
investigated the frauds at Oxford, and the frauds
ill McGee county, and threw out the fraudulent
votes. For that act, for throwing out these pal-
pable frauds, for throwing out the list made up
out of the Cincinnati directory, m which it is said
Governor Chase's name was included, for per-
forming that act of justice, Governor Walker
was assailed from one end of the southern States
to the other by politicians and presses. Men who
had sustained the invasion of the 30th of March,
1855, of four thousand nine hundred men from
Missouri, men who had refused to investigate
those frauds, men who had upheld the laws en-
acted by the Territorial Legislature, men who had
sustained the use of the army in the Territory,
and all the acts which have transpired in that Ter-
ritory, these men denounced Governor Walker
for throwing out frauds that prevented them, as
they thought, from consummating the iniquity of
dragging Kansas into the Union as a slave State.
We are told by the President that the people
of Kansas have had a fair opportunity to vote on
the slavery question. I am surprised that the
President of the United States has so little regard
for the intelligence of the Senate and the country,
and for his own reputation, as to make a declara-
tion of that character. The people of Kansas had
a fair opportunity, he tells us, to vote on the 21st
of December last, for or against slavery. Sir, they
had no such opportunity; and the President of
the United States, if he does not know it, ought
to know it. The slaves in the Territory, it was
declared by the Lecompton constitution, were
property; and—
" The right of property in slaves now m the Territory shall
ill no manner be mteifeied With."
'■ No aiteiation shall be made to affect the right of prop-
erly ill tile ownership of slaves."
These provisions went into your constitution
with no slavery ! There are about three hundred
slaves in the Territory of Kansas. This consti-
tution with no slavery recognizes the existence
of the right of property in those slaves, and de-
clares that in no manner shall that property be
interfered with. In any proposed amendment to
the constitution, we are told " that no alteration
shall be made to affect the right of property in the
ownership of slaves." That was the constitution
with no slavery.
Then we have the constitution with slavery;
and I assure Senators that I had much rather have
your Lecompton constitution, with slavery, than
your Lecompton constitution without slavery.
Your constitution without slavery recognized sla-
very in the State, declared that it should never bo
interfered with, made iteternal; those slaves then
there and their posterity forever. That was the
constitution without slavery. What a mockery
is it to tell the people of Kansas that they had an
opportunity to vote for or against malting a slave
State.
But we are now told by the President tffat we
can change this constitution before 1864 1 have
no doubt of that. I believe the people have the
right to change their constitution when they
please, and just how they please. But what
security have we that the'men who have been re-
treating for the last ten years from the Wilmot
proviso down to the doctrine that slavery exists
in the Territories by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, as much as it exists m Georgia or
South Carolina—what security have we that the
President of the United States, that the Congress
of the United States, that the Supreme Court of
the United States, will not declare that this con-
stitutional provision cannot be changed, that it is
of binding force in the new State, and is the
eternal law of that State, beyond the reach of the
people ? I know there are men ill the country who
have already proclaimed this to be true. You
can find in southern presses the doctrine that the
people have no right to change it. If the slave
drivers of the South put their foot down and de-
mand that that shall be the accepted doctrine of the
Administration and the pro-slavery Democratic
party, the Administration and the pro-slavery
Democratic party, with all the branches of author-
ity, will adopt it as readily as they have adopted
any of the monstrous heresies of the past. I
have no faith in their promises or declarations.
I know that this Administration came into being
as the agent of the slave propagandists; that by
them it lives, moves, and has its being, and with-
out their support it would perish in one hour.
Whenever the slave power makes a demand on
this Administration, or on the pro-slavery Demo-
cratic party, that demand 1 know is first resisted
by a portion of them in the North, but they sur-
render in the end. No man can maintain his
manhood and continue to enjoy the confidence of
the Africanized Democracy of this age.
If we had said, Mr. President, twelve years
ago, that the Democratic party, which then, in
both Houses of Congress, stood up here for the
glorious doctrines of the ordinance of 1787, would
haveretreated from thatdoctrine, and come down,
down, to the doctrine that the Constitution of the
United States carries slavery wherever it goes all
over the Territories; that wherever it goes it car-
ries chains and fetters for men; they would have
justly regarded it as a libel upon them, but there
they are now. They have only got a step or two
further to go. They have only got to declare—and
they have raised the question in the judicial tri-
bunals of the country—that they- ttiay take thei?
slaves in transitu, through the free States, arid thetJ
come to the final doctrine enunciated in the Union
a few days ago, that these views, legitimately, car-*
ried out, would prevent the abolition of slavery in
the States by the State constitutions. I believe
they intend to come to that. 1 believe the slajve-
holding interest will ultimately demand the right
not only to carry their slaves into the Territories
and hold them there, but they will demand th«
right to carry their slaves in transitu through all
the States, and then to set up the doctrine whieh
we find in the Kansas constitution, that slaves are
property, that property is above all constitutions
and all laws, and that you have no right by con-
stitutional action, or any other action, to abolish
slavery in the States. Then we shall be an Af-
ricanized Republic.
The President tells us that the people of Kan-
sas, on the 4th of January, by voting for the elec-
tion of officers under the Lecompton constitution,
recognized its validity. If the people of Kansaa
refuse to vote, they are denounced as rebels that
have no rights, and they are held to be bound by
the will of those who do vote. Sf they do vote,
then they recognize the validity of this constitu-
tion. The President will not be satisfied with
their action any way. The Legislature,, finding
that this constitution was not to be submitted to
the people, assembled,and summoned the people
to the ballot-box on the 4th of January, to give
their votes for or against the constitution. By til®
provisions of that constitution there was an elec-
tion to take place on that day. The free-State
men went lo the ballot-box, and by from twelve to
thirteen thousand votes voted down that consti-
tution. They wanted to make another protest
against it; and what were they to do ? They could
not vote against the Lecompton men for State and
Legislative officers, without putting up men of
theirownandclecting those men over them. They
nominated a ticket. They went into that canvass
to vote down that constitution, and to vote down
the men who supported it.
This vote of the people of Kansas against these
men and for the election of free-State men, was
an additional protest against your Lecompton
swindle; and it is a perversion of fact, a perversion
of truth, a perversion of all that is just, for any
man; be he President, Senator, or Representative,
to charge that the people of Kansas, by votingfor
the election of officers under the constitution,
intended, in any way, to give tbeirsanction to it.
These men went to the ballot-box on the 4th of
January to blot out forever the Lecompton con-
stitution. They knew the people were against it
by an overwhelming majority—of five or six to
one. They meant to overthrow Calhoun and his
corrupt minions in that Territory, who have vio-
lated law and justice, who have stained their
names and lives by frauds and outrages. They
meant not only to vote down the constitution,
but to crush out the men who were endeavoring
to force it upon them. The only way to do that
was to elect men, pledged against the constitution,
and who would come here as they already have
done, and ask you, ask Congress, ask the coun-
try, to re ject it as a fraud on the people. Yet this
act, proclaimed to the country and to the world,
the President of the United States misrepresents
and perverts.
Sir, we have had enough of these petty quibbles
in Congress without expecting them to come from
the other end of the avenue. We have had the
pleading of technicalities, ail the little technicali-
ties and specialities put in on a great question of
public policy. All the outrages in Kansas have
been perpetrated under the color of law. Tyrants
always rule under the color of law. Instead of
asking- " what is the opinion of the people ? what
do they want?"—instead of ascertaining what the
public will is, we have had Senators, Represent-
atives, and now we have the President, quibbling
on technicalities and forms by which the sub-
stance is to be lost to the public.
We have the evidence of Governor Reeder, of
Governor Geary, of Governor Stanton, in a paper
recently published, and of Governor Walker, that
outrages and frauds have,from time to time, been
perpetrated in the Territory of Kansas. Now we
have before us the fruits of all these frauds and
all those wrongs. Senators here object to their
final consummation. The Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. DoueLAs,] who introduced the measure for
