548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, who, for
four years, has stood here, and before the country,
as the champion, the acknowledged champion,
of that policy—a man who, during the struggles
of the last three or four years, has led here, as
he had a right to lead the supporters of this policy
in the Territory of Kansas and in the country,
asks that these frauds shall not triumph; that
these wrongs shall not be finally consummated.
He asks that the people of Kansas may have an
opportunity to vote upon the constitution, for or
against, before admission into the Union; and
becausc he has paused now, because he simply
asks that the people shall have the right to vote
in framing a constitution for their own govern-
ment, he is denounced from one end of the coun-
try to the other, by the supporters of the policy
indicated by the President in this message. He
has not uttered a word or written a line indorsing
the views that we on this side of the Chamber
hold on the question of slavery; but because he
now demands that the plighted faith of his party
shall be redeemed, that the people shall have the
right to vote on their own constitution, he is
hunted down in the Senate and in the country.
Already he is branded in some sections of this
Union as a Black Republican, or the ally of the
Black Republicans. Black Republicanism seems
now to be this: any man is a Black Republican
who refuses to support the last iniquity, the last
crowning act of infamy. No matter though his
whole life has been devoted to the interests of
slavery, if he pauses now, if he refuses to allow
slavery to triumph by palpable frauds, he is to
be crushed for that act, and to be read out of the
Democratic party.
Tho Governor of Virginia—that Governor who
was ready to dissolve the Union in 1856 if Fre-
mont was elected, who was ready to call out his
militia, and who boasted that they would "hew
their bright way through all opposing legions"—
has pronounced these acts in Kansas " unvailed
trickeries" and 44 shameless frauds," which the
people of Virginia would scorn; for that declara-
tion he is denounced in Virginia and throughout
the country. You have had Recdcr, Geary,
Stanton, and Walker sacrificed. Now you pro-
pose to sacrifice the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, and the hardly less distinguished cham-
pion of the pro-slavery Democracy of the Old Do-
minion. \ou propose to drive everybody outof
this Administration party who refuses to consum-
mate the last iniquity, to make effective the last
crime in the interests of slavery.
I hope the motion I have made to instruct the
Committee on Territories to investigate every-
thing connected with the formation of the consti-
tution of Kansas will be adopted by the Senate.
If Senators are disposed now, at this time, with
all these frauds, all these wrongs before this
nation, to investigate and bo guided by the facts,
the country will give them the credit, whatever
may be their wish of being actuated by a sense
of justice. The ear ofthis country is pained with
the crimes and frauds that have been perpetrated
in Kansas. No man here or elsewhere can doubt
them for a moment. The voice of the people of
Kansas comes here in a thousand ways and asks
us to reject the application, because it has been
framed and carried through in violation of the
public will.
I say, then, that if we reject this proposition to
instruct the committee to go into a full and thor-
ough investigation, it will be understood in Kan-
sas and in the country, and throughout the world,
that the Senate of the United States sanctions the
frauds by which a constitution, made by a small
and contemptible minority, under the lead of Gov-
ernment officials, has been forced upon the people
of Kansas contrary to the clearest expressions of
the popular will. If the Senate shall refuse to in-
stitute the most searching inquiry into all the
matters concerning the formation of this consti-
tution, it will stand before the world and go down
to after ages, associated with the men who have,
by violence and fraud, forced the accursed sys-
tem of slavery upon a reluctant people.
Mr. BROWN. I rise, Mr. X^resident, to ex-
press my cordial concurrence in the message of
the President of the United States. It has seldom
fallen to my lot to read a paper of the same length
and find in it so little which in ray judgment is
fairly subject to criticism. In many of the argu-
ments of the President in his annual message to
Congress I did' not concur, though I did concur
in his conclusions. From his message on Central
American affairs I dissented almost entirely. In
this message I concur, not only as to its chief ar-
guments, but as to its conclusions. It will hardly
be expected that I should concur in every senti-
ment expressed in a paper of such length; but as
to its main arguments, its principal conclusions,
I think there can be but two opinions, and they
are the opinions entertained by national men of
all parties on the one side, and by sectional men
of all parties on the other side. It was never ex-
pected that the Senator from Massachusetts would
concur in the arguments or conclusions of a na-
tional President, whether he be a Democrat, an
American, or a Whig. Nothing but sectional Re-
publicanism will do for that Senator. Nothing but
measures which look to the triumph of one section
of the Union and the putting down of the other
section ever has met, or is likely ever to meet, the
approbation of the Senator from Massachusetts.
With his views politically, it is not strange that
he should wholly dissent from such a message.
I am not going to reply to the speech of that Sen-
ator. If I had ever intended to reply to that speech,
I could have done it some three years ago. 1 think
the honorable Senator makes a mistake in suppos-
ing that old speeches, like old wine, will bear keep-
ing. They grow stale. There are many old things
for which I have great respect. I love old friends;
I love old wine in a moderate degree, [laughter;]
I reverence old age; but I abhor an old speech,
delivered from year to year through a whole sen-
atorial term.
I would greatly prefer seeing the question taken
on the reference of the message; and if the Senate
is prepared to do that, I shall be very glad to have
it done. But if the debate is to go on, I shall sub-
mit this evening what I have to say. I am per-
fectly willing, however, if no one else is disposed
to continue the debate, to let the vote be now
takenand let the message be referred; and when
we get the report, then have the debate. If there
is a general acquiescence in that view of the sub-
ject, I shall yield the floor.
Mr. KING. I was disposed yesterday to speak I
to this question, and a Senator, not now in his
seat, on this side, thought he would do so. I
have no particular desire to speak, but 1 should
be glad to hear the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN Does the Senator want to go on ?
Mr. KING. If the gentleman gives me the
floor, I will go on now. I do not want it, if he ■
wishes to speak. I would rather hear him.
Mr. BROWN. As X said before, if the debate
is to go on I would as soon submit the few re-
marks I have to make now as at any other time.
From what Senators say to me I think there is a
strong probability that we can get the vote this
evening on referring the message.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say to the Sen-1
ator that I feel rather disposed to say something
on this subject before it closes. If I make a speech,
it may not be a very brief one; so that I think ;
there is very little probability of the debate being i
closed this evening. \
Mr. BROWN. Then, Mr. President, under ;
the circumstances, I sec no probability of accom- j
plishing the design I had in view; and I suppose j
1 may as well proceed. ]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest, with the j
leave of the Senator, that if he does not desire to
proceed this evening, there is no disposition on ,
my part to urge a vote. The Army bill is yet I
before the Senate;and if the Senate choose to lay i
this aside until to-morrow, if the Senator prefers !
to speak to-morrow morning, it would certainly i
be very agreeable to us. !
Mr. BROWN. There is a disposition on our 1
side of the House, I will say to our friends on the 1
other side, to dispose of the important question i
oefore us, so that we may reach other questions I
that lie behind. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not like myself |
to be forced into a debate at a very late hour; it i
is not customary. If the Senator chooses to go ]
on now, however, very well. j
Mr. BROWN, It is not on that account that j
I hesitate. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will perceive !
that unless the Senate chooses to say that all that ;
is to be said must be said to-night, it would per- |
haps be as well to postpone the debate now, as !
the hour is late. !
Mr. BROWN. Well, Mr. President,! must
say to Senators that I intend to address myself
to this question with as much deliberation as
possible. I do not intend to occupy any extraor-
dinary time; but as the evening is drawing on, if
any of them choose to go away while i am speak-
ing, and occupy their time elsewhere, I shall take
it not at all unkind. What I have to say is not
designed to influence the votes of Senators, and
especially not the votes of Republican Senators.
Like Ephraim, they are joined to their idols, and
I shall let them alone, f may have something to
say in the progress of my remarks which ought
to have influence on the minds of Democratic Sen-
ators inclined to differ with me in opinion on this
question; but even if they do not choose to re-
main in the Chamber, I shall not take it as at all
unkind if they go away.
On a former occasion, I called attention to the
fact that, at the beginning of the Kansas contro-
versy, we expressly enacted that Kansas was to
be admitted into the Union when she came to form
her State constitution, with or without slavery, as
her people should determine; that all of us who
voted for that proposition thenceforward stood
committed to the admission of the State. I asked
then, as I ask now, whether it is fulfilling that
obligation to resort to technicalities, to resort to
special pleading, with a view of avoiding the force
of the agreement? Republican Senators are not
committed to this view of the subject, because they
voted against the bill. The Democratic Senators
are committed to it, because they stand on the rec-
ord in favor of the bill.
I had further called attention to the fact that the
national Democratic party, in council assembled
at Cincinnati, solemnly reiterated this declara-
tion, and made it one of the corner-stones of its
political edifice; and, therefore, every member of
that convention, and its nominees; every member
of the party throughouttheUnion, stood solemnly
committed to the same doctrine, that Kansas was
to be admitted, with or without slavery, as her
people should determine when they came to form
a constitution. I had shown from the record that
Democratic speakers, from that day forward, had
on all proper occasions declared that they were
prepared to redeem the obligation into which we
had thus entered. I had inquired whether, this
fact being true, we were now, on any system of
pleading, to avoid the force of the contract?
Now, Mr. President, beyond all dispute, slavery
lies at the bottom of all our difficulties on this ter-
ritorial question. Whenever we are about to or-
ganize a Territory over any portion of the domain
lying South, this question arises; and it leads to
long, animated, and angry controversy. On the
other hand, wheneverwo are about to organize a
territorial government over any of the domain
lying North, it is done without controversy.
Whenever we are about to admit a State in the
North or Northwest, there is no controversy.
Michigan was admitted, and Iowa and Wiscon-
sin have been admitted, and other northern States
have been brought into the Union, without any
sort of objection on the part of southern Senators
and Representatives. But when Arkansas and
Florida and Texas were about to come in, we had
a revival of these contests. More recently, we
have had Minnesota and Washington and Oregon
organized into Territories—regions where slavery
had not gone, and was not likely to go—and there
was little or no controversy; but when we were
about to organize the Territories acquired in the
war with Mexico, we had a renewal of these an-
gry contests, the point of conflict being always
the oxistence in the Territories of domestic sla-
very.
The two Territories that were organized to-
gether in 1854, Kansas and Nebraska, gave rise,
for a time, to a joint controversy, but still the main
point was in Kansas, as it has been ever since.
Why> Because slavery had not gone, and was
not likely to go, to Nebraska; while, if it had not
actually gone, the probabilities were strong that
it would go, to Kansas; and hence the whole con-
troversy rested on that Territory, there being an
effort, on the one hand, to force the institution
out of the Territory, and there being a strong dis-
position, on the other, to stand by what we con-
ceived to be the constitutional right of those who
have the custody of that institution, to take it into
the Territories.
The question of slavery, Mr. President, has not
