1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m9
only given annoyance to Congress and the coun-
try, but it has been the fruitful source of annoy-
ance to political parties. It broke up the national
Whig party. When the whole northern wing of
that party became thoroughly abolitionized, the
southern portion refused any longer to affiliate with
them; the party was broken up. Out of its ruins
and out of thedissensions in the Democratic party,
rose the American, sometimes called the know
Nothing party—a party which perished almost
as soon as it was bom. The fragments of these
dissolved or dissolving parties were gathered to-
gether in the northern States, and constituted the
Republican party—e. party which has no exist-
ence, or shadow of existence, anywhere outside
of the non-slaveholding States of the Union.
This being true, there remains for us but one
party which can lay just claims to nationality;
that is the Democratic party. But now the same
element which broke up the Whig party, which
prevented the formation of a great national Amer-
ican party, which has made the Republican party
purely sectional, is at work for the destruction of
the national Democratic party. If the destruction
of that party shall be worked out, if it shall fol-
low in the wake of its predecessors, then it is
absolutely certain that the country will instantly
be dlvided into two sectional parlies. The whole
North will unite as a northern party, and the
whole South will unite as a southern party. When
this shall be done, it requires no spirit of proph-
ecy to foretell the result. When all the North
is pulling in one direction, and all the South in a
contrary direction, that the Union must be drawn
asunder is as certain as that the sun rose this
morning and will go down to-night.
With fearful consequences like these staring me
in the face, and feeling the responsibility which
rests upon me as one member of the Democratic
party; seeing the imminent danger of its dissolu-
tion, and believing that bad men everywhere seek
its dissolution, and to the end that I have pointed
out, I approach the consideration of this question
with extraordinary embarrassment; and as I in-
timated before, what I have to say is to be said
rather to the country, and to that portion of it
which I have the honor in part to represent, than
to any one here.
I hope it will be understood here, as I am sure
it is understood elsewhere, that this Union has
no more devoted friend than I; that there exists
not in all this broad Republic one citizen prepared
to make greater sacrifices than myself for its
preservation. If I sometimes hesitate to go with
those who claim to be, par excellence, the friends
of the Union, it is because I doubt whether their
policy does not lead rather to its disruption than
its perpetuity.
Repeated efforts have been made to compromise
the question of slavery in the new States and Ter-
ritories, and they have as repeatedly resulted in
disaster. In 1819-20"there was an attempt to
compromise it. The country had been wrought
up to a state of very high excitement, and the po-
litical doctors of that day said that a sedative, a
light draught, the compromise, known ever after-
wards as tiie Missouri compromise, was all that
the case required. Wiser men of that day thought
it was a disease so deeply rooted that it required
more powerful remedies. If I can say it without
giving offense, I will remark that the advice of
political quacks was taken, and instead of striking
at the root of the disease, Congress undertook to
settle it, to cure it by compromise, by the appli-
cation of sedatives; and the compromise of 1820
was adopted.
Years passed on, and as other territory was
asking admission into the Union, that happened
which the wise statesmen of 1819-20 on the south-
ern side of the question declared would happen.
The North—Massachusetts among them, Mas-
sachusetts who, in the person of the Senator, has
stood up here to-day the champion of law and
order—refused to recognize the binding force of
the compromise. Though Arkansas asked admis-
sion, lying clearly south of this compromise line,
now so much revered and honored on the other
side of the House, there was an attempt made to
deny her admission, on theground that her con-
stitution tolerated slavery. We acquired subse-
quently the Territories of California, Utah, and
New Mexico. Proposition after proposition was
submitted to extend the Missouri compromise line
to the Pacific, and as often as it was submitted it
was rejected by our northern friends. That com-
promise, then, was a failure, not recognized by
anybody. 9
In 1850 it was considered necessary to compro-
mise again. Then we were told that the philos-
opher's stone had certainly been found; that not
only " the five bleeding wounds" had been cured,
but that everything which could give rise to agita-
tion in the future had been permanently settled,
and the whole disease had been torn up by the
roots, and from that day forward we should have
no controversy on the subject of slavery. To me
the compromise of 1850 was distasteful. I ab-
horred itfrom the beginning, and am perhaps one
of the very few, if I am not indeed the only man
in Congress who voted against it in all its forms,
in all its features, and in all its parts.
Four years passed away, and it became neces-
sary to compromise again. In 1854 we were told
that the question had again got into difficulty,
and it was necessary to compromise it a third
time. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
brought forward his famous Kansas-Nebraska
bill—a bill which I propose now to consider. The
main feature of that bill was the one so often
quoted, that it neither designed to " legislate sla-
very into the Territory, nor to exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way, subject only to the Constitu-
tion of the United States." f need not say that
this provision sprang out of an attempt to en-
force the Wilmot proviso on the country, not
only on the teiritory north of the Missouri com-
promise line, but on the territory south of that
line. The contest was kept up for years m almost
equal balance, the friends of the proviso insisting
that they had the right, by congressional legisla-
tion, to exclude slavery, and we of the South on
the other hand contending that we had the right
under the Constitution, without the aid of legisla-
tion, to carry our slaves into the common terri-
tory; and that, having them there,we had the same
right that gentlemen of the North had to demand
protection for any property of theirs. I say the
contest thus stood, and was kept up with various
chances of success for several years. About 1848
what was considered by many as a most happy
idea was hit upon—the doctrine of non-interven-
tion. It was tried in the presidential election of
that year, and had very many warm and zealous
advocates. It was more successful in the contest
of 1852; but it was not until 1854 that it was
formally enacted into law. Then it received the
sanction of Congress. No longer bandied about
in political circles or resolved upon by vast polit-
ical meetings, it received the high sanction of the
Congress of the United States, and was enacted
into a law.
It is hardly necessary for me to say that as an
original proposition 1 was opposed to it. I be-
longed to that class of politicians who believed
that a southern man had the samerighttogo into
one of the common Territories of the Union,and
take with him his slave property, that a northern
man had to go and take with him any other species
of property. I believed that I had the same right to
go from Mississippi and take my slave property,
that the Senator from Massachusetts had to go and
take anything which was recognized as property
by the laws of his State, and that when I got it
there, I was entitled to the same protection from
Congress to which he was entitled for his prop-
erty; or if the Territorial Legislature made the
law, then the Territorial Legislature was under the
same obligation to protect me and my property
that it was under to protect the property of the
Senator from Massachusetts. That is what we
asked, and it was all we asked. We had, how-
ever, no power to enforce a recognition of our
claim, and the other side found themselves defi-
cient of the power to enforce their idea of our
total exclusion. After years and years of con-
flict, this idea was taken up that Congress would
neither legislate slavery into the Territory nor
exclude it therefrom, but leave the people thereof
perfectly free to regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way. We passed the Kansas
bill, and we stood in that bill solemnly committed
to the ground that we would admit the State with
or without slavery, as her constitution at the time
of her admission .should prescribe.
This was our last compromise; and now we
are here, in less than four years after its pas-
sage, discussing again whether we are not .to
have another compromise. So far as I am con-
cerned, and I speak for myself alone and for those
who have authorized me by their commission to
speak in their name, I am for no compromise; I
am for the law as it is written. I accepted the
compromise of 1854,1 say, reluctantly in the be-
ginning; but having accepted it, I made up my
mind as a man of honor to abide by it. I am not
prepared to see its force destroyed by any resort
to special pleading, by any resort to miserable
county-court technicalities.
Having said this, I come to the next point in
the controversy. The law of 1854 was passed, un-
der which Kansas was organized as a territorial
government. A Legislature was chosen for the
Territory; but before that election was gone into,
movements were set on foot here to which I beg
leave, by way of reviving the recollection of gen-
tlemen as to what is the true history of this trans-
action, to call attention. I find them set forth in
the memorable report of the Senatorfrom Illinois,
made to the Senate on the 12th of March, 185G.
That Senator stands opposed to-day to the ad-
mission of this State into the Union under a con-
stitution formed, as I believe, and as 1 think I
shall be able to show, by her people. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts undertakes, in the close
of his speech to-day, to defend the Senator from
Illinois. It was not from that quarter that defense
came in days gone by. If the Senator from Illi-
nois can stand a defense from that quarter, I have
nothing to say in regard to it.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is entirely mistaken. I made no defense
of the Senatorfrom Illinois. He is capable of
defending himself here or elsewhere. I simply
referred to the fact that the Senatorfrom Illinois,
who introduced the Kansas-Nebraska act, who,
for four years, has been the champion of that
policy, the trusted leader of the Senators who
supported that policy, has paused, has refused to
consummate a stupendous and gigantic fraud; and
for that act he who has been their champion is
now denounced from one section of the country
to the other, and threatened with being driven out
of the party whose leader he has so long been.
That is what I said.
Mr. BROWN. I have no comment to make on
that part of the Senator's speech. If it appears
as it was delivered, I shall be quite content. But
I desire to call attention to this controversy as
it arose in Kansas, and to show high authority
for the position which 1 take, that the Republican
members in the Senate, and their friends in the
States, were responsible for the first outrages com-
mitted there. It was because I intended to use
the high authority of the Senator from Illinois in
this connection, that I alluded to him at all, and
I was thus reminded that he had been but a few
minutes before, as I thought, defended by the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts. In the report of the
12th of March, 1856, to which I before alluded,
the Senator from Illinois said, as I believed at the
time, and still believe, truly:
"The passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act was stren-
uously roasted by all persons who thought it a less evil to
deprive the people of new States and Territories of the right
to State equality and self-government under the Constitu-
tion. than to allow them to decide the slavery question for
themselves, as every State in the Union had done, and must
retain the undeniable rightto do, so longas the Constitution
of the United Statesshall be maintained as the supreme law
of the land. Finding opposition to the principles of the act
unavailing m the Halls of Congress, and under the forms of
the Constitution, combinations were immediately entered
into in some portions of the Union to control the political
destinies, and form and regulate the domestic institutions
of those Territories and future States through the machinery
of emigrant aid societies. In order to give consistency and
efficiency to the movement, and surround it with the color
of legal autfioiity, an act of incorporation was procured from
the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, m which it
was provided, m the first section, that twenty persons therein
named, and their 4 associates, successors, and assigns are
herebvmade a corporation bv the name of the Massachu-
setts Emigrant Aid Company, for the purpose of assisting
emigrants to settle in the West; and for this purpose they
shall have all the powers and privileges, and be subject to
all the duties, restrictions, and liabilities set forth in the
thirtv-eighth and forty-fourth chapters of the revised stat-
utes of Massachusetts.'
" The second section limited the capital stock of the com-
pany to $5,0005000, and authorized the whole to be in vested
in real and personal estate, with the proviso that(the said
