1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2639
patents accordingly; provided, that such confirm-
ation shall only extend to cases "existing prior to
the passage of this act.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to take up
the report in the case of the Delegate from Min-
nesota.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to present a report which it is
important to have acted upon ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Yes, retaining the
right to the floor, however.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to submit the following
report:
Resolved, That the chairman be authorized to report to
the House the memouals, answers, and testimony, taken
by the Judiciatv Committee, on the charges against the
tion. John C. Watrous, district judge of the district court
oi* the United Siates for the district of Texas.
Resolved, That the chairman be fuither authorized to
report the two following resolutions, offered m committee,
each of which faded to receive the sanction of the commit-
tee by an equally divided vote, namely:
Resolved, That John C. Watrous, United States distiict
judge for the district ofl^exas, be impeached for high crimes
and misdemeanors.
liesolvcd, That m the opinion of the Judicuiy Cuinmii-
tee, there was not sufficient grounds* farm -lied hy the testi-
mony m the case against Judge John C. Watious, distuet
judge of the United States, lot the district ot Texas, to au-
thorize his impeachment foi hic?h cnim's and misdemeanors.
Resolved, That the chairman ask leave of the llooo for
each minouty of the committee to submit their views to the
House hy S.ituiday next.
The portion of the committee—consisting of
eight members—which examined into the subject
of the proposed impeachment of Judge Watrous,
were unable to agree upon a resolution. The
committee was equally divided upon these reso-
lutions, and so each failed. Under a previous or-
der of the House authorizing the committee to
have the testimony printed for their own exam-
ination,the original papers have been sent to the
printing office; and I presume they arc there now.
1 therefore ask an order that the papers, memo-
rials, answer, and evidence, shall be printed. They
are in fact printed; but it is necessary, in order
that they may be delivered to the members, that
a general order for their printing shall be made.
The latter part of the report asks that the two
branches of the committee shall be permitted to
present each its separate report on nextSaturday.
I do not know that they will be ready to report
at that time. If not, I am satisfied that the House
will grant a further indulgence. I ask the order
for printing, and that the resolutions and the
subjcct-matter be postponed till Saturday next.
I do not know that they will be called up at all.
The resolutions were agreed to; and an order
to print was made.
WIDOW OF LIEUTENANT HERNDON.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous con- !
sent of the House to take up Senate resolution jj
(No. 32) for the benefit of the widow of Com-
mander William Lewis Herndon, of the United
States Navy, and to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from its further consideration.
There being no objection, the Committee of the •
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged 1
from the further consideration of the joint reso- j
lution. i
The resolution, which was read, provides that I
Mrs. Herndon shall be entitled to receive a sum !
equal to three years' full pay of a commander in |
the Navy. |
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read- :
ing, and was accordingly read the third time. j
Mr. SEWARD demanded the previous qucs- ;
tion on the passage of thejoint resolution. ,
The previous question was seconded, and the J
main question ordered. '
Mr. RUFFIN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved'to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES OF GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. SINGLETON. I believe the objection
made by the gentleman from Virginia is with-
drawn. I will say to the House that if they will
give me about three minutes now, I do not think
I will open my mouth again this session, except
to vote. •
Mr. HUGHES. I regret very much to inter-
fere; but 1 understand that the regular order of
business is the report of the select committee on
the Doorkeeper, and I want to get at that.
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of joint resolution (S. No. 22) devolving upon the
Secretary of War the execution of the act of Con-
gress, entitled "An act supplemental to an act
therein mentioned," approved December22,1854.
It only proposes to carry out a law passed at a
former session of Congress. There is no money
in it, nor will it affect the interests of any gentle-
man's constituents.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (who had made sev-
eral efforts to get the floor.) I am representing
a case of crying necessity of twenty-five years'
standing; and that I should give way for new
cases is entirely out of the question.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
the gentleman from Virginia as objecting?
Mr. SINGLETON. No, sir; he does not ob-
ject to mine.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
the duties imposed, or required to be performed,
by the act of Congress entitled "An act supple-
mental to an act theiem mentioned," approved
December 22, 1854, including the act to which it
is supplemental, be transferred to the Secretary
of War, who shall proceed de novo to execute
them in their plain and obvious meaning; pro-
vided that, from any amount which may be found
just and equitably due to the legal representatives
of George Fisher, deceased, there shall be deduct-
ed all sums winch may have been heretofore al-
lowed and paid by the United States.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the joint resolution; and it was
ordered to a third reading, and was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. SINGLETON moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of thejoint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. EUSTIS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; wluch was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resoh cd, That the Pi evident of the United States be, and
he lieiebv, K-quested to tuimsh this House with copies of
the contract enteied into between the United States and
Messrs. Craig'j & liner, on the J3th of Deeembei, 1856, tor
deepening the channel of the Southwest Pads and the Pa«s
& 1'OiUte, at the mouth of the Mississippi river, together
with the leport of the board of engineers appointed to ex-
amine thescveial pioposals made thcieto>,thc leport? of
the oilieers superintending said work, and ail the informa-
tion in the possession of the Department, respecting the
progress and fulfillment of said contract.
HEIRS OF RICHARD D. ROWLAND.
Mr. CURRY obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How does the gen-
tleman get the floor ?
Mr. CURRY. By the consent of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] I shall not
take two minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I represent a claim
that is twenty-five years old, and for the benefit
of persons who are starving, and I will not yield
any longer. I must stop somewhere.
Mr. CURRY. I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I will do it
this once, but for the last time.
Mr. CURRY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, that the Committee of the Whote
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the biH (S. No. 262) for the relief of the*
heirs or legal representatives of Richard D. Row-
land, ^deceased, and others.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the heirs,
executors, administrators, or legal representatives
of Richard D. Rowland, deceased, late of Ala-
bama, the sum of $3,200; and to the heirs, exec-
utors, administrators, or legal representatives of
whomsoever possesses whatever title the United
States gave to the southeast quarter of section two,
township fourteen, range eight east, of the lands
selected in AlaLama, and sold under treaty of
March 24, 1832, with the Creek Indians, for the
benefit of the orphans of the tribe, the sum of
$2,260, with interest, at the rate of five and a half
per cent, per annum, upon both aforesaid sums,
from November 1, 1836.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. CURRY. I move to suspend the rules, so
as to put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to it, because not
three gentlemen here heard the bill read, owing
to the confusion in the House.
Mr. PEYTON. I would like to hear the report
read. M
Mr. CURRY. The report explains the bill
fully, and I hope the House will hear it read. &
The report was read, as follows:
By the treaty of 24th March, 1832, with the Creeks,
twenty sections of land were to be selected, under direction
of the President, for the orphans of that tiibe. The land
was to be subdivided and retained by them, or sold for their
benefit, as the President might direct. The lands were se-
lected in Alabama, subdivided, sold, and pioeeeds funded
by the United States in trust for benefit of the Creek oiphan
fund in five, five and a half, and six per cent, stocks. Uure-
ton, Smith, and Ilciinor were joint ptuchasers of one half
of the southeast half of section two, township fourteen,
range eight east, for $2,260 ; and Richard D. Rowland, pur-
chaser oY the other half of same half section, for §3,200.
The sales were approved by the President, and patents
issued to vendee*. Sally Ladigu,a Creek, living upon this
half section, claimed it under another provision of the same
treaty.
Her claim was rejected by the United States locating
agent when he selected the lands, but was subsequently
prosecuted in the court?., and alter a tedious litigation, dur-
ing which the cose reached the United States Supreme
Court, the final decision \va< m her favor, and the original
purchasers from the United States, and tho e holding under
them, vvcie rejected. The parties in inteiest now claim
that the Government should refund the purchase money,
with eight per cent. (Alabama) interest. and indemnify
them for all expenses of litigation. As Government received
the money as proceeds of sale of land to which the courts ,
have decided it had no title, and could convoy none, the
claim for repayment of principal js indisputable ; and as the
money thus rceoived was and is investedin either five, fivo
and a half, or six per cent, stocks, upon which interest has
been regularly received, the committee think it will be btrt
just to pay claimants five and a half per cent, interest fiom
time of such investment. They can see no good reason why
Government should allow a higher rate of mtei est, nor why
it should be held responsible (or expense* incuired in de-
fending title, as it gives no warranty, and has had no inter-
est m the land, but has acted only in good faith as trustee
of the Creeks5 oiphan fund.
The committee coincide with the Commissioner of In-
dian Afiairs that it will be hotter to retain the orphan fund
in the security of its present investments than to selling of
its stocks to meet this claim. If any of the stock* are &ol<l
for such purposes, a subsequent appiopnatioo will be ne-
cessaiy to supply the deficiency; they, therefore, report a
lull for a direct appiopnation fiom the Treasury for the sat-
isfaction of the claim. The parties claiming can piobably
satisfactorily establish their legal right as representatives
the original purchasers; but as such rnrht is not fully es-
tablished by the papers before the committee, the bill &*•
leets payment to such repiesentatives when ascertained.
Mr. CURRY. I now ask for the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CURRY moved to reconsider the motion
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DELECATE FROM MINNESOTA.
Mr. BLAIR. I believe I have the consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 230.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
bill is m the hands of the Printer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
conscnt of the House to take up Senate bill No.
230.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois. I think I had better
