1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
These, added to the fact that they are on the extreme
frontier, surrounded with brinds of hostile savages, daily ex-
posed to their piedatory excursions, are some of the rea-
bO s> which induced those settlers to &end a Delegate here
to request and urge that, after the admission of the State,
which sundered the last iegal tie which connected thein
with Minnesota, you would,' as the least you could do for
them, acknowledge their Delegate, and give thein an ordi-
nary territorial government.
Very respectfully, A. G. FULLER.
Views of a minority of the committee:
In the case of W. W. Kingsbury, who claims to represent
that portion of Minnesota not included in the State ot Min-
nesota, by virtue of an election, held on the 13th of Octo-
ber, 1857, the undersigned, a part of the Committee of Elec-
tions, find and report the facts to be as follows:
The territorial act included a larger space. The enabling
act divided the Territory into two parts: that which now
composes the new State, and the balance that which Ma*.
Kingsbury now claims to represent as a Delegate. Mr.
Kingsbury was elected by the people resident m the limits
of the State, and by no others; those resident in the balance
of the Temtoiy, outside the pioposed State hunts, not
being allowed by law to vote in his election.
On th6 said 13th day of October, 1857, the people resident
in the limits of the State voted entirely to themselves.
They elected a Delesate, (Mr. Kingsbury,) who had oppo-
sition ; also elected Representatives. On the same day, the
inhabitants outside said State hunts held a separateeloetion
foi themselves and elected A. G. Fuller their Delegate, said
Fuller also having an opponent. The people outside the
{State limits acted and voted separately aud independently ;
so did the inhabitants within the State.
Section fourteen of the act organizing the Territoiy of
Minnesota, approved March 3, 1849, provides that a Dele-
gate to the Ilou<e of Representatives of the United States
may be elected by the voters qualified to elect membeis of
the Legislative Assembly. The election for Governor, State
officei-., membeis of Assembly, and Representatives, as well
as Delegate, was confined to the voters within the limits of
the proposed State. No polls were opened for these elec-
tions to the people ouMde the limits ot the pioposed State.
We fuither find and lepoit, that the said VV. W. Kings-
buiy is not arcMdentof the Temtoiy which he now claims
to represent, but resides within the hunts of the State,
whose inhabitants alone elected him, and that he reeencd
no votes fiom the people of the Temtoiy without the State
limit*.
We further find and report, that the people residing out
of the limits of the ptopo-ed Statc.aftei being sopai.ited, m
anticipation of a separate temiorial organization foi the ie-
mainiug territoiy, under the new name of Dacotah, held an
election for a Delegate ori the 1.3th of October, 1657, as
stated in the memonal of A G Fuller, when the ^aid A G
Fuller received a large majority oi-the legal voters lesident
in the said Temtoiy, and he holds the best evidence thereof
winch tin* present impetfcct legal provisions in the Tein-
tory will admit of; and, according to the piecedent in the
ea*e of ff. H. Sibley,fioni Wisconsin, would be entitled to
his scat as a Delegate lepicsenung the resident citizens of
the leniamnnr temtoiy, who voted for him, and who wore
not by law allowed to vote for oi against W. XV. Kings-
bury.
We present, foi the approval of the House, the follow uig
resolutions'.
Rewired, That W. W. Km^burv is not entitled longer
to letam n ^eat in tins ilouse as a Delegate troin the Tem-
toi v of Mmne-ota. ,
Revolved, That A. G. Fuller be allowed to quahfv and
take a seat in tin* ilou^e as a Delegate fiom the said Ter-
ritory without the limits ot the State of Mmiicsoia.
JAMES WILSON",
EZRA CLARK, Jr.,
May 01, 3S33. JOHN A. GILMER. j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have thus caused |
the reports of the minority and majority of the !
committee to be read with a view of presenting ;
the facts sufficiently full to enable the House to j
vote on the question. I wish to make one re-,
mark and that is that the views of the minority, '
as presented here, in my judgment, embrace stnfe- :
ments that are entirely erroneous. I wish to cnlJ ■
the attention of some of the members who signed j
that report to some of the points. First, it is i
stated m the views of the minority thatMr. Kings- :
bury was elected by the people, residents of the i
State, and by none others. That statement is in |
direct conflict with the report of the committee; i
as a question of fact the report of the committee ;
states that Mr. Kingsbury was voted for as the :
Delegate by the people outside of the limits of the
State. The views of the minority assert directly
the contrary. To settle that .question, if anything
need be had to settle it, I send to the Clerk's desk,
to be read, two letters, one from a civil officer of
the Territory, residing out of the State limits, and
the other from the Secretary of the Territory,
who canvassed the votes, both showing fully that
a large number of votes were cast, and that the
only ones cast were for Mr. Kingsbury.
Mr. WILSON. "Were those letters before the
committee when this question was up ?
Mr. HUGHES. I object to any yielding of
the floor. When the gentleman gets through I
want to have an opportunity to oiler my propo-
sition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I nueht, with equal
propriety, ask the gentleman [Mr,Wilson] where
he derived the information that no votes were cast
for Mr. Kingsbury ? The statement made in the
presence of the committee was, that votes were
cast for Mr. Kingsbury. These letters were not
before the committee, but, as they are in print, I
ask that they be read.
Mr. WILSON. If they were not before the
committee 
Mr. HUGHES. I want my colleague to be
heard, and I want to be heard myself;'but 1 do
not want members upon this floor to hold the right
to speak on important questions from either the
gentleman from Illinois or any other gentleman.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Indiana cannot indicate when the gentleman from
Illinois desires to hold the floor for gentlemen to
speak at his pleasure. He has no right to indi-
cate or intimate any such thing. He can make a
point of order, but he need not interlard what I
have to say on this question with remarks of that
■kind. m .
Mr. HUGHES. The g^tleman has pursued
that course heretofore on this veiy question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman has
no authority for the statement he makes.
Mr. HUGHES. The statement is true.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It is false.
Mr. HUGHES. You are a liar.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
takes the charge of falsehood, he can wear it at
i his pleasure.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Washington. I"). C\, JUm/31, 18.18.
Sir . Hat msj had a «. ouveisation with you. in whi< h ^ oil
desired vonie mfoimaiion concerning the number of votes
ca<t ior lion. W. W. Kine?>bui>, Delegate lrom >iimi(>-ota,
we.4 ot the present bouiidan hue oi that State, 1 have
the honoi to *ay • that I acied :is s-oetouuy of the boaul
who canvassed the votes loi Delegate, aud thatMr. Kinps-
buiy did leceive votes weM of the line, winch weie counted
lot "him My iceollectum i-, that about two bundled votes
i etui ned fiom the county of Pembina were so counted ; and
that vote-, cast for hun in precincis on the Mi^oun nvei
weie aho canvassed. A^ 1 have not the returns at hand, I
cannot give you the exact number; but my recollection i-
distinct. that votes cast lor Mi. Kingsbury in the Temtoiy
we&t of the piesent Slate bouudaiy line, weie letumed,
and canva^cd by the boaid.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully youi^,
UmVAUD M. iMcOOOK.
Hon. Thomas L. IIarius, Chairman of Committee of
Kiediow..
Washington City, May 31, 1^58.
Sir: In a conversation had w ith you to-day, you desired
me to ctve you Mich information in regard to the election
held laVt tall toi .i Delegate m Congies& fiom Minnesota us
was in my po-f-e^sion.
I have the honor to state, such an election was held on
the Missouii river, at the piecinct of Kennerly, on the ]<Wi
of Octobei, 16.57, at which f was present and administered
the prcscubed oath to tiie judges or election, in my official
capacity as. one of the lioianes public for the Tcnilory ot
Mniric-oia.
.At tin* election thoie was but one candidate voted foi
foi the oflice of Delegate, arid the Hon. XV. W. Kingsbury
received eveiy vote which was cast, oi which number mine
wan one.
I am. very re^pcctfullv, your obedient seivant,
J.JJ S TODD.
Hon Tiiomas L. IEarui5*, Chairman Committee of Elec-
tions, lLo.i.c of lioyracntatirc!. \
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I caused these let- j
tors to be read, because one, is from the officer of'
j the Territory who canvassed the votes, and the !
' other from a functionary in the Territory who
! swore the judges of election m one of the precincts
| —both outside of the present State of Minnesota.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to know whether the
election at which Mr. Kingsbury received votes
west of that line was the same election at which
Mr. Fuller received votes; or were there two sep-
arate elections '
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
had observed the statement m the report ho would ;
have found his question answeied. It is there
distinctly stated that both elections, or alleged |
elections, were held on the same day. One was ,
held under the existing law of the Territory, and j
under all the forms of law. The votes were re- '
turned to the capital of the State by the returning
officers m due form of law.
Mr. KELSEY. It is here stated that Mr. Pul-
ler had an opponent at the election. What I want
to get at is, whether Mr. Kingsbury was that op-
pom nt.
Mr. HARMS, of Illinois. That statement in
the views of the minority was something that I
was not aware of before. There was nothing said _
m the committee as to Mr. Kingsbury having an j
opponent. The committee having anived at the '
conclusion that Mr. Kingsbury was properly
elccted, the question of Mr. Fuller's election was,
not considered, as is stated in the report, of the
committee.
It appearing that this election was held in con-
formity with law, and thatMr. Kingsbury received
a .large number of votes outside of the limits of
the present State of Minnesota, I cannot conceive
why it should be stated that Mr. Kingsbury was
not voted for at that election, and only received
votes inside of the State.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to ask one question
further. It is, which of these two candidates re-
ceived the majority of the votes outside of the
present State limits?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is not one
word of testimony before the committee as to Mr.
Fuller's number of votes. There was nothing fur-
nished to the committee stating the number of
votes which Fuller did receive. It appears, from
the statement of the Secretary of the Territory,
that in Pembina county alone, which lies entirely
west of the Red Rivci of the North, and outside
the limits of the State, Mr Kingsbury received
two hundred votes.
The statement of one of the officers was, that
Kingsbury received all the votes cast at his pre-
cinct on the Missouri river, and that Fuller re-
ceived none
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois whether, if Mr. Kings-
bury be allowed to retain his scat, he does so as
the Delegate ftorn the Territory of Minnesota?
or is there such a Territory now?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The views of tho
committee are presented in the report. They are
of opinion that, where an act of Congress estab-
lishes a terntuiial government, and fixes thearea
of the Territory, and that subsequently a State is
carved out of a portion of it, the territorial law
is not repealed by implication; and the precedents
sustain that view.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the law author-
izing tho election of a teintorial Delegate in Min-
nesota regarded as still in-force, outside of that
which has been formed into a State? Could a
new election for territorial Delegate in that part
be hold now under the law?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I can never answer
that inquiry more plainly than I have answered
it. It is true, we are not now dealing with an
election held subsequent to the admission of the
State. We are dealing with an election held when
the Territoi y was one unbroken whole. The only
question is, whether, a portion of the Territory
having been admitted as a State, that annuls the
law creating the Territory, and vacates'the seat
of a Delegate who was elected partially by votes
outside of the limits of the State r I cite the pre-
cedent in the case of Wisconsin. There the Del-
egate, Mr. Tweedy, was elected for the whole
Territory. A portion of the Territory was ad-
mitted into ihe Union as the State of Wisconsin.
After the Suite was admitted, Mr^Tweedy re-
signed Mr. Sibley was then elected as Delegate
m Congn ss for the remaining portion of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin. He came here, and was
admitted to his seat, by a vote of more than two
to one. That ease was put on the same ground
that this is: that the law creating the Territory
of Wisconsin was not abrogated by tho admis-
sion of a State carved out ot a part of that Ter-
ritory.
There are other eases where the judges held
over and performed their official functions, and
were recognized by all the officers of the Govern-
ment; and 1 may add further that I am informed
even now that the President has sent in the dom-
ination of officers for this very Territory of 'Min-
nesota not included within the limits of the State,
and recognizing n as still continued.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Constitution
of the United States requires that the Represent-
atives shall be residents of the States which they
undertake to represent. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that by analogy those who claim
to represent Territories must not necessarily be
residents therein ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I really do not see
what that inquiry has to do with the question
presented.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
this Mr. Kingsbury does not reside n\ the present
Temtory of Minnesota.
