1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
mittee on Finance said, when he reported the bill,
that the only difference was that he proposed to
strike out certain items. I think he made thaP
statement.
Nor, sir, do I see any necessity for delaying
this bill on account of the alleged information we
are to receive from the War Department. There is
no appropriation in this bill for any contract; it is
simply an appropriation for the service of the quar-
termaster's and the commissary's departments.
We shall have to pass some bill; we shall have"
to make some appropriation; and if Senators find
that there are illegal contracts, made by usurpa-
tion of authority, and all that, let us annul them
by joint resolution; but the bill must pass in some
shape at last; and if it is to be**passed at all, it
must be passed very soon.
I do riot stand here to bandy responsibilities
with the Administration. Let us admit, for the
sake of the argument, all the Senator from Maine
has said, to wit: that the Administration knew in
the month of January, as well as they know now,
the necessity of this bill; let ns admit, for the sake
of the argument, that the Administration have not
done their duty: we ought to do our duty. Now,
the Administration send us the bill; it is urged
upon our attention as a matter of the utmost im-
portance; and especially as we have ourselves
authorized an increase of the forces for the short
period of eighteen months, if there is to be any
benefit at all from that increase of the troops, the
Government must be furnished with the means,
for if the regiments are not going to march now,
we had better repeal the law we have lately passed.
I see nothing in any allegation of illegal con-
tracts, or of fraudulent contracts, or of executive
mismanagement, or of usurpation, that ought to
prevent the Senate from taking up this bill for
consideration. What the particular items may be,
what may be my individual opinion on them, I
shall not now express; 1 do not know that I am
prepared to express any opinion, but it seems to
me that if we are to pass the bill at all, we ought
to take it up immediately, and proceed to itsoon-
sideiation. I shall, therefore, vote for the motion
of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am a IHUq surprised at
the information which the Senator from Ohio
communicates to the Senate, that this bill has
nothing to do with any contracts which have been
made, or are proposed to be made, by the exec-
utive department, because in the information that
has been furnished to us by the Administration
we arc told that it has relation not only to con-
tracts that have been made, but to contracts that
are pioposed to be made by the quartermaster's
department. Thi.s being the case, 1 am, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, rather "struck
up" with this new information derived from the
Senator from Ohio on that point. It is at war
with the information we have received from high
quarters.
Now, sir, ail I have to say in regard to the in-
formation which 1 desire, is that on the Senator's
own showing, it is important; because having re-
lation, as it has, to the appropriations contained
in the bill, I want to know what the contracts
are, how they have been entered into, what they
are for, and the power of the Government in ic-
lation to them, and what the Government pro-
poses to do. It js hardly an answer to me to say
that this information, so distinctly relating, as it
does, to the subject-matter, has nothing to do
with the question whether we will supply the very
money asked for by these contracts, f think it
lias a material relation to that very question. But,
sir, I am not disposed to*argne the merits of the
bill now, or to denounce the Administration for
what it has done, and what it proposes to do, in
advance. The motion now before us is a simple
question of taking up the bill, and upon that 1 do
not drem u proper to go into a matter of that de-
scription.
1 wish to remark, however, in illustration of
what I stud before, that there are some things which
look a little strange to me. All the information
upon which is predicated the necessity of moving
on Saturday instead of moving on Monday in re-
lation to tins bill, upon the ground that there is
an immediate and pressing urgency, was, as I
shall be able to show, and am able to show now,
if i choose to go into it, just as much in the pos-
session of the Administration months ago as it is
to-day, and was in their possession weeks and
months before they moved at all for obtaining sup-
plies by this bill. The answer which has beerf
made is by no means a satisfactory one. If the
Government which presses upon us this great ur-
gency (for I take it to be a pressure by the Exec-
utive Government) has been resting quiet under a
knowledge of the facts, it is a proof, to my mind,
that the urgency in fact does not exist to the ex-
tent now pretended. If they knew all the facts
so long a time ago, and yet did not move, they
are driven to this difficulty: either the urgency
docs not exist, or they are stupidly ignorant and
neglectful of their own duty. Gentlemen may
take which horn of the dilemma they choose. If
the Administration possessed the information and
did not move, it proves either that there was no
necessity for moving, or that they knew nothing
about their own duties; or, if they did know, it
proves that they were most neglectful of them
and have most grossly neglected them up to the
present time.
Now, sir, what do I ask? The Senator from
Ohio says he is ready to proceed; he understands
it all, because this bill was laid upon his table, I
do not know how long ago—some two or three
weeks since. Why, sir, everybody here knows
that we do not look at and study bills which are
laid on our tables, printed by order of the House
of Representatives, until they come before us, and
have been under the consideration of our commit-
tees. Look at the heading of the bill in this case:
" In the House 6f Representatives." When was
it brought, here ?
Mr. PUGH. It says, "In the Senate of the
United States."
Mr. FESSENDEN. When?
Mr: PUGH. On the 12th of April.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That cannot bo.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The bill was
printed under an order of the Senate of the 12th
of April, and, if I understand aright, the Senator
from Maine, in Jus committee, has had before lain
a printed bill, pinned by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thai might have been so;
but it is a House bill. The bill has never been
in the Senate at all until it came from our com-
mittee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then it is
alleged that there aie but two changes from the
House bill. Besides, it is agreed—at least, I be-
lieve the Senator from Virginia has assented to it
—that any section upon winch the Senator from
Maine wants information, shall be passed over.
Moreover, the bill was printed in the other House
long since, and the whole of it, with the discus-
sion on it, has been printed in the congressional
debates of the House. It has been printed four
times. That is the fact.
Mr."FESSENDEN. My honorable friend is
talking upon a point to which I have not yet al-
luded; and it is unnecessary to that of which I
am speaking, to say that certain other things may
be done. 1 was alluding to the fact that the bill,
as a Senate bill, has not been before us atall until
it came here this morning.
Mr. PUGH. The Senatoris mistaken. Here
isucopy—he can read it—punted by order of the
Senate, after it passed the House, with the Cleric's
cei tilieate at the bottom. If he will read the copy,
he will see he is in error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
seems determined not to understand me. I say
it is not our habit to read over House bills—at any
rate it is not mine—or to consider them, until they
have been referred to a committee of the Senate,
i and considered by thatcommittee. This bill never
came into this body until the first of this week.
It came here from the House, I think, on Monday
last. It was lefened to our committee, and we
took it up on Tuesday. What is so easy 4.0 be
comprehended and apprehended by the Senator
from Ohio that he is ready to go on with it now,
understanding all about it, took the committee
three days of close, careful examination of doc-
uments, and figures, and subject-matters in order
to enable them to understand it, so as to report
upon it to the Senate. The Committee on Fi-
nance is so composed, it is made up of such dull
men, that it takes them three days to do what the
Senator from Ohio can do off-hand without any
trouble atall. The bill has been under the care-
ful consideration of that committee, with its dis-
tinguished, able, and experienced chairman at the
head.
The bill, as I have said, came into the Senate
for actual examination, from the committee, only
yesterday. A call has been made for information
which the chairman will bear me witness I wanted
to call for in the committee, and he suggested to
me that the bill might be reported, and 1 might
get my information before the bill was debated,
by a call from the Senate itself. This was his
own suggestion, to which I assented. The bill
came in, therefore, on my assent, under these cir-
cumstanccs, it being understood that I might get
the information here, if I desired it, before pro-
ceeding with this bill. Now, under these circum-
stances, it is laid before this body, who have had
no opportunity to examine it such as they desire,
with the business before the Senate; and yet we
are called upon to take it up on one day instead
of another, the day after it is reported to the Sen-
ate, when the information called for has not been
obtained.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
explain? I certainly did not understand that the
committee had agreed that the bill should be post-
poned until the Senator obtained his information.
If I had, I should have made no such motion as
I have made to-day; but the Senator proposed
that the committee should inquire, and I suggested
that he had better make his inquiry through the
Senate. He made it on one day, and the bill was
not reported until the day after. This is now the
second day since the call was made. I gave notice
yesterday that I should call up the bill to-day. 1
i certainly would not, on any such understanding,
' have made a proposition to take it tip.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not intimate at all—
and I hope the chairman will not so suppose—
that he violates any agreement or understanding
I referred simply to what he said, and what was
my understanding. I stated in the committee, if
he will allow me to refer to the conversation there,
and if it is not proper I will not refer to it at all—
I make no charge upon him, but it is simply in
reference to myself—that I desired to obtain this
infoimation before the bill was reported, for the
reason, as I stated, that I thought I should wish
to propose certain amendments to the bill which
I could not propose until I obtained the informa-
tion. Ft was then suggested that the bill might
be reported, that I might call for my information
in the Senate, have it here, and then prepare my
amendments, and do what I desired. Well, what
is the result? The bill came in. Simultaneously
upon its report I put in my call for information.
That call has not been answered. I have not been
able to come to any conclusion in my own mind
as to whether I shall propose the amendments or
what they shall be.
Now, I will say to my honorable friend from
Arkansas, that with regard to the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance, I regard
them as very unimportant parts of the bill. The
great question to be considered is upon the Arrrvy
appropriations, the principles upon which the
Army appropriations are founded, and the amount
that is demanded by the Administration. There
is a contest upon them. The others are very small
matteis; you may dispose of them in a very shot t
time, and you will not affect the main question.
The information I desire, and the consideration
which I shall attempt to give to this bill after I get
the information, goes to the root of the matter in
dispute. Although I am disposed to treat the
Government fairly, I hope, and to treat this ques-
tion fairly—not to indulge m denunciations unless
those denunciations are deserved, and I shall think
them of some importance—yet I do not wish to
be called upon when I have objected to this course,
and when I have demanded this information in
order to enlighten me upon the question, to be
forccd'into a consideration of this bill. Nor do I
wish other gentlemen who have not had the tenth
part of the opportunity I have had to look into the
bill to be forced into its consideration without
having the reasonable time that we ought to have.
I do not know that I shall oppose the bill at all;
I cannot say that I shall; but I wish to have time
to look and see what the real facts are in relation
to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, this bill
is evidently a very urgent one. Its immediate
passage is required by the necessities of the Gov-
ernment. The Senator from Virginia is pressing
its consideration to-day. We all appreciate Ins
motives in so doing; but I would suggest to him,
