2mt
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not know how
ftiat feet is. There was no testimony before the
committee aa to where either of the gentlemen re-
sided,and there is none before the House—not a
word relating to the subject. What I understand
is, that as Mr. Kingsbury was elected by the peo-
ple of the Territory of Minnesota, when a portion
of it is taken and created into a State, he has a
right to elect his residence, and to continue to rep-
resent those people who participated in his elec-
tion, whether he resides in the territorial portion
or inthe State. A Delegate from a Territory is
admitted to a seat here as an act of courtesy.
There is nothing obligatory on the House as to
his residing in the Territory, and it is entirely
within the competency of the Houso to require
residence, or not, as it may please. But on ex-
amining the territorial acts that have been passed,
X have not noticed one of them where it was re-
quired that the Delegate should be a resident of
the Territory. It is simply provided that they
shall be entitled to a Delegate to represent them
in the House of Representatives; but not that he
shall be a resident of the Territory.
Now,sir, there are some other statements made
by the minority of the committee to which I might
allude; butthey were made without any evidence
before the committee, and I have answered the
main pointm issue by presenting the letters which
have been read. As I stated before the commit-
tee, Governor Medary, who was one of the can-
vassing officers, has stated that the votes cast out-
side of the limits of the State were canvassed; that
Mr. Kingsbury did receive votes, and that Mr.
Fuller received none. With all these facts be-
fore them, the committee could come to no other
conclusion than that Mr. Kingsbury was entitled
to a seat as Delegate.
Now, if any of my colleagues upon the commit-
tee desire to make any remarks, I will yield for
that purpose; but I wish to have this question
disposed of, and disposed of speedily.
Mr. WASHBURN, of XMaine. I desire to say
that I concur entirely in the positions taken by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] in ref-
erence to this question. The Territory of Min-
nesota embraced a much larger area than is now
embraced within the limits of the State of Min-
nesota. The enabling act passed by the last Con-
gress declared that the people of a certain portion
of the Territory of Minnesota should be author-
ized to forma Slate constitution, and become one
of the States of the Union.
A constitution was accordingly prepared, and
an election was ordered to be held upon the 13th
of October. Wow, at that time it was not known
that the -constitution would be adopted by the
people, or that Minnesota would be admitted by
Congress, and of course it was proper for the peo-
ple of the Territory of Minnesota, of the whole
Territory, to elect a Delegate, as they were au-
thorized to do by the act organizing the Terri-
tory of Minnesota. They did elect a Delegate at
that time, by votes which we are bound to pre-
sume and infer were cast wherever in all the Ter-
ritory the people were authorized and permitted
by law to vote. We must infer, and 111 the ab-
sence of evidence to the contrary it is the legal
presumption, that men voted for a Delegate to
Congress in every county and at every precinct
within the limits of the Territory, where they
ever had a right to vote, and at that election, the
people not knowing whether the State would be
admitted or not, a Delegate was chosen. He pre-
sented his credentials here, was admitted and
sworn, and no objection was ever made that he
was not legally here as the Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. Now, he having been duly
elected by the people of the whole Territory, not
merely of that part of it which is now the State,
but of the whole Territory, the simple question
is, whether, by theadmission oftheStatc, we have
so destroyed and extinguished the Territory, that
it can have no Delegate here? I think it has been
shown very clearly and satisfactorily by the re-
port of the committee, sustained by precedents in
all the Departments of the Government, and by
this House, as long ago as 1803, and since, in
1847, by a vote of two to one, John duincy Ad-
ams leading off in the majority, that by the ad-
mission of a State, carved out of a portion of a
Territory, you do not destroy the organization,
so far as the remainder of the Territory is con-
cerned. Well, if that doctrine be true, then,
Mr. Kingsbury, having been properly and le-
gally elected, is now the Delegate from Minne-
sota Territory, for there is a State Of Minnesota
and a Territory of Minnesota. The Territory
is all that portion of Minnesota which has not
been included in the State limits, and it strikes me
that the conclusion is irresistible, that Mr. Kings-
bury should be allowed to occupy his seat here,
as Delegate from the Territory, for the time for
which he was elected by the people.
I will state that there are organized precincts
and organized" counties outside of the Slate limits,
containing, I believe, in all, a population of some-
thing like fifteen thousand souls, and it would be
as inexpedient and impolitic, as it would be against
principle and precedent, for us, by voting that
that Territory has been destroyed, and that Mr.
Kingsbury is not here properly as its Delegate.,
to resolve the society there into the original ele-
ments from which the Territory was formed,
and leave the people, who were the citizens of
an organized society^in'a state of disorganiza-
tion—without officers, or law, or protection.
Mr. Speaker, so far as the claim of this
other gentleman (Mr. Fuller) is concernod, it is
founded upon an election held, not under the
authority of any territorial election officer, but
under the authority of the register of deeds for
a single county, (and he is no officer for any pur-
pose if there be no existing territorial organiza-
tion;) and I understand, though I may be mistaken,
that the only votes which he received were given
in a single county, and I believe at a single pre-
cinct. He introduced no evidence of any kind
before the commtttee, tending to show how many
votes he received, or whether he received vote3
at more than one precinct. It has been shown,
on the other hand, that Mr. Kingsbury was
voted for outside of the State limits, that the
facts of this case run with the presumption of it,
that at one place more than two hundred votes
were given for him, and that he was voted for at
other places, at some of which he received all the
votes cast. So that we have neither law nor
popular sovereignty to justify us in admitting Mr.
Fuller to a seat or in ousting the sitting Delegate
from Minnesota.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I regret very
much the misunderstanding which took place be-
tween my colleague [Mr. Hdohes] and the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] The gentle-
man from Illinois had very courteously yielded
the floor to me to allow me to ask him a question,
and he had not answered that question when he
was interrupted by my colleague.
Mr. GILMER. Will the gentleman from In-
diana allow me just five minutes to make a biief
statement?
Mr. WILSON. Not just now. Mr. Speaker,
this (jucstion was hastily decided in the Commit-
tee of Elections. I think the committee gave not
more than half an hour to the consideration of
the entire case. I was not present in thecommit-
tee-room during a portion of that time, and, for
that reason, I asked the chairman of the commit-
tee if the papers which he presented to the House
had been before the committee, because they
might have been before the committee before I
came in. But they were not in evidence, as the
chuiwinin himself admits, before that committee,
for the purpose of making up either the majority
or the minority report; and I will now niake a
statement of the evidence upon which the minor-
ity came to the conclusion that they did in regard
to the right of the Delegate from the so-called
Territory of Minnesota.
In the first place, we have the memorial upon
which that report was in part founded, in regard
to the right of Mr. Fuller, who claims to repre-
sent that portion of the Teriitory of Minnesota
which is outside the limits of what is now the
State of Minnesota. What docs that memorial
set forth ?
" The Legislative Assembly ot the Territory of Minne-
sota, at its session in May, 1857, enacted laws resulting in
the apportionment of that poition of the Teiritory within
the limit" of a proposed State, into districts, prtparatoiy to
the election of a new Legislative Assembly at the then en-
suing fall election, wliieii election took place oil the 13ili
day of October iast.
" Ry this apportionment, those persons residing outside
said proposed State limits were not permitted to participate
in said election for members to compose &aid Legislative
Assembly."
This was never denied in the committee-room
or elsewhere.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman will
bear with me one moment. He has made too
broad a statement—unadvisedly, of course. He
was not in the committee-room when these papers
were read. It was then stated in the committee-
room, as I have stated to the House, that persons
residing in that Territory outside the present State
limits, did vote.
Mr. WILSON. I stand corrected. But, sir, I
read further from the same document:
" Section fourteen, of the act organizing the Territory of
Minnesota, approved March 3,1849, provides that a. Dole-
gate to the House of Representatives of the United States
may be elected by the voters qualified to elect members of
the Legislative Assembly."
.Now, sir, there were two elections held on the
13th day of October, 1857. Within the limits of
the Territory of Minnesota, W. W. Kingsbury
received a majority of the votes as a Delegate to
this House. In regard to that part of the Terri-
tory which is without the limits of the State, in
what is commonly known as the Territory of Da-
cotah, but which is of course no Territory organ-
ized by law of Congress, it being that part of the
Territory of Minnesota outside the limits of the
State, we have direct evidence that those persons
residing: outside of the present State limits, did
not participate in the election, either for the pur-
pose of electing a Delegate to the House of Rep-
resentatives, as stated m the memorial, or for the
purpose of electing members to the Legislative
Assembly.
Now, then, the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Wasiicurn] says, there were no votes cast for
Mr. Fuller, except in one county. Why, sir,
here is a certificate that an election was held in
the several precincts of the counties of Midway,
Big Sioux, Pipe-Stone, Rock, and in Pembina—
some five counties. And what further does it
state? That Alpheus G. Fuller received a ma-
jority of the votes cast outside the limits of the
present State of Minnesota.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to ask
the gentleman if all the evidence here of the fact
that votes were cast for Mr. Fuller in the several
counties which the gentleman has named, is not
the certificate of the register of deeds in the county
of Midway? And, if so, I desire to know what
authority a register of deeds of one county has to
cettify to votes cast in another county ?
Mr. WILSON. It is not all the evidence we
have of the fac*.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana how the officers of one county could
certify to the votes cast in other counties?
Mr, WILSON. They do certify that votes
were cast, and that all the votes were cast for
Filler. And, now, I will ask the gentleman from
Maine whether there was before the committee
any evidence that one single vote was cast for
Mr. Kingsbury outside the limits of what is now
the State of Minnesota?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The evidence
was this: it is proved that there were organized
courts in the Territory outside the State limits,
and it is to be presumed that the people in those
counties had the right to vote, and in the absence
of evidence to the contiary, that they did vote in
the election of a territorial Delegate. There is no
proof that there were any votes at all cast for
Mr. Fuller, except the certificates presented by
Mr. Fuller, which are no evidence at all, and were
not received by the committee as such. I will
state further, that we now have evidence of the
fact, that two hundred votes were cast in one
county outside the State limits, for Mr. Kings-
bury, and that votes were cast in several of the
precincts in other counties.
Mr. WILSON. There was evidence satisfac-
tory to three members of the committee that votes
were cast for Mr. Fuller. But the gentleman from
Maine says he has the right to infer that votes
were cast for Mr. Kingsbury outside the limits
of the State. What right has he to infer that,
when we have a certificate that all the votes were
cast for Mr. Fuller? He relies on a presumption;
I on proof. He makes a presumption; I bring
a certificate, and that certificate shows clearly ana
conclusively that Mr. Fuller received a majority
of the votes.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My friend from
Indiana speaks of a certificate. I would like to
know what certificate he has?
Mr. WILSON. The certificate of three per-
