600
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....1st Sess.
Appropriations, New Offices, &fc.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of the masters and
crews of foreign vessels in rescuing citizens
and vessels of the United States from ship-
wreck, to be expended under the direction of
the President of the United States   .$10,000 00
For the purchase ofblank-books,stationery, arms
of the United Slates, seals, presses, and flags,
and for the payment of postages and miscella-
neous expenses of the consuls of the United
States  40,000 00
For office rent for those consuls general, con-
suls, and commercial agents who are not al-
lowed to trade, including loss by exchange
thereon ...., ..  27,370 00
For salaries of consuls general at Quebec, Cal-
cutta, Alexandria, Simoda, Havana, Constan-
tinople, Frankfort-oji-the-Main; consuls at
Liverpool, London, Melbourne, Hong Kong,
Glasgow, Mauritius, Singapore, Belfast, Cork,
Dundee, Demarara, Halifax, Kingston, (Ja-
maica,) Leeds, Manchester, Nassau, (New
Providence,) Southampton, Turk's Island,
Prince Edward's Island, Havre, Paris, Mar-
seilles, Bordeaux, La Rochelle, Lyons, Mos-
cow, Odessa, Revel, Saint Peteisburgh, Ma-
tanzas, Trinidad de Cuba, Santiago do Cuba,
San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga, Ponce,
(Porto Rico,) Trieste, Vienna, Aix-la-Cha-
pelle, Canton, Shanghai, Fouehou, Amoy,
Ningpo, Beiiout, Smyrna, Jerusalem, Bolter-
dam, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Funchal, Oporto,
St. Thomas, Elsmeur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva,
Messina, Naples, Palermo, LeipMc, Munich,
Leghorn, Stuttgardt, Bremen, Hamburg, Tan-
giers, Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de Janeiro, Pemam-
buco, Vera Cruz, Acapulco, Callao, Valparai-
so, Buenos Ayres, San Juan del Sur, Aspm-
wall, Panama, Laguayra, Honolulu, Lahaina,
Capetown, Falkland Islands, Venice, Stettin,
Candia, Cyprus, Batavia, Fayal, Santiago,
(Cape de Verdes,) Saint Croix, Spezzia,
Athens, Zanzibar, Bahai, Maranham Island,
Para, Uio Grando, Malamoras, Mexico, (city,)
Tampico, Paso del Norle, Tabasco, Paita,
Tutnbez, Talcahuano, Carthasena, Sabanillo,
Omoa, Guayaquil, Cobija, Montevideo, Tab u a,
Bay of Islands, Apia, Lamhala; eomrnoicial
agents at San Juan del Noru;, Port-au-Prince,
San Domingo, (city,) St. Paul de Loamla,
(Angola,) Monrovia, Gaboon, Onpe Hayucii,
Aux Cayes, and Amoor nvej....  ,173,750 00
For interpreters lo the consulates m China  -1,500 00
For compensation of the commu>siouei, secie-
tary, chiel astronomer and siuvcyor, a--i-tunt
astronomer and surveyor, clerk, and for pio-
visions, transportation, and contingencies of
the commission to run and nmik the bound-
ary line between the Untied States and the
British possessions hounding on Washington
Territory   71,000 00
For compensation and pei diem of tin* commis-
sioner, compensation of the suiveyor, and for
the payment of all expends of the commis-
sion undei the iccipiocity treaty with Cheat
Britain \ 23,000 00
$912,1:20 00
By the act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
For pay of commission, vvat i ant, and petty officers, and sea-
men, including engineer corps of the Navy,$3,«U.>, w.~) UO
For provisions tor coin mission, wan ant, and pet-
ty officers, and seamen, including engineers
and marines attached to voxels lor sea sei vice, 911,700 00
Fur surgeons' necessaries and appliances, I'ur the
sick and hurt of the Navy, including the engi-
neer and manne corps   32,150 00
Foi increase, repan, armament, and equipment
of the Navy, including the wear and tear of
vessels in commission, fuel for ste.imeis, and
purchase of hemp for the Navy 2,850,000 00
For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small
aims, including incidental expense* 598,000 00
For contingent expenses that may accrue for the
following put poses, viz : tieightand transpor-
tation, punting and stationery, advertising m
newspapers, books, maps, models, and diaw-
mgs, purchase arid repair of fire-engines and
machinery, repairs of and attendmg'to steam-
engines in navy-yards, purchase and mainte-
nance ofhoiscs and oxen and diawtug teams,
carts, timber-wheels, and the purchase and le-
pairs of workmens' tool*, postage of public
letters, fuel, oil and candle,-, tin navy-yatds and
shore stations, pav of watchmen and" inciden-
tal labor not chargeable to any other appio-
puation, transportation to and labor attending
the delivery of provisions and stores on torcign
stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, tiavel-
jng expenses of officers and others uridei ol-
der-?, funeral expenses, stoie and office rent,
stationery, fuel, commissions and pay of ele: ks
to Navy agents and storekeeper*, flag*, awn-
ing.-, and packing hoses, premiums and other
expense- ol leciuitmj;, apprehending de-oners,
per diem pay f<- n.-r-ons attending comts mar-
tial and courts of inquiry, ami other sei vices
authonzed b\ law, pav to judges advocate, pi-
lotage and towage of vessels and assistance to
vessels m ill-ties-,, hi)!.- of health and quaiau
* tine «jxpf n^e-? of vessels of the United Stai-s
Navy m forejjn ports  897,600 00
Marine Corps.
For pay of the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and privates, clerks, messen-
gers, stewards, and servants, for rations and
clothing for servants, subsistence and addi-
tional rations for five years' service of officers,
for undrawn clothing and rations, bounties for
reenlistments, and pay for unexpned terms of
previous service.  . $395,578 26
For provisions for marines serving on shore.... 64,313 00
For clothing.       66,512 00
For fuel 4  20,756 7o
For military atores, viz: repair of arms, pay of
armorers, purchase of aceouterments, ord-
nance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other in-
struments, and one thousand rifled muskets.. 25,000 00
For transportation of officers and troops, and ex-
penses of recruiting......  12,000 00
For repairs of barracks and rent of offices where
there are no public buildings for that purpose, 8,000 00
To pay the contractors for building cisterns,
erecting porticoes to commandant's house and
officeis' quatters, to complete porticoes on the
men's quarters, pavements and curb to com-
mandant's house and officers' quarters of the
marine barracks at Pensacola, Florida, (so as
fully to complete said marine gai rison)    16,800 00
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll, cart-
age, and wharfage, compensation tojudces ad-
vocate, per diem for attending couusriiartial,
courts ot inquiry, and for constant labor, house
rent in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased ma-
rine*, printing, stationery, postage, and tele-
graphing, apprehension of deseiters, oil, can-
dles, gas, foiage, straw, furniture, bed sacks,
spades, shovels, axes, picks, and carpenter
tools, keep of a horse lor the messenger, and
pay of matron, washerwomen, arid porter at
hospital headquarters, and for the purchase of
a fire engine for the use of the marine barracks
at headquarters  32,500 00
Navy-Yards.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repans at the several
navy-yards, viz.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For mooring piers tor dock, extending stables,
completion of dock Imsm, repairs of floating
dock, and lepairs of all kinds    52,215 00
Boston.
For reservoirs, boiler-house, chimney and boilers
at lope-walk, altering tai-kettles, machinery,
and bobbins lor rope-walk, to complete ma-
chine-shop, and for machinery for maclnnc-
shop and fuuudery, extension of dry-dock,and
lepairs ol all kinds 203,500 00
Nexo York.
For boiler-house and setting boileis, water pipes,
diams, quay walls, sewer extended to quay
wall, boiler to dredger, timber basin, repairs of
oakum -diop, filling ponds m yard, dredging
channel and scows, piling site for marine bar-
racks, machinery lor machine-shop, boiler-
shop, saw-mill, f'oundery, srxnthery, and In ass
fouudety, and rcpans ol all kinds ,269,516 00
Philadelphia.
For extending gun-carnage shop, additional story
to plumbci's shop, dredging channels, and re-
pairs of dredger, icpaus ol diy dock, and le-
pairs of all kinds  97,214 00
Washington.
For extension of navy store, for anchor shop and
eoal-hou--e«, pavement1!, drains, and gutters,
machinery and tools, and lepuus of all kinds.. 99.100 00
Norfolk.
For continuation of quay wall, completing vic-
tualling establishment, completing grading and
dtaniage, dicdgmg channels, continuing ship-
bouse mimbej iorty-eight, to be binJf of iron or
wood, as may be deemed expedient, machinery
and tools completing leservoir, completing
carpenters' shop, and lepans of all kinds 285,808 00
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to puiehase
tools and tuuu^li the machine-shop and foun-
deiyatthc Norfolk navy-yaid  20,000 00
Pensacola.
Foi continuing giamte wbaif, repaning and op-
erating dock, tiihnir and paving around dock
basin, dredging m fiontof ba*<m, repan s of rail-
wajs, completing water-pipes to permanent
whart, completing foundeiy, constructor'
workshop, cMetn at machine-shop, trip-ham-
mer for snutheiy, bla^t-pipes, and repairs of
all kinds - 247,365 00
J\lare Island, California.
For guard-house, munbei seventy-three, tar and
pitch-house nnr.iliei seventy-four, two cis-
terns number loity-.nne, grading, paving,con-
tinuing wharf, foundeiyand boiler establish-
ment, g.>s-wot'k- and Ik-hop'  deruck 317,971 00
Hospitals.
For tbe construction and completion of works,
and foi the cuiient lepansof the several na-
val hospitals:
Boston.
For repalts of buildings and grounds  3.000 00
To enable the Secretaries of the Treasury and
Navy to ascertain and pay the actual value of
the ten acres of land heretofore belonging to
the naval hospital estate at Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, and ceded by the sixth section of "An
act making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic service of the Government," approved
the third March, eighteen hundred and fitty-
five, for the purposes of a marine hospital for
the district of Boston and Charlestown, to the
credit of the naval hospital fund, out of which
the original purchase of the property so ceded
was made [Indefinite.]
New York.
For completing heating apparatus, and repairs
of buildings and fences $13,200 00
Naval Asylum, Philadelphia.
For gateway and iron gate on Shippen street,
and road from same ; repairs to furnaces,
grates, and langes ; painting main building and
lodges; brick floors in governor's and surgeon's
houses; cleaning and whitewashing; gas-tax,
water-tax, furniture for the asylum and re-
pairs, and for general repairs  8,500 00
Forsuppoitof beneficiaries at the asylum  26,392 00
Norfolk.
For repairs of buildings and appurtenances  11,000 00
Pensacola.
For draining and filling ponds, and repairs of
buildings and grounds    18,700 00
Magazines.
For the construction and completion of works,
and for the current repairs at the several
naval magazines:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For gun-carnage shop and storehouse, boiler-
room, engine and machinery, and repairs of all
kinds    46,600 00
Boston.
For repairs of all kinds  1,500 00
Neic York.
For dredging channel to Ellis's Island, and repairs
of all kinds   6,800 00
Philadelphia.
For repaiis of all kinds  1,000 00
Norfolk.
To complete ordnance building, continuation of
sea wall at magazine, and for iron crane at
Fort Norfolk  61,265 00
Pensacola.
For repairs of all kinds  1,000 00
Mare Island, California.
For shell-house, magazine, keeper's house and
grounds, tank-house and filling room, railway
and cars to transport powder to and fiotn mag-
azine, shot-beds, cleaning and piling shot and
shells  11,450 00
For pay of superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several
navy-yaidsand stations 139,232 00
For the purchase of nautical monuments re-
quired for the use of the Navy; for repairs of
the same, and also of astiouoimcal instru-
ments; and forthe puiehase ot nautical books,
maps, and chaits, and for backing and binding
the same  18,000 00
Foi printing and publishing sailing directions, liy-
drograplncal <?uiveys, and astionomical obser-
vations, in addition to the balance on hand... 5,01)0 00
For continuing the publication of the senes of
Wind and Current Charts, and for defraying all
the expenses connected therewith  18,000 00
To enable the Secretary ol the Navy to pay the
salary of Professor James P. Espy  2,000 00
For models, drawings, and copying ; for postage,
freight, and transportation; forkeepmggrounds
m older; for tuel and lights ; and for'all other
contingent expenses ; and foi the wages of pei-
sons employed at the United States Naval Ob-
servatory and Ilydrographical Office, viz : one
instrument-maker, two watchmen, and one
porter  6,160 00
Foi improvement and lepairs of buildings and
grounds, and support of the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, Maryland  45,671 23
For preparing for publication the American Nau-
tical Almanac  26,880 00
For five steam-sloops, authorized by act third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty seven.. .1,350,000 00
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay for
the preparation of a code of regulations forthe
government of the Navy, as direeted ui the
seventh section of the act entitled {£ An act
making appropriations for the naval seivice for
the year ending the thirtieth ot June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-eight," approved thud
March, eighteen hundied and fifty-seven.3,000 00
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
expenses of coui t*  of luquny to investigate the
cases of certain officers affected by the act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled ' An
act to promote the efficiency of theNavy,'" ap-
pioved sixteenth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven     110,000 00
