1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they release him from party obligations, nobody
else has a right to interpose and complain. I
take the ground, and I stand on it, that my obli-
gations on party issues are to the party who have
elected me; and if they absolve me from the obli-
gation, no one else has a right to bind me.
Then, sir, taking it on the ground that these
men did violate their pledges, which I should un-
dertake to controvert as a matter of fact, what
does it amount tor Until it.ts shown that the men
who elected them were deceived, and that they
complain, I maintain that the complaint goes for
nothing. Suppose a Senator comes here pledged
to his party friends as a party man on a party
measure to do a paiticular thing, and they after-
wards change their minds, and say to him, " we
_ would rather you would not do it, and he refuses
it: have the enemy any business to complain ?
This was a party question; it was a question
between the pro-slavery party on the one hand,
and the free-State party on the other; the free-
State men did not vote for Mr. Calhoun; they did
not vote for his associates; they got their votes
of the pro-slavery party, and were chosen; and
whenever the pro-slavery party complain that
they have violated their pledges to them, the com-
plaint may be listened to; but it would be just as
bad for me or my friends to complain if the anti-
slavery party had not redeemed their pledges to
their friends. I have nothing to do with their
pledges, whether they redeem them or not.
Now, sir, I can tell you what I understand to
■ be the facts, and that they are susceptible of proof
I have no question. These men did pledge them-
selves to submit the whole constitution to the peo-
ple. They did it with the hope of getting the
whole population to come out and vote. The
anti-slavery people declaicd that they would take
no part in the election; they would have nothing
to do with it; they would stay away from the
polls. Then the friends of Mr. Calhoun and his
associates held meetings, and absolved them from
their obligation to fulfill that pledge. They said,
and said rightly, " the pledge is to us; we do not
want you to fulfill it; we do not ask you to fulfill
it; we would rather you would not fulfill it." If
they absolved them from the obligation, I main-
tain that nobody else had a right to complain.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] in
addressing himself to this subject, some days ago,
took one or two positions to which I beg leave to
call attention. He made it a ground of marked
. objection to the Kansas constitution that it was
repugnant, in many of its provisions, to a large
portion of the people, and that yet, before they
were allowed to vote in regard to it, they were
required to take an oath that they would support
it. This the Senator considered a monstrous out-
rage. Sir, it would have been a monstrous outrage
if the test oath, as he calls it, had been applied to
one party, and not to the other; but it was applied
to every voter, whether he belonged to the free-
State or to the slave-State organization; to the
pro-slavery or the anti-slavery party. If anybody
required him to do it, he must take an oath to
support that constitution before he could cxercise
the right of voting for or against it. Idonotthink
there was any great outrage in this. If there had
been an oath that they should approve the con-
stitution, there would have been a great outrage in
that; but to supporta constitution, and to approve
it, are two different things. How often has the
honorable Senator sworn to support the constitu-
tion of Michigan ? Does he approve all that is in
it? Are there not things in it which he would
prefer to have otherwise ? When we go to that
desk, and swear to support the Constitution of
the United States, do we swear that we approve
it? If so, I never would have taken an oath to
support it. There are many things in it which I
do not approve, which I should be glad to see
otherwise; but I am simply sworn, as a good,
law-abiding citizen, that so long as it is the Con-
stitution, I will support it, whether I believe it to
be right or wrong.
These people, as I have shown before, were in
open rebellion against the government of Kansas.
Disguise the fact as you please, it still stands out
at every point that they were in rebellion; and
the convention, wisely 1 think, required them to
support the constitution before they should have
anything to do with putting it in operation. It
was meant for rebelsand traitors and for nobody
else, and being meant for them it was right.
What business has a man in open rebellion against
the Government of his country, not meaning to
obey its laws or support its constitution, to take
part in its elections ? If he will do so, ought you
not to bind him by oaths, and by all the power
that you can throw around him, to cea§e his re-
bellion and obey the laws? Even acting under
the solemnity of an oath, these men would hardly
be held within reasonable bounds or proper re-
straint. Without some such restraint, it would
have been madness to submit the constitution to
their hands.
Again, my honorable friend objects to that fea-
ture of the constitution which required the pres-
ident of the convention to appoint the officers
who were to hold the election. When people do
not mean to be satisfied, they find fault with any-
thing and with everything. What have been the
great complaints in reference to Kansas elections ?
That the sheriffs would not do their duty, that
they were partisan men. It is even said, now,
that when they were required to take the census
and keep the registry of votes, they did it so im-
perfectly that one half the people were disfran-
chised. Then the convention takes the matter
out of the hands of the sheriffs and puts it in the
hands of commissioners, and the Senator is not
satisfied. What will satisfy Ifim? I know the
Senator from Michigan is too fair-minded to want
anything unjust. I am sure he would not want
ballot-box stuffers appointed on either side to hold
the election; but it seems to me, that in view of
all the complaints about the malfeasance and bad
conduct in every way of the sheriffs, that it was
wise and propdr to put the election in the hands
of new parties.
Again, the Senator says Kansas is to be admit-
ted into the Union, and he likens the position to
bring her in to carrying a convict with shackles
upon his arms, and admitting him into the peni-
tentiary. I am sure that the Senator could not
well have studied that expression before he ut-
tered it; he could not have reviewed the speech
after he made it, or no such comparison would
have been allowed to passinto the everlasting rec-
ords of the country. What, sir, the introduction
of a State into this Union,likened to the admis-
sion of a shackled convict into the penitentiary!
I scarcely know in what language to comment on
such a comparison.
Then my friend, (and I am sorry that I have not
his speech before me, but I am sure I shall quote
his idea correctly,) as though exceedingly anxious
to get clear of the slavery question and put it away
from him, says " these woolly-heads are eternally
floating before my vision; turn which way I
may, I am surrounded with these woolly-heads."
All I have to say to that is, that if the Senator
will let the woolly-headsalone, I will be responsi-
ble that the woolly-heads will let him alone. There
is not a more amiable people in all the world, let
metellthe Senator, than these same woolly-heads.
They are as innocent and inoffensive as the sheep
that giaze upon his own pastures, and never dis-
turb any one.
By the way, talking of the woolly-heads and the
sheep, remindsme of a little story that I think will
illustrate the Senator's position. I heard some-
where of a man who had been long suspected of
not dealing very fairly with his neighbor's prop-
erty. Away out in an unfrequented wood the
owner of a flock came bluff upon him just as he
had slaughtered a sheep, and it was lying at his
feet. Said the owner of the animal, " I am glad
to catch you at last. At last I have caught you in
the very act." "Caught me in doing what ?" "In
the very act of killing my sheep." " Indeed,"
the man replied, " have a care; be a little cautious,
sir, how you charge an innocent man with sheep
stealing." " Why, you do not mean to say that
you did not kill the sheep?" " Certainly not,"
was the reply. t11 did kill the sheep, and I would
kill anybody's sheep that would bite me as I am
walking peaceably along the road." [Laughter.]
Now, sir, if the Senator will let our sheep alone,
our woolly-heads alone, 1 dare say he will never
be bitten by them while he is peaceably walking
along the road, or in any unfrequented part of
the country. Just let the negroes alone. If the
Senator will take it kindly, I would advise him
to attend to Michigan affairs, and let me attend
to Mississippi matters; just get all your north-
em friends to attend to local matters which.con-
cern you, and let us down South" attend to oar
own local affairs; and then let us jointly attend to
the affairs of the whole country, and we shall get
along finely. Our sheep will never bite you, our
woolly-heads will never disturb you if you' will
only act on that principle.
Well, sir, I have got through the greater portion
of what I intended to say on the points already
alluded to; yet there are other matters connected
with the discussion to which I feel that I ought
to pay some attention.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will give way,,
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. BROWN. Oh, no; unless the Senate de-
sires to adjourn. ["Adjourn."] I understood,
when I rose, that there was some disposition to
settle the question this evening. ["Oh, no."J
Rather than weary the Senate, I indicated in the
beginning a purpose not to say anything, but fet
the question be taken. If I have talked the Sen-
ate into the humor to take the vote now, I will
stop. ["No, no."] If the Senate is not disposed!
to have the vote taken, I will go on.
Mr. SEWARD. Though I have no purpose of
speaking myself, I am quite sure that it will be a
very late hour before the question can be taken
to-night; and I hope the Senate is not under any
such pressure but that we can be allowed to digest
what the honorable Senator has given us to-day,
and come back and proceed to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator yield me the
floor for an instant? I shall not undertake to
reply to the Senator from Mississippi now, be-
cause I think it is very improper to put one Sen-
ator's speech into the speech of another. I only
wish to say, that at the proper time, and on a
proper occasion, I will pay my full respects to the
Senator's criticism on my speech, anecdote and
all.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will yield the floor, I will move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. BROWN. I yield.
Mr. IVERSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of execu tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 3, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. STANTON. The House will recollect that
an attachment was issued some days since for a
witness who had been subpenaed and had refused
to appear before the select committee of which I
am chairman. That witness is now in the cus-
tody of theSergeant-at-Arms,and I desire to offer
a resolution in relation to the subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
have the witness brought to the bar of the House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio proposes to do that.
The SPEAKER. A warrant was issued to
bring the witness here. The Sergeant-at-Arms
was directed to bring the witness to the bar of the
House, and that officer will now report.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of the
House, and said:
Mr. Speaker, in obedience to the order of the
House,! have now here J. D. Williamson, a wit-
ness whom I was directed to report at the bar of
the House.
Mr. STANTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion: ^
Resolved, That J. D. Williamson, Esq., of the city ofNew
York, now in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, un<ler an
attachment for contempt in refusing obedience to a sum-
mons requiring him to appear and testify before a commit-
tee of tins House, be now arraigned at the bar of the House,
and that tfie Speaker propound to him the following inter-
rogatories :
1st. What excuse have yon for not appearing before the
select committee of this House, in pursuance of the sum-
mons served on you on the 27th ultimo I
2d. Are you now ready to appear before said committee,
and answer such proper questions as shall be put to you by
said committee ?
