1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sons, officers of the county of Midway, who cer-
tify that Mr. Puller received a majority of the
votes cast.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Where is the county
of Midway, and who are the men that gave that
certificate ?
Mr. WILSON. Here is the certificate.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. On what authority
have they given any such certificate ?
Mr. WILSON. They are officers of a county
in the Territory of Minnesota, outside the limits
of the State.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. What authority
have they to certify to the election of a Delegate
to this House ?
Mr. WILSON. They do not certify that.
They only prove the votes cast outside the limits
of the State.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is evidence
that Mr. Kingsbury received votes over the whole
Territory.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
what evidence there is that Mr. Kingsbury re-
ceived any vote outside the limits of the State ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is a state-
ment of Governor Medary, which is quite as
good evidence as that which Mr. Puller produces.
Mr. WILSON. The statement of Governor
Medary was not before the Committee of Elec-
tions. The evidence of Mr. Puller was before us.
But, sir, I have no feeling in regard to the mat-
ter. I have no political bias in regard to the mat-
ter. Both of these gentlemen are of opposite pol-
itics from me. The majority of the committee
have presented the case on the part of Mr. Kings-
bury, and the minority have merely presented
that on the part of Mr. Fuller. 1 admit frankly
that the only evidence we have of Mr. Kingsbury
being within the limits of the State, and there-
fore outside the Territory—for which it is pro-
posed to admit a Delegate here—is the statement
made by Mr. Puller himself. In fact, almost the
entire evidence before the committee is made up
of the statements of one or the other oftheparties.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman whether either of these gentlemen
reside within the limits of the Territory, and out-
side the State of Minnesota?
Mr. WILSON. I understand that Mr. Fuller
lives outside the limits of the State.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand he
was never in the Territory outside the State but
once in his life, which was on the day of election;
and that then he came back the next day.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that he resides
outside the limits of the State. Rut, sir, these i
facts were all hastily passed upon by the commit-
tee. I do not think the matter was under con-
sideration there for more than half an hour. The
minority determined to present every fact they
could obtain, and then let the House determine
the matter as they think proper. I shall be per-
fectly satisfied whichever one of the Delegates
they admit; and I shall be satisfied if they send
them both back. .
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to state
all I know about this matter. I voted against Mr.
Kingsbury holding his seat, not entirely for the
reasons which appear in the minority report. It
struck me as an anomaly that when, by the or-
ganization of a State, the Governor, and other ter-
ritorial officers, were superseded, the Delegate's
office here was not also superseded. After the
committee adjourned, I was met by Mr. Fuller,
who complained that he had not been notified to
appear before the committee, and that the facts of
his case had not been made known. I heard him,
agreed that he might state the facts, and that I
would present them to the House as a matter of
personal favor to him. Well, sir, I am satisfied
that Mr. Kingsbury was not voted for by any
except citizens living within the confines of the
State; and the case of Mr. Fuller is completely
made out, if members will turn their attention to
the provisions of the State constitution, and the
legislation which took place under it. None are
authorized to vote for Delegate except those who
are authorized to vote for members of the Terri-
torial Legislature. How could a man vote out-
side the confines of the State? If he did, he voted
against the law.
On the 13th day of October there was an elec-
tion held in the Stale of Minnesota. There the
citizenselected State officers, memHirs of the Gen-
eral Assembly, three members to Congress, and
also a Delegate. There were opposing candidates
in the State, and opposing candidates outside of
the State—separate and distinct elections. Mr.
Kingsbury had an opponent. The Democratic
members who ran for Congress had opponents.
A similar election was held in the Territory out-
side of the State. Mr. Fuller was the Democratic
candidate for Delegate, and he was opposed by a
candidate of different politics. The election was
held regularly outside of the Territory, as regu-
larly as the imperfect organization of things would
permit. Mr. Fuller was elected and returned. He
has advised me that the attempt to retain Mr.
Kingsbury in his seat any longer has entirely
taken him by surprise. I state from the best in-
vestigation that I could give to the subject, that
my mind is clear that Mr. Kingsbury has no right
to be here. Whether Mr. Fuller has or not, may
be another question.
Mr. HUGHES. I submit as an amendment,
the resolution which was read from the Clerk's
desk a short while ago 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. A great many gen-
tlemen desire to leave the Hall, and I will give
notice now that I will call the previous question
to-night, and ask for a vote to-morrow, after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, it is a matter
of no small importance, and not to be too hastily
dispatched to decide whether or not a man has a
right to a seat upon this floor. When this ques-
tion was first presented to this House, believing
that although it in part pertained to matters
which lie within the jurisdiction of the Commit-
tee of Elections, yet it also embraced a large field
of inquiry proper for the Committee on Territo-
ries, of which I am a member, I endeavored to
get a motion before the House to refer the matter
to that committee, but was prevented by the pre-
vious question.
I have carefully read the reports of the minority
and majority of the Committee of Elections, and
I have examined the precedents which are referred
to in both of them; and, sir, I must be permitted
to say, that if either of the gentlemen applying for
a seat upon this floor, as a Delegate from Minne-
sota Territory, is entitled to a seat, it is Mr. Ful-
ler and not Mr. Kingsbury. But I do not admit
that the fact that Mr. Puller received a majority of
the votes castin the area outside of the limits of the
State of Minnesota, alone entitles him to walk in
here and take his seat upon this floor, although
there is a precedent for it. That precedent is in
the case ofSiblcy, the former Delegate from Wis-
consin, which the majority of this committee re-
lied upon in their report to sustain the claim of
Mr. Kingsbury. I assert that it is directly in the
face of, and opposed to, the claim of Mr. Kings-
bury, and directly a precedent for the admission
of Mr. Fuller upon this floor; and I make that
statement upon the authority of the report of the
Committee of Elections in that case.
On that occasion there was a majority and a
minority report. Mr. Thompson, of Indiana,
made the majority report. Mr. Sibley in that case
occupied the status that is occupied by Mr. Fuller
here. He claimed to be the representative of
that portion of the Territory which lay outside of
the State limits. Mr. Tweedy, who occupied the
status now occupied by Mr. Kingsbury, believing
his right to a seat upon this floor doubtful, volun-
tarily resigned, and then the question came up
whether the House would admit Mr.Sibley. The
majority reported in favor of his admission, and
the minority against it. The House admitted him.
If that is a precedent to govern our action in this
case, then Fuller is entitled to a seat on this floor,
and Kingsbury is not.
But how far is that precedent binding on the
House? The cases are exactly parallel. Mr.
Sibley was admitted to a seat on this floor in the
month of January, and the Territory was not or-
ganized till March following. The Territory of
Dacotah is not organized. That is the Territory
which Fuller claims to represent. A bill is pend-
ing before Congress to erect it into a separate ter-
ritorial government; but it is a matter to be passed
upon by Congress. Congress is to say whether
or not any Territory ought to be organized there.
I suppose that each case will stand on its own
merits. In that case, I apprehend, it was plain
to the Congress that admitted Mr. Sibley that the
territorial bill organizing the Territory of Minne-
sota would pass, and therefore they felt no hesi-
tation in admitting Sibley to his seat. But is it
at all clear, is it at all certain that the Territory of
Dacotah will be organized into a separate and in-
dependent territorial government? That is a ques-
tion yet to be passed upon. How many inhabitants
are there in-those counties? May it not bo ulti-
mately found to'Be the wiser and better policy,
instead of going to the expense of a Governor,
Legislative Assembly, and all the machinery of a
territorial government there, to attach these coun-
ties to the Territory of Nebraska, and give to that
Territory an additional judicial district? That
would dispose of the whole question. Then what
right would Puller or Kingsbury have to a seat
on this floor ?
I am not in favor of hot haste in admitting men
to this House before the people of a Territory
have fairly asked for a Delegate. I understand
the facts in this case to be as stated in the report
of the minority of the committee. A paper has
been handed to me, which I wish to have read, to
show who received the votes in these outside
counties. The fact appears to be, if these papers
are true, that while the people inside of the limits
of the present State of Minnesota were voting for
Kingsbury, the people, in whatis called Dacotah,
were voting for Fuller; and that Kingsbury lives
within the limits of the State, and not of the sup-
posed Territory.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Do I understand the
gentleman to say, that the elections within the
State, and outside of the State, were held on the
same day ?
Mr. HUGHES. Yes; it is so stated in the re-
ports of the committee.
The paper was read, as follows:
Medary, November 93, 1857.
The following is the result of the election for Delegate to
Congress in Dacotah Territory:
Midway County.
Medary precinct, A. G. Fuller   103 votes.
Flamlran precinct. A. G. Fuller    77 "
Renshaw precinct, A. G. Fuller  45 "
Rock County.
Colan Perce piecinet, A. G. Fuller  83 votes.
Split Rock precinct, A. G. Fuller  34 "
Big Sioux County.
Sioux Falis City precinct, A. G. Fuller   97 votes.
Emaneja precinct, A. G. Fuller 51 "
Summit City precinct, A. G. Fuller  99 "
Pipe. Stone County.
Pipe-Stone City precinct, A. G. Fuller 47 votes.
Pembina County.
Big-Stone Lake precinct, A. G. Fuller  47 votes.
The above is a true copy of the record filed in the office of
the register of deeds of Midway county.
WILLIAM E. BROWN,
Register of Deeds.
D. S. BRAWLEY,
Chairman Board of City Council.
A. J. WHITNEY,
Sheriff of Midway county.
Mr. KELSEY. If the gentleman from Indiana
will yield to me, I will submit a motion which I
think will accomplish the object he has in view,
and dispose of this matter at once. I agree with
the principles of his amendment offered here, but
it would be idle for us to waste more time on the
subject; and, if the gentleman will yield to me, I
will submit a proposition to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. HUGHES. After I shall have redeemed
my promise to my colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] I
will do so. I promised to yield the floor to him
to allow him to submit his proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the resolu-
tion offered by the majority of the committee, by
striking out all after the word " resolved," and
inserting the following:
That W. W. Kmgsburv is not entitled longer to retain
a seat in tins House as a Delegate from the Territory of
Minnesota.
Resolved, That A. G. Fnllei be allowed to qualify and
take a seat in tins House as a Delegate fiom the said Ter-
ritory without the limits o( the State of Minnesota.
Mr. HUGHES. This proposition of my col-
league is offered as an amendment to the resoJu-
