1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
of a purser, but that, when this gentleman was
commanding that ship, from the necessary duties
of his position—for he was on an exploring expe-
dltion—it was utterly impossible for him to give
a personal superintendence to that subjcct. I do
not know whether he is familiar with the duties
of a purser or not. I should think he would be a
very extraordinary man if he were; because the
duties of a purser are pretty much, in the detail,
♦hose of the keeper of a shtfp, who is required by
the United States to issue from his storehouse
minute articles of clothing, the minutest articles
of dress, at stated prices, to the crew, and charge
them accordingly; as well as to pay them their
wages, fix what they are to have, how it is to be
charged, and what the prices are. These are mat-
ters of minute arrangement from the naval regu-
lations, as I understand. I doubt not that, if this
gentleman could have remained on board his ves-
sel, and given his personal superintendence to the
duties of purser, substituting himself in place of
a purser, these inaccuracies and errors would not
have occurred; but I equally well know that, if
he had done so, he would have disappointed the
great object of his cruise, and he would have
shown himself unworthy of the far higher trust
which was reposed in him, and which he has so
■\yell discharged, in conducting the expedition to
the La Plata.
The honorable Senator from Texas objects that
Captain Page was allowed a clerk Although it
is stated in the report of the committee that he
was not, the Senator presents a statement made
by A. O. Dayton, who, I believe, is the Fourth
Auditor of the Treasury, that Commander Page
" had a clerk, who was paid at the rate of $500
per annum.9* There would, therefore, seem to
be a discrepancy between the statement in the
report and the statement of Mr. Dayton. I have
not seen Mr. Page since this bill was passed, or
since this objection was made; but I know, in the
first place, as I dare say many Senators know,
that Air. Pas;c is not only an officer of high posi-
tion, but that he is a gentleman of undoubted
honor and truth. "Whatever he states 1 know is
the truth; and I take it there is really no conflict
of veracity between him and the accounting oili-
cer. J should construe the statement in the report,
to mean this, that he was not allowed a cleik by
the Department to act in the place of a purser. 1
believe it is usual to allow the captains of ships
to have a captain's clerk. I presume he means
he was not allowed a clerk to act in the place of
purser; because we find, in another part of the
report, it is said that these errors were committed
by the purser's steward, on whom it would ap-
pear that the active duties of a purser were neces-
sarily devolved.
I know, fiom conversation with naval officers
very often, that when they are put in command
of small vessels, they are not allowed a purser by
the usage of the service. They are themselves
not pursers; the duties of a purser are minute, in-
volving a groatdcal of detail, a great deal of care-
ful supervision in the management of the stores;
and I know that these gentlemen frequently sus-
tain loss, either from inaccuracies or infidelity on
the part of the subordinates of the ship, on whom
.they are obliged to devolve these duties. I have
thought it was a hardship in the service that du-
ties shoi\ld devolve on them, involving responsi-
bilities which are not properly a pat t of the naval
duties of their station. Hut he that an it may, in
this instance, this officer was in command of the
steamer Water Witch, for the exploration and
survey of the river La Plata and its tributaries.
I have iooked into his report, winch has been
made and printed by the Senate—not now, but
some time since—and I have found, as he states,
that the duti.es of survey and exploration frequent-
ly took himfiom his vessel, and-sent him on long
journeys inland on the tiibutanes, and he was
absent for five or six months at a time in the dis-
charge of the duties confided to him on that ex-
ploration. During that time, he left not only the
command of the ship, but ail the duties of purser,
of necessity, in charge of a subordinate, the pur-
ser's steward, and some of these inaccuracies, it
seems, resulted from mere computation of figures.
I will not detain the Senate, but say only that
these inaccuracies are certified m the report from
the Naval Committee to have been inaccuracies
and errors only, involving no default whatever;
for it is stated that all the money that is charged
here was actually paid, and the vouchers only
disallowed because they were not according to
the regulations of the service, inaccuraciesresult-
ing, as the report also states, not from infidelity,
but from ignorance and incapacity of the purser's
steward, on whom these duties devolved, the re-
sponsibility, however, being on the commanding
officer. The whole is little over four hundred dol-
lars. One bill is for $75, and the other for $354.
I hope they will not be reconsidered.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Virginia, I
think, misapprehends the true state of the case.
The petitioner says that a large portion, perhaps
all, the money was paid to men in advance; that
is, they were furnished and credited with their
articles in advance. This was contrary to the reg-
ulations, and after having obtained this credit they
deserted, leaving the Government deficient. That
was no discharge of the duties. Any clerk, orany
steward, would know very well that he was bound
by the regulations not to advance anything to sail-
ors, but that he was to pay them up to the time
they served. Their payments are regular; their
issues are regular; the receipts taken from them
should be regular; and it is nothing to discharge
the duty of purser. It is a very small thing to take
memoranda from the men of what is paid; and no
difficulty can arise if the least care is exercised.
As this officer was furnished with the ordinary
means given to officers placed in similar circum-
stances, if you set this precedent it will require
the eternal action of this body to make up the de-
ficiencies that officers will render to the Govern-
ment for want of the proper vouchers, and the
time of Congress will be used as accounting offi-
cers to the Government in making up fordeiicicn-
ciea,ancl misapplication of the means of the Gov-
ernment, by granting relief to individuals. I am
for holding to,a stiict accountability men who are
intrusted with public funds; and if they are not
caieful in obtaining the requisite vouchers, let
them be responsible to the Government, and be
decked m their pay or perquisites. It used to be
so, and it ou^ht to be so again.
The motion to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sago of the bill was rejected.
INDIANA MEETING OF FRIENDS.
Mr. STUART. 1 suppose the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is first in order now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 46) to grant the right of preemption in certain
lands to the Indiana yearly meeting of the Society
of Friends being the unfinished business, is be-
fore the Senate. That takes precedence of the
special ordeix
Mr. CLAY. I do not see the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] in his scat. He desired
to say something on this bill: and as he is a mem-
bei of the committee who leported it, and is op-
posed to it, 1 think the question ought not to be
taken m his absence. He requested me 
Mr. STUART. The Senator is here, I think;
he has been here all the morning. 1 presume he
is about the building, and will be m before the bill
■ is disposed of. I certainly would not take any
advantage of his absence; but we adjourned on
, lias bill yesterday.
i Mr. G WIN. I move to postpone this bill, in
! order to proceed to the consideration of the special
1 order. 1 have no objection to the bill,
i Mr. STUART. 1 think it had better be dis-
| posed of.
i Mr. GWIN. Hut a Senator who wishes to
discuss it is not here. I am in favor of the bill,
and will agree to take it up in the morning hour
at any time.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The motion of Air. Gwin was agreed to; and the
Senate resumed the consideration of the bill (S.
No. Go) authorize the President of the United
States to contract for the transportation of the
mails, ti oops, seamen, munitions of war, and all
other Government scrvice, by railroad, from the
Missouri river to San Francisco, in the State of
California; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Dooi.it n.r. to strike out of the
amendment of Mr. Polk the words " or in the
western boundary line of the State of Missouri,
or of the State of Arkansas, between the mouth of j
; the Big Sioux river and," and insert " between i
■ Breckinridge, at the confluence of the Hois des j
. Sioux with the Red nver of the North, on the j
j western boundary of Minnesota." i
Mr. P0LK> With the consent of the Senate,
I should like to correct an error which I find I fell
into, on the day before yesterday, in the course
of the remarks I had the-honor to submit to the
Senate on the Pacific railroad bill. I stated that
the distance on the route surveyed on or near the
thirty-fifth parallel by Lieutenant Whipple—the
Whipple route I will call it—from Fort Smith to
the crossing on the Colorado, is one thousand three
hundred and ninety-five miles, and from the same
point to the east bank of the Rio Grande is one
thousand one hundred and thirty-five miles,
making a distance of only two hundred and sixty
miles between the Rio Grande and the Rio Col-
orado.
I ought to have said that" the distance from the
same point on the east bank of the Rio Grande is
eight hundred and fifty miles, leaving a distance
of only five hundred and forty-five miles between
the Rio Grande and Rio Colorado." '
I said, also, that starting from the mouth of the
Kansas it would be necessary, in order to get on
the thirty-fifth parallel, to make a southing of
three hundred and fifty miles, being ninety miles
more than the entire distance between the Rio
Grande and the Colorado. Instead of " ninety
miles more,"! ought to have said 14 one hundred
and ninety-five miles less." I further said that,
in order to get from the mouth of the Big Sioux
to the same parallel, it would be necessary to make
a southing of five hundred and twenty miles, be-
ing exactly twice as great as the distance between
these two rivers on the Whipple route. Instead
of "exactly twice as great as the difference," I
ought to have said " twenty-five miles less than
the distance."
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask the indulgence
of the Senate to call the attention of the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to a statement which
he made in his speech in relation to an amend-
ment I had the honor to propose to the Pacific rail-
road bill, and to ask him to correct it He cer-
tainly has done me very great injustice. I will
call the attention of the Senator to that portion of
his speech. He said:
"The bill has been before us frequently before—not this
particular bill, but this measure—and in various shapes.
Accoiding to my leeoilcetion, when it was first introduced
by an honorable Senator lrorn Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who, all
here i egret, is no longer with us, it was, as the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] proposes, upon
a dnect authority to the President to make a contract for
the eonstiuction of the road.'1'
Now, sir, my proposition is no such thing. The
Senator certainly misunderstood it, or did not hear
it. My proposition is not to authorize the Pres-
ident to make a contract for the construction of a
road. It does not differ in that respect from the
bill of the Senator from California. It authorizes
the President to make a contract for the trans-
portation of the mails and public property over the
road, and to advance so much upon that contract;
nothing more. My whole speech was against the
power of the Government to construct the road
itself, and against the policy and expediency of
it. The Senator did not understand my proposi-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I doubt not the Senator has ac-
curately stated his own position. The misappre-
hensions under which I was at the time I made
those remarks to the Senate, were derived either
from a careless reading of the amendment the
Senator had offered, or a misconstruction of what
he said. My impression was that he proposed to
give power to the President to construct the road
I very willingly, and with much pleasure, make
the correction.
Mr. JB RODERICK. I rise for the purpose of
correcting a remark that fell from me on Thurs-
day week last, when the railroad question was
before the Senate. I said :
u I am satisfied that the emigiant route fiom Independ-
ence to Carson valley, which t>trike«  the bolder of Cali-
fornia, u ill be selected by the conn actors, ii it is left to
them to decide "
I intended to have said, "from Independence
to Noble's Pass or Carson valley." I make the
correction now for the purpose of having it set
right.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I do not
desire to say anything m relation to the pending
amendment specially, but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the condition of this bill.
Here is a bill that has been reported to us by a
special committee, and I really do not know, so
