§54
THB€ONGM 0NAL GLOBE.
And that said J. D. Williamson be required to answer
said questions in writing and under oath.
Mr. LETCHER. Is the return of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms in writing?
The SPEAKER. The announcement that the
witness is in custody was made verbally by the
officer of the House, in conformity with the order
of,the House.
LETCHER. It seems to me that it ought
to be in writings so as to show the whole pro-
ceeding.
Mr. STANTON. I have consulted with all
the members of the select committee but one, and
this resolution meets their approval. I have fol-
lowed the precedent set last session in the case of
Colonel Chester. I understand that the witness
desires further time to prepare his answers. I
hope the resolution will be adopted; and then I
will move that the witness have until one o'clock
to-morrow to prepare his answers.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the witness
be recommitted to the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and have until one o'clock to-morrow to
make his answers to the interrogatories to be pro-
pounded by the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. He may prefer to answer
now.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the witness be
brought forward, and the interrogatories be pro-
pounded to him by the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the interrogatories shall be now pro-
pounded?
Mr. PHELPS. It seems to me that the proper
course would be that the witness should answer
in writing, and under oath, and not verbally.
Mr. STANTON. That is the order of the
House. I propose that the interrogatories be now
propounded to the witness; and that he have until
to-morrow at one o'clock to prepare his answers
in writing.
The SPEAKER. Theresolution just adopted
by the House requires the interrogatories to be
answered in writing, and under oath.
Mr. PHELPS. That is right.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose there is no neces-
sity of bringing the witness to the bar and hav-
ing the questions propounded to him. The Clerk
will furnish him with a copy of the resolution. I
therefore move that he be recommitted to the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Aims, and allowed until
to-morrow to prepare his answers.
Mr. PHELPS. And that a copy of the reso-
lution be furnished him.
Mr. HOUSTON. It may he that the witness
would prefer to answer the interrogatories now,
or at an earlier hour than the one named by the
gentleman from Ohio; and I think that, being in
custody, he ought to be allowed to answer at the
earliest possible moment.
Mr. STANTON. I have consulted the witness,
and he desires until to-morrow to prepare his an-
swers.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would suggest to the gentle-
man that he move that the witness have until one
o'clock to-morrow to prepare his answers, unless
he desires to answer at an earlier hour.
Mr. STANTON. The witness has informed
me that the time I have named will suit him.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he modify his motion as
suggested by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] so as to allow the witness to elect
whether he will answer now, or at some future
time.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I have consulted the wit-
ness, and the time I have named suits him. I
move the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection; but
we have had precedents in other cases 
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been called.
Mr. FLORENCE. In the case of Mr. Ches-
ter, that gentleman informed the House, through
a member, that he would prefer to answer under
oath.
The SPEAKER. So the gentleman from Ohio
states. To-morrow, at one o'clock, is the time
fixed for answering.
Mr. FLORENCE. Tt is to the case of Mr.
Chester that I am referring.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the motion was agreed to.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the business first
in order to be the consideration of the President's
message; the question beingon the motion to refer
it to the Committee on Territories, on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice has been given, to reimburse the
corporation of Georgetown a sum of money which
I think is justly due to it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Is this bill reported
from a committee?
Mr. GOODE. It is introduced merely for ref-
erence.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to make an
appeal to the House to postpone for one hour the
question now before it, for the purpose of allow-
ing the committees to present their reports. This
will give us the benefit of the morning hour. Af-
ter that the subject before the House can be re-
sumed, and the debate continued. I hope there
will be no objection to this.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania; but I wish to say that if it is in order I
shall move to lay aside the consideration of the
President's message, and call up the case of which
I gave notice yesterday—the contested-election
case of Ohio. I yield to the solicitations of friends
around me, who desire that this case shall be pre-
sented and considered at this time, although 1 am
entirely willing that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania shall succeed with the proposition which he
has presented to the House. Stiil I wish to give
noticc now that I will make the motion in proper
time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The case mentioned
by the gentleman from Illinois will come up in
its proper place, after the committees shall have
had an opportunity to report. It is a privileged
question, which takes precedence of the matters
now before the House. The gentleman can call
it up just as well after the committees shall have
reported as now.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will, then, to test
the sense of the House, move to postpone for one
hour the consideration of the question that I have
called up, so as to enable the committees to report.
If the committees conclude their reports in less
time I will call it up.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman modify his
motion so as to let the committees be called
through, provided the call does not consume more
than two hours ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will agree to any-
thing that meets the approbation of the House.
I have been spoken to by a large number of gen-
tlemen to allow this to be done, and I will accord
it as far as is in my power.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
that the committees be called for reports, and that
the call be continued for one hour?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object to that, unless ail
the committees be called through. In that case I
will not object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Let the proposi-
tion be so modified.
Mr. II ARRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand the
gentleman from Michigan to object?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood him
as objecting unless conditions were annexed which
the Chair has no right to annex.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I desire to call
up the Ohio contested-election case.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois moves to postpone the further consideration
of the matter now before the House for one hour,
the first business in order will be the call of com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that reports were
in order from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. COBB. Do I understand the Speaker to
commence the call again at the head of the list?
   February S,
I think the Speaker was at a different place when
the committees were last called.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] will recollect that the last call
was on Friday. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Marshall] was proposing then to make a
report, because on that day lus committee had
special preference.
Mr. COBB. Then the Chair must commence
the call where it was last left off.
The SPEAKER. ' The Chair commences the
call now at the head of the list, the call having
been completed on the last occasion.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1859; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
HENRY S. CRABB.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, it was
Ordeted, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from tlie further consideration of the memorial
of fleniy S. Ciabb, of Philadelphia, piaying for lelief; and
that the same be reierred to the Committee of Claims.
BENJAMIN F. HALL.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee of Ways
afid Means, reported a bill for the relief of Ben-
jamin F. Hall; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
LEWIS FEUCHTWANGEH.
On motion of Mr. KELLY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
chaiged from the further consideration of the petition of
Doctor Lewis Feuehtwanger; and that it and the adverse
report thereon be laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
DEPOSITS IN UNITED STATES TREASURIES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, presented nn adverse report on House
bill No. 128, to authorize the deposits of gold and
silver bullion and gold dust in the treasuries there-
in named, and the issuance of certificates therefor
convenient for use and circulation; and asked that
the bill and report be laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
It was so ordered.
A. H. ABRAHAMS.
Mr. CRAWFORD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, presented an adverse report on
the petition of A. H. Abrahams, of Charleston,
South Carolina, for refunding duties illegally ex-
acted; which was laid on the table, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
BAUDOUIN AND ROBERTS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of A. Bau-
douin and A. D. Roberts; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES GORDON.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the same committee,
reported back the memorial of Charles Gordon;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
SURVEY CF THE COLUMBIA RIVER.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back House bill (No. 181)
to provide for a survey of the Columbia river in
the Territories of Washington and Oregon; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the petition of citizens of
the State of New York, praying for an increase
of duty on gold-leaf; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
PADUCAH.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made an adverse report on
House bill (No. 241) to provide for the establish-
ment of an inspection district at Paducah, in the
State of Kentucky; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
EDFAULA.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the same
