Tip CONGRESSIONAL G-^OSE.
June 3,
lions of the majority of the committee. I offer
my proposition as an amendment to his amend-
ment. I simply wish to say, in addition, that I
would be perfectly content to see the whole sub-
ject go to the table; but it seems to me that, if
this House is not satisfied 'to exclude both these
claimants, and disposed to take further action
on the subject, the wiser and better mode of de-
ciding the question as to who is entitled to the
seat.is, to refer the whole matter to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and let them inrjuire into the
facts, the number of the population, and the
necessity for organizing a territorial government
there.
Mr. KELSEY. Does the gentleman from In-
diana allow me to submit my motion r
Mr. HUGHES. I do.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move to lay the whole
subject on the table; and on that I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I think the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw his motion
when I tell him that the Delegate from Minne-
sota, who is more familiar with the matter than
either of us, desires to be heard.
Mr. KELSEY. I am under the directions of
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HUGHES. If the discussion is to go on,
I will desire to submit the remarks I intended to
submit.
Mr. KELSEY. Iam urged by gentlemen on
both sides to withdraw my motion, and to hold
on to it. I think the House is in possession of
everything neccssary to form its judgment, and
therefore that we should come to a vote.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I gave notice to the
House some time ago that no vote would be taken
to-night, and I doubt whether there is a quorum
in the Hall now.
Mr. KELSEY. I understood that that propo-
sition was objected to on this side of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hoard no dissent.
A great many members have left under the im-
pression that no vote will be taken to-night.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debata-
ble.
Mr. KELSEY. This matter can be passed
over informally till the morning. Let the motion
that I have made stand, and let us proceed with
other business.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am willing to
agree to that arrangement. If the Ilousc choose
to lay the whole subject on the table, it is a mat-
ter of no' consequence to me. 1 only object to
taking the vote in an empty House, when mem-
bers have left with the understanding that there
was no vote to be taken to-night.
Mr. CLEMENS. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw that motion, as many gentlemen
have left under the impression that no vote would
be taken to-night.
Mr. BURNET r. I ask the Chair if the mo-
tion cannot stand, and lot the subject go over till
to-morrow at twcl ve o 'clock ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The motion of the
gentleman from New York is in order at any time,
and it does not prejudge his motion, to wait till
to-morrow. If no other business can be done to-
night, and gentlemen wish to speak to-night on
this subject, it certainly interferes with no other
business in the woiiu.
Mr. ItUFFIN. If there are members enough
here to determine other important business, it
seems to me that there are enough to vote on this
question. I do not approve of this plan of doing
business with less than a quorum; and I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say that, on the
last vote to lay the resolutions in the Fort Snell-
mg case on the table, I had paired off with Mr.
Hawkins; otherwise I would have voted " no."
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Clark of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes £>2, noes 20.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five minutes after seven o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 3, 1858.
Prayer by Rs§v. J. G. Butler.
The J ournai of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tl\e House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
An act (No. 47) confirming locations of land
I warrants under certain circumstances;
An act (No. 262) for the relief of the heirs and
| legal representatives of Richard D. Rowland and
i others;
A resolution (No. 21) devolving upon the Sec-
retary of War the execution of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act supplemental to an act
therein mentioned,"approved December22,1854;
and
A resolution (No. 32) for the benefit of the
widow of Commander William Lewis Herndon,
United States Navy.
The m^sage further announced that the House
had passed tiie following bills; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 24G) for the relief of certain settlers
on the public lands in the State of Wisconsin; and
A bill (No. U31) granting an invalid pension to
John Holland, of Arkansas.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of Kansas, in Mis-
souri, on the subject of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean, by the valley of the Kansas river, or the
route of the thirty-ninth parallel of latitude; which
was referred to the selcct committee on the Pa-
cific railroad.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally lead twice by their titles,
and referred aj indicated below:
A bill (No. 246) for the relief of certain settlers
on'thc public lands in the State of Wisconsin—
to the Committee, on Public Lands.
A bill (No. G31) granting an invalid pension to
John Holland, of Arkansas—to the Committee
on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to whom was referred the bill (S, No.
409) making an appropriation for the completion
ofcomieoted sections of a road fiom Albuquerque,
in New Mexico, to the Colorado river, reported
it without amendment.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Legislature of
Kansas, piaying that an appropriation may be
made to build a perutentiaiy in that Territory,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Mayor and the
Council of the city of Omaha, Nebraska Territory,
praying to be reimbursed for money expended by
them upon the capitol building in that Territory,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
weio referred resolutions of the Legislature of
California, in favor of the appointment of a com-
missioner on the part of the United States to act
in con junction with a commissioner on the part of
California in ascertaining and determining the
boundary line between that State and the Terri-
tory of Utah, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial ofcitizensofthe county
of Pembina, in the Teintory of Dacotah, praying
for an early organization of the Territory, arid
for the establishment of the capital atSt. Joseph,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial from citizens of Medary,
in Dacotah, praying for the organization of ater-
| ritorial government, asked to be discharged from
! its further consideration; which was agreed to.
j He also, from the same committee, to whom
I was referred a memorial of citizens in Big Sioux
and Midway counties, in Dacotah, praying the
organization of a territorial government, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. Grimes and others,
citizens of Illinois, praying for protection for the
overland mail route to California, through Ari-
zona Territory, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of J. Knox Walker
and others, members of the Legislature of Ten-
nessee, praying for protection, for the overland
mail route to California, through Arizona Terri-
tory, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. P. Cook and
others, citizens of New York, praying for pro-
tection to the overland mail route to California,
through ArizonaTerritory,asked tobe discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from tfie same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of James M. Wright
and others, citizens of Illinois, praying for pro-
tection for the overland mail route to California,
through Arizona Territory, asked tobe discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 502) for the relief of S. W. and
A. A. Turner, reported it without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
399) to amend an act entitled " An act to extend
preemption rights to certain lands therein men-
tioned," approved March 3, 1853, reported it
without amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Hosea B. Horn and
others, praying for a grant of land on Green river,
in the Territory of Utah, for the purpose of mak-
ing a settlement, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wasreferredapetition ofcitizens ofTaylorcounty,
Iowa, praying the enactment of a law for the re-
lief of settleis from wrongs in consequence of the
closing of the land offices in that State to enable
the railroad companies to make their surveys and
selections, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Nicholson,
praying that the children of Marvel Nicholson,
deceased, be authorized to locate or assign a land
warrantgranted to her, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Richard H. Long,
praying permission to locate upon the reserves on
St. Andrew's bay, in Florida, certain preemption
claims, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
243) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th"June, 1859,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HALE, from xhe Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Robert Morris, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, the Secretary of the Navy
having jurisdiction to grant the redress prayed
for; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a report of the Secretary of War in relation
to the claims of Blocker & Gurley, and James
F. Davis, reported a bill (S. No. 425) for the re-
lief of R. F. Blocker, E. J. Gurley, and James
F. Davis; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in relation to the claim of
Russell Fitch, reported a bill (S. No. 426) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to issue a
land warrant to Russell Fitch, of Ohio; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
