1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
committee, reported back the petition of the town
council of Eufaula, in the State of Alabama, pray-
ing for an amendment of an act therein named;
which was laid on the table, and the report or-
dered to be printed.
settlers on lands in wisconsin.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of certain
settlers on the public lands in the State of Wis-
consin; which was read a first and secon4 time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
direction to the secretary of war.
On motion of Mr. HILL, the Committee on the
Public Lands were discharged from the further
consideration of House joint resolution, No. 6,
directory to the Secretary of War, for a survey
of the east bank of the Mississippi river, &c.; the
bill was laid on the table, and the report ordered
to be printed.
a. bingham.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report
on the memorial of A. Bingham, asking the pro-
hibition of the transportation of the United States
mails on the Sabbath; which was laid on the table,
the report ordered to be printed, and the commit-
tee discharged from the further consideration
thereof.
mr. hillburn.
Mr. DAVIS, of'Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, made an
adverse report in the case of Mr. Hillburn; which
was laid on the table, the report ordered to be
printed, and the committee discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
alexander hayes.
Mr. CRA.TG, of Missouri, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of Alexander Hayes;
which was laid on the table, the report ordered
to be printed, and the committee discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
deaf, dumb, and blind institution.
Mr. DEAN, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Columbia
Institution for the instruction of the Deaf, Dumb,
and Blind," approved February 16,1857; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
washington elections.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill regulating mu-
nicipal elections in the city of Washington; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
jesse w. page, jr.
Mr. REA6Y , from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back House bill (No. 43) for the
relief of Jesse W. Page, jr., of the State of Ten-
nessee; which was kid on the table, and the re-
port ordered to be printed.
-changing names of vessels.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back to the House
the memorial of certain underwriters and mer-
chants of the city of Philadelphia, asking the
repeal of the law of 1856 authorizing the owners
of vessels to change their names, and to ask that
the committee may be discharged from its further
consideration. There is a bill, as I understand,
now upon your table, reported by the Committee
on Commerce, having that object in view.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that,
by unanimous consent, that bill will be taken up
and passed, after we shall get through the order
we are now proceeding upon.
The committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial, and the same laid
upon the table.
john g. camp.
Mr. HOUSTON also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition of
the legal representatives of John G. Camp; which
was laid upon the table, and the report ordered to
be printed.
nancy d. holker.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Nancy
D. Holker; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to a Committee of the Whole;
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
michael shaver.
_ Mr. CURRY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, asked that the committee be dis-
charged from thefurther consideration of the peti-
tions in the case of Michael Shaver, and thatthey
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
It was so ordered.
nathaniel riddick.
Mr. CURRY also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of Nathaniel
Riddick, administrator of Richard Taylor; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
john k. temple.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back Senate bill (No,
38) for the relief of John K. Temple, of Louis-
iana; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and the bill and report ordered to
be printed. ^
pierre gignon.
Mr. SANDIDGE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported u bill for the lelief of Pierre Gignon,
of Natchitoches, Louisiana; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and the bill and report ordered
to be printed.
john huertas.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims to report a
bill to authorize the claimants in the right of John
Huertas to enter certain lands in Florida. As I
have not troubled the House, I will take the lib-
erty of saying, that this being a case of great
hardship, where the rights of the parties have
been adjudicated by the Supreme Court of the
United States, and where the rights of the parties
will be jeopardized unless relief is soon granted,
I desire that the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate, and I move
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and the bill and report be printed.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I hope the report will be
read, and then I think the bill will be passed with-
out objection.
Mr. RITCHIE objected.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I withdraw the motion, if
there is objection to it.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
CARONDELET.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 133)
for the relief of the city of Carondelet; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and j
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. BISHOP, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, reported back the following memorials,
and moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
they be laid upon the table:
The memorial of citizens of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, asking for the passage of a law to punish
factors and consignees /or the misapplication of
funds; and
The memorial of citizens of Virginia, asking the
passage of a law making penal the counterfeiting
of brands for the manufacture of tobacco.
Also, the proceedings of tobacco manufacturers
held in the city of Richmond, on the 3d of Decem-
ber, 1857- _ ,
The motion was agreed to.
indian affairs in oregon, etc.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to this House all correspondence and
documents, if not incompatible with the public interest,
relating to Indian affairs Oregon and Washington Term-
tones, received by tiie Department of the 'Interior sipc#
March 4,1857, not already transmitted; and also all paW®
and correspondence relative to the official conduct of Anson
Dodd,late superintendent of Indian affairs m Oregon*Ter-
ritory} not heretofore transmitted.
heirs of mary jamison.
Mr. BURROUGHS, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirsof Mary Jamison, deceased; which wasre§4
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House,, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
white ma-rsh B. seabrgok and others.
Mr. GlUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back House bijl (No. £1)
to amend an act for the relief of Wbitemarsh B.
Seabrook and others.
Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to ask the immedi-
ate consideration of that bill. I have hut a few
words of explanation to make. At the last ses-
sion of Congress a bill was passed authorizing
payments to be made to Whitemarsh B Seabrook
and certain others for some expenses which they
had incurred in the last war. That bill directed
that these payments should be made to the h.eirs
of the parties, and this bill only proposes to amend
that bill by changing the word s<h 'irs"to "exec-
utors and administrators." The House will s$e
that this is necessary in order to preserve the
rights of creditors as well as to distribute the,fwn4s
in the proper channels. I hope the bill will be
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
heirs of john j. bulon, jr.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of John J. Bulon, jr., deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House; and, with .the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
james b- wood.
On motion of Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further eonsidnralion of the petition of
James B. Wood praving to be paid for mules and oxen cap-
tured from him in New Mexico by Indians, and that the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
william hutchinson.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
William Hutchinson; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House; and, with the accompanying report, Or-
dered to be printed.
thomas phenix, jr.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Phenix,
jr., late a paymaster's clerk in the service of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House; and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
bayley's battalion.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of officers and soldiers of Major Bayley's bat-
talion for service in the Black Hawk war; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
retired naval officers.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate resolution (No. 3) to ex-
tend and define the authority of the President
under the act approved January 16,1857, entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy in respect to the
dropped and retired naval officers;"''which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to enter amotion to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that the House may-
have control of the resolution hereafter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table. I object to giving this
