1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
far, how many amendments we have had to the
first section. I think that anybody who has lis-
tened to the debates in the Senate must have be-
come satisfied that it is impossible to procure a
majority of this body to agree upon any one
scheme at the present time. The bill now before
you, sir, proposes, as the labor of this special
committee, to limit the point at which the termi-
nus of this road is to be established,on the east-
ern side, to the Missouri river, between the mouths
of the Rig Sioux and the Kansas rivers. The
committee have, therefore, so far as lies in their
power, selected a route for this road. I do not say
they have done so in entire disregard of the sur-
veys which have been made, or in entire disre-
gard of the cost and length of such a road; but it
is obvious that it cannot be expected that gentle-
men here from the South can join in the passage
of a bill which deprives them of the benefit of this
great enterprise. If this bill is to be passed on the
ground that the General Government has the
right to give assistance to any communication of
this kind with a view to facilitate military oper-
ations,let the bill be put upon the basis of a mil-
itary road, and then the object being solely to
provide a speedy and safe communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific, let that communi-
cation be put upon such line as the contractors
will agree to build it-on for the least money, and
in the shortest time; but let us not, under the pre-
text of exercising the war power of the Govern-
ment, provide a commercial road.
Again, sir, let us not, under the pretext of pro-
viding for the transportation of the mail or mili-
tary stores, build a railroad in States of the Union.
If the road is to be built by the Government, let
the bill state what it is; let it not evade or shirk
the question; let it profess to be a bill for build-
ing a railroad to the Pacific ocean at the cost of
the General Government, and let the people un-
derstand for what their money is voted.
I throw out these general considerations, not
having any desire to enter into a special discus-
sion of the bill, because it must be obvious to all
that we cannot agree upon any bill for this pur-
pose now, that we are wasting our time, that we
nave had the matter under consideration for weeks,
and have not made one step of progress in it,
and we shall make none. In the present condi-
tion of the public Treasury, with a loan already
authorized, at the present session, of §20,000,000, .
with another loan of thirty or forty million dol- '
lars staring us in the face; with deficiency bills
of six or eight millions coming in upon us almost
every day, I was going to say, but I do not wish
to exaggerate; with a war that is called the Utah
war upon our hands; with fresh regiments of vol-
unteers raised; with other expenses which we can
all anticipate within the course of the present,
year; with a diminished importation, with no re- i
sources for the Treasury but those duties which :
are falling off in amount every day, does anybody j
believe that the Congress of the United States is ]
going, at the present session, to inaugurate an J
enterprise that at its very outset is to involve an ;
expenditure of $25,000,000? That is what the!
bill proposes. We ail know that it will be four- ;
fold that amount. Gentlemen do not anticipate
the passage of this bill. I cannot do so much in - :
justice to their statesmanship, their sagacity, as ;
to believe that they for a moment expect any such
bill as this tj^pass. We are wasting our time, ;
sir; we have but six weeks of the session left;1
and in order to bring this matter to the test, I now !
make a motion, which I hope will be considered a ;
test motion, that the further consideration of this J
bill be postponed until December next; and on i
that motion I ask foi the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I am not disposed <
to answer the Senator from Louisiana. He states j
with great positiveness that there is not a mem- j
ber of this body who thinks we are going to pass i
this bill. Why, sir, he is very much mistaken i
in regard to a great many members. He also I
brings up the bankrupt condition of the Treas-!
ury, and says we are going to pass a bill to take |
$25,000,000 out of the nationdlTreasury, I leave !
it to the Senate to say whether he makes a cor- j
red statement of the bill. It is well known that j
if the bill passes in its present form, it will be at i
least one, and probably two years, before a dollar ]
of the bonds provided for will be issued. Then j
it is not drawing money out of the Treasury, but'
it is simply creating an evidence of debt to be re-
paid by service, and as fast as the bonds are is-
sued the transportation provided for in the bill
will repay the Government the interest which they
will have to pay on these bonds. They do not
contract one dollar of debt.
But, Mr. President, this is a broad proposition
of the Senator. I shall take this vote as a test
vote. If the motion prevails, I shall understand
that this Congress does not intend to pass any
kind of a bill to connect the Atlantic with the Pa-
cific by a railroad for military or other purposes.
I shall take this ag an indication that, notwith-
standing the evidences of public sentiment we
have had from all sections of the country, not-
withstanding the evidence we had of public sen-
timent in the great contest of 1856, when all par-
ties were in favor of this measure, they have
forgotten their pledges and their duties to their
constituents, and intend to defeat this or any other
bill of a similar kind.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, for I really do not rise to
debate this question now, whether inasmuch as
this motion is offered by the Senator from Lou-
isiana as a test motion, he would not consider it
better to postpone the bill until Monday when
the Senate will be full.
Mr. GWIN. I think it can be voted down
easily now. I hope so. I believe that the Senate
is as full as usual.
Mr. STUART.- Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suppose it
will be in order after this vote is taken, if it is de-
termined not to postpone the bill, to offer amend-
ments in regard to the termini and route of the
proposed road. ("Oh,yes."] But the proposi-
tion now before us is to postpone the bill. I am
sure, sir, that during the whole consideration of
this subject the South has observed a course of
as much forbearance as the representatives of any
people could possibly have observed where they
have interests so deeply involved and where evi-
dently there are so many features of the subject-
matter itself decidedly in their favor and on which
they must feel so warmly. But is it not apparent
that in the consideration of the project now be-
fore us, there has been no other object than to
give a sectional direction ; I believe so; it seems
so to me; and with all the advantages of climate,
of graduation, of favorable route from this side
to the Pacific, superior to any other in cheapness
and shortness, the interests of the South are evi-
dently to be disregarded. Such being the case, I
shall vote to postpone this bill. That is one con-
sideration influencing me to favor the postpone-
ment.
Another consideration is my belief that within
the few weeks of the session now remaining, no
determination of this matter can be had. My own
State is deeply interested in it. I have sat patiently
here and waited to see whether the advantages of
two of the southern routes would be considered,
or any weight given to them whatever. I have
seen no evidence of anything of the kind. Mis-
souri seems to be the only party that approaches
to a southern State at all, that is making any con-
test. I do not see that Texas has said anything
as yet, or taken any ground, or that Louisiana
has much interest herself in the matter; 1 know
that my own State has not; and it seems to me
that, in despite of snows and of mountains of al-
most insurmountable obstacles, the intention and
will seem to be to drive a road across a northern
route at any expense to the national Treasury to
which we contribute equally, and yet we are to
be excluded from any fair opportunity to partici-
pate in it. We cease almost to be considered as
a partof this Union. We cease almost to be Con-
sidered as parties having rights. Nature itself
declares inour favor, but her voice is flisregarded.
The explorations that have been made and pub-
lished show the advantages of the southern routes
in such a light that I think they are the only routes
on which capitalists can be induced to embark
their means in the construction of a road; but still
they cannot be considered.
Ihis Government was made for the common
protection of all parts of this Union. Npw, how-
ever, a road cannot be started unless it is to ben-
efit one section to the injury of another. It takes
that coloring. I lmve not pressed the rights or
claims of my own State to any consideration in
this matter; and up to this hour, I have not said a
solitary word in regard to the subject; but I know
that there are two routes, one on the thirty-fifth
parallel, and the El Paso route, that materially
affect the interests of my own people; and these
two routes, I am well aware, are by far the cheap-
est that can be taken by the Government of the
United States: If we confine ourselves to the con-
struction of a road beyond the limits of State ju-
risdiction, there are not fiwe hundred miles to be +
constructedon the El Paso route, and there are no
very serious natural obstacles in the way, There
does not seem to bean inclination in the northern
side of the House to consider it at all. Then, if
you are not willing to go to that point, there is the
route on the thirty-fifth parallel. That, too, is
scarcely considered. I never hear a gentleman
fromthe northern section of the Union make any -
' allusion to it at all. On the contrary, they talk to
us of the route through what is called the South
Pass; and I believe it is the best of all the north-
ern routes, from what examination I have been
able to make; but it will carry us to the Columbia
river and the Territory of Oregon, and will not
reach California except by a deflection of many
hundred miles.
The differences are so wide and so great, and
the spirit of sectionalism is so strong, that I can
have no hope that, in the short period now re-
maining of this session of Congress, it will be
possible for us to determine the subject; and there-
fore, I shall certainly, under the circumstances,
feel bound to cast my vote for postponing indefi-
nitely the consideration of this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was my intention, Mr.
President, at some period of this debate, to intro-
duce amendments, and to offer some remarks upon
them; but, believing as I do, from the character
of the business before the Senate, and the limited
duration of the session, that, in all probability,
the bill will be postponed, I think fit here to give
notice of a proposition which I intended to intro-
duce in the nature of an amendment. It is in re-
lation to the eastern terminus of the road, con-
necting the Mississippi with San Diego and San
Francisco. It is " that the eastern terminus shall
be opposite Memphis, in Arkansas, or the mouth
of the Red river, in Louisiana. This terminus
would give to the whole community benefits which
can flow from no other location. It communicates
directly with the Mississippi at a point where it
is navigable at all times. The points indicated by
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri, as
well as the other amendments, are subject to ob-
struction in navigation. At the points designated
by me, navigation can at no time be interfered
with. The distances are less; the results are
greater than can be derived from any of the other
routes.
Gentleman say it is the duty of patriotism to
open this communication by the most direct and
immediate means, and they appeal to us for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of this road.
If that is really the object, we ought to disregard
localities, we ought to disregard sections, we
ought to lay our hands to the work in good earn-
est, and for the purpose of accomplishing a na-
tional object—an object that will redound benefi-
cially not only to California, but to the States of
the Atlantic. This can only be done by taking
that route which is the most facile, and at the
same time most convenient, where the appliances
necessary to the accomplishment of the object can
be most immediately commanded. That is the
route by El Paso, the terminus of which I have
indicated. Neither of the points I have suggested "
as the eastern terminus directly affects the State
in which I am.' Neither of them is within the
limits of the State of which I am a citizen.
But, sir, whpn you strike the Mississippi at the
points I have suggested, the whole Atlantic ocean
is open to you. You communicate with the
southern roads to Charleston, and other ports,
so that the whole South is accommodated. You
also have direct communication with Cairo, at
the junction of the Ohio and the Mississippi.
In the winter season, when the navigation be-
yond the mouth of the Ohio, up the Mississippi
and Ohio is obstructed, railroad facilities begin
at that point, so that the North is not excluded.
If, however, you begin at any point on the Mis-
sissippi river above St. Louis, or above the junc-
tion of the Mississippi and the Ohio, you com-
plctely lock up this commerce to the South; they
have no intercourse with that section of the couri-
