604
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•35th Cong... 1st Sess.
Appropriations, New Offices, SfC.
fioin t!nj thud Waich. eighteen hundred and
furv -even. to ihe thirtieth June, eighteen hun
.ii-diui'l fifty <-ight $3,991 68
Km compensation of one clerk in the Indian
udice, cmplov. <1 loanable the Secretary of the
lutenor f(  carry out the regulations prescribed
to give effect to the seventh section of the act
oftlurd March,eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
granting bounty land to Indians  1,400 00
Foi compensation ot two extra clerks, employed
to carry out the treaty with the Chiekasawsin
the adjustment of their claims  2,800 00
For defraying the expenses of the seveial expe-
dition^ aaauirt Ink pa-du-tnh's band, and in
search, lan-om. and recovery of the female
captive.*, taken by -atd band in eighteen hun-
dred and fiitv Miven .    20.000 00
$33i ,5' >5 00
By the act to authorize a loan not exceeding the
sum of twenty million dollars.
To defiav the expend ot engraving and printing certificates
of t-uch stoek aud oilier expenses incident to the execu
turn of this act  .$5,000 0 >
By the act making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United Slates mail by ocean
steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine.
For uan<portation of the mails from New York to Liver-
pool, and back  $346,500 U0
For transportation of the mails from New York
to New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Ha-
vana, and Cbagres, and back 261,000 00
For transposition of the mads from Panama to
California and Oregon, and back  328,350 00
For uanspoitation of the mails between San
Fiancisco, California, and 01) mpla, Washing
ton Territory 122.500 00
For transportation of the mails on Puget Sound, 22,400 00
For transportation of the mails from New York,
by Southampton or Cowes, to Havre   230,000 00
For transportation of the mails between Charles-
ton and Havana  50,000 00
For transportation of the mails across the Kth-
mut of Panama   100,000 00
To enable the Postmaster General to cause the
mails to be transported between the United
States and any foreign port or ports, by steam
ship, allowing and paying therefor, if by an
American vessel, the sea and United States
inland postage, and if by a foreign vessel, the
sea postage only, on the matUsoconveyed..[Indefinite.]
$1,460,730 00
By the act making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department dunns; the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
prod and fifty-nine.
For transposition ofrti'i mail?, (inland) .^10,140,590 00
For compensation to posimasteis  ,.,..2,323,000 00
For ship, steamboat, and way letters  20.000 00
For wiappmg paper  55,000 00
For office fimutuie m the poat offices*  3.000 00
For advertising  85 000 O0
For mail bags  05,000 (JO
For blanks, and paper for the same 125,000 00
For mail lock-, kov-. and stamps  13.000 00
For mail depredation*, and special agents  '.0,000 00
For clerks in the offices of postmasters 850.000 00
For postage sumps and stumped envelopes 100,000 00
For mis-collaneou* items 180,000 00
To supply deficiencies in the icvenue of the Post
Office Dep.u rmeiit lor the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen bundled and filty-nuic. 0.500,000 00
$17,535,520 00
By the joint resolution making an appropriation
for the payment of expenses of investigating
committees of the House of Representatives,
^or the pavment of expenses of the seveial investigating
committees of the House of Representatives during the
ptesent se-sion. and that the same <.hall be added to
the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of ^airl
House $35,000 00
By the resolution to authorize the Secretary of
the Tu'dsury to audit and settle the accounts
of the contractor for the croction of the United
States marine hospital at Sa.il Francisco, Cali-
fornia.
To settle and adju-t the accounts of the conttactor for the
erection of the United States maime hospital at San
Fianci-co. California, and to p.iv to said contractoi the
amount that may lie found to be jn-tly due to him under
the contracts made beiwuen said eontiactor and the
proper officei- of the Government in icteience to said
building [indefinite.]
8y the jnmt resolution for paying the compensa-
tion of stenographers employed by committees
of the House of Representatives.
Tli'' (.'"innetjsfiuon of stenographers employed by the com-
niiiti'"-1>1 the limb" of Uepio-entauvosjAisaudited under
the diieclioa oi said House [Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution making appropriations to
pay the expenses of the several investigating
committees of the House of Representatives.
For the payment of expenses of the several investigating
committees, and of the Judiciary Committee of the House
of Representatives, and that the same shall be added to
the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund of said
House $32,000 00
By the act for the relief of John Hamilton.
In full compensation for his time and services, &c., during
his> imprisonment with the Indians in the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve with Great Britain [Indefinite.]
By the-act for the relief of Dr. Charles D. Max-
well, a surgeon in the United States Navy.
The difference of pay between that of a passed assistant
surgeon and a surgeon, from the twenty second day of
December, eighteen bundled and forty-five, to the sev-
enth day of July, eighteen hundied and forty-eight, hem?
the period during which he performed the duties of a sur-
geon and assistant surgeon on board the United States
ship Cyane [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of the owners of the
bark Attica, of Portland, Maine.
For the amount imposed on said vessel as tonnage duty by
the collector oi New York, in the year of our Lord eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five §174 62
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Alexander j
Stevenson. j
The amount of money due to said Stevenson from the time
of his enlistment. January one, seventeen hundied and !
seventy six, until the time of his discharge m seventeen j
hundred arid eighty-three .$054 00 ,
By the act for the relief of Duncan Robertson.
For moneys paid by him to the navy-ymd atGospoit, it
being the amount expended for repairs of the Norwegian
bark Ellen, for damages encountered by said bark in aid-
ing and rescuing the passengers of the steamer Central
America   $749 00
By the act for the relief of Captain James Mac
Mcintosh, of the United States Navy.
The difference between the sum paid to him at the Treas-
ury as commander " on other dutv" and that which was
due to him as e-uch officer (S attached to a vessel foi t,ea
service," and being in full for hts services as an officer
of the West India squadron from the fouiteenth day of
August, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, to the third
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight.. .$204 95
By the act for the relief of Elijah P. Smith, Gil-
man H. Perkins, and Charles P. Smith.
To refund to Elijah F. Smith, Oilman 1-1. Perkins, and
Chailes F. Smith, or the suivivors of them, composing
the firm of Smith, Perkins, and Company, of Rochester,
New Yotk, the amount paid by them to the United States
on one debenture bond, executed by John B. Glover and
Compaii), dated Apul second, eighteen hundred aud
fifty-seven, as penalty nvei and above the regulai duties
on the meichandise therein mentioned  $837 00
By the act for the relief of George A. O'Brien.
For his seivices as clerk in the office of the Second Au-
ditoi from the fifth of July, eighteen hundied and forty-
five, to the third day of Maich, eighteen hundred and
loity-six $'549 33
By the act for the relief of the heirs of John B.
Hand.
To pay to the heirs of John 13. Hand   $1,340 00
By the act for the relief of Rufus Dwinel.
For interest at the rate of six per centum pei annum, on
the «mn of ihn teen thousand and thirty-seven doilais and
seventy-two ccnts, from the fourth day of Maich, eigh- !
teen hundred and thirty-seven, when tlie latter sum was
due fiom the United States to said Dwmel's assignor, to i
Maich eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, when ]
an appropriation wa  made for its payment.. .$31,748 03 \
By the act for the relief of Jonas P. Keller. \
For Ins services as a watchman or oveiseer of the ex- '
ecutive building at the corner of F and Seventeenth !
streets, from the first of April, eighteen hundred and forty- !
nine, to the thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and 1
fifty   S7O0 00 i
By the act for the relief of Susanna T. Lea, widow !
j and administratrix of James Maglenen, late of !
the city of Baltimore, deceased. I
For the value of a horse and equipments, belonging to tlie
said James Maglenen, the «.anie having been impressed 1
in September, eighteen hundred and fouueen. for the !
puipo^eot sending an express to North Point, and the ;
said horse arid equipments having been lost in said scr- i
vice *   00 I
By the act for the relief of J. Wilcox Jenkins.
For the difference between the pay of captain's clerk and a
purser of a first-etass sloop-of-vvar fioin the fir<i d: v of
Januaiy to the thirtieth oi Apul, eighteen bundled and
fifty-si\, during which time he was the aetmg purser of
the sloop-of-war Germantown [h><|..finite ]
By the act for the relief of William B. Trotter.
For all demands of the said William B. Trotter growing out
of the emigration and subsistence of Choctaw Indians
in the State of Mississippi, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, under a contract with the United
States  $1.680 00
By the act for the relief of the heirs or legal rep-
resentatives of Richard D. Rowland, deceased,
and others.
To pay to the heirs, executors, administrators, or legal rep-
resentatives of Richard D. Rowland, deceased, late of
Alabama, three thousand two hundred dollars, and to the
heirs, executors, administrators, or legal representatives
of whomsoever possesses whatever title the United States
gave to Cureton, Smith, and Heifner, to the southeast
quarter of section two, township fourteen, range eight
east, of the lands selected in Alabama, and sold under
treaty of March twenty-four, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, with the Creek Indians, for the benefit of the orphans
of the tribe, two thousand two hundred and sixty dollars,
with interest at the rate of five and a half per cent, per
annum, upon both aforesaid sums, from Novembei first,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six   [Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Samuel W. Turner
and Alvin A. Turner.
For their services in transporting the United States mail on
their steamers from Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Mich-
gan, to Mackinaw, Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper
Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon. Mich-
igan, and La Pointe, Bayfield, and Superior Citv, in the
State of Wisconsin.,  .$-23,825 00
By the act for the relief of D. O. Dickinson.
For services rendered by said Dickinson in connection with
keeping alight in Waukegan tiarbor, Illinois....$105 75
By the act for the relief of Thomas Phenix, jr.
To pay Thomas Phenix, jr., during the time ho was acting
as paymaster's clerk in the emplojment of D. Randall,
deputy paymaster general, the sum of three dollars a
day; but fiom this compensation is to be deducted the
salaiyof five hundred dollars perannum,already leceived
by him [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Lewis W. Broad well.
For transporting the United States mails, in steamboats,
from Vicksburg, Mississippi, to Grand Lake. Arkansas,
fiom the fourth day of Septembei, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, to the seventeenth day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, at the rate of five hundred dollars
per annum   $12,938 00
By the act for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee
and Isaac N. Eastham, of Louisville, Ken-
tucky.
For tianspoiting extra mail matter over routes number three
thousand nine hundred and sixty, and number four thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-nine, between the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and forty-six. and the thntieth
day of Juno, eighteen hundred and fifty $6,000 00
By the act for the relief of Benjamin Wakefield.
Foi the difference of pay between that of master's mate
and boatswain, fiom the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, to the nineteenth day of Jan-
uaiy, eighteen hundred and fifty [Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Susannah Redman,
widow of Lloyd Redman.
Foi the amount adjudged as due to said Lloyd Redman for
three hoises lost by him while in the service of the United
States during the Mexican war $170 00
By the act for the relief of Simeon Stedman.
To pay to Simeon Stedmari. who served in Captain Chris-
topher Ripley's company of the thirty-seventh infantry
dining the war with Great Britain in eighteen hundred
and twelve, such sum or sums as may have accrued to
him fiom the time of liu- last lecemng payment for ser-
vices till the end of the war [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey.
For printing the " Kearny Code " of laws for New Mexico
in eighteen hundred and forty-six $1,555 00
By the act for the relief of George W. Eiscoe.
For indemnification under the first article of the treaty
of Ghent for the loss of the schooner Speedwell, cap-
tured in the Patuvent river by the Bntish naval forces on
the twenty-second of August, eighteen hundred and four-
teen, and which wa* m the waters and within the terri-
torial jun-diction ofthc United States on the seventeenth
day of February, eighteen hundred and fifteen, the day of
the exchange of the ratifications ot the said treaty of Ghent
and was cained away out of the said waters and territo-
rial jmivdiction of the United States, in violation of the
said first auicle of the said treaty   $-2,000 00
