1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
try by any direct means, whereas that section
would have all the advantages that could result
to an ice-locked country, as it is at seasons.
I insist strenuously on the superior-advantages
of the southern route. It passes through fertile
regions, where the soil is rich, the facilities for
the work great, timber sufficient, until you reach
the El Paso; and on this route emigration will
keep pace with, and ev$n anticipate the progress
of the road, so soon as the line is marked out.
Then you will have way travel; you will have all
the conveniences necessary for the construction
of the road. The supplies necessary for the sub-
sistence of the hands engaged in it will all be sup-
plied on this route. Not only that; but it is well
ascertained that after leaving El Paso, by a short
divergence through Arizona to San Diego, you
can very soon have all necessary supplies, for
emigration will soon produce them. Agriculture
is prosperous in some sections through which
that route would pass.
But, if you make the road through a sterile,
wilderness region far north, yon wili never return
to the Treasury the $25,000,000 proposed to be
expended; and I should like to know from the
Senator from California if it would not be taking
$25,000,000 from the Treasury, without tlu: pros-
pect of being reimbursed for ages? He says it
is to be returned by the conveyance of the mails.
How long will it take to construct a railway for
the conveyance of the mails to California—a
length of some nineteen hundred miles,! believe,
on the northern routes? When you complete one
hundred miles,are you to take the mail there, and
leave it to-be carried as best it may the residue of
the distance, through the mountains, impassable
for conveyance,and where it will take months to
accomplish it? What would be the use of send-
ing a mail there, when, by the isthmus transit-
route, it would reach California much more read-
ily? You are to use the cais to transpoit the mail
to an impassable wilderness, and there you arc
to leave it, and you are to pay $*350 a mile for that.
You are to take it from the settlements of Mis-
souri into the wilderness, and there it must stop,
until you have accomplished the largest portion
of the road, where the mail cannot be transported
in the same time it now is from San Antonio, m
Texas, to San Diego, in California, in coaches.
Twenty-one days now is all the time that is re-
quired for the accomplishment of that trip. There
is demonstration conclusive that nature has estab-
lished conveniences on that route; so that, with
comparatively little aid from this Government, if
you really desire on this great occasion to accom-
plish all that is necessary and desirable in con-
necting the Atlantic with the Pacific possessions
of the United States, it can be accomplished.
Mr. President, [ contend that the construction of
a railway to the Pacific is agreatnational measure,
and 1 will advocate it strenuously. Whenever
yon divest, it of all appearance of sectionalism,
and of selfishness, and make it putely a national
measure, 1 will go heart and hand for it. 1 will
submit to h'-aviur taxation for it than for any im-
aginable purpose that I can conceive of. Put 1
am not going to foster it, as a measure either for
sectional or speculative purposes. I must have
it as a great national measure. 1 believe we have
the constitutional power to do it. I will only ask
my honorable friend from Vn^inia, [Mr. Mason,]
who doubts the constitutional power to construct
a road of this character, by what constitutional
authority have wc gained possession of Cahfoi-
nia? Is the acquisition of terntory incidental to
a government ? If it is, it is incidental to a gov-
ernment that it shall have power to preserve and
defend that territory. When he answers my ques-
tion 1 shall be prepared to answer his. Jt is a
measuie that we must look in the face. It is one
of vital importance, and we must all lay our hands
to it as a great and mighty work of national in-
terest and concernment, divested of eve* ything
sectional or local in its character. If its accom-
plishment is to be secured, it must be done with
united hands and uuiied hearts, with leference
alone to ^he public good and its accomplishment
on the mo^t reasonable terms that the national re-
source a will justify.
Mr. BRODERICK. v4t may be that I may not
have anothei opportunity to say anything on the
bill, if J do not take the present occasion. I am
not surprised at the motion made by the Senator
from Louisiana, because it has been evident to me
ever since this bill came up for consideration in
the Senate, that a large majority of the Senators
representing the southern States were entirely op-
posed to the bill introduced by my colleague. But
I' would inform the Senator from Louisiana, and
the other southern Senators upon this floor, that
the vote of California was given to Mr. Buchanan
on this question. If it had not been for a letter
sent by him to the chairman of the Democratic
central committee of California, about three weeks
previous to the election, I believe that Mr. Pill-
more would have carried the State, instead of Mr.
Buchanan. Now, sir, the people of California
have been humbugged; for in the President's first
message we found out that he favored the extreme
southern route; and you might as well undertake
to build a railroad to the moon, for the fact is
that it will cost more to construct a road from
where that route strikes California to San Fran-
cisco, than it would cost twice over to connect
Texas with California. Therefore the road of
which the Senator from Texas speaks would be
of no earthly use to California.
Mr. HOUSTON. Texas is constructing eight
hundred miles of the road; and from San Diego to
Fulton, on the Red river, is only one thousand
six hundred and eighteen miles.
Mr. BRODERICK. Yes, sir; but it is over a
barren territory where no one lives.
, Mr. HOUSTON. It is the most fertile coun-
try on the face of the earth.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, if it is fertile,
no one has been able to discover it; for I believe
there are very few people residing in that part of
the territory. I hope that the vote will be taken
to-day. If there is a majority of the Senate in
favor of the bill introduced by my colleague, let
it be ascertained. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate further on this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not want to occupy the
time of the Senate either. It is lathei accidental
that 1 made any remaiks, supposing that another
occasion would bo offered when my remarks would
be more germane, and I should have been belter
prepared for a clear exposition of the subject. But,
sii,the gentleman calls a region of country which
I say is one of the most fertile and desirable, a
desert waste. For eight hundred miles in Texas,
this route from Fulton, on the Red river, to the
Ilio Grande, runs through a beautiful country.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator will allow me
to explain. I did not speak of Texas; I know
nothing about the soil of Texas; I spoke of the
territory between Texas and California.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have never been in that
country, and if it is as barren as reported, I can-
not say that I would fancy to be there; but very
often these matters are exaggerated. It happens,
however, that other people get there. It was once
a beautifully cultivated and inhabited country; so
desirable was it, and so poorly was protection fur-
nished to the inhabitants by the Mexican Gov-
ernment, that the possessors of it, a harmless,
agricultural, and pastoral people, were expelled
by the hostile bands of Indians after the Mexican
revolution began in 1812. Large ranches, the
ruins of splendid churches, are all there to bear
testimony to the very desirable character of that
country, inhabitants are now fallmgiuto portions
of it, conveitmg it again into a useful and culti-
vated region. So soon as it is opened to the in-
habitants of the United States, so enterprising in
their character, we may expect to see it resume
its former activity, its former wealth and abund-
ance.
It has been demonstrated that it is necessary to
have way iravel to support a railroad; and I say
this is the only section of the Union through
which you can construct a Pacific railroad where
you ever will have way passengers to sustain the
line. It is Tolly to talk of having way travel on
a route through mountainous regions where t^e
Indian walks with trepidation for fear of starving
for want of game. This is a beautiful legion, and
by making a shuit ciicuit you will always be
within cultivable land; and though you may, by
going in a direct line, have a sandy desert to pass
for some distance, people traverse that desert; and
the appliances that would be made of genius, of
art, and of enterprise, would soon overcome an
obstacle of that kind, and make a communication
direct with California.
Sir, is it an impassable region ? Could the mail
be transported in twenty-one days from San An-
tonio to San Diego, in California, if it were ? There
is a practicable refutation to the slanders upon the
southern route. It is the only one that nature has
stamped with feasibility, or that we can ascertain
to be practicable, There is an affirmation that
none can deny. It takes twenty-one days fiom
San Antonio, in Texas, which is ninety miles
from our sea-board on the Gulf of Mexico. From
San Antonio it traverses that region with animals
and transports the mail and passengers in twenty-
one days, obtainingall the necessary conveniences
for effecting an enterprise of the kind. Where
have you such a demonstration in favor of any
other route? There is none other feasible, there
is none other practicable, and you may talk about
it as much as you please, whenever California is
connected with the Atlantic States, the El Paso
route is the one by which it will be done.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very glad, sir, that
the distinguished Senator from Texas has made
his last Speech, because I am now satisfied that
he will vote for the bill of my colleague. There
is nothing in the bill to prevent the route of which
he speaks from being selected, if it is the best, if
it is the shortest, and if on it a road can be built
for less money than on any other route. If that
be so, and the contractors are willing to construct
it on the thirty-second parallel of latitude, that
route will be chosen. But, sir, no man on this
floor who knows anything about the State of Cal-
ifornia will say that such a road would be of any
benefit to her. It touches the extreme southern
end of the State, and three fourths of the popula-
tion of California reside north of San Francisco.
I believe the distance would be eight or nine hun-
dred miles from where it would strike California
to San Francisco. My objection to that route is
that my State would derive no benefit from it-.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not know that San
Francisco was California before. I admit that it
is a great city, a great place, and that there are
clever people there; but I did not know itwas the
State. I thought the policy was to form a con-
nection between the Atlantic and the Pacific by
which California would be benefited. San Diego
is very near California. I thought it was a part
of California.
Mr. BRODERICK. There are not one hun-
dred and fifty inhabitants in the town.
Mr. HOUSTON. No matter. It opens com-
munication. If the gold of California, and the en-
terprise of its citizens, with their numerous pop-
ulation, will not justify their making railroads, it
is not our fault, if we give them an opportunity
by making a trunk line, to run branches all over
the State. There is no impediment interposed to
their enterprise by this course; and it is a course
that ought to be taken without reference to towns,
cities, or anything else. All we have to watch is
the hills, streams, and deserts. We have to avoid
them, but not the towns.
Mr. 1YERSON. I have been, and X am yet,
willing to provide for the construction of a road
from the Atlantic States to the Pacific ocean, and
to bring to that great enterprise the aid of the Gov-
ernment, as far as is proper, and within the limits
of the Constitution and its pecuniary ability. I
believe it is proper and constitutional, as I stated
in my argument the other day, to grant alternate
sections of public lands; I have no difficulty about
that constitutional question; I believe that it is the
proper policy of the Government gp grant alter-
nate sections of public lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, no matter where they are
located, because my opinion is that the interest
of the public Treasury is advanced by it. We get
more money, or at least we get as much money,
and got it sooner, by that policy, than we should
get if the railroads are not constructed by our
aid.
I have no difficulty in regard to the constitu-
tional power to make a contract for a grant of
money to parties forcarrying the mails over a road
which they may construct. I think we may con-
stitutionally make such a contract. Such con-
tracts are made every day with the Government.
It is a matter of necessity, as well as of policy
and propriety.
Then, as to the expediency of doing this, what
is the proposition in this bill? It is to enter into
a contract with the company who shall agree to
construct this road to carry the mails for a term
of years—I think for twenty years after the com-
pletion of the road, allowing ten years fonts con-
