APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Appropriations, JSew Offices, fyc.
35th Cong...1st Sess.
By the act for the relief of Richard B. Alexander.
Fot the value of one horse and one mule lost by him during
the Alex/can war #250 00
By the act for the relief of Robert W. Cushman,
formerly an acting purser in the United States
Navy.
To pay to Robeit W. Cushman, acting purser of the Ger-
iricintoun, the flay ship of the African squadron, the dif-
ference of pay between that of a purser and a captain's
clerk On such time as lie so acted as purser..[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of William Heine, artist
in the Japan expedition.
To pay to William Home, artist of the late Japan expedi-
tion under Commodore Peirv, compensation at the rate
of eighteen bundled dollars per annum during the tune he
was actually employed m &uch service [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Alonzo and Elbridge
G. Colby.
For the balance due them on their contract with the United
States, dated July twenty-four, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, for constiuetmg abieakwater at Owl's Head
harboij Penobscot river, Maine §2,502 11
the amount claimed to be due the estate of the said fire-
vet Colonel Fanning, as commissions of two and a half
per cent, upon the sum of fifty thousand dollars disbursed
by bun in eighteen hundred and twenty-seven and eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-eight, at the United States arse-
nal in Augusta, Georgia $1,250 00
By the act for the relief of Gardner and Vincent,
and others.
To audit and settle the several accounts of Gaidnei arid
Wilson, A. S. Gardner, A. F. Holmes, G. B. Murphv, C
C. Carlton, N. E. Crittenden, O. A. Brooks and Company,
and W. Jhngham and Company, foi good*, &c.. furnished
the United State-; marine ho^pital^t Cleveland, Ohio,
during the superintendency of John Coon.. .[Indefinite.}
By the act for the relief of David MeClure, ad-
ministrator of Joseph MeClure, deceased.
For the amount of interest collected from the said Joseph
McCIuie, in his lifetime, on a judgment in favor of the
United States Government, winch it was afterwards as-
certained the sard MeClure did not properly owe, and the
amount of which judgment has been previously relunded
to him by Congress §L07 64
By the act for the relief of James Rumph.
In full compensation tor medical aid rendered to soldiers in
the berwee of the United States m the year eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven $"60 00
By the act for the relief of John Dearmit.
To p<i> u> Johu Dearmit. in addition to the amount already
paid him by the Government under his eontiact for cai-
rymg the mail upon loute number one thousand six hun-
dred and one, trom July first, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, lor four years  $295 00
By the act for the relief of Stuckey and Rogers.
To pay to Stuckey and Rogers, mail contractors on route
number six thou.-and and seventy-eight, (6078,) from
Wins-boro* to Pinckneyville, m the State of South Caioh-
na, at the rate of three hundred and thirty-three dollars per
annum,for the transposition of the mails on said route ;
deducting therefrom whatever payments may have been
made, at the utte of one hundred and thirty-eight dollars
per annum, by the Post Office Pepaitment. .[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Peter Parker.
For his services as charge d'affaires ad interim at Canton,
m China, at various, periods between the dates of May
twenty-six, anno Domini eighteen hundred and lift}-two,
and tile fourth day of May. eighteen hundred and fifty-
five     . •  .'$2,603 19
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Daniel Hay, deceased.
To pay to the legal representatives of Daniel Hay,deceased,
a sum equal to two pet centum on all moneys disbuioed
by hun a-i ag^nt for paying pensions, from and after the
twentieth day of April, eighteen hundred and thmy-fcix,
with interest on the same, from the thirtieth of April,
eighteen bundled and fifty-six [Indefinite J
By
jj,y the act for the relief of Dr. Thomas Antisell.
For services rendered as acting assistant suigeon to the
command (company G, third artdleiv) escorting Lieuten-
ant Parke's party of survey trom California to New Mex-
ico, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-five, $-274 65
By the act for the relief of the heirs of Richard
Tarvin.
For losses sustained by Richard Farren, or Richard Tarvin,
during said war of eighteen bundled and thirteen and
fourteen    $'600 Ou
By the art for the relief of Mrs. Harriet O. Reid,
executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W.
Fanning, of the United States Army.
To pay to Mis. Harriet O. Reid. executrix of the late Bre-
vet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, ol the United States Army,
By the act for the relief of Jennett II. McCall,
only child of Captain James McCall, of the
revolutionary war.
To pay to Jennett H. McCall, only child of Captain James
McCall, of General Pickens's bugade. in the South Car-
olina regiment, during the war of the Revolution, the
seven yeais' half pay of a captain, as allowed by the res-
olution of Congress passed August twenty-fotuth. one
thousand seven hundred and eighty $2,100 00
By the resolution for the benefit of the widow of
Commander William Lewis Herndon, United
States Navy.
To pay the widow ofCommander William Lewis Herndon,
a sum equal to three yeais' full sea service pay of a com-
mander in Hie Navy.*.   [Indefinite ]
I Total   $81.824.8-2.5 40
RECAPITULATION.
Legislative, Executive, Judicial, Civil, and Miscellane-
ous $12,790,618 42
Diplomatic and Consular  932,120 00
Indian Department, Revolutionary, Invalid,
and other Pensions  3,407,15b b5
Aimy foitificatioiio, Military Academy, and
Mihtaiy Itoads  25,633,610 46
Navai service    14,508,854 23
Post Office Department  ]9,047,4.';G 00
Ocean Steam Mail service  1,460,730 00
I Collection of the Revenue  3,600,01)0- 00
Treaty with the King of Denmark,  408,731 41
$'81,824,825 40
II.—Offices created, and the salaries
thereof.
By the act (chap. 12) to create additional land
districts in the State of California and for other
purposes.
Three registers, at three thousand dollars per annum.
Three receiveis, at three thousand dollars per annum.
By the act (chap. 13) to provide for the organiza-
tion of a regiment of mounted volunteers for
the defense of the frontier of Texas, and to
authorize the President to call into the service
of the United States two additional regiments
of volunteers.
One colonel;
One lieutenant colonel;
One m.ijor,*
One adjutant, with the rank of first lieutenant;
One quartermaster, with the rank of first lieutenant;
One surgeon;
Two assistant surgeons;
One seigeant major;
One quartermaster and commissary sergeant,
Ten captains;
Ten fir>t lieutenants;
Ten second lieutenants;
Forty sergeants;
Forty corporals;
Twenty buglers;
Ten farriers:
who shall receive the pay and emoluments fixed by exist-
ing laws for regiments of cavalry.
Two colonel.?;
Two lieutenant-colonels;
Two majors;
Two adjutants, with the rank of first lieutenant;
Two quartermasters and commissaries, with the rank of
first lieutenant;
Two surgeons;
Four assistant surgeons;
Two sergeant majois;
Two quartermaster and commissary sergeants;
Twenty captains ;
Twenty first lieutenants;
Twenty second lieutenants;
Eighty sergeants;
Lsehty coipoial? ;
Twenty buglers;
Twenty tamers ;
who shaft receive the pay and emoluments fixed by exist-
ing laws for regime nU of mtantry.
By the act (chap. 25) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight.
Six messengers of the House of Representatives, at a
compensation of twelve hundred dollars per annum each.
By the act (chap. 31) for the admission of the
State of Minnesota into the Union.
One judge of the district court of the United States;
One attorney for the United States;
One marshal;
who shall receive the same compensation as the judge, at-
torney, and marshal for the district of Iowa.
By the act (chap. 44) to create a land district in
the Territory of .New Mexico.
One register;
One receiver ;
who shall receive the same compensation fixed by law for
other land officers.
By the act (chap. 92) to authorize the President
of the United States, m conjunction with the
State of Texas, to run and mark the boundary
hnesbetween the Territories of the United States
and the State of Texas.
One superintendent, or commissioner. [No salary fixed
by the aet.]
By the act (chap. 153) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859.
One commissioner to the Republic ofParaguay, at a com-
pensation not to exceed $7,500.
By the act (chap. 154) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
One additional clerk m the office of the Register of the
Treasm y, at a compensation ot sixteen hundred dollars per
annum.
One additional clerk m the office of the Treasurer of the
United States, at a compensation of sixteen hundred dol-
lars per annum.
By the act (chap. 155) making supplemental
appropriations for the current and contingent
expanses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, *1859.
Three cpeeial stents for tin' Indian tribes in Texas. [No
compensation named in the act j
Three mteipreters for the Indian tnbes in Texas. [No
compensation named in the act-j
By the act (chap. 163) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1858.
Three clerks in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, at a compensation of fourteen hundred dollars per
annum.
One commissioner to audit and state the claims for the
Indian service in the Territories of Oregon and Washing-
ton, at a compensation of eight dollars per day and actual
traveling expenses.
III.—-Offices, the salaries of which have
bffn increased, with the amount of such
increase.
By the act (chap. 82) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of Government, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1859.
Salary of one messenger in the office of the Secretary of
the Senate increased three hundred and tlurty dollars per
annum.
