~18o8.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1643
struction, winch would then be a period of thirty
years, to which the contract should extend—for
so much per mile per annum, not to exceed in
the aggregate the sum of $25,000,000. Let us see
what will be the operation of that provision.
At present the Government is paying for the trans-
portation of the United States mails, from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, $1,300,000 a year. That
is the present expense, I understands It gives
§700,000 to the companies who carry the mail by
way of Panama, and $600,000 to the overland
mail company for carrying it twice a month.
Mr. GW1N. Besides, there are $150,000 paid
for carrying it from San Antonio to San Diego,
and $300,000 by way of Salt Lake.
Mi*. 1VERSON. I was not aware of these ad-
ditional amounts. They would swell the sum to
more than a million and a half of dollars per an-
num. This bill proposes to advance proportionate
sums to the extent of §25,000,000, foraservice of
thirty years. Under the present system before
that term of thirty years expires, the Government
will have expended for the transportation of the
mailsalone, more than §50,000,000. To say noth-
ing of items suggested by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, the §1,300,000 now paid would amount m
thirty years to $39,000,000, and for thirty years
we propose to make this contract under the bill.
"Which is the mosteconomical to the Government;
which is the wisest, which is the best? I leave
Senators and the country to decide that question.
I have therefore been, and still am, in favor of
providing for this work, by the advancement of
governmental aid. i did, in the commencement
of this investigation by the select committee, pro-
pose a compromise route, which I thought ought
to have been acceptable, as well to northern as to
southern members of Congress. I proposed to
commence the road at any point between the
mouth of the Big Sioux, on the Missouri river,
and the mouth of the Kansas river, thence to run
down in a southwestern direction, to cross the Rio
Grande at any point which might be most accept-
able below Santa Fe—Santa Fe is twenty or thirty
miles, I think, above Albuquerque—and thence
on the most feasible route to San Francisco, or
any other point on the Pacific winch the contract-
ors might deem it proper to select. This was
my proposition. If it had been accepted, and the
road constructed, it would have given an easy, a
natural, and feasible connection with all the north-
ern railroads. The mouth of the Big Sioux is on
the same parallel with Chicago. There would
have been an easy connection with the roads that
terminate at- Chicago; an easy connection with
the roads in Minnesota and Iowa, and in all the
other northwestern States. By the direction of
the road, it would also be brought within the com-
petency of St. Louis and that interest, to connect
with it without aveiygreat expense. Coming
down and crossing the Rio Grande at Albuquerque,
or some other point in that neighborhood, it
would have given a natural and easy connection
with the system of roads running through the
State of Arkansas, taking Memphis as the base.
Even the Texas route, which the Senator from
Texas thinks is the best one to the Pacific, could
connect with the one which 1 proposed, by a slight
divergence, instead of crossing at El Paso, going
by way of Fort Belknap, and connecting at Al-
buquerque. That route would give connection
with ail the railroad systems in the United States;
it would be equally just to the North, equally just
to the center, and equallyjust to the extreme
South. That proposition was voted down—voted
down by that same numerical northern strength
which, I presume, hi this body as well asuhe
other, is determined, if it has a road at all, to
have one North, and not to give the South any of
its benefits. My opinion is, that the numerical
stiength of the northern States is deteimined that
if the Government aid is brought to the construc-
tion of the road at ;\!1, it shall inure to their ben-
efit, and to the advantage of no other portion of
the Union. Believing that this is the policy of
the northern menibeis who have numerical power
on this floor, as well as in the other House, and
that we shall have no concession from them, 1,
for one, shall vote for the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, although I should be opposed
to it if we could have justice at the hands of our
northern brethren. 1 shall vote, therefore, for the
indefinite postponement of this bill.
Mr. G WIN. Before the Senator from Georgia
sits down, I should like to ask him a question. I
ask him to state to the Senate how many votes
from the southern States, in this body, he could
have obtained for the plan he proposed.
Mi\ IVERSON. Enough to carry the plan, if
the northern votes would stick to it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator would take it to a
point which could get but a small minority of
votes, and thus destroy the measure.
Mr. GREEN. I do not like to hear the ques-
tion raised about the power of the North to carry
themeasure independent of the South, for this one
plain, palpable reason: if this road be made, it will
be made by the whole Union; and I do not like
the whole Union to make a road for one section,
nor do I believe that the public judgment of the
North will sustain it. There are honesty and pro-
priety there, and they will say that justice ought
to prevail, even if the heavens fall. As we can
have but a single trunk line of road, as that trunk
line must be made by the nation, it ought to be so
located as to inure to the common benefit of the
whole; not the North, not the South, not the cen-
ter exclusively. But if, in locating it so as to ac-
commodate all sections, it should be that Missouri
and Ohio and Indiana and Illinois participate
more largely and more freely in its benefits than
other sections of the Union, owing to the peculi-
arity of their location, there is no reason why the
North or the South ought to complain.
The line of this road is a small matter; the ter-
mini is an impoitant matter. On the west you
say San Francisco. Why not leave it open, as
the Senator from Texas lias well said, to select
San Die^o, or some other port on the Pacific? In
California you yourself are enough to designate a
certain point. When you come east, and approach
the Atlantic States, you leave a wide margin to
play upon, for the purpose of deceiving somebody
that votes for the bill. I will not vote for a Pa-
cific railroat} that does not do justice to the whole
Union; I will not vote for one that inures, from
its location, entirely to the benefit of the North;
I will not vote for one that inures, from its loca-
tion, entirely to the benefit of the South; nor
would I vote for it if the benefit would result en-
tiiely to the center; but I go for the center for the
very plain reason that, while it benefits the cen-
ter, it gives equal advantages to the North and
to the South.
1 object to thisTnll because, while itundertakes
to locate the western terminus, it leaves tin1 east-
ern indefinite. 1 object to it because the reason
assigned for leaving the eastern terminus floating,
uncertain, indefinite, is, that it cannot pass if it
should be fixed at a certain point. If it cannot
pass if fixed at a certain point, it ought, not to pass.
If we pass it because it is left floating, when we
could not pass it if jt wore fixed definitely and cer-
tainly, we commit a fraud upon each other, and
upon the country; and 1 am not willing to commit
a fraud upon any one. Locate this road at the
mouth of the Big Sioux, if you please, and hosv
many votes will you j^ct to pass it? The Senator
from California seems to think' that ho ought to
accommodate the northern votes more than the
southern, because he will get more strength from
the North than the South ! You may, in votes on
on the bill, in the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. 1 said no such thing.
Mr. GREEN. I understood that to be the drift
of the Senator's argument.
Mr. GWIN. I stated that when you located
the line on a route having only a small minority
of the Senate in its favor, you were fixing it"so
that the bill must be defeated.
Mr. GREEN. I understand the Senator. He
asked how many votes it would get if it was put
there. I understand what that means; lie cannot
deceive me by his argument. I know all that is
covered up in the meaning of that question. When
he puts the question to a southern man, " how
many votes could I get, if it were located it
means, 441 do locate it where I can get so many
votes by locating it in the manner I indicate." ^ It j
is a question of votes, not a question of justice
and propriety. I do not like that; and while I
would take the Senator from California by the
hatfd, and cordially cooperate with him in the
consummation of this great work, I cannot meet i
him in the mode he has now indicated for acting.
I want the eastern Territories located as well as
the western; for, as the Senator from Texas ^as
remarked, San Francisco is not the State of Cali-
fornia, nor is it the center of the Union. It is a
great place, a prominent point, and one at which
commerce concentrates. I am proud of-it, and
proud of her representatives.
Mr. BRODERICK. The population of the
State is north of San Francisco. -
Mr. GREEN. The population ,of the State
may be. I say nothing against San Francisco;
but if it be proper to designate San Francisco as
the western terminus, take the most suitable point
east, and designate it as the eastern terminus; or,
if you say that it is wrong to designate any termi-
nus, leave it an open question for the contract-
ors and the executive department; leave it open
on the west, and perhaps they may select San
Diego, or some other port on the Pacific. But
there is regard enough paid to San Francisco to
say that she shall be a terminus; while on the
east we say: " we will not designate the point,
because we shall lose votes by so doing." Mr.
President, I cannot subscribe to a doctrine like
that. I intend to advocate this measure as a prac-
ticable measure, as one fraught with benefit to the
State of Missouri, as one fraught with general
benefit to the whole Union; but 1 will not under-
take to decide either tho-South or the North. I
shall go for what I believe to be right for all.
Mr. WILSON. The State 1 represent, Mr.
President, is in favor of a Pacific railway. The
sentiment of Massachusetts approaches unanim-
ity on that subject. I have been, and now am,
in favor of buifding a railway to the Pacific ocean.
I have nothing, and I think the people I repre-
sent have nothing, of that sectional feeling that
has been alluded to, in regard to its location, by
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] The peo-
ple I represent, sir, are a manufacturing and com-
mercial people. They believe that a railway to the
Pacific ocean is a national necessity. They are lh
favor of building a railroad as soon as it can be
practically accomplished; and they are in favor of
building it over the best route, whether it lies to-
wards the north or the south; and whichever way
it will go, they know it will contribute to the
power and prosperityof our section of the Union
—the great manufacturing and commercial sec-
tion, where capital and business ccnters from all
parts of our country. I assure Senators that the
people of Massachusetts have none of the little,
narrow, sectional feelings, which would exclude
the South, or any portion of Our common coun-
try, from the fall benefits of the railway to our
Pacific possessions. We welcome the completion
of lines of railways in the West and in the South;
and we have contributed more than our share of
the capital employed in Luilding those lines of
railways, which bring together all sections of our
country, facilitate and enlarge commerce, and de-
velop the resources of the country.
But, sir, with these sentiments, I think it best
to postpone this bill until December next; and 1
will state, very briefly, the reasons why I shall vote
for the motion made by the Senator irom Louis-
iana, [Mr. Benjamin.] In the first place, we have
nothing very definite before us, nothing on which
we can act understanding!y in regard to the location
of this road. There is a diversity of opinion in the
Senate and in the country upon the subject; and
before we can settle on the best route to the Pa-
cific, there must be more knowledge, more exam-
ination, and more unanimity of sentiment and of
interest. This is a stupendous undertaking, i
believe that every dollar invested in a Pacific rail-
road, over any line, is to be sunk; and that not
less than two hundred million dollars will have to
be su&k to complete such a road. I believe fur-
ther, that when such a road is completed", it will
not pay running expenses for years. But the com-
pletion of a road across the continent will bind
tins country together, will be of inestimable ben-
efit to commerce and manufactures, and to the de-
velopment of the agricultural interests and power
of the country. Wecan afford to sink $*200,000,000
to complete a road which will thus develop the re-
sources and power of the whole nation, bind the
country together with iion bands, and increase
the sentiment of nationality.
If any man familiar with the railroad lines of
this country, will examine the subject, he will find
that the stock of these great railway lines, built
through settled regions, connecting large commer-
cial points, and having large way travel, are not
worth, in the aggregate, fifty cents upc^p the dol-
