1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MJKylwr
ooT
ed to withdraw from the files of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, the papers in the case of
the heirs of Colonel Benjamin Wilson, deceased,
of Harrison county, Virginia, for the purpose of
having them referred in the Senate.
JOHN CRININ.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report in the case of
John Crinin, a soldier in the Rogue River war;
which was laid on the table, the report ordered to
be printed, and the committee discharged from
the further consideration thereof.
HENRY E. REAP.
Mr. JEWETT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to increase the pension of Henry E.
Reap, of the State of Kentucky, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. JEWETT also, from the same committee,
offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions em-
ploy a suitable clerk, for the present session of Congress, at
four dollars a day.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUGUSTUS J. COON.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Augustus
J. Coon; which was read a first and second time,
referred toaCommittce oftheWhole House,and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. SAVAGE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting pensions to the
officers and soldiers of the war with Great Britain
of 1812, and those engaged in the Indian wars
during that period.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and that its further consideration be
postponed until the 24th day of February.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object to the motion to
postpone the consideration of this bill; for the
effect of it will be to consume the morning hour
whenever it comes up, and thereby prevent other
committees from reporting. I move that it be re-
ferred to a Committee of the "Whole House, and
that the bill and report be printed.
Mr. SAVAGE. My motion has precedence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It would be right
for the House to be aware that this is one of the
mostimportant propositions that will be presented
for our consideration during the present session
of Congress. A similar bill was before the last
Cjpngress, introduced by my colleague, who now
reports this bill, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I made inquiry at the Pension Office as to what
would be the probable amount which would be
required to pay the pensioners provided for in this
bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. A discussion of the merits of
a bill is not in order upon a motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a mo-
tion pending to commit and print?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee was to recommit and post-
pone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did not he move
to print? •-
The SPEAKER. There was no such motion
heard by the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Which takes pre-
cedence ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stood the gentleman from Tennessee to move to 1
recommit, and then to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I had but
one word more to say, and that is that the answer
of the Department was that this bill would re-
quire $10,000,000 a year.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am ready to go into the
merits of this bill at any time; but I do not desire
to have thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
prejudice it before I can be heard. I want to as-
sure my colleague and the House that I wish to
bring this bill fairly before the country, and that
my object is to have the most unlimited range of
debate, and to subject the bill to every amendment
which friend or foe may propose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that it is in order for the gentleman to state rea-
sons why the bill should or should not be post-
poned. The pending motion does not open the
merits of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was all that
I was doing when I was ruled out of order; and
I think, if that question is debatable, I have the
floor.
Mr. SAVAGE. I should much prefer that this
bill should be postponed by the House, and that
I should not be callcd upon at the present time to
give the various reasons why this bill should be-
come the law of the land.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee cannot, upon a motion to postpone, go into
a discussion of the merits of the question. He
must confine himself to showing why it should or
should not be postponed.
Mr. SAVAGE. Then it will be very difficult
for me to say anything in the present state of the
question. I did not come here prepared to discuss
tne bill, yet I am not unprepared to enter into its
discussion. The bill, I know, has a good many
friends here, and I wish to enlist their attention
m its behalf. I have the utmost confidence that,
when the fullest intelligence is had upon this
question, the views of the Invalid Pension Com-
mittee, by which this question h s been examined,
will be sustained, and the bill become the law of
the land.
This is, as my colleague [Mr. Jones] intimates,
the most important bill, in my opinion, that will
be brought before the present Congress, because
it looks, as I think, to the continuation of a great
policy which has been followed from the founda-
tion of the Government, but which, unless con-
tinued by the means proposed by this bill, will
cease to have its influence upon the nation; and
this discontinuance will bring along with it evils
forever to be dreaded. This bill presents briefly
the question of the military organization for this
country in all time to come.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot dis-
cuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. SAVAGE. I will confine myself to the
question, and I will thank the Speaker, or any
member, to call me back if I wanderaway from it,
because it is not my object to violate the rules. I
am one of those men who profess to be law-abid-
ing, and not to be governed by any higher law
particularly, but by laws which have been en-
acted by man. I submit to all laws that are right-
fully enacted, and it is my object and my wish to
obey the rules of this House. In the efforts 1 in-
tend to make,and expect to make,as long a«* I have
the honor of a seat upon this floor, to accomplish
the great work I have undertaken, of passing
this bill, I do not intend to resort to any trick or
device to force it upon the House or upon the
country.
Mr. SEWARD. I must call the gentleman
from Tennessee to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
raises the question of order, that the gentleman
from Tennessee is not confining himself to the
legitimate points of debate.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think I am certainly show-
ing reasons why there is a great necessity for the
postponement of the further consideration of this
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire if the rules
do not require that this bill, which appropriates
money, shall first be considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will determine
the rule upon that point when the question arises.
Mr. SAVAGE. Am I called to order, Mr.
Speaker? i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
insists that the rule shall be enforced, and that
the gentleman shall be restricted, in his remarks,
to assigning reasons why the bill should be post-
poned.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am assigning such reasons,
and I hope the gentleman will show that J anj
not.
Mr. REILLY. I would inquire what the
" higher law" has to do with the postponement
of this bill ? I object to everything out of order.
There are other committees waiting to report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman from Tennessee will confine himself
strictly to the pending question.
Mr. SAVAGE. I hope the Chair will specify
in what respect I am out of order. The gentle-
man from Georgia calls me to order, but makes-
no specification. 1 certainly cannot acknowledge
that I have offended against the rules of the House.
I was going on to assign, in my way, what rea-
sons I could why the bill should be postponed.
I was coming to a very substantial one, and it is
this: The friends of the bill did not know until this
morning that the bill was coming up. This same
question is now under discussion before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and it is my object to
await the action of that committee which has
been delayed by other important matters of legis-
lation.
My object, then, Mr. Speaker, is to postpone
this question to a day certain, so that, if there is
any merit in the bill, those who feel an interest in
it and wish to see it pass may have a fair oppor-
tunity to sustain it on the one side, whilst those
who are opposed to it may have an opportunity
to defeat it on the other. I want nothing but a
fair, generous, and manly battle; and if the meas-
ure fails, why, its friends must submit. I do not
wish to detain the House with a speech, restricted
and narrowed down as I am, and prevented from
discussing the merits of the bill.
Mr. QUITMAN. Mr. Speaker, I hope that
the House will not now postpone this measure to
a day certain The subject is before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and much of the time
of that committee has been devoted to the inves-
tigation of the question. I am not prepared, until
a report upon the subject comes in from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in which it is being
elaborately discussed, to postpone the bill to a day
certain, or to fix a day for its consideration. Let
it take the same course as other bills; and when
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
comes in, we may then be prepared to appoint a
time for its consideration.
Mr. READY. As a friend of this bill, I hope
that the motion to postpone will prevail, for the
reason that I do not consider that the House is
in a state of mind at the present time to consider
so important a measure as this is; and for the
further reason, that I believe there is a lack of
information, which will have an important bear-
ing upon the provisions of the bill. The peculiar
financial condition of the country has been such
that, in my judgment, it must necessarily have
produced a fear that the passage of such a meas-
ure as this would impose, at the present time, too
heavy a burden upon the Treasury. I think there
are indications that this financial crisis is rapidly
passing away; and the objections to the passage
of the bill on that account will have ceased to exist
in a very short period; probably by the time the
House shall have had an opportunity to examine
the provisions of the bill,and determine its merits
in all its different bearings. I therefore hope the
motion of my colleague will prevail.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the exact
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, is there not
also a motion pending to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. None.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, is.it not
competent to show why the bill should be com-
mitted rather than postponed? -
The SPEAKER. Any reasons the gentleman
can assign why the bill should not be postponed,
the Chair thinks would be entirely in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, 1 will
endeavor to confine myself to that point in the
very few remarks which I desire to submit. The
reason why I think the bill should not be post-
poned, is that it is one of very great importance
and magnitude—one which proposes, as I am in-
formed, to take the sum of $10,000,000 annually
from the Treasury of the United States; and the
effect of postponing it to a day certain, and keep-
ing it before the House, will be to prevent a fair
