THE CONGRESMONAfi GLOBE.
«J lift© 3j
1
man of the committee, but I shall not make any
factious opposition to the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. YIJLEE. I wilt state that it is not at all
possible this bill can occupy exceeding ten min-
utes. The^e may be some gentlemen desirous of
debating it, but I am sure there will be no pro-
tracted discussion on our side.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resisted—*yeas 29, mys 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bright. Brown, Col-_'
latner, Davis, Fessenden, Pitch, Fitzpatriek,Green. Cwtn,
Hammond. Hayne, Houston, johnson of Arkansas, Jones,
Kennedy, Mallory, Polk, Push, Rice, Sebastian. Simmons,
Slide!!, Stuan,Thomson ef New Jersey, Toomb^, Wright,
and Yulee—559.
NAYS—Messrs. Bel!, Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Clay,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Foster, Hamlin. Harlan, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pearee, IieiU, Seward,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson— 20.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the appointment by the Presi-
dent, with the consent of the Senate, of a Fourth
AssistantPostmaster General, to receive the same
compensation which is paid to each of the other
Assistant Postmasters General; and the Fourth
Assistant is to send and receive letters, packages,
and other matters on official business, through
the mails, free of postage, subject to the same
restrictions and penalties as the other Assistant
Postmasters General.
Mr. YULEE. Having, on a former occasion,
explained the reasons of the Department for re-
questing this addition to the organization of the
Department, I refrain from repeating them.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall vote against the bill, and
I will very briefly state the reasons. I think the
whole organization of the system of Assistant
6Secretaries is bad. It is a mere cover to conceal
the salary of a clerk. Wc cannot transfer the
responsibilities of the head of a Department by
calling them assistants. Every clerk is his as-
sistant. I think, in the classification of clerkships,
there should be salaries fixed to command the
highest abilities, and that the lower clerkships
should have less than they now receive. Young
men should be taken and trained to the special
duties of each Department, and, as they acquired
the ability to occupy higher positions, they should
be advanced to them with an increase oi salary.
I am perfectly willing the higher clerks should
receive the salary given to the so-called Assistant
Secretaries. 1 think the whole organization a bad
one—a misnomer. 1 mn opposed to increasing
it; lam opposed to doing anything which will fi k
it on the country; and I hope, some day orotber,
to see it repealed.
Mr. YULEE. The objection of the Senator
from Mississippi is only to the name, the desig-
nation of the officer. It is not an objection to the
necessity for the creation of this office, but only
to the designation of the officer. Inasmuch as the
Ijw, as it now stands, hns organized the Post
Office Department into different divisions, at the
head of which are Assistant Postmasters Gen-
era!; and inasmuch as the duties belonging to the
division which it is proposed to place under the
direction and superintendence of a Fourth Assist-
ant Postmaster Geneial, require the supervision
of an officer of equal grade with those who super-
intend the other divisions, I hope the Senator will
not press an objection to the mere designation us
an objection to the bill. If the organization of
the Post Ofliec Department is defective, let it be
amended by general reform; but, while the organ-
ization stands, as the law now requires, wc may
perfect that organization as far as may be neces-
sary for the due administration of public business.
Mr. CEfANl)L£R. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire the difference in salary between a
first class clerk and an AssistantPostmaster Gen-
eral ?
Mr. YULEE. The pay of chief clerk, I think,
is two thousand or perhaps eighteen hundred dol-
lars. The pay of an Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral is $3,01)0. The Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General proposed to be now created will receive
the same pay as is paid to the other Assistant
Postmasters General.
Sir. CHANDLER. I wish to inoui-re the dif-
ference between the salary of the cirfef clerk and
that of the Assistant Postmaster General?
Mr. YULEE. About a thousand dollars, I
think.
Mr. KING. While I concur in the objection
which the Senatot*from Mississippi presents to
| this bill, my objection is chiefly to the increase
, of salary at this time. I regard this bill as de-
! signed chiefly for !hat object, and that, with me,
i is a more important objection than the name by
! which the officer shall be called. I do not propose
1 to discuss the question; everybody understands
s it. I shall vote against the bill. I voted against
. taking it up because I was opposed to the bill,
j Mr. YULEE. The objection of the Senator
| from New York is that the purpose, as he sup-
i poses, is simply to increase salary. The Senator
i could not have attended to the contents of the
j letter of the Postmaster General which was read
i on a former occasion. The reason of the neces-
! sity for this office is that the very large business
j of inspection and distribution of mail-bags, &c.,
! is much beyond the ability of either of the three'
Assistant Postmasters General to superintend,
j The consequence is that the Postmaster General,
' for the last ten or twelve years, has been obliged
1 to appropriate,his chief clerk to that duty. The
; effect has been to withdraw entirely from his ser-
! vice the aid of a chief clerk, and he occupies the
! anomalous position of being the only head of a
! department in the Government who has no chief
i clerk, it is because the chief clerk has been
! obliged necessarily to be devoted entirely to the
! duties of the superintendence of the inspection
j office. The inspection office employs seventeen
j clerks, and has as largo a mass of business as
| either of the other divisions, involving a great
I deal of responsibility and very important judicial
questions. In fact, it is one of the four divisions
into which the business of the Department nat-
urally divides itself, especially judicial, and re-
( qunes an officer of high character. The conse-
[ quence of the prcsentarrangement is not only that
; the Postmaster Geneial loses the services of a
1 chief clerk, but besides that, the grade of charac-
: ter and ability which can be employed at the sal-
1 nry of a chief cleik is not that which is required
for the performance of the very large duties of
1 the inspection office. In order that Senators may
i understand how important and extensive those
i duties are, I will read a schedule which cnumer-
; ates the duties of the inspection division of the
; Post Office Department:
J ki Inspection OJjicc.— G. C. l'oinduxtei, Esq., chief
} clerk"—
j he has resigned since the date of this—
| —"and seventeen cleik^. To t'm olfico i-j aligned the
(iutj ot receiviii',r and examining th" re;;i-iom of the amvals
and depaituie- oi the mad-, emifieate*; of the seiviee of
inure njjenr-. and lepoir- oi mad lailuie- , of noting: the de-
hii(]uen<Me . ef oontiadnis. and p.epatintr ea-c- thereon tor
1 the action oi ihe Po-una^tei Oenci .\f ; ftn m-h:i!<* blank* lor
mail ie«i-ter-, and iepoil-of mail tailines; pjovulum and
; m ruling out mail ba~- and mail lo<-ks and k"y<. ami doing
i nil oilier thing.-which may he neee.-saiv tosecute a faithful
; and exact peiformanco ot all mad eonuacis.
j "Alt cases of mail d'-piedanon, of violation of law by
' puvate explores:, or b\ the loiumg or dlesra! use of postage
, -tamp*, aie undei ihe supervision "of this office, and should
()(! lepoifed to it
' " All communications icspectmg lo-t mowey,letters, mail
| doptedation*. 01 other violation* of law, or mail look-and
keys, fdiould bo dnccted ' Chief Clerk, Post Olhce Depart-
i ment.J"
] Tiie duties are very large. They are connected
i with very large disbursements of the Government.
It is important to the economical as well as suc-
! cessi'ul administration of the Department, that this
i very large and important division of its duties
| should be superintended by a competent agent,
i It will be an economical measure. It is indis-
: pensable. Formerly, and before the chief clerk
I was appointed to this business, it was a desk in
■ one of the other divisions of the Assistant Post-
i masters General; but by our increase of territory,
■ the business of that Department has increased so
jmuch that the experience of nil gentlemen here
■ must have acquainted them that it is impossible
. for the Fust Assistant Postmaster General to do
1 more than attend to the appointments; forthe Sec-
ond Assistant to do more than attend to matters
: of contract; and for the Third to do more than at-
r tend to the financial affairs of the Department.
II This office is necessary to perfect the organization
r of the Department; and I trust the Senate will
i1 allow what the present Postmaster General, con-
curring with two or three of his predecessors, has
pressed on the legislative department as neces-
sary.
Mr. HAMLIN/ Will the Senator from Florida
be good enough to inform me who is the person
that now dibciiaiges the duties?
Mr. YULEE. I cannot tell the gentleman.
Mr. Oakford discharged them under Mr. Camp-
bell. Mr. Poindexter was appointed in his stead
by the present Postmaster General; but he re-
signed a month ojc two ago, and I cannot inform
the Senator who succeeded him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the objection stated
by the Senator from Mississippi is one which
cannot be answered. I think this whole matter
lies in a nutshell. It is a simple question of in-
creasing salaries—no more, no less—call it chief
clerk, or Assistant Postmaster General, it mat-
ters not which. I believe the Senatorfrom Mis-
sissippi is right when he says—and the position
he has occupied entitles the declaration to great
weight—that you cannot change the responsibility
from the head of a Department to a secondary
officer, whetner you call him clerk or Assistant
Secretary. 1 think this bill is objectionable be-
cause it increases salaries at this time, when it
ought not to be done.
^1 object also to giving this appointment to the
President. I would trust the head of a Depart-
ment, who knows what the duties to be discharged
arc, to judge of the qualifications better than the
Executive, who would not know*those duties as
well as the head of the Department, who is re-
sponsible. But the other objection I make is a
broader one, and which ought to control us, and
will control me; it is this: I presume the same per-
son who now discharges the duties of the office
will continue to discharge them, and receive the
increased salary under this bill, if it should pass.
You can go into every Department of the Govern-
ment and find chief clerks-who are required to
dischaige as onerous and responsible duties as
any that arc discharged in jhe Post Office Depart-
ment; and you do injustice to another class of
chicf clerks, by simply changing the name of one
in one Department, and giving him an increased
salary. I concur with the Senator from Missis-
sippi, when he says the chief clerks ought to be
very competent men, and perhaps we ought to
pay them more than we do nftw, though 1 think
we pay them two thousand or two thousand five
hundred dollars. I do not believe in taking one
class in one Department, styled by one name, and
giving them an additional compensation over the
same closs in another Department. That is the
objection I make to this bill. If you are going to
make the compensation of this chief clerk higher,
or if you choose, on account of the name, to give
him a compensation of $3,000 a year as Assistant
Postmaster General, go into the other Depart-
ments, and see whether their chief clerks ought
not to he assistant secretaries, and mete out to
them the measure of justice, if it be justice, that
you are meting out m this carc.
Air. HUNTER. I think the hour for the spe-
cial order has arrived.
Mr. YULEE. We can soon get through with
this subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist on the special
order. I have £iven up two hours this morning.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word.
When this proposition was first brought into the
Senate, I was inclined to vote for it; but the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has convinced me that I
ought to voce ngainst it. My opinion is, that the
division of responsibility always does harm. I
was at first under the impression that the person
was to be selected by the Postmaster General,
and that the whole responsibility of the Depart-
ment would be underits chief. I perceive, how-
ever, that jt is otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
announce to the Senate that the hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order.
Mr, YULEE. If it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, 1 should be very much gratified if this bill
could be proceeded with to its termination. It is
not hk"ly to.occupy more than five or ton min-
utes. I shall have nothing more to say.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us go on with the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. YULEE. I move to postpone the appro-
priation bill, with the expectation that this meas-
ure will not occupy the Senate more than five or
ten minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion. [k< Oh, no !"]
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Flor-
ida will withdraw his motion
