1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
lar. Take the great line from Portland, by way
of Montreal, to Toronto; both the lines from Bos-
ton across Vermont, the Central and the Rutland
lines; the Ogdensburg line', the lines from Boston
to Buffalo, and westward; the Erie line; the line
across Pennsylvania, from Philadelphia to Pitts-
burg;-the line from Baltimore to Wheeling; take
the great lines of the West, the Michigan Central
and Southern, the Illinois Central, and other lines,
running through settled portions of the country,
connecting the great commercial cities of the coun-
try ; and they are not worth,in the aggregate, more
than forty cents upon the dollar. Tens of millions
of dollars have been sunk-in these great lines of
communication between important sections of the
country—between great commercial cities, and
over sections of the country well settled, giving
vast amounts of way travel and freight. Sir, ex-
perience shows us that way passengers and freight
are the main supports of lines of railroads. Over
hundreds of miles of the Pacific railroad there can
never be either way passengers or freight.
Railroads, Mr. President, are necessities, but
millions of the money invested in them has been
and will be sunk. We have invested more than
nine hundred million dollars in railroads in this
country, but it is not worth to-day more than three
or four hundred million dollars; and yet the build-
ing of those lines of roads has increased the wealth
and productive power of this country hundreds of
millions of dollars. I believe the Pacific railroad
will increase the productive power and wealth of
the country millions and tens of millions, although
I believe every dollar invested in making such a
road will be lost to the stockholders, whether
built by the Federal Government or by private en-
terprise. I do not believe in any of the visions that
have been held up to the country, that ships are to
come from Asia from China and the Indies and the
isles of the Oriental seas, and land their precious
cargoes at San Francisco, to be sent by railroad
across the continent. The whole idea is ridicu-
lous and absutd. Sir, the cost per ton would be
from fifty to sixty dollars from San Francisco to
Boston or New York; and do Senators think our
fast sailing ships of this day, coming from Can-
ton or Calcutta, could be drawn to San Francisco,
and pay fifty dollars per ton freight, when it
would not cost them ten dollars per ton more to
go direct to the cities of the Atlantic?
Now, Mr. President, while I am in favor of
this road, and in favor of its being built at the
earliest moment, there is anothei objection to ac-'
tion at this time. Your Treasury is in no condi-
tion to undertake this, or any great undertaking.
Your national Treasury is bankrupt. Wo bor-
rowed $20,000,000 in December last. I should not
bo surprised if wp were called upon by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to borrow more before the
7th day of June next. When your Secretary of
the Treasury sent in his annual report, it excited
a smile on the face of every intelligent business
man 111 America who read it. Sir,you will find that
on the 1st of July, instead of having $33,000,000
of revenue for the three last quaiters of the fiscal
year, you will get but little moie than $31,000,000.
1 fell you, wir, you are hastening on, increasing
the expenditures; they arc greater than af any
period in our history. Your revenue is altogether
inadequate to your expenditures. Instead of em-
barking at this moment in an undertaking of this
magnitude, it belongs to this Government to hus-
band its resources, to increase its sources of rev-
enue, to curtail its expenditures. Every intelli-
gent man m the country understands this, and
sees the necessity of such action.
Now, sir, the Fedeial Government is in no con-
dition to embark l-n this great undertaking. The
people arc not in a condition to embark in it any
more than our Government. If you look over the
country you will find we are justemergingfrom—
coming out of—-one of the most sweeping com-
mercial convulsions that overcame upon any peo-
ple. We are hardly out of it yet. Our manufac-
tures, our commerce, ail departments of trade, are
now depressed. There is no active surplus, cap-
ital m the country to invest in this undertaking;
thei e are no capitalists in the country, North or
South, to take hold of it. We have $900,000,000
invested in railroads, many of them unproduc-
tive, and they press with great, force upon the bus-
iness interests of the whole country. We have
other great speculations and great undertakings
that we entered into in the hour of our prosperity.
Instead of the Government and people embark-
ing in.new schemes now, the policy of the Gov-
ernment and people should be to husband our re-
sources, concentrate our means, and put ourselves
in a strong position. By so doing, in one or two
years we shall be in a condition to enter on new
undertakings and new expenditures. This is
another reason why I think it best to put this hill
over until December next. I think the intelligent,
practical business men of the country, and the
prudent public men of,the country, will appreci-
ate the force of this reason.
I do not believe there are any capitalists in this
country to-day, from any section of the Union,
North or South, with money to invest in this
project. And if there be not, what will be the re-
sult of the passage of this bill at the present ses-
sion? Men of capital—men who want to com-
plete this great national undertaking—will not
touch it, and the organization of this company
will pass into the hands of a class of bankrupt
hacks,commercial and political—men who have no
money to invest in it—men who have no character
to bring into the concern. Whenever we pass the
Pacific railway bill, (and I hope we shall pass such
a bill as soon as the country is in a condition to
enter upon and to complete the work) we ought
to have money in the national Treasury;we ought
to be out of debt; we ought to be in the receipt of
more than we expend, and invest that excess in
this undertaking. The people ought to be out of
debt. They ought to be in a sound condition,
with a surplus to invest in the completion of this
undertaking. Neither the Government nor the
people are m that condition to-day. When that
time comes you will find responsible men, men
who enter on this undertaking comprehending its
magnitude and us importance, practical business
men, who go into this work to complete the road.
ljut, sir, pass this bill now, when your Govern-
ment is in no condition to touch it, when the peo-
ple have no capital to invest in it, and the organ-
ization of the company will, of course, pass into
irresponsible hands, and the result will be that it
will be m the hands of a class of men who will
damn the whole concern. No responsible man will
invest a dollar in it, or have anything to do with
it. I say, sir, pass this bill in the present condi-
tion of the country, and the present condition of
the capital of the country, and the people of the
country and responsible men will not touch it, but
irresponsible men will take it—men who have
nothing to lose and everything to gam—and the
lesult will be that the whole concern will bo odious
and unpopular, and nothing will be achieved to
wards completing this great national work.
Now, sir, looking to the condition of the Gov-
ernment, looking to the condition of the people
of the country, looking to the difference existing
everywhere in and out of Congress in regard to
the location of the road, I think the motion made
by the Senator from Louisiana that we lay it over
until December next, a good one. When the
national Treasury and the country shall bo in a
good condition, then we can take the question up
and legislate intelligently on this subject. Out I
shall regard the passage of this bill at this time,
instead of being something towards the building
of this road, as putting a stumbling block and a
hmderance fo its completion, and that it will pass
into the hands of an irresponsible, bankrupt class
of men, who have neither money nor character,
and who will ruin the whole enterprise. For these
reasons, although I intend to give my support to
the completion of a Pacific xailroad, I shall yote
to postpone this bill until December next.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have wit-
nessed with deep regret the indications that this
measure is to be defeated at the presentsession of
Congress, i had hoped that this Congress would
signalize itself by inaugurating the great measure
of connecting the Mississippi valley with the Pa-
cific ocean by a railroad. I had supposed that
the people of the United States had decided that
question at the last presidential election in a man-
ner so emphatic as to leave no doubt that their
will was to be earned into effect. I believe that
all the presidential candidates at the last election
were committed to the measure. Ail the presiden-
tial platforms sanctioned it as a partof theircreed.
I behove it is about the only measure on which
there was entire unanimity; and it is a very curi-
ous fact that the measure which commanded uni-
versal approbation—the measure upon which all
parties united; a measure against which no man
could be found, previous to the election, to raise
his voice—should be the one that can receive no
support, nor the cooperation of any one party,
while disputed "measures can occupy the whole
time of Congress, and can be carried through suc-
cessfully. I make no complaint of any political
party, nor of any gentleman who opposes this
bill; but it did strike me that it was a fact to be no-
ticed, that a measure of this description, so long
before the country, so well understood by the peo-
ple, and receiving such universal sanction from
them, should not be carried into effect. If the
bill which has been devised by the committee is
not the best that can be framed, let it be amended
and modified until its objectionable features shall
be removed. Let us not make a test question of
this particular form of bill or that particular form;
of this particular route or that particular route;
of the benefits to this section or that section. If
there is anything wrong in the details, in the form,
in the construction of the bill, let the objection-
able features be removed, and carry out tne great
object of a railroad communication between the
Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean.
Various objections have been raised to this bill,
some referring to the route, involving, sectional
considerations; others to the form of the bill;
others to the present time as inauspicious for the
construction of such a railroad -under any cir-
cumstances. Sir, I have examined this bill very
carefully. I was a member of the committee that
framed it, and I gave my cordial assent to the re-
port. I am free to say that I think it is the best
bill that has ever been-reported to the Senate of
the United States for the construction of a Pacific
railroad. I say this with great disinterestedness,
for I have heretofore reported several myself, and
I believe I have invariably been a member of the
committees that have reported such bills. I am
glad to find that we have progressed to such an
extent as to be able to improve on the former bills
that have, from time to time, been brought before
the Senate of the United States. This may not
be perfect. It is difficult to make human legisla-
tion entirely perfects at any rate, to so construct
it as to bring cibout an entire unanimity of opin-
ion upon a question that involves, to some extent,
selfish, sectional, and partisan considerations.
But, sir, I think this bill is fair. First, it is fair
in the location of the route, as between the dif-
ferent sections. The termini are fixed. Then the
route between the termini is to be left to the con-
tractors and owners of the road, who are to put
their capital into it, and, for weal or for woe, are
to be responsible for its management.
What is the objection to these termini? San
Francisco, upon the Pacific, is not only central,
but it is the great commercial mart, the great con-
centrating point, the great entrepot for the com-
merce of the Pacific, not only in the present, but
in the future. And that point was selected as the
western terminus for the reason that there seemed
to be a unanimous sentiment, that whatever might
be the starting point on the east, the system
would not be complete until it should reach, the
city of San Francisco on the west. I suggested
myself, in the committee, the selection of that very
point; not that I had any objection to other points;
not that I was any more friendly to San Fran-
cisco and her inhabitants than to any other port
on the Pacific; but because I believed that to be
the commanding port, the large city where trade
concentrates, and its position indicated it as the
proper terminus on the Pacific ocean.
Then, m regard to the eastern terming, a point
on the Missouri river is selected, for various rea-
sons. One is, that it is central as between the
North and South—as nearly central as could be
selected. It was necessary to commence on the
Missouri river, if you were going to take a central
route, in order that the starting point mightcon-
nect with navigation, so that you might reach it
by boats, in carrying your iron, your supplies,
and your materials, for the commencement and
the construction of the road. It was essential that
you should commence at a point of navigation so
that you could connect with the sea-board. If you
start it at a point back m the interior five hundred
or a thousand miles, as it is proposed, at El Paso,
from the navigable waters of the Mississippi, it
would cost you more money to carry the iron,
provisions, supplies, and men to that starting
point, than it would to make a road from the Mis-
