1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0SE.
Mi®
know''. But, sir, the intention was to give them
the right to speak upon every material question
growing out of the contests.
Mr STANTON. I should be very glad to
hear the resolution read to wfuch the gentleman
refers.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Is this de-
bate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair under-
stands the gentleman from Virginia to have moved
'that the motion to reconsider lie on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did make that motion; but
if there be no objection, I would like to have the
proposition in the case of Newton, in the Vir-
ginia contested election of 1834, read.
Mr. STANTON. It is perhaps proper, if the
House will allow me, to state, that in the objec-
tion I have made I have acted withoutconsultation
with the sitting member. lie will interpose no
objection to the contestant having any privilege
of debate before the House. I now ask that the
case alluded to by the gentleman from Georgia*
may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Ordered, That RolJin O. Mallary have leave to occupy
a seat on tlie floor of tills House pending the discussion of
the report of the Committee of Elections upon his petition ;
and that he have leave to speak to the merits of the peti-
tion, and the report thereon."
Mr. STANTON. I should like to know if any
gentleman can bring any instance in which the
contestant has been allowed to speak upon inci-
dental questions ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have a num-
ber of them.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
further debate.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now call up again
the report of the Committee of Elections upon the
question of granting Mr. Camtbell, the sitting
member, time to take further testimony.
The report was thereupon taken up for consid-
eration.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The question im-
mediately before the House, Mr. Speaker, is the
application of the sitting member of the third
congressional district of the State of Ohio, for
leave to take supplemental testimony. The law
of 1851 provides that, in cases of this character,
the time for taking testimony shall be limited to
sixty days, and that no testimony shall be taken
after sixty days from the day on which the an-
swer of the returned member is served on the
contestant.
The sitting member presents some reasons why
the rule should not be applied in his case; and i
as the same section of the act of 1851 provides
that the House may grant a further extension of
time for reasons shown, he applies to the House,
through the Committee of Elections, for that ex-
tension. The committee, after hearing the appli-
cation of the sitting member, and hearing, also, the
argument in resistance to that application made by
the contestant, instructed me to report a resolu-
tion that it was inexpedient to extend the time for
taking testimony in this case. With this report,
sanctioned by the majority of the committee, was
presented also a report from a minority of the
committee, differing with the majority in the con-
clusion at which they arrived.
The report sets forth very succinctly the rea-
sons upon which the sitting member bases his
application for leave for farther time. They seem
to be of a twofold character.
First, the sitting member alleges that during
most of the titoe covered by the sixty days, in
which by law he should have taken his testimony,
he was a member of the House, engaged in the
discharge of arduous and responsible duties con-
nected with a committee of the House; and it was,
from that cause, impossible for him to give his
personal attention to the taking of that testimony
necessary to defend him in his right to a seat in
this House. He also, as another reason, sets
forth that the contestant occupied all the time of
the sixty days in taking testimony in his own
behalf, thus excluding the sitting member from
any right to occupy any portion of that time in
taking testimony in defense.
I shall not go over the whole ground of the rea-
sons which governed the committee in coming to
the conclusion which they have arrived at; but
will briefly state to the House that the committee
were of opinion that it is not an adequate reason
for the extension of time that the sitting member
was a member of the last Congress. The act of
1851 is not intended to apply to One man and not
to apply to another. It is intended to be general
in its application, and to meet all cases alike. In
fact, if it were not to apply to cases where mem-
bers of Congress are interested, any member of
Congress, where the election occurs prior to the
termination of the session of Congress, could claim
the advantage of the extension of time, and ex-
emption from the effect of the law. Or if the elec-
tion immediately preceded the assembling of Con-
gress, his term of service under the election would
commence, and he would again claim exemption
from the operation of the law, and thus the law
would apply to only a small portion of contested-
election cases. It cannot, therefore, it seems to
me, with any good reason, be claimed that for
that reason a member of Congress should be ex-
empt from the operation of the law.
The other reason urged by the sitting member
why this time should be extended was, that the
contestant,in his notice served upon him, covered
the period of sixty days provided by the law;
that the contestant gave notice of his intention to
take testimony during that whole period; and that
he, the sitting member, in consequence thereof,
was unable to take testimony on account of the
time being preoccupied by the contestant.
Upon this point the committee were of opinion,
and I think with good reason, that the law con-
templated that either party may go on and take
testimony at the same time that it is being taken
by the other paity. While it limits the taking
of testimony by either party at one place alone,
it allows each party, by the fair terms of its con-
struction, to go forward and take testimony in
his own behalf. If this construction is correct,
then it is no good reason for the extension of time,
that the contestant covered the whole period with
the notices in his own behalf.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question just at this point, I wish to know
whether the contestant did not claim, pending the
sixty days, the other construction? that is, that
he was not bound by notices given at the time
covered by his own notices; and whether he did
not refuse to recognize the validity of them ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I understand that
the sitting memberalleges that the contestant did
so claim; but I will say that, with what either
party claimed, we have nothing to do. We are
construing a law of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether the contestant, in his answer before
the committee, did not so contend ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I concede that it is
stated that the contestant did tell the sitting mem-
ber that he ought to be aware it was necessary
that the testimony should be closed in sixty days.
That is the very reason why the sitting member
should go forward and take the testimony within
the sixty days. So far from its being a reason in
support ofjiis not taking the testimony, it was a
direct notice to him that his time was limited to
sixty days, and that he sljould be vigilant in
watching his rights.
1 have endeavored to show the two reasons
upon which the sitting member claims this exten-
sion of time. I think there were sufficient reasons
to govern the committee in coming to the conclu-
sion to which they have arrived, and they submit
their decjsion to the decision of the House.
I may as well say, if there are any gentlemen
who desire to discuss this question, as it is some-
what in the nature of a precedent, concerning the
effect of this law, I am willing that a fair range of
discussion shall take place. I am not disposed to
call the previous question upon the resolution re-
ported by the committee, until aftera fair expres-
sion of the feelings of the House in the discus-
sion.
I do not, myself, propose to occupy any more
time at present.
Mr. GILMER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise for
the purpose of discussing this question at length;
but being a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions, and therefore possessing, perhaps, more
information than some other gentlemen, I deem
it due to both parties to state this case as fairly
and as impartially as I can from my recollection
of it.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, if thi^is not a-
case in which the discretion of thisHouse can be
exercised as to granting means of taking this sup-
plementary testimony, then that portion of the
legislation of Congress is entirely nugatory, and
not worth anything at all. We are without pre-
cedents in this case, so' far as I have been' able to
ascertain, unless you may concede that the decis- .
ion of our Committee of Elections is sufficiently
imposing to be treated as a precedent in guiding"
this House in the action they may take upon this
subject.
Why, sir, we have a case befofe that commit-
tee in which notice was given regularly, and ac-
cording to law, so decided by the committee—I
allude to the Nebraska contested-"election case—
and the answer came in just as it has in this case.
In that case the sitting member had rid Congress'
to attend, no court to attend; he went about his
own matters of business; he went upon a pleasure
trip to visit his friends. Notices were given and
left at his house, according to law, and the testi-
mony taken and closed. But hardly without his
asking for time, and merely upon stating, that if
the committee deemed the testimony so taken as
regular, he desired to take additional testimony,
his request was granted. I believe it maybe
said that neither side formally asked for leave. It
was the desire of the parties to take the testimony,
and the Committee of Elections decided in that
case that it was a fair and proper case for giving
this leave to take supplementary testimony. I
concurred with the committee in that decision.
Well, how is it in this case, Mr. Speaker?
Here was a gentleman confined in the discharge
of his official duties in the Congress of the United
States. The gentleman from Illinois, over the
way, [Mr. Harris,] thinks that that is no excuse
—no reason why he should not have been in Ohio,
either in person or by an agent, and have attended
to the taking of testimony. Sir, I think there is
a vast difference between an ordinary case of being
a member of Congress, so far as the excuse is con-
cerned, and this case. The gentleman [Mr. Camp-
bell] was not then holding a seat that was dis-
puted. He was then occupying a seat to which'
it was conceded he had been legitimately, prop-
erly, and constitutionally elected. He was there
by virtue of an election which had taken place two
years before, when, in a contest between him-
self and the present contestant, he was elected by
a large majority, and I conceive that it was his
bounden duty to be here. He had not only been
elected then by an overwhelming majority over
the present contestant, but even two years before
that, he had been elected by the same people, by
a very large majority. But now, when it is a mat-
ter of doubt whether he ought to be occupying
the seat, or whether Mr. Vallandigham ought to
occupy the seat, it is a very different case, be-
cause we have not yet decided, and this House
has not decided, whether the sitting member is
properly here, or whether the man who claims
his seat is entitled to it. If the occupation of his
time by the business of the House under this last
election, ora similar one, had been plead as areason
why he could not be in attendance on the taking
of testimony, and the proper examination of wit-
nesses, it would have been an entirely diffeient
thing.
Now, sir, when was this election announced?
I mean officially announced. Never untii after
the" sitting member was bound to be here as a
member of the House. The notice that his seat
was going to be contested was given in the usual
time. The answer was returned in the usual time.
The taking of depositions by the contestant was
commenced on the 2d day of February, 3857, and
the contestant occupied, virtually, the whole time
from that date up to the 28th of March, when the
sixty days expired. The sitting member was
here attending the sessions of Congress; he was
chairman of one of the most important commit-
tees of this House, the Committee of Ways and
Means; two distinguished members of that com-
mittee were absent, one from sickness and the
other from some other cause; and, sir, in addition
to that, his family were sick, and one of his col-
leagues died. He could not get home earlier than
the 19th day of March, thus having only from
that dav up to the 28th of March. And yet, sir,
it is said that that is no reason why we should
allow additional testimony to be taken, so that
we may learn exactly how the case stands, and
