1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
sissippi to the starting point, in order to begin your
road, in that case it would be a matter of econ-
omy to make a road to your starting point in
order to begin. Hence, in my opinion, it would
be an act of folly to think of starting a railroad to
the Pacific at a point eight hundred or a thousand
miles in the interior, away from any connection
with navigable water, or with other railroads al-
ready in existence.
For these reasons we agreed in the bill to com-
mence on the Missouri river. "When you indi-
cate that river, a little diversity of opinion arises
as to what point on the river shall be selected.
There arc various respectable, thriving towns on
either bank of the river, each of which thinks it
is the exact position where the road ought to com-
mence". I suppose that Kansas City, Wyandott,
Weston, Leavenworth, Atchison, Platte's Mouth
City, Omaha, De Soto, Sioux City, and various
other towns whose names have not become fa-
miliar to us, and have found no resting place on
the map, each thinks that it has the exact place
where the road should begin. Well, sir, I do
not desire to have any preference between these
towns; either of them would suit me very well;
and we leave it to the contractors to say which
shall be-the one. We leave the exact eastern ter-
minus open, for the reason that the public inter-
ests will be substantially as well served by the
selection of the one as the other. It is not so at
the western terminus. San Francisco does not
occupy that relation to the towns on the Pacific
coast that these little towns on the Missouri river
do to the country east of the Missouri. The
public have no material interest in the question
whether it shall start at the mouth of the Kansas,
at Weston, at Leavenworth, at St. Joseph, at
Platte's Mouth, or at Sioux City. Either connects
with the greatlines;either would be substantially
central as between north and south. So far as I
am concerned, I should not care a sixpence which
of those towns was selected as the starting point,
because they start thereupon a plain that stretches
for eight hundred miles, and can connect with the
whole railroad system of the country. You can
go directly west. You can bend to the north and
connect with the northern roads, or bend to the
south and connect with the southern roads.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] would
be satisfied, as I understand, with the termini, if
we had selected one intermediate point, so as to
indicate the route that should be taken between
the termini. I understand that he would be sat-
isfied if we should indicate that it should go south
of Santa Fe, so as to include as the probable route
the Albuquerque route, or the one on the thirty-
fifth parallel, or the one south of it. Sir, I am free
to say that, individually, I should have no objec-
tion to the route indicated by the Senator from
Georgia. I have great faith that the Albuquerque
route is an exceedingly favorable one; favorable
in its grades, in the shortness of its distances, in
its climate, the absence of deep snow, and in the
topography of the country. While it avoids very
steep grades, it furnishes perhaps as much of
grass, of Umber, of water, of materials necessary
for the construction and repair of the road, if not
more than any other route. As a northern man,
living upon the great line of the lakes, you cannot
indicate a route that I think would subserve our
interests, and the great interests of this country,
better than that; yet, if I expressed the opinion
that the ling ought to go on that route between the
termini, some other man would say it ought to go
on Governor Stevens's extreme northern route;
some oneelse would sayitought togo on the South
Pass route; and we should divide the friends of
the measure as to the point at which the road
should pass the mountains—whether at the ex-
treme north, at the center, the Albuquerque route,
or the further southern one down in Arizona—and
we should be unable to decide between ourselves
which was best.
I have sometimes thought that the extreme
northern route, known as the Stevens' route, was
the best, as furnishing better grass, more timber,
more water, more of those elements necessary in
constructing, repairing, operating, and maintain-
ing a road, than any other. I think now that the
preference, merely upon routes, is between the
northern or Stevens'route on the one side, and the
Albuquerque route on the other. Still, as I never
expect to put a dollar of money into the road, as
I never expect to have any agency or connection
with or ihterest in it, I am willing to leave the
selection of the route between the termini to those
who are to put their fortunes, and connect their
character, with the road, and to be responsible,
in the most tender of all points, if they make a
mistake in the selection. But for these consider-
ations, I should have cheerfully yielded to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Georgia, to fix the
crossing point on the Rio Grande river.
But, sir, I am unwilling to lose this great meas-
ure-merely because of a difference of opinion as
to what shall be the pass selected in the Rocky
Mountains through which the road shall run. I
believe it is a great national measure. I believe it is
the greatest practical measure now pending before
the country. I believe that we have arrived at that
period in our history when our great substantial
interests require it. The interests of commerce,
the great interests of travel and communication—
those still greater interests that bind the Union
together, and are to make and preserve the con-
tinent as one and indivisible—all demand thatthis
road shall be commenced, prosecuted, and com-
pleted, at the earliest practicable moment.
I am unwilling to postpone the bill until next
December. I have seen these postponements from
session to session, for the last eight or ten years,
with the confident assurance eVery year that at
the next session we should have abundance of
time to take up the bill and act upon it. Sir, will
you be better prepared at the next session than
now ? We have now the whole summer before
us, drawing our pay, and proposing to perform
no service. Next December you will have but
ninety days, with all the unfinished business left
over, your appropriation bills on hand, and not
only the regular bills, but the new deficiency bill;
and you will postpone this measure again, for the
want of time to consider it then. I think, sir, we
had better grapple with the difficulties that sur-
round this question now, when it is fairly before
us, when we have time to consider it, and when
I think we can act upon it as dispassionately, as
calmly, as wisely, as we shall ever be able to do.
I have been sorry to see the question of sec-
tional advantages broughtintothisdiscussion. If
you are to have but one road, fairness and justice
would plainly indicate that that one should be lo-
cated as near the center as practicable. The Mis-
souri river is as near the center and the line of
this road is as near as it can be made; and if there
is but one to be made, the route now indicated, in
my opinion, is fair, is just, and ought to be taken.
I have "heretofore been of the opinion that we
ought to have three roads: one in the center, one
in the extreme south, and one in the extreme
north. If I thought we could carry the three, and
could execute them in any reasonable time, I
would now adhere to that policy and prefer it; but
I have seen enough here during this session of
Congress to satisfy me that but one can pass, and
to ask for three at this time is to lose the whole.
Believing that that is the temper, that that is the
feeling, and, I will say, the judgment, of the mem-
bers of both Houses of Congress, I prefer to take
one road rather than to lose allin the vain attempt
to get three. If there were to be three, of course
the one indicated in this bill would be the central;
one would be north of it, and another south of it.
But if there is to be but one, the central one should
be taken; for the north, by bendin  a little down
south, can join it; and the south, by leaning a little
to the north, can unite with it too; and our south-
ern friends ought to be able to bend and lean a
little, as well as to require us to bend and lean ail
the time, in order to join them. The central po-
sition is the just one, if there is to be but one road.
The concession should be as much on the one side
as on the other. I am ready to meet gentlemen
half way on every question that does not violate
principle, and they ought not to ask us to meet
them more than half way where there is fio prin-
i ciple involved, and nothing but expediency.
! Then, sir, why not unite upon this bill? We
are told it is going to involve the Government of
the United States in countless millions of expend-
iture. How is that? Certainly not under this
bill, not by authority of this bill,not without vio-
lating this bill. The bill under consideration pro-
vides that when a section of the road shall be made,
the Government may advance a portion of the
lands, and $12,500 per mile in bonds on the sec-
tion thus made, in order to aid in the construction
of the next, holding a lien upon the road for the re-
funding of the money thus advanced* Under thia
bill it is not possible that the contractors 6an ever
obtain more than $12,500 per mile on eaeh-mile of
the road that is completed. It is, therefore, very
easy to compute the cost to the Government.
Take thelength of the road in miles, and multiply
it by $12,500, and you have the cost. If you make
the computation, you will find it will come to a
fraction over twenty million dollars. The limit-
ation in the bill is, that in no event shall it exceed
$25,000,000. Therefore, by the terms of the bill,
the undertaking of the Government is confined to
$25,000,000;aiid,by the calculation, it will be lesa
than that sum. Is that a sum that would bank-
rupt the Treasury of the United States?
I predict to you now, sir, that the Mormon
campaign has cost, and has led to engagements
and undertakings that, when redeemed, will cost
more than twenty-five million dollars, if not dou-
ble that sum. During the last six months, on ac-
count of the Mormon rebellion, expenses have
been paid, and undertakings have been assumed,
which will cost this Government more than the
total expenditure which can possibly be made in
conformity with the provisions of this bill. If
you had had this railroad made you would have
saved the whole cost which the Government is to
advance in this little Mormon war alone. If you
have a general Indian war in the mountains, it
will cost you twice the amount called for by this
bill. If you should have a war with a European
Power, the construction of this road would save
twenty-fold its cost in the transportation of troops
and munitions of war to the Pacificocean, incar-
rying on your operations.
In an economical point of view, I look upon it
as a wise measure. It is one of economy as a war
measure alone, or as a peace measure for the pur-
pose of preventing a war.- Whether viewed asa
war measure, to enable you to check rebellion in
a Territory, or hostilities with tne Indians, or to
carry on vigorously a war with a European Power,
or viewed as a peace measure, it is a wise policy,
dictated by every consideration of public conve-
nience and public good.
Again, sir, in carrying the mails, it is an eco-
nomical measure. As the Senator from Georgia
has demonstrated, the cost of carrying the mails
alone to the Pacific ocean for thirty years, under
the present contracts, is double the amount of the
whole expenditure under this bill for the same
time in the construction an<i working of the road.
In the transportation of mails., then, it would save
twice its cost. The transportation of Army and
Navy supplies would swell the amount three or
four-fold. How many years will it be before the
Government will receive back, m transportation,
the whole cost of this advance of aid in the con-
struction of the road?
But, sir, some gentlemen think it is an unsound
policy leading to the doctrine of internal improve-
ments by the Federal Government within the
different States of the Union. We are told we
must confine the road to the limits of the Terri-
tories, and not extend it into the States, becausc it
is supposed that entering a State with this con-
tract violates some great principle of State rights.
Mr. President, the committee considered that
proposition, and they avotded that objection, m
the estimation of the most strict, rigid, tight-laced
State-rights men that we have in the body. We
struck out the provision in the bill first drawn,
that the President should contract for the con-
struction of a railroad from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean; and followed an example that
we found on the statute-book, for carrying the
mails from Alexandria to Richmond, Virginia—
an act passed about the time when the resolu-
tions of 1798 weie passed, and the report of 1799
was adopted—an act that we thought came ex-
actly within the spirit of those resolutions. That
act, according to my recollection, was, that the
Department be authorized to contract for the
transportation of the United States mail by four
horse post-coaches, with closed backs, so as to
protect it from the weather and rain, from Alex-
andria to Richmond, in the State of Virginia. It
occurred to this committee that if it had been the
custom, from the beginning of this Government
to this day, to make contracts for the transpor-
tation of the mails in four horse post-coacbes,
built in a particular manner, and the contractor
left to furnish Ins own coaches and his own
horses, and his own means of transportation, we
