THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
eral Land Office for 1856-57, that the General
Government has now expended in the surveys of
lands in California, in field work, $1,000,000, for
which some twenty thousand miles, including
nine million acres or land, were surveyed during
that year—that is during the fiscal year ending
the 3uth of June, 1857.
It will be remembered by the Senate that.in a
previous discussion on the subject of the payment
of deficiencies arising on account of puoiic sur-
veys in California, it was stated that the deputies
had proceeded beyond the limits of their contracts;
or, in other words, that their contracts were gen-
eral; that they were without limit as to time, and
they had surpassed the amount of money granted
by Congress to pay for these surveys because
they had traveled many miles into the interior of
the country; they had traveled into the depths of
the pine forests, f think it was said, in the execu-
tion of these surveys, so that the work could not
be readily arrested. Now, sir, as these deputy
surveyors were not forced to execute the contract,
as it was a voluntary contract entered into between
them and the General Government, and which
doubtless would have been canceled, at their re-
quest, the fact that they surveyed a sufficient
amount of land to amount to $220,000 beyond the
money appropriated, is proof conclusive, to my
mind, that it was paying work. If this work Had
not been paying work to the contractors, they
would notthus have proceeded beyond the amount
of the money appropriated by Congress; and es-
pecially will this appear to be true from the state-
ment that these contracts were not continuous
contracts, as was stated in the Senate-Chamber
some time since. I had the curiosity to go to the
General Land Office and examine them, and I
ascertained that they were mere duplicates of the
contracts used in my own State and the States of
the Northwest, which tetminated on the 4th of
March succeeding their date, and, if I remember
correctly, consequently the extension of the dura-
tion of each contract must have been through the
solicitation of the deputy himself, as is often the
case in my own district.
From these facts it is evident that those depu-
ties solicited the extension of the time that they
might increase the quantity of work, at the rate
then paid,which was about fifteen dollars per mile.
It is known to every one that the price of labor and
price of subsistence in California is lower now
than it was at that time; and if the work could be
executed far in the interior, in the heavy pineries,
for fifteen dollars a mile, it is evident that it can
he executed in and around the settlements for the
same now. If I were satisfied that there was a ne-
cessity for increasing the pay, I would vote it cheer-
fully; but with the knowledge I have on the sub-
ject I do notbeheve ltis necessary. On the other
hand, 1 believe that any depuiy would take the
whole contract for a much less price than that
now allowed by law. I believe it could be done
for ten dollars a mile, and that men could amass
immense fortunes at such a rate.
Mr. GW1N. The Senator from Iowa says it is
well known that the compensation of labor and
the expense of living are cheaper now than in 1856.
I should like to know his authority for that state-
ment.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose it to be true from
the general facts on that subject. The, cost of
labor and provisions is lower now than it was a
year since, in all the Atlantic and interior States,
and I suppose the same to be true in California.
I will make this additional remark since I am up.
The lands in Iowa have been principally surveyed
for 75 a mile. There is a vast disparity between
$2 75 and fifteen dollars. I have been told by my
colleague here, who acted as surveyor general in
that district for some time, that the average max-
imum paid in that district has been six dollars a
mile. Between six and fifteen dollars there is a
very large margin—two hundred and fifty per
cent.—for California now, under the law, above
the highest price paid in the surveying district in
which I live.
Mr. GYVIN. I have resided a little while in
California. I was there in 1856 and in 1857, but
I have not been there in 1858. I have no evidence,
and I have never seen any, that the prices of labor
and the prices of living have decreased there since
last year. I was a housekeeper there at that time.
1 know that the expenses of living are infinitely
beyond what they are here, I was a housekeeper
there in 1857; and, although rents had fallen
greatly from what they formerly were, (and prob-
ably there is more difference in this item of ex-
pense than any other,) yet the rents I paid there
were larger than I pay here for a house with four
times the accommodation. I will state, further-
more, that the revulsion which crushed every-
thing in the Atlantic States last year has produced
no effect there. The rents in California are as
high as they were a year ago, and I believe that
the prices of provisions rule the same as a year
ago, as the commercial tables will show. In ad-
dition to that, I was applied to, only yesterday,
by a gentleman who has recently been appointed
to command the navy-yard in California, who
informed me that the present commandantof that
yard is now paying upwards of one thousand
dollars for the hire of two servants. Theexpensfi*
of living in California is controlled by the price
of labor in the mines, and that has been the
foundation of the high prices there from the first.
The labor in 'the mining regions, since 1849-50,
has been reduced, but it now stands at from two
to five dollars a day. The expenses there for
servant hire, it is well known, range from thirty
to sixty dollars a month. I have paid that my-
self for years and years. The cost of living in
California, so far as my information and experi-
ence go, has changed but little within the last two
years, especially within the time stated by the
Senator from Iowa.
But, sir', the question is in regard to the deputy
surveyors and their expenses. The bill to which
the Senator from Iowa referred has passed, and I
do not wish to bring it up; but here is the fact
that I wish to bring to the notice of the Senate.
Before the acquisition of California there never
was a surveyor in that territory. It was a semi-
civilizcd government. Mexico never sent a sur-
veyor there. There never was a scientific official
line run, and it is a matter of great difficulty ex-
actly to ascertain the meaning of grants, and the
precise location of the claims. It has to be done
on taking testimony, and it is an exceedingly dif-
ficult and important question to determine. It
requires a great deal of time to take testimony.
There is a great deal of uncertainty in regard to !
boundaries between private claims and also the
public domain, and the lands are immensely val-
uable. For instance: one of these claimants owns
a tract of land covering a league, m which is in-
cluded the county seat of one of our richestagri-
cultural counties, and the surveyor would notget
more than two hundred dollars for surveying it.
He stated himself to me, within the last few days,
that it was impossible, at present rates, to survey i
that land; yet it is worth one hundred dollars an [
acre, and it must he surveyed with great accu-
racy. The owner is renting the lands at ten dol-
lars an acre, and this shows its value, and also
the value of labor.
I do not wish to continue the discussion. I .
know it is of great consequence to my constitu- I
ents to have these private claims separated from ,
the public domain. We have the testimony of ;
all the officers of this Government connected with j
this service, that this is necessary; and on that |
alone I base my action. I do not bring it in as '
personal to myself, but in view of the many ben- ,
efits which will result to the people of California !
from a speedy survey of these lands, that they
may be actually relieved from all controversy in i
regard to the lmes. j
Mr. BRODERICK. I have stated here more
than once that the price of living had fallen in Cal-
ifornia; and that the price of labor had fallen, al-
though, I believe, labor is better rewarded there
than in any other State of the Union. In 1850,
mechanics received from sixteen to twenty dol-
lars a day; in 1852, they received ten dollars; they
now receive from four to five dollars a day. Serv-
ants' hire there, it is true, is very high; but not
so high as my colleague sa}^.
Mr. GIVIN. I stated what I paid.
Mr. BRODERICK. Well, sir, I think it costs
my colleague a thousand per cent, more to live
here than it costs him in California. The rent of
a house, I acknowledge, is there very high, but
not one half higher than it is here. But, sir, us
I stated a few minutes since, I do not wish to as-
sume the responsibility of defeating this amend-
ment. The Secretary of the Interior will tell the
surveyor general to shut his office, and the peo-
ple will be told that the Senator from California
Frevented them from-having their land surveyed,
want to obviate that difficulty. I am very anx-
ious that the public lands should be exposed for
sale in California, and they will not be exposed
forsale, I understand, until the private land claims
are surveyed. I hope the Senate will see the po-
sition I am in, and allow the Government to pay
this additional ten dollars out of the Treasury, for
the benefit of the private land claimants in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. DAVIS. The debate must have suggested
to other minds, as it has to my own, the inquiry
whether we are not pursuing a bad method of
surveying in California. Soon after the admis- -
sion of California, before any Government sur-
veys had been commenced, a knowledge of the
fact that grants had been made, and that a large
portion of the land would not be brought into
market for a remote period, perhaps might never
be purchased at private sale by entry, caused a
proposition to be submitted to the Senate at that
time, that instead of pursuing the old method of
survey, we should adopt one, which was real and
true, and which would save the vast expense that
is now described—the geodetic method, the filling
up of the primary triangulations to be delayed
where the land was worthless, and to be filled up
immediately where the land was covered with
private claims, or where it was valuable. It is
an exact method by which, where land was very
valuable, as in the case of heavy gold deposits,
the line would be run so accurately that there
would be no future contest as to where that
line was. It was known then, as now, that the
present method could only progress by survey-
ing from base lines regularly on, surveying the
mountains and the deserts as well as the land
which was to be inhabited, that it must take a
long term of years before it could be completed.
It was known then as well as it is now, that the
method had inherent hazards in it, that it pro-
ceeded upon the false supposition that the earth
was a plane instead of a spheroid, which the sur-
veyors correct from time to time as they progress
north; butt the error still remains, being inherent
in the method. Before any Government surveys
were commenced in California, it would have
been an easy method to have adopted a plan
which was accurate, which was founded upon a
just theory,which would have diminished
the expense perhaps a hundred fold. The Sena-
tors from California can tell how far that method
might now be applied to the surveys in Califor-
nia, but at the present rate of survey the expense
involved seems to me to be so great that we had
better give away the land than survey it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Mississippi
knows that I was in favor ofthat mode ofsurveying
lands when it was suggested here eightyears ago.
It was adopted; but, 1 may say, unfortunately, it
was left to the decision of the Department whether
they should take that or the present system; and
I will say further, unfortunately, they have adopt-
ed the present system, and I think it would be
impossible to incorporate one into the other at
this time. At that time it would have been'easy
to have adopted the geodetic method. I will say
further to the Senator, as evidence of my belief in
the system which he then suggested, that it has,
under a proposition made by me, been applied to
the survey of the islands on our coast, by the
coast survey, for some years past.
Mr. HUNTER. I was originally against the
amendment, and voted against it, but I was in-
formed by the Secretary of the Interior that he
had ordered the surveyors not to take fees fjom
the private land claimants themselves; and if they
were not allowed to take fees they could not exe-
cute these surveys at fifteen dollars a mile; and
under that information I was somewhat disposed
to change my vote until I heard the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] say that in Louisiana
it had been tried, and it was not found that it led
to frauds. I am rather disposed to see that re-
striction removed from the private land claimants
than to increase the price of surveying the public
lands so largely as this amendment proposes to
do. I do not see why we may not do it. If the
officers are well selected, they may be trusted in
this regard, and if not they could be operated upon
by bribes at any rate. If we are to give twenty-
five dollars a mile, we ought surely to prohibit
them from receiving fees from private land claim-
ants. I may, therefore, vote for the amendment
