1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
the bill is not of such a private nature as entitles
it to be reported this morning.
Mr. SEWARD. Upon the principle, I sup-
pose, that a State cannot hold a private claim.
SAMUEL W. TURNER AND OTHERS.
Mr. HORTON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for
the relief of Samuel W.Turner and Alvin A.Tur-
ner; which was read a-first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
JOB STAFFORD.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of!
Job Stafford, of the State of New York; which ;
was read a first and second time, referred to a j
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the j
report, ordered to be printed.. ;
ELIZABETH M'BRIER. j
Mr. AYERY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth McBrier, I
only surviving child and heir of Colonel Archi-1
bald Loughrey, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the House le-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I earnestly hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I cannot do it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Only half of the commit-
tees have reported. The desks of members are
full of .reports. I hope the motion will be voted
down, and I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Scales and
Buss were appointed.
The House was divided; and the committee re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 70.
So the motion was disagreed to.
JOHN B. HAND.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back an act (S. No. 136)
for the relief of the heirs of John B. Hand, with
the recommendation that it do pass; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
TREATIES WITH THE CHEROKEES.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 270) to exe-
cute the treaties of 1817 and 1819 with the Cher-
okees, by making provision for the reservations
under the same, with the recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
THOMAS J. ASHBURY.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of Thomas J. Ashbury; which was laid upon the
table, and the report ordered to be printed.
JESSE MORRISON.
Mr. REAGAN, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of Jesse Morrison; which was laid upon the ta-
ble, and the report ordered to be printed.
M. M. MARMADUKE AND OTHERS.
Mr. WOODSON, fiom the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of M.
M. Marmaduke and others; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompany report,
ordered to be printed.
MAJOR JEREMIAH Y. DASHIELL.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back an act (S. No. 202)
for the relief of Major Jeremiah Y. Dashiell, pay-
master in the United States Army, and asked that
it be put on its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department,
in setihng the accounts of Major Jeremiah Y.
Dashiell, paymaster in the United States Army,
to credit him in the sum of $23,115, that being
the amount of public money accidentally lost by
him on the 1st of May, 1857, in attempting to
cross the bar of Indian river, Florida, for the pur-
pose of paying the' troops at Fort Capron, in that
State.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope that that
bill will not be put on'its passage at this time. Let
the committees be called on for reports, and this
bill take its chance with all others.
Mr. QUITMAN. I feel it to be my duty, for
public as well as private reasons, to press this bill.
It is universally testified that this officer of the
Army, when he had public money in custody, did
his whole duty; yet he stands now in a state of
quasi-suspension, in consequence of a deficit in
his accounts. How this deficit occurred, the re-
port will explain; and it will explain, too, that he
is not in the least blamable. The paymaster,
as well as the War Department, desires that he
should be placed in active duty; and there is no
reason why the bill should not be passed. I am
sure that when the report is read, there can be no
debate or objection to the bill. Ithasreceived the
sanction of the Military Committee of this House
and the Military Committee of the Senate. In the
opinion of all, the reputation of this officer is en-
hanced by the strenuous exertions he made to
save this public money. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to listen to the report.
The report was read. It states that the troops
stationed on and near Indian river in Florida were
in arrears of pay from two to six months in April,
1857; that Major Dashiell, in due performance of
his duty as paymaster of the district, drew from
the assistant treasurer at Charleston, South Car-
olina, $23,115, which was placed ma leathern bag,
ordinarily used by him for this purpose, and put
in charge of an escort; that there were two routes
by which to reach his place of destination, (Fort
Capron, Florida,) one by sea,and the other (the
river route) partly by land and partly by water;
and that the latter route, owing to the shallowness
of the water, as well as to certain outrages and
massacres which had been lately perpetrated by
the Indians in that vicinity, was considered not
only unsafe, but impracticable. Major Dashiell,
therefore took the only alternative, and proceeded \
by sea, in the schooner William and John, to the j
mouth of Indian river; arrived there, and acting j
under the advice of the captain of the vessel, who
had six years5 experience of the bar at the mouth
of the liver, he, with his son, proceeded to land.
The bag containing the funds, which was duly
identified by size, weight, and appearance, was
lowered into the boat, being taken for that pur-
pose from the iron safe in which it had been de-
posited. The bar, as appears from the officers of
several vessels who were present, was in a favor-
able state for landing; and that it was so consid-
ered by Major Dashiell , appears from the fact that
himself and son unhesitatingly accompanied the
treasure in its transit to the shore.
It further appears that, while crossing the bar,
the yawl boat which contained the party was sud-
denly capsized by a cross-breaker, and the bag
containing the funds sunk. Major Dashiell, bis
son, and the crew, after clinging to the bottom of
the boat for more than an hour, in imminent peril,
were rescued by the boat of one of the vessels near
by. Immediately after his rescue he applied for
a guaul to watch the spot, which was furnished
by the commanding officer of the post, and took
promptaud active measures to recover the money.
A large leward was offered, and the most strenu-
ous and constant endeavors made by the major
and others to recover the treasure; but, owing to
the high winds and heavy seas which then pre-
vailed for several days, these attempts met with
no success; and he was finally compelled, with
reluctance, to abandon the search. The guard,
however, remained, and the attempts to recover
the funds were continued by the commanding
officer of the post, but without a favorable result.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have but a few woids to
say upon this bill. The memorial came in at an
eaily period of the session, and was promptly-
reported upon favorably by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. Subsequently, the bill now under
consideration came in from the Senate.
The testimony establishes, beyond all dispute,
the high character of this officer, and his import-
ance and usefulness in his department, and also
that this money was lost by an inevitable accident.
The sole question for the House to determine is,
whether a public officer, having in custody the
funds of the United States, and tosing them by
an inevitable accident, shall be held responsible
for the amount. I hope the bill will be passed,
because the officer cannot return to his duty until
it is passed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I must insist on
my motion that the bill be referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House. I have no particular
objection to the bill, but if we permit bills to be
put upon their passage 'as soon as reported, we
shall involve ourselves in difficulty.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope not. What will be
the consequence ? The consequence will be that
a valuable officer will be kept from the line of his
duty at a period when we require the services of
all public officers. I hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 suggest
to the gentleman to call the previous question.
That will bring us to a direct vote.
Mr. QUITMAN. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion of Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, was dis-
agreed to—ayes 44, noes 81.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;and
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motiori was agreed to.
BREVET MAJOR DONALDSON.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 145) for the
relief of Brevet Major James L. Donaldson, quar-
termaster United States Army; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, oidered to be
printed.
ADMINISTRATOR OF HORATIO BOULTBEE.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
the administrator of Horatio Boultbee; winch was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with theaccom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. BUFF1NTON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Ange-
line C. Bowman; whicl^was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MWOK BENJAMIN ALFORD.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, Senaie bill (No. 94) for
the relief of Major Benjamin Alford, paymaster
in the United States Army; it was laid on the
table, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report in the case of Benjamin
D. Hyane; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed. '
WILLIAM B. DODD.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William B. Dodd;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, anil, with
\ the report, ordered to be printed.
' ELEAZER WILLIAMS.
1 Mr. PENDLETON also,from the same Com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Eleazer
; Wilitams; which was read a firstand second time,
j referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
j ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same com-
mittee, presented an adverse report on the me-
morial of F. W. Lander; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the same committee,
also presented adverse reports on the memorial
of Lieutenant J. C. McTuran, and of citizens of
Iowa, offering a regiment of volunteers for Utah;
which were severally laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF WILLIAM B. DRAPER.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine, from the Committee
