2676
TUB CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
Jufte 3j
will not say that I will not vote for it if it comes
as a private claim'; but I say that it is an attempt,
because it connects a thing that is in order with
one that is not in order, to make them both in
order, and for that very reason it is out of order.
Mr'. IVERSON. To show that this has been
held to be not out of tfrder, I will read precisely
a similar case. In 1855, the Senate had under
consideration, in Committee of the Whole, the
bill making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending'the 30th of June, 1856. To thatan amend-
ment was offered:
" That t!ie Secretary of the Treasury pay to M. C. Perry,
of the United States Navy, the extraordinary expenses in-
curred by him on his recent mission to Japan,&.e. " And
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay to
■RobertC- Schenk, as minister, full compensation while em-
ployed as such."
It also covered Pendleton's case. That was
back pay. A point of order was raised there, and
on the decision of the^enate, it was ruled in, and
the amendment passed.
Mr. GREEN. We all know that.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt there are pre-
cedents of this kind; but I think the amendment
is out of order. Suppose it had been proposed
naming the individual alone who has been men-
tioned by the honorable Senator from Georgia;
can there be a doubt that that would be anything
more than a private claim, whether urged as a
gratuity, or as appealing to the sense of equity
and justice of the Senate? I mean to make no
objection otherwise than as a question of order.
If it included only a single individual there could
not be a doubt; can there be a doubt that it is a
private claim because it chooses to classify that
individual with others, and to apply to retrospect-
ive service a compensation which the parties are
not entitled to under existing law? Whether it
is on the ground of equity or the ground of legal
right, you say the parties ought to receive tins
because the law was not broad enough to mciude
them, and ought to have been broad enough; yet
it is nothing but doing equity to the parties, and
it is a private claim. If the rule of the Senate is
right, you must maintain it altogether; and how-!
ever proper it may be to make this compensation i
in a different form, it is not proper to attach it to j
an appropriation bill. If you admit it by evasion |
in one case, necessarily it'will lead toothers; and !
the contrivances of language will enable you to !
have constant debates in order to elude your own
rule. Repeal the rule, if you choose; but, if you
mean to adhere to it, do so in good faith.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this is to pass, I desire
to move an amendment, that no foreign minister
or diplomatic agent who shall have received his
outfit shall receive the benefit of this provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator, that, at this time, the amend-
ment is not in order; there being an amendment
to an amendment now pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the amendment
will not prevail; for I understand it extends to
those who have received their provision under
the old compensation act.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall decide the
question of order. It is time we were closing up
this bill. We are getting on very slowly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment is proposed by the Senator from Georgia to
provide '' That all diplomatic and salaried consu-
lar officers who were appointed under an act on-;
titled an act,"&c. The effect of the amendment, !
as it appears on the face of it, is to increase the I
pay of those oiKcers and to ante-date the increase i
of file pay. The Chair decides that that is not a j
private claim within the meaning of the rule. The ,
Senator from Missouri appeals from that deeis- i
ion. The question is: "Shaft the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?" :
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained. . !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question :
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia j
to the amendment. I
Mr. HUNTER. If we adopt this, we shall ;
have to apply the principle to other officers who '
are not allowed to be paid until they get to their ,
posts of duty. That is the case with Indian agents
and Governors of Territories, and there are many '
other officers who come within this category. j
Mr. IVERSON. They get their salaries fiom i
the time of appointment. I
Not the Indian agents, I
Mr. HUNTER.
think. . '
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question,
and decided that the amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected. -
Mr. IVERSON. I call for a division. ["Too
late."] I will state that my amendment is better
than the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
for the reason that it restricts the operations of
his amendment. My amendment only gives pay
to those who have gone out since the passage of
the law of 1856. I hope the Senate will indulge
me in a division on my amendment, and then take
the question on it instead of the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will divide the Senate on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. GREEN. I object.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I trust we shall adopt
the amendment as reported by the Senator from
Virginia, from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. I ask for the yeas and nays. .
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YT/AS—13ell, Rigler, Blight, Rrodericlc, Brown,
Canif:ioii. Clav, Dixon, l)oti<r|;w. Fitch, Fitzpamck, Hale,
Hammond, Houston, jvei>on, Malloiy,Mason. Polk, lteid,
SHia-nau. St'waid, Simmons, Thornton of New Jersey,
Wiitfht, and Vulee—-25.
N-W'S Messi*. Allen, Chandler, Chngman, Collamer,
Davis, Duikee,FosNonden, Fo-tei, Green, Ilailan, Havne,
Hunter, .Johnson of Ai Kansas, Johnson of Tennessee. King,
Peaiee, Pugli, Stuait, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] to reconsider the vote
adopting the amendment in regard to disbursing
agents.
Mr. COLLAMER. I made the motion at the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, |Mr. Davis;] butl think that I can explain
what it is. The amendment provides that disburs-
ing agents shall be dispensed with in a certain way,
so that superintendents shall disburse the money
appropriated for the erection of court-houses, cus-
tom-houses, and marine hospitals; and then it
adds," andall other public works." These other
works—the erection of fortifications and barracks,
the public buildings in this District, ifcc.—were
not intended to be included at all. I desire to have
it reconsidered for the purpose of striking out the
words " ainTall otherpubiic works.'' It the gen-
tleman from Mississippi desires more, he can say
so.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be content with that.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike out the
words " and all other public woiks."
Mr. DAVIS. Then how will it read?
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" That the collectors of customs in the several collection
districts be, and tliey aic herehy anil hereafter, leqmrcd to
act as disbursing agenIK lor the payment of all money? that
are, or may lioreattoi tie, uppropi lilted ibr tlie construction
of custom-hounes, coui t-liouses, post offices, tnaiine hos-
pitals, &c. 
The motion to strike out was agreed to; and the
amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I moved, in committee, an
amendment in regard to the sale of public lands
m Kansas Territory. I renew it now in the Sen-
ate; and ask for the yeas and nays on it. It is:
.and be it further cnmlril, That the public lands in the
Territory of Kansas shall not be offered at public sale until
the exp'nation ot one year from and alter the 1st day of
November next.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I only want to remark that it
ought to be an object of the Government to put as
much of their public lands into market as they
can, in order to meet the wants of the Govern-
ment for the next fiscal year.
Mr. DIXON. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, Mr. Toomds, and ask to be
excused from voting on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
YE1S-Messrs. Brodcrick, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
infl, Duikce, Fessemlen, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, K'1
ivicu, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—17.
KAY'S—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biglei, Bt iglit,
Brown, Clay, Chngnian, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatuck, Gieen,
Hammond, llayne, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Fearee, Polk,
PuSti,Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Wright, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. An omission
has occurred in this bill, and I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Printing to offer the
following amendments:
For lithographing and engraving ordered by the Senate,
during the present session, the sum of $45,000.
For-binding documents ordered to be printed by the Sen-
ate during the present session, the sum of $4 0,000.
I will state to the Senate that this subject was
before the Committee on Finance, and for want of
any explanations in regard to it,as I understand,
no appropriation was provided by them. My at-
tention was called to it this morning, and I sub-
sequently instituted some inquiries, and in reply
I have received a letter which I will read to the
Senate:
Office Superintendent Ppblic Printing,
Washington, June 3, 1858.
Sir: I learn from the office of ttie Secretary of the Sen-
ate that no appropriation exists for engraving and lithograph-
in" and tor binding of thp extra numbers of documents or-
dered to be printed during the present session of the Senate.
A veiy considerable quantity of vvoik has already been
ordeicd by the Senate, amounting, for lithographing and
engraving, to the sum of about forty thousand dollars, and
for*binding extra numbers of documents to about twenty
thousand dollars. A very considerable amount, I also un-#
dcrstand, will be required for binding the reserved docu-
ment'! for tho present session of the Senate. I would,-
therefore, recommend that appiopnations be made as fol-
lows, namely:
Foi lithogiaphmg and eneiaving ordeied by the Senate
during the present session, the sum of $45,000.
For binding documents ordered to be printed by the Sen-
ate during the present session, the sum of $40,000.
Veiv respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. W. BOWMAN, Superintendent.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, Chairman Committee on Printing,
United States Senate.
The first item is about five thousand dollars
over what has already been ordered, and I pre-
sume presents a margin that will be entirely filled
by orders that will be made even between now and
the adjournment. For binding documents ordered
to lie printed by the Senate during the present ses-
sion, the sum of $40,000 is needed. About twenty
thousand dollars of work of this sort has already
been ordered by the Senate up to the time of this
letter, and the binding of the reserved documents
will amount to about as much more. It is not
possible that we can do without this appropria-
tion, unless we mean that the documents which
have been ordered by Congress shall go without
binding, and that the documents which require
illustration shall go without illustrations. With
ihis explanation I-ask for the adoption of the
amendments. I have explained them to some
members of the Finance Committee, and I believe
they concur in their necessity.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I havean amendment from the
Committee on Finance:
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for legislative
and coiUmgPnt expenses of Washington Terntory for the
fiscal year Piulinit June 30, 1S57, Ihe sum ot §7,500, 01" so
much thereof as may be ncec.^aiy.
I will ask that a short letter I send to the Chair
may be read. ["No, no."] If there is no objec-
tion, the letter need not be read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a change in an amendment
moved by me, to carry out the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont, about dis-
bursing officers. After "public works," the
words " herein specified" ought to be added.
There being no objection, the amendment was
so modified.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to two amendments I
indicated some time ago, one, striking out $10,000
for the improvement of the Mall, and the other,
§750,000 for the extension of the wings of the
bapitol. I move first to strike out the appropri-
ation for the Mall, and I ask for the yeas and
nays on the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I am not the author of that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is an amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN. It rather belongs to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. I think
if there is any provision called for for public build-
ings and grounds in Washington, this is one, anu
