TPE C0NGREiBl0¥A|, GLOBE:.
February 4,
jtional compensation; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Terryville, Connecticut, pray-
ing that the public lands may be reserved for the
p&e of actual settlers; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of the di-
rectors and faculty of the Farmers' College, Ham-
ilton county, Ohio, praying that land be granted
to'the several States and Territories for the estab-
lishment of agricultural colleges therein; which
wa.s referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a weekly or semi-
weekly mail from Dyersville to Dacotah, in that
State*, which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Sarah M.
Smead, praying that the pension she now receives
may be increased and continued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. S. Devlin, and the peti-
tion of Sarah 9. Hine, on the files of the Senate, be reierieil
to tke Committee on Pensions.
CALL FOR PAPERS.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause to be
transmitted to the Senate the papers of Richard Fitch, of
Ohio, in the Pension Office, on his application, Nos. 260,563,
for bounty land lor his services dating the war of 1812.
DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING.
Mr. STUART submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Resolved, That the Committee on Priming bo instructed
to inquire and report to the Senate what amount ha>. been
paid annually, dunng the last five years, to each of the print-
ing establishments in the city of Washington lor printing
of any kind for the United States other than thatouleredby
either Hou&e of Congie*;-, whether done by the dnccuon of
any Department, or civil or mihtaiy ofheer thereof. AUo,
whether the same has been paid undei the piovisions of the
existing law, and whether any amendment of existing laws
is necessary "in orderto secuie propel economy in the punt-
ing expenditures of the Government, and to xeport by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan to incorporate in this resolution after
the word " printing," the words " and advertis-
er. STUART. I agree to that.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
COAL TRANSPORTS.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested to
communicate to the Senate the number and tonnage of the
Government vessels employed in the Pacific ocean, as well
Government vessels propei, as private vessels empkn od by
Government m tianspoiting eoal or other t-tippiics tor the
United States, and the annual expense theieof, with spe-
cifications in aelail.
DATE OF IMPORTS.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of drhmngmore precisely by
law, whethei, by the date of r-inpmental, or that of depariuie
fiom, foreign port^, the value of merchandise unpoited into
the United States shall be fixed for the purpose of estimat-
ing the dunes thereon.
NEUTRALITY LAWS.
Mr. YULEE. I submit the following:
Ordered, That one thousand five hundred additional copies
of the Senate Report No. 20 be punted for the use of the
Senate.
The report referred to is the report from the
Committee on Foreign Relations on the subject
of the neutrality laws. Although I shall probably
take occasion to express a difference of opinion
with the committee on one or two points in their
report, yet, as the subject is one of considerable
interest, and has been discussed by the committee
with ability, I think it desirable that a larger num-
ber than that which has been furnished should be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The.resolution was referred to the Cpmmittee
on Printing, under the rules.
NAVAL OFFICER FROM TURKEY.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution
of inquiry; and I ask that it may be considered at
this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be in-
structed to inquire whether it is in the contemplation of the
Government of Tuikey to send to this country an officer of
rank in their Navy, with a view to obtain information con-
cerning American improvement in naval architecture and
equipment, and to superintend the construction of one or
more vessels of war for the Turkish Navy at the ship->aids
of tliis eouriuy; and. in such case, whether any, and what
steps should he taken by this Government to manifest its
good will towards the Government of Turkey by giving to
such officer an appropriate reception, and otherwise to fur-
ther the object of his mission.
I will say to the Senate that the resolution is of
course offered after conference with the Secretary
of State. It is understood there by correspond-
ence with our Minister at Constantinople, that
such a minister, I think of the highest rank in the
Turkish Navy, is on his way to this country, the
immediate object of his mission being to have
a vessel, a three-dccker, a first-class ship, con-
structed at one of the ship-yards of the United
States; and the inquiry is, whether it will not
become this Government to further her relations
with Turkey, by giving to that officer such recep-
tion as the Executive may think proper. The
resolution is one of inquiry, and I trust it may
now be considered.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the select commit-
tee to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 45) to
provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the 31st day of July,
1801, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
On his motion, it was made the special order for
Thursday, the 18th of February, instant, at one
o'clock.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the legal representatives of James Bell,
deceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 115) for the relief of the les;al repre-
sentatives of James Bell, deceased. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 124) to
provide for the holding of the stated terms of the
circuit and district courts of the northern and
southern districts of the State of Ohio, and for
other purposes; which was redd twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announc-
ing that the Speaker of the House had signed an
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 63) to supply an omis-
sion in the enrollment of a certain act therein
named; which thereupon received the signature
of the Vice President.
LEGISLATURE OF IOWA ON KANSAS.
Mr. JONES. I desire to present certain reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Iowa; and I ask that
they may be read and printed.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Preamble and Joint Resolution of instruction concerning the
admission of Kam-ub into the Union under the Lecompton
Constitution.
Whereas, application has been made, or is about to be
made, to the Congress of the United States foi the admis-
sion of the pi ebcnt Territory of Kansas into the Union u nder
the instrument known as the Lecompton constitution • and
whereas, among other grave questions arising from said ap-
plication is that piesented by the fact that the convention
which ftamed >>aid instrument refused to submit it tanly to
the people of said Territory for ratification or rejection:
and wheieas, the question thus piesented involves one of
the fundamental principles upon winch oui Governments,
State and National, are all based : and wheieas, it is emi-
nently right and proper that the several States should,
through their Gencial Assemblies, clearly express to their
Senators and Representatives in Congress their opinions
upon such questions : Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Iowa, That our Senators m Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives bo requested, to oppose the admission of
Kansas as one of the States of our Union under the so-called
Lecompton constitution, because among other reasons said
constitution was not submitted by the convention which
framed it to a fair and honest vote of the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas for ratification or rejection.
Resolved, That we condemn the President of the United
States, Senators in Congress, and ail others in authority
under the Constitution of the United States, who hqve ad-
vised or consented to the admission of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be requested to
resign unless they can support the foregoing resolves, and
vote as therein indicated.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be instructed to
forwaid a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to
each of our Senators and Representatives m Congress.
STEPHEN B. SHELLEDY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives*
ORAN FAVJLLE,
President of the Senate.
Approved, January 23,1858. RALPH P. LOWE.
Office or Secretary of State,
Des Moines, January 23, 1858.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy from the
original roll on file in my office.
ELIJAH SELLS, Secretary of State.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. I present these resolutions as a
matter of respect to the State Legislature of Iowa,
which has sent them to me; but not because I in-
tend, or have the most remote idea that I shall
hereafter obey these instructions. I know that
the people of Iowa, when they elected the pres-
ent Legislature, had not the question of the ad-
mission of Kansas under the Lecompton consti-
tution before them. I believe that the people of
Kansas have had opportunities of expressing
their views at the ballot-box; that they have re-
fused to do so; that perhaps a majority of them—
the Republican party almost unanimously—re-
fused to express any opinion on the subject. My
own opinions are made up, I think, irrevocably,
to vote for the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution; and unless some stronger
arguments are made against it than any that I
have heard heretofore, I shall continue of this
opinion.
These resolutions, I understand, were adopted
by a strict party vote in my Legislature. I am
happy to say every member of the Democratic
party voted against them, whilst every member
of the Republican party voted for them. I have
heretofore been similarly instructed by my Legis-
lature, and I then determined to pay the same
respect to their instructions that I do now to
these. It was then done by a Republican Legis-
lature, and by a strict party vote. It is probable
that a majority of the people of Iowa would now
obey these instructions, but I do not believe,
when they come to understand the question as I
understand it, that they would refuse to admit
Kansas into the Union under the constitution
which she has sent here.
Those resolutions condemn the President of the
United States, Senators, and all others in author-
ity, who propose to sustain the views of the Ad-
ministration, and to admit Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution. I am not one of those who
intend to condemn the Administration, but, on the
contrary, I intend to do everything in my power
to sustain them on this question. I made up my
mind before I left home, as soon as [ heard the
subject broached, that I should, as the surest
means of settling this vexed question which has
almost brought civil war into the country, to vote
to admit Kansas into the Union as soon as I could
possibly do so, if my vote would do it, so as to
settle the difficulty. My own opinion is, that we
ought to admitKansas and xVIinnesota now in the
same way that Iowa and Florida were admitted,
as twin children into the Union. I shall do all
that I can to effect that end,and I hope that Con-
gress will do it at an early day, and so give quiet
to the country, and put an end to the question of
slavery, which has so long agitated the Congress
of the United States, as well as the Legislatures
of the States, and the people themselves, in the
North as well as in the South.
RULES OP THE SENATE.
Mr. FOOT. I propose the following amend-
ment to the rules of the Senate: To add to the
11th rule, and to constitute, as a part of that rule,
the following words:
And all motions to take up any business for consideration,
or to postpone any question pending befoie the Senate with
a view to take up some other question indicated by the
mover, shall be put to the {Senate by the Chair, and sJiaH
be decidcd without debate.
