1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Tsubmit that the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] is
not in order at this time. He has no right to move
that the committee rise and report the bill—no
matter for wliat purpose—until it has been read
through by sections for amendment.-
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina is, that the bill be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I -would inquire
if there is a report in this case?
The CHAIRMAN. There is a report.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Let the report be
read.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I wish to state
the reasons of my appeal.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
debate, unless it be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] raised the
point of order that the-biil was not pjroperly before
the committee, and the Chair overruled the point
of order. If the gentleman from North Carolina
had supposed that that decision was erroneous,
he could have taken an appeal, and tried to have
the decision reversed. Then the question would
have been whether the bill should not go, under
the rule, to tire Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It seems to me that, by the
motion to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the gentleman could
have atlained his object. But it strikes me as
very clear that it is not competent for him to move
that the committee rise, and report tlie bill back
to the House, while the bill is before the commit-
tee, to be read, section by section, and while it is
open to amendment and debate. Otherwise, it
strikes me that a-new way has just been discov-
ered by which, under the form of moving that the
committee rise, with a recommendation of a cer-
tain kind, we would be deprived of all right to
discuss or to amend the bill. Thus, when it is
wanted to cut off debate on any question before
a Committee of the Whole House, all you have
to do is to make a motion that the committee rise,
with a recommendation that it lie referred to some
other committee, and then, once in the House, the
previous question can be called, and the bill put
upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is very clear to
me that the gentleman from Maine is wrong in
his question of order, and wrong in his appeal;
and that the Chair is right in its decision. The
gentleman from North Carolina, or any other
gentleman, had a right to move that the commit-
tee rise and report this bill. That motion does
not preclude debate or amendment, and therefore
it is perfectly in order, and the committee can go
011 and have the bill read through and perfected;
and when that is done, then the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, being in abey-
ance, may be put, as I understand the practice of
the House, and in that view of it, I think the ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair should not be
overruled.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well; I
withdraw my appeal, if that be the understanding
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is now on
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
that the biil be reported to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that that mo-
tion is based upon the idea that this is a public
bill; and that is a question for the Chair to settle.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no right to
decide that question. The bill has been referred
to the committee, and it is for the committee to
say what shall be done with it. It is not for the
Chair to say whether it 13 of a private or a public
nature.
Mr. HOUSTON. The question should be then
submitted to the committee whetherthis isapub-
lic or a private bill; and if it be properly 011 the
Pi ivate Calendar then it comes up for debate and
amendment. On the question now pending before
the committee and the Chair the merits of the bill
cannotbe veiy well—probably notatai!—debated.
The merits of the bill cannot be debated on a piop-
osition to report it back to the House, because it
is improperly here. If the committee determine
that it is properly here, then it is open for debate
and amendment; but not until that question is
determined.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be allowed
to state that the bill is now debatable, and open
for amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON . How can that be, if the ques-
tion is pending to report it back because of its
being improperly on this Calendar? That is the
question now, and it is not in order to debate the
bill.. If the committee determine that it is a public
bill it must be referred to another committee, and
placed upon another Calendar. And that being so,
it seems to me that the merits of the bill are not
now open for debate. I present that question of
order, that we ought to first vote on the motion
of the gentleman frumNorth Caiolina to determ-
ine whether we will retain the bill in this com-
mittee and on this Calendar.
The CHA 1RMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. The question is, " Shall the
bill be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it be referred to another commit-
tee'" and on that question the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Joh.m Cochrane] has the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to understand
the question. It seems to me that the bill is here
by the action 0f the House. Two or three limes
this morning, while the House was in session,
the Speaker refused to allow bills to be introduced
because they were public bills. The Speaker
decided the question, and gave them the proper
directions. And so this question has been before
the House, and has been referred, as a private
bill, to the Committee of the Whole House 011 the
Private Calendar. Now we are called upon togo
back to the blouse,and ask the House to review
its decision, and to give tins bill a different direc-
tion. I have no interest in this bill; but we must
have more uniformity in legislation. If, there-
fore, the gentleman from North Carolina thought
his objection was valid, he should have made it
when the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole House. That was the time for him
to move to refer it 10 the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union on the ground of its
being a public hill. It was not done; mid the
action of the House wes had; and the bill referred
to a Committee of the Whole House. And now
we are called upon to levise the actum of the
House. Why, su , the House itself, when 111 ses-
sion, went so far as to determine that u could not
overrule questions of order settled in committee.
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. I have befoie le-
ferred to the fact that the substance of the applica-
tion contained 111 this memorial has been lespond-
ed to by various bills which have frequently been
before this House at former sessions. The fire
through which this loss was experienced occurred
in 1845. In 1848, during the Thirtieth Congress,
a bill sbmlar to the one under discussion now,
was presented to, and passed by, the House, but
at too late a day to be reached by the Senate.
In 1850, at the Thirty-First Congress, a bill of a
similar character was reported by the Committee
on Commerce, but it was not reached by the
House. In 1852, and in 1854, there was similar
action, with the same result. In 1856, a bill sim-
ilar to the one which is now before, us, was passed
by the Senate and sent down to the House. The
House passed it with an amendment and sent it
back to the Senate, where, 111 consequence of a
pressuie of business, it was not acted 011.
Now, sir, in reference to the facts upon which
this bill moves, I will simply, and briefly as pos-
sible, present them to the committee. On the 19th
of July, 1845, as 1 stated, an extensive fire oc-
cuired 111 the city of New York. Property, both
real and personal, to the amount of some five or j
six million dollars was consumed. Among other
property that then perished, there was merchan-
dise. On that merchandise there had been paid
to the Government, in duties, $600,000.^ That
part of the merchandise represented by ^200,000
of duties, was m broken packages. No claim has
been made on the Government by ihe merchants
who represented that portion of the property. It
is only in reference to the duties paid on those
packages which were destroyed upon that occa-
sion ill an unbroken condition that a claim is now
made, and in reference to which the bill before the
committee is framed. The amount 01" those duties
is $400,000; and of the merchandise represented
by that sum, nearly the whole had been entered
by the owners or importers with the right, under
the' then existing law, at any time vyjtlim three
years thereafter, upon application made to_tb^ col-
lector at the custom-house, to be repaid the duties
paid thereon, upon an exportation of the se^ne.
But the fire occurred; and by reason of tbat acci-
dent it was that the right was interrupted and ar-
rested . And now, because that right was thus
interrupted, have not these gentlemen—who, if no
such accident had intervened j would have pos-
sessed a continuing three years'claim upon the
Government for the return of those duties, upon
intimation that they wished to export their goods
—the right to demand of the Government, that the
money it received from them without consider-
ation shall be restored > in other words, that they
shall be compensated to the extent of the benefit
conferred by them upon the Government of the
United States
Some one hundred and nine thousand dollars
of these duties represent liquors that had been
previously imported into the United States. Those
liquors, as the law then existed, were obliged to
be placed in cellars under the surveyor of the
port, and could not be legally conveyed to the
private warehouses of the merchants. The ware-
house act of 1846 provided public warehouses
from the date of its passage for every species of
merchandise, in addition to liquors. The general
relief law of 1854 was, therefore, directed to the
then existing revenue system, whieh compelled
all merchandise, without exception, to be placed
in public or bonded warehouses, until delivered
for consumption or exportation; and was not in-
tended to reach cases that had occurred previous
to the warehouse act; but because liquors were
obliged, before the passage of this act, to be de-
posited in public cellars, its letter and spirit in-
cluded these; and thus was it that a law, not in-
tended to retroact beyond 1848, reached over to
1845, and restored by its remedial relief $109,000
of duties paid upon liquors destroyed by the fire
of 1845; the same fire in which other merchandise
was destroyed, the duties paid on which were
$300,000.
The act of 1854 recognized the principle .that
the merchant whose property has been imported,
and on which the appropriate duties have been
paid, is entitled to a return of those duties, if
the importation has not gone into the consump-
tion of the country. That act, proceeding upon
this principle, overtook a portion of this $400,000
of duties, and returned $109,000 thereof to the
merchant importers', and they now claim that the
balance of nearly three hundred thousand dollars
should follow the same direction.
Sir, to proceed no further with the argument,
but to rely upon precedent and upon the laws of
the country, these gentlemen, the beneficiaries
under the bill, might rest content with the simple
declaration that gentlemen cannot, without stulti-
fying their acts upon a record not yet obliterated,
say that that which is claimed as compensation
shall not be granted as a right.
Some of the goods on which these duties were
paid had been imported not one month previous
to the 19th of July, the time when the fire oc-
curred. Some of them had been imported not
one week before. Some of them, even 011 the very
day previous to the fire, had been unladen from
the ships at the wharf, and deposited where, by
the then law they should be deposited, in the
warehouses of the merchants. In this connec-
tion, I beg to all the attention of the committee
to an extract from a letter from one of the claim-
ants here, and an expectant beneficiary under this
bill, it is from Hutchinson and Tiffany, one of
the importing firms of the city of New York.
They say:
" We had imported one hundred and sixteen bales of
goods., find paid ;§8,0C() duties thereon. Nine days after-
wards tlie fire consumed them, slill being in the unbroken
packages. We, knowing them to be very salable goods,
and believing we ;-houid soon be refunded the duties, im-
mediate! v oidered a similar invoice m amount and quality;
and 111-1 <jig!ity-thiec days after the fire, tho^e goods' arrived
in New Vork, wwemeicd at the custom-house, and$8,000
in (huies pnni tii^ieon.5'
1 might instance other cases, but it is unneces-
sary to do so. I offer this as an illustration of
the relative positions of the importers—owners
of this merchandise—and the Government, which
was profiting by the duties they had paid. The
merchandise had not gone into consumption, yet
