1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16S5
the duties on which we come here and ask to be
repaid ? What has the gentleman to say?
Mr. CLEMENS. I put it to the gentleman
whether there is not a period of time at which this
transcendental duty, upon which he now argues,
must commence?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes, sir; at the
time of payment.
Mr. CLEMENS. In this case the duties were
paid, the goods delivered over to the parties; and
there is no provision of law which makes the Gov-
ernment liable. The parties now come here and
make a claim for an inevitable accident. The gen-
tleman asks me whether the Government could
not have ordered the fire not to burn ? It seems to
me that is a refinement of logic in which I cannot
be expected to follow the gentleman at all. There
is a point of time at which this liability, if at all,
must commence. How long was it after these
duties were paid' that this fire occurred?- In some
cases I understand it was six or seven weeks, and
in some cases not a week. At what time will you
commence the liability of this Government? If
under an act of this kind you hold the Govern-
ment responsible, without reference to the time,
you see the danger which will arise in reference
to all acts in the future. In that view I put the
question to the gentleman.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman an-
nounces that he is unable to follow me. Prom
the high point of my position I look down upon
his argument and answer it thus: that, from the
moment I receive my neighbor's property without
compensation, nearly all the honest mtfn in crea-
tion think there is a liability upon me, who has
taken his money, to restore it. I, therefore, from
my elevation of argument, looking down upon the
gentleman's clouded position, answer him, that,
from the moment the Government takes the duty
upon merchandise which neverenters into the con-
sumption of the United States, Government be-
comes liable, in law and equity, to repay that
which it had wrongfully exacted.
I hasten to the remainder of what I have to say;
and as I proceed with the argument upon the ques-
tion, gentlemen will perceive that the demand I
make cannot be evaded. The Government must
say, either that it will retain the money it received
as duties, or that it will return it, having had the
benefit of nearly five hundred thousand dollars of
interest in the mean time—a period of about thir-
teen years.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to make an inquiry in
the way of reply to what has been said by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens.] I will
ask my colleague whether it is not true that, from
1842 to 1845, the Government required from the
importer payment of duties, and the possession of
his goods imported, inasmuch as no public stores
or warehouses were provided by the Government,
except some cellars in which imported liquors
were deposited? and whether the importers were
not allowed thirty-six months for reexportation
and the refunding of dunes on goods then im-
ported, and upon which duties had been paid J
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer m the
affirmative; and I think I have already so stated
in my preceding remarks. I will now read fur-
ther from the authority to which I have referred:
" But ns Congress wishes to foster an honest and honor-
able commerce by us laws, no less than ubtam lcvenue, it
is neither rlie tiue policy nor light of departments or of
courts, nor is it presumed to be their desire, to embarrass
mercantile business, when not attended by equivocation or
fraud, or to throw doubts and difficulties over the liberal
course pioper to be pursued towards the community in any
branch of trade."—1 page 63j.
" Thinking, as ihe court does, that this is the more lib-
eral and reasonable course, it bas our full approbation : and
it is now ordeied and adjudged by this court, that the judg-
ment of the circuit court be affirmed with costs and dam-
ages at six per centum.'-'
This op.inion was given on an appeal by the
Treasury Department from the decision of the
iower court, that duties could only be assessed on
what actually arrived in the country and entered
into consumption. The justice and equity of this
decision induced a general law to meet future cases
—that of'28th March, 1854.
I will refer now to the legislative precedents in
point; and, as I am restricted in time, I will ac-
company them with but a very brief commentary.
I will refer to thetn seriatim.
Congress, as I have said, has repeatedly re-
funded^ duties on the principle of this case. The
instances are as fellows:
1. January 14,1790. Congress remitted duties
on a quantity of hemp, duck, molasses, &c., de-
stroyed by fire while on the voyage to the port of
delivery, after the duties had been paid. (See 6
United States Statutes, page 2.)
2. August 4,1790. An act remitting duties on
salt destroyed by flood while stored at Annapolis.
(See 6 United States Statutes, page 3.)
3. May 9, 1794. An act refunding duties paid
on coffee imported into Norfolk and Portsmouth,
"Virginia, and subsequently destroyed by fire. (See
6 United States Statutes, page 15.)
This last is a case within the knowledge, per-
haps, of gentlemen from Virginia, and I suppose,
also, of my friend who interrogated me.
4. March 3, 1801. An act directing the col-
lector of Providence, Rhode Island, to remit the
duties on certain teas destroyedbyfire. (See 6 Uni-
ted States Statutes, page 44.)
Numerous other acts of Congress might be
cited, remitting and refunding duties where the
goods were destroyed in whole or in part by fire,
viz: act of March 7,1794; June 1,1796; March 3,
1797; and so onward, in numerous cases, in the
years 1798, 1801, &c.,&c., down to the great fire
in New York, in 1835.
The act of July 7, 1839, granting relief on ac-
count of the great fire of 1835, was almost identical
with the bill now reported by the committee.
This bill, if differing at all, is more stringent in
its provisions; and under it there is no possibility
of a claim being allowed for which there is not
good proof.
Congress passed similar acts in 1849, 1850,
1852, and 1853.
Thus Congress, by repeated acts, has estab-
lished the principle of remitting or refunding du-
ties on goods destroyed by fire, commencing with
the act of 1790, and coming down to the act of
1853,
We come now to the act of the 28th of March,
1854, but I have enlarged on that already so fully
that I will not detain the committee at this time
by further reference to it.
Mr. Chairman, not only has the principle been
recognized by this Government in the adjudica-
tion of our courts and elsewhere, but it is a prin-
ciple which has been recognized wherever com-
merce is known and is applied, wherever civiliza-
tion and courts of law have an existence. In
proof of this, I refer to the following certificates:
Russia.
Boston*, December 10,18-19.
The «uoecriber«, merchants of the city of Boston ond its
vinntty, have been m the halutof making shipments of va-
nous kinds of goods and nieichandise to St. Fetersburgh,
Rtis-sia; that some of u.-* have had goods, sugars, &c , de-
stroyed and damaged by watei, fire or otherwise, and m such
cases, the whole duties have been remitted on the articles
wholly destroyed, a small duty chaiged 011 the ineichandise
damaged, aud a lessened duty chaiged on sueh as were saved
from damage ; and also ceitify, that it is the custom of the
Russian Government, as fai as we know or are concerned,
to iemit all dunes (on goods destroyed) to the importer,
assignee, or to the party that would be injured by the exac-
tton of duty ; not do we know of any nation in Europe that
eiiaiges duty on eood^ ot metclwuidise, ttnless the merchan-
dise i3 con-umed bv the p"op><\
William Snvage, Jaiue^ llarns, Samuel Quincy, Richard
Soule, Benjamin Rich.
Liverpool} November 29, 1848.
Wo,tne undesigned, merchant^ and brokers of the town
of Liverpool, do hereby reiiify, that it is usual for the British
Government to remit the duties on goods of any description,
destioved by fire, ot other casualties, on being petitioned to
that effect by the propnetors;, upon the principle that the
goods so destroyed cannot be dehveied for consumption.
Afoiyneux, Taylor & Co.; Baling. Brothers & Co.; I. &
H. Lutledale & Co.; AlcCalm'ont. Son* & Co.; Glen,
And^uon & Co.; Mellv, Romsfly & Co.; Chapman. Bow-
man St Co ; Gladstou & Co.; Nicol, Duckworth & Co.;
Rathbone, Brothers & Co.: Fieiden. Brotheis & Co.;
Riehatdson, Brother? Co.; Pnylps, Biothers & Co.;
Brown. Shipley &• Co.
#•
London. Novcrr-her 3848.
We, the undersigned, meiehanN of the otv of London,
hereby certify, that in all oa$er> where good*-or merchandise
are destroyed bv fire or olher accidents, jr is the piaetice of
the British Government to release the owners of such goods
from all bonds or payments of duties, upon the piinciple
that goods so destroj ed arc not taken into consumption.
Baring Brothers; N.M. Rothschild & Son; Melhuish, Giay
& Co.; Sandeman. Forster & Co.; Bell & Giant; l' red-
eric Iluth & Co.; Maclean, Man< Sc Co.; Rawsoti, Nor-
ton 8c Co.; John Pickersgill & Son; Quarles, Harris &
Sons; David Taylor St Suns.
United Siates Lerahon,
Lon'uon, November 30, 1848.
In the above list of nam?*?, therp are some whof-e signa-
tures I recognize, and-who belong to some of the wealthiest
and roost respectable firms in Londdn.
* GEO. BANCROFT.
Extract of a letter dated Londori, February II, 1848,-recdvetl
from Messrs. Q«#Wes, Harris Sons. >■ -
" We are happy to seethatso veryjust and propter a nie&s-
ure as the repayment of the duties on wines and other mer-
chandise destroyed by fire is before Congress, and we sin-
cerely hope it may be carricd, as the reciprocity of national
conventions is a very important point, and bears updn all
such matters very strongly.
"We deem it right to point out to you, that you may notice
it in the proper quarters, that had the property belonging to
American citizens been destroyed here by fire, by failing in
of vaults or arches, or by any other accident, tite duties
would not have been levied, or, if paid, refunded."
France.
New York, October 19,4850.
The subscribers having been engaged in the importation
of goods from France, and ,the exportation of cotton and
other products of the United States to France, do hereby
certify, that the French Governraentdoes not levy duties on
foreign merchandise, unless consumed by its citoyen?; that
if such foreign merchandise as imported is consumed by fire
or destroyed, the said duties, if paid, are returned by the
Government to the importer,or to any party or forties that
would be damaged if the Government retained such duties.
C. C. Beehet; V. Barsalou j A. Seignette & Co.; Ch. Sa-
gory; Pillot & Le Barbier; Le Moyne & Bell; J. Lahens
& Co.; L, Loriet; Cazet & Astom.
Boston, December 12,1849.
The undersigned, a merchant ofthe city of Boston, during
his course of business, has been in the habit of making ship-
ments to Russia, and that in the year 1834, he had a ship-
ment of sugars destroyed and damaged by an inundation;
that the Russian Government remitted the duties on the
articles wholly damaged, and a lesser duty on such as were
only partly damaged. ROB. G. SHAW.
Boston, December 17, 1849.
The undersigned, of Dorchester, in the State of Massa-
chusetts, and formerly interested in the shipping interest
between this country and Russia, has been in the habit of
making shipments of various kinds of merchandise to St.
Petersburgh—and that I am knowing to the Russian Govern-
ment making allowance and returning the duties on goods
and merchandise destroyed and damaged by water, fire, or
otherwise, at some periods> and I believe it is the custom of
most of the European nations, that charge duties on goods
and merchandise, to remit the duties on such as are de-
stroyed that is not consumed by the people.
JOHN D'WOLF.
Thus, sir, the usage and law, not only of this
but of other countries, acknowledge this principle
and enforce it.
I have now presented all the facts and consid-
erations applicable to this bill, and it would be
useless for me to enlarge upon them further than
I have done. I will make reference now to the
character of the bill. It provides for the estab-
lishment of a board of commissioners, to consist
of the collector of customs at the port of New
York, the naval officer of that port, and the dis-
jj trict attorney for the southern district of New
1 York. These are to examine and to report upon
I claims presented; and if a claim be not presented
| within six months after the passage of the act, it
I will not be entitled to be received or examined,
i Section three provides:
i " That as soon as the said commissioners shall have
finally closed the taking of the testimony in relation to any
one «r more claims, they shall cause to be'made a full and
perfect statement of the goods, wares, and merchandise,
proved in said claim, or claims, to their satisfaction, to have
been destroyed at the conflagration aforesaid, in the un-
broken and onginal packages in whieh the same were im-
poited, designating,m such statement the number of pack-
ages, the dutiable value of eaeh, the rate and amount of duty
on each, and the name of the person or persons entitled to
receive or have refunded to him or them the duties paid
upon each package, or required to be paid on each package,
and the fact whether such duty has been paid or remains
unpaid or secured, and shall report whether any and what
paitof the merchandise so destroyed was insured, and if in-
sured, whether any such insurance has been paid, or is se-
| cured to be paid ; and if so paid ors-ecured, they shall deduct
{ from the certificate to be granted under the provisions of this
act a sum which will bear the same proportion to the whole
duties paid as the amount of said insurance bears to the
whole value of said merchandise; and the commissioners
shall cause three fair copies of such statement to be made
and certified by themselves to be the true and correct results
of their investigations: one of which copies they shall file
with the collector of the customs for the port of New York;
another with the naval officer of the said port; and the
third, together with the testimony taken before the said com-
missioners, they shall transmit to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to be by hun kept on file in his Department: Provided,
! That no commissioner herein named shall participate in
! i said statement who did not sit upon the examination of the
! claim and hear all the proof.
It is then provided " that these proceedings
shall be communicated to the Secretary of the
Treasury for his approval or disapproval." In
case he disapproves, and the district attorney
shall certify that, because of new facts discovered,
