1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2679
simply to inquire whether there is now existing
the Territory of Minnesota. If the Territory of
Minnesota is not in existence, if it was absorbed
or destroyed by the admission of the State of
Minnesota, then there is no Delegate here; but if
there is such a Territory now in existence, then
there is a Delegate from that Territory, and it is
the Delegate who was originally elected. If the
Territory was destroyed, then there is no territo-
rial organization; and upon the precedents in the
case of Carr, who came from New Mexico in
1848; in thecaseof Babbet, whocamefrom Utah,
in 1848; and in the case of the Delegate who came
from Kansas before it was organized; there is no
'Delegate here.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My friend from
Maine says that this matter is in a nutshell. It
is a very large nut, according to his statement.
The gentleman has presented the case strongly.
I presented the case in that way yesterday, and
it was only in view of the point that because Mr.
Puller received a certain number of votes of the
people residing there, he ought to be received
rather than Mr. Kingsbury, who is the legally-
elected Delegate of the Territory, that I have said
what I have. If there is a Territory of Minne-
sota in existence, (and that there is, the law de-
clares,-) then Mr. Kingsbury is theDelegate prop-
erly elected from that Territory, and entitled to
a seat here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Here is the act
organizing the Territory of Minnesota, which de-
clares that,
" From and after the palace of this act all that part of
the territory of the United Stales which within the fol-
lowing hunts, to wit," &c.
It goes on to give the boundaries of what shall
constitute the Territory of Minnesota. Now,
you have admitted as a State nearly all of this
'Territory, and the law says that it shall require
ail of it to constitute the Territory of Minnesota.
Can a Territory exist there when you have ad-
mitted as a State that which the law requires shall
constitute the Territory? 1 take it that there is
no Territory, and nobody entitled as Delegate to
a seat here.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If Congress creates
a Territory of one hundred thousand square miles
area, and subsequently makes a State out of t wen-
ty-iive thousand square miles of it, leaving seven-
ty-five thousand square miles of the original area
outside of the portion admitted info the Union,
with a population scattered over it, and with the
existing institutions of counties and towns, I ask
if it is legal, if it is consistent, to hold that the
admission of the one fourth abrogates and nulli-
fies the laws as to the other thiee fourths, and
deprives the people of their right to have repre-
sented here, by a Delegate, the important interests
connected with the public lands, with their inter-
course with the Ind lan tribes, and with every thing,
that would render life desirable? And to do that,
too, by the merest, wildest implication in the
world I Not a word in the act contemplates such
a tiling. The precedents from the beginning of
the Government down do not sanction such a
thing, and the House certainly ought not to sanc-
tion it now. .
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I desire to
ask the gentleman whether, if he were right, it
would not follow, as a necessary, legal_, logical
conclusion, that all the Federal officers of the ler-
ritory of Minnesota might go back to the wilder-
ness. organize anew Government,and hold theii
respective offices ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
begs the question. He proposes to ask if officers
could not move back and organize a Teintory,
while the Territory is already organized underthe
law. The officers have been heretofore recog-
nized as being m office. It was so in the cast> of
Minnesota, after the admission of Wisconsin.
It was so in the case of the Northwest Terri-
tory, after the admission of Ohio. The Territory
was recognized as m existence, after the admis-
sion of a State formed out of part.
Now, as to the inquiry propounded by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He
undertakes to draw a distinction as to the area of
the Territory that may be included in the State.
That does not affect the principle. If the admis-
sion of one fourth or one tenth does not annul the
law and destroy the existence of a Territory, then
the admission of nine tenths does not do it. sou
must repeal your law by the same power which
enacted it, or it still stands upon your statute-
book.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me: I think the reverse has been the
history of the action of Congress on that subject.
The Northwest Territory was formed of all the
territory of the United States northwest of the
Ohio river. When Ohio was about to be admit-
ted as a State, the Territory of Indiana was or-
ganized by act of Congress. Subsequently, the
Territory of Illinois was organized; subsequently
that of Michigan, and subsequently that of Wis-
consin; and finally, the remaining fraction of that
Territory was included within the Territory of
Iowa. If I am right in my recollection of it, Con-
gress never, on the admission of a Territory as a
State, recognized, in the Northwest Territory,
a Territory under the organization under which a
portion had been admitted as a State.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
partly right, and'partly wrong. He is right in
saying that Territories were organized by law
after the admission of the States respectively; but
he is wrong m saying that the original Territory
in existence was abrogated by the admission of a
State. I stated yesterday, in nfy argument, the
fact that the Delegate from the Territory north-
west of the Ohio, who was elected after the admis-
sion of the State of Ohio, from the Territory west
of the Ohio river, was received, and admitted to a
seat on the floor of the House, showing that the
House had recognized the existence of the Ter-
ritory northwest of the Ohio river as entitled to a
Delegate. I stated also yesterday the fact that
the territorial officers of the Territory of Minne-
sota were continued, and a Delegate, elected after
the admission of the State of Wisconsin, was ad-
mitted to a seat in the House. Judicial officers
have been uniformly continued in office. All the
laws passed by the Territory have continued in
full force over all parts of the Territory, after the
admission of the State. There is not a solitary
departure from that principle—not one. Then,
sir, under the provision of law, under the uniform
practice of the House, I claim that the committee
are right in their conclusions—that the Territory
of Minnesota does exist; that it is entitled to a
Delegate under the law creating it; that the Del-
egate has been already admitted to his seat here,
and that he ought not to be ousted from it. This,
Mr. Speaker, is all i desire to say on the subject.
And now let the House take action upon it.
The question was first on Mr. Hughes's amend-
ment to the amendment, as follows:
Stnke out all after the woul " that" m the amendment,
and ln-oitaslbHoWiS- __
—the admission of tiic State of Minnesota into the Union
with the boundaries pro^eiibed in the act of admission op-
eiates. as a dissolution of the 'euitoria! organization of Min-
nesota; and thatho much of tin; Jate Territoiy of Minnesota
ad lies without the limn- o  the pie^ent State ol Minnesota,
is withoutany distinct, iegal'y-o'eanized government, and
the people thereof are not entitled to a Delegate in Congress
until that nght is coniened upon them by statute.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays SO; as follows:
YEAS — Mossr*. Abbott, Adtain, Anderhon, Atkins,
Averv, Barksdale, Btllmy!mr-,t, Bishop, Blair, Bocock, Bon-
ham,* Branch, Bravton, Buflmton, Burnett, Curiae, Chaf-
fee, FzraClaik, John B. Clark. Clay.Clemens, Cobb, Claik
B. Coclmiue, (Jormns, Coming, James Craig, Crawtoid,
Cun v, Davis of MiSHf.3ip, i, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
ol' Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dowdel!, Durfee, Eilic, Edmund-
son, Eustis, Gaitiell. Giimer, Goode, Gregg, Robert B.
11all, IJailan, Hill, Houston, Howard, Hughes, iluyler,
Jackson, George W. Jone-, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones,
KeNey, Knnpp, Jacob M Kunkel, Leirer, Letcher, Maclay,
McQueen, Mavnaid. Miller, Mill-on, Mott, Muiray, Nich-
ols, L'arker, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Pike, Potter,
Pottle. Purvianee, Ready, Kicaud,Ritchie, Robbing, Ruffin,
Saudidge, Savage, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shoit-
er, Singleton, VViiliam Smith, Spinner, Stalhvoith, William
Stewafi, Tappan, Thayer. Thompson. Tuppe, Underwood,
Wade. Cadwaladci C- Wa-hburn, EtUhu « Washburnc,
Wiiiteley, Woodson, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—
102
NAYS—Alii, Andiew*, Arnold, Bingham, Bliss,
Bowie, Burlmgame, Burns, Case, Cavanaueh, John Coch-
rane, Cockcrili, Colfax, Cox,Cragm,Curtis, Davidson, Davis
ot Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Dawes, Dummck, Dodd,
English, Fain?worth, Faulkner. Fenton,' Florence, Foley,
Fo-.t<v. Giilis, Gilman, Gooch, Granger, Groesheckj Grow,
Lawrence W. Hail, Thomas L. llairis, Hatch* Hawkins,
Hoard, Hoi ton, Kellogg, Kelly, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mat-
shall, Matteson, Moigan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morns, Freeman H. Morse, Niblack, Palmer, Pendle-
ton, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Reagan, Iteiliy,
Royce, Russell, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Robert Smith, Stanton.Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot.
Tompkins, Va'.landigham, Walbiuigc, Waldron, Wylion,
Israel Washburn, White, Wilson, Wood, and Augustus R 
Wright—80.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Hopkins
was absent on business, at the request of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JEWETT stated that if he had been in
when his name was called, he would have voted
" no."
Mr. HUGHES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on substituting the
amendment, as amended, for the original propo-
sition; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the proposition as
amended.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table; and on that I ask the
yeas and nays. I think this is a perfect mon-
strosity, and against the whole practice of the
Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 ask what
would be the effect of that motion ? If it^were
carried, would it allow the Delegate from Minne-
sota a seat here ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it would.
Mr. LETCHER. Would the Chair still rec-
ognize the gentleman claiming to be the Delegate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would do so.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I hope it will nat'be
i laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 128; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. AIM, Andiews, Arnold, Bishop, Bliss,
Boyce, Uurlmsrame, Cavanaugh, John Cochrane, Oockerill,
Cox. Cum.*, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dinimick, Dodd,
' English, Florence. Foley, Gdlis, Granger, Groes-
beck, Giow,Thomas L. Ham-,"Hawkins, Iluyler,Kellogg,
Kelly, Landy, Lovejoy, Moigan, Niblack, Pendleton, Wil-
liam W. Phelps, Phillips, Reagan, Reilly, Royce, Russell,
Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Robert Smith, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, Talbot Vallandigham, Walbndge, Wal-
dion, Israel Wa^hbuin, White, and Wood—53.
NAYS — Mt-st-ift. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Atkins,
Averv, Bark-d.dc, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bocock,
Bonllam, Bowie, Branch, Brayton, Buftinton, Burnett,
Case, Ca&ktc, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, dawson. Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Colfax, Comma, James Craig, Crawford, Curry, Davis
of Maryland, Davn of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, m
Davi< of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dowdell, Dur/ee, Edmundson^
Farnsworih, Fenton, Foster. Gainett, Gartrell, Gilman,Gil-
mer Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Gtegg, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan. Hatch, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughes, 0
Jackson, Jevvett, Geotge W. Jones J Glancy Jones. Owen
Jonct., Keitt, Kelaev, Kilgote, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel,
John <;. Kunkel, Letter, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Ma-
son, Matteson, Maynaid, Millci, MiHson, Moore, Morrill,
Edward Jov Monih, Mott, Mnuav, Nichols, Palmer, Parker,
Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Purviancc,
Quitman, Ready, Ricand, Ritchie, Robbing Ruffin, San-
didjic. Savage, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Wil-
liam Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer,Thomp-
son, Tompkins Tnppe, Undeiwood, Wade, Walton, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Elliliu B. Wa>liburne, Whitelev,
Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke, and John V. Wright—128.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The original resolution, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. HUGHES moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary ^informing
the House that the Senate had passed a resolution
(S. No. 50) authorizing the President to desig-
nate a site for the equestrian statue of Washing-
ton and for other purposes, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate has passed, without
amendment, a bill of the House (No. 446) for the
relief of D. 0. Dickinson.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendments of this House to the bill of the Sen-
-tae (No. 22?) authorizing the organization of a
fire department in the District of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate had adopted a resolution
changing the day of the adjournment of Con-
gress.
