1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
the Senate; and asking you to determine whether
persons who claim seats here without their con-
currence shall be entitled to hold them. That is
the question.
Now, why postpone this case, which has been
delayed for nearly a year, until time can be given
to send out a commission to take testimony, about
you know not what? When is the testimony to
be taken? The resolution is as illimitable in that
respect as any other. They are to have authority
to take testimony. When? Until their term ex-
pires, so far as the resolution goes. It contains
no limitation; it is as unbounded as to time us it
is in regard to the subject-matter about which the
testimony is to be taken.
In the minority report, which I believe repre-
sents fairly the statements as they were befoie the
committee, it is stated that certain members of
the Senate of Indiana were sworn in by a presid-
ing officer chosen for the purpose by the members
of the Senate designated as Republicans. What
of it ? Had not the members of the Senate desig-
nated as Republicans a right to swear in mem-
bers ? Did the fact that they were Republican
members of the Senate alter the right? 1 suppose
not. It is not said that the Republican members
were nota majority. I suppose if they were, they
could control the proceedings.
But, sir, there is a pretense that a joint conven-
tion was authorized to be held by the constitu-
tion of Indiana. What are the facts about that?
We need no commission to take testimony to in-
form us what the constitution of Indianais. That
constitution contains a single provision on the
subject of the two Houses meeting together, and
what do you suppose it is ? Here it is: j
"That the icturns of eveiy eleriion for Governor and j
Lieutenant Governor shall he scaled up awl transmitted to 1
the seat ot'Govei mi tout, dneotcd to the Speaker of Ui<- House j
of Representatives, who shall open and publish them in the
presence of botli Houses of the General Assembly.'" |
Does that authorize both Houses of the General ]
Assembly which are convened to see that publi- ;
cation, or which may attend to see it, to elect a j
Senator? Can there beany pretense for such an 1
authority? The Speaker of the House ofRcpre- <
se (natives of Indiana did publish the votes for Gov- !
ernor and Lieutenant Governor, I think, on the I
]2th of January, 1857; and after he had published j
those votes, and declared them in the presence of |
the House of Reptesentatives and such members j
of the Senate as thought proper to attend, was >
not that assembly to witness this counting ended? j
Could anything further be done by that body5 j
What was done ? A Senator, without any author- |
ity whatever, steps upon the stand and says, I
adjourn this convention until the S2d d«iy of Feb-
ruary. He had no authority for it. lie called it a
convention, but he had no more authority to call
it a convention in order to adjourn it, than you ■
had, sir; and none can be shown. On the £d day
of February a minority of the Senate and a ma-
jority of the House of Representatives im t to- |
gather, and the presiding officer of the Senate, the
Lieutenant Governor, savs, I adjourn this con-
vention to a subsequent day—I think the 4th of
February. On the 4th of February the same par-
ties met again, a majority of the Senate still being
in ses.bjoij, protesting against this action. A mi- ■
nority of the Senate then go in and unite with a
majority, but less than a quorum, of the House ;
of Representatives, for it takes two thirds of
each body to make a quorum, and there they pro- 1
ceeded to elect two gentlemen as Senators to this
body.
Can any man pretend that that is an election by ,
the Legislature of Indiana; that this was a joint
convention assembled according to the authority
of the Legislature or (he constitution of Indiana5 '
Why, sir, it is as far from possessing the author-
ity to elect Senators to this body, as would be an
assemblage of eighty-six persons upon the avenue 1
who should meet there to-day and undertake to
elect Senators from the State of Indiana^or the
State of Illinois, or any other State. It is utterly
without authority; it was not the Legislature of ,
Indiana. Tell me, sir, that less than a quorum !
of the House of Representatives, and less than
half the Senate of Indiana, is a Legislature upon ■
which the Constitution of the United States has
devolved the high duty of electing members of:
this body; and you propose by parol evidence to ,
show that it was a Legislature ! The constitution
and the laws of Indiana determine what its Legis-
ij lature shall be, and to them we may appeal from
j[ all your outside testimony.
ji For these considerations—and I wish not to de-
jj tain the Senate longerthan to make, if I can,aclear
j| statement of this matter—ltdoes seem to me that
ii there can be no object in adopting the resolution
|| reported by the committee. If 1 am correct in
that, no Senator will vote for it who entertains
I j that view, and it is our duty to proceed at once to
] j the consideration of the right to seats, of the mem-
;| bers whose seats are questioned, and determine it.
|j I move, sir, to strike out of the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee, all after the
word " resolved,'5 and insert,
That the Senate do now proceed to a final determination
of the light 10 scats ot the Hon. Graham n. Fitch, and the
Hon. Jesse D. IIright, claiming ^eats m this body.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator fiom Illinois may attach far less import-
ance to the perpetuity of the Federal Union than
I do. He may consider that that is a very ti ivial
question compared with the disposition and de-
termination of acontested seat on this floor I do
not agree with him. It may even bo, for aught
I know, that the honorable Senator from Illinois
may consider such a consummation even a desir-
able event. There, too, I do not agree with him.
I can conceive no evil of any kind as great and as
wide-spread in its influence as the dissolution of
the Federal Union. I can conceive no question
equivalent in importance to the immediate dispo-
sition of one which brings that Unioninto hazard.
It is not my intention to enter into the, assumed
facts of the honorable Senator from Illinois, or
to controvert his positions now for one moment.
It will be time enough to do so when I consider
that they properly come before the Senate. I do
not mean even now to enter into the question of
whether the resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary ought to be en-
tertained, or the amendment offered by the hon-
oiable Senator from Illinois.because 1 consider the
disposition by reference, of the message of the
President in icgard to Kansas, of too high import-
ance to give precedence to any other question
whatever. Without any practical question for
action before us, in regard to that message, except
the meie question of reference, which must inev-
itably come, there is a debate going on for the
purpose ofagitation, and agitation perilous to the
Union. I desire to see that debate ended as soon
as may be, and I think no other question should
interfere to prevent it.
The honorable Senator from Illinois seems to
have an cxliome care over the interests of the
State of Indiana, to take a peculiar interest in the
welfare of the people of thai State; and yet all the
delay that has occurred in the deposition of this
question can fairly be attributed to him. At the
last session of Congress, the committee reported
a resolution precisely similar to this,except that
it applied to but one of the sitt'iog members, in-
stead of both. The presume of business at the
date of the repoit pr« vented it,? disposition. At
the special session of the Senate, on the lS2ihof
March, the Semite, having <rot through with its
executive business, determined toadjourn on the
J4th. On the I3th, when there could be nothing
more done, and no evil could arise from the Sen-
ators from Indiana remaining in their places till
the commencement of this session, the icsolution
was again reported by the Judiciary Committee.
These facts I found when I became us chairman
at this session; and on the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois to amend that resolution
leading to debate, knowing that the session was
to be terminated on the succeeding day, of neces-
sity the case went over, and that evidence which
might have been acquired in the course of the va-
cation, the sitting members were precluded from
obtaining. Can it be that the honorable Senator
desires to deprive any member of this body of
testimony which he deems important as affecting
his iight to a seat in this body? Can it be that
there is anything in that testimony winch may
make developments awkward or unpleasant to
any gentleman 5 Can it be that there is anything
in that testimony which may show a very irreg-
ular interference on the part of the Representatives
of one State for the purpose of disorganizing the
Legislature of another State? Can such things
be; or from what motive can it be, that the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois prevented the taking
of testimony by intei posing an amendment which
was utterly useless, when, but for his interposi-
tion, we should have had all the facts before us
at the commencement of this session; and now
urges us to go on and decide this case without
taking the same testimony, without regard to any
other question whatever?
Mr. President the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois has been pleased, no doubt unwillingly, to
pervert very much a remark of mine made in the
debate of yesterday. He speaks of my having
avowed the purpose of settling the admission of
Kansas by the votes of the Senators from Indiana.
1 avowed no such purpose. My position is re-
ported in the debates of yesterday. Take it alto-
gether, and to my mind it is apparent enough. I
am willing to abide by if. I will not trouble the
Senate now by any disquisition on that, further
than to say that 1 made no such declaration as the
Senator attributes to me; I referred to the fact that
tbeie was no contesting member,and endeavored
by a collateral argument to show that it was not so
important to deprive a State of her delegation ir 
this body, where they came here with the prima
facia evidence of title to their seats,and where, as
a well-known fact outside of any proof, they cer-
tainly represented the public sentiment of Indiana,
as that, in consideration of important questions,
we might not postpone it with more propriety
than if there had been a contesting member in the
case. This is the substance of what I said.
Now, sir, I am perfectly willing, whenever it
is the desire of the Senate, to have this question
disposed of. As regards my own vote, however,
I adhere to the position I took, that i considered
the first subject which the Senate ought to dis-
pose of, and I trust a majority of the Senators
will concur with me, is the reference of the mes-
sage of the President as to the Kansas constitu-
tion to its appropiiate committee, m order that
we may have that question brought before us at
the eailiest possible day. Until that reference is
made I am indisposed to take up debatable ques-
tions. If there were to be no debate here, if it
were a mere question whether the resolution
should pas's or not, without debate, 1 should not
be disposed to interfere; but my honorable friend
from Vermont, if he will allow me so to style him,
differs with me as to the propriety of our resolu-
tion, and desires to discuss the question. I also
do, and my colleagues on the Judiciary Commit-
tee entertain the same desire. Under these cir-
cumstances, for effecting the purpose I have in
view—the disposition of the question which I
think ought first to be disposed of—I move to lay
the se proceedings on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Delaware allow me to read what he did say yes-
terday, without comment, to show whether I
misstated it or not?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will read from the re-
marks of the Senator from Delaware yesterday on
tins subject, as lcpoited in the Globe:
'•'lam perftctly awaie that theie aie irmMions which
must he decided by the Senate ultimately -<i< to the legality
of the election: hut of the broad, general fact, which 1 can
look at outride of that, that thebc .Senator lepnaent the
public bent)merit of the State ot Indiana, I can enter tain no
doubt. Under the-e etrcum-taneess. u hen a question is to
driM1 important to the destinies of tin-. Union, why j-bould
nota so\eic.j.'n State ot the Union he represented, even
though u he that it may turn out ultimately that the ejection
wh not m that toim which the Constitution of the United
States requires and therefore invalid'*'
Mr. BAYARD. It matters very little, of course,
whether 1 have in the heat of debate used an ex-
pression broadly or not. I still say that the pur-
pose attributed to mc by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, as charged by him, isnot sustained
by what he has read. His language was that I
had avowed the purpose of retaining them here in
order to settle the Kansas question. In the course
of debate I simply stated exactly whatissaid there,
as he has read ti. I made use of it as a subsequent
argument, that I did not consider it an objection
that a sovereign State, where I knew her senti-
ments, stood in that position that we should be
hurried to dispose of it, when we had important
questions before us. Is that the avowal of a de-
termination to keep them here for that nurpose ?
Far from it; but that I did not consider it a reason
for proceeding at once to the decision.
Besides, in order to understand a man's views
in the course of debate, 1 rather thmk that all ho
has said ought to be taken together It is very
easy to quote a part of the context frum any paper
