570
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
or book whatever, and give to it a meaning from
the looseness of the spoken language which would
not otherwise be attributed to it when the whole
sense is taken together; bat I think that, even
.taking the mere extract which the honorable Sen-
ator has seen fit to read, he has not sustained his
allegation, which he made to-day, that I had
avowed that my object or purpose in delaying
these proceedings was to enable these Senators
to vote on this floor on the Kansas question. I
renew the motion to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays
on the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to interpose no delay
to a decision of the question which has been under
discussion, of the right to seats on this floor. Con-
sidering it a question of privilege, and that it is very
important to decide it, I shall be ready to cooper-
ate in deciding it at an early day; but I am un-
willing to take up any question now to the exclu-
sion of the reference of the President's message
to the Committee on Territories, believing tlmt it
is important to have that reference at as early a
day as practicable. I shall therefore vote against
giving any subject priority over the question of
reference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Biodericjc, Cameron, Clay, Davis, Douglas, Evans, Green,
Gwm, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, Ma--on, Polk, Puj;h, Sebastian, Slidell,
Stuart, Toombs, VVnght, and Yulee—28
NA Ytf—Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Dooliule, Durkee, Fessenden, Fool, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—18.
So the report and resolution were ordered to lie
on the table.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 desire to offer a resolution,
calling for information which will hasten our ac-
tion on the Kansas question. X will read it for
information; but if it gives rise to debate, of course
it will go over:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish all
the mtormatmu within his possession or contio) on the fol-
lowing pmnts:
1. The u'tums and votes for and against a convention
at an election held in the Terntoiv of Kansas, in October,
1836
2. The census and registration of votes in the Terntory
of lvaua^, under the piuvi ions ot the act of s,aul Legisla-
ture, pa.-sed hi l-'cb) uaiy . 1H57, piovidmg lor the election of
delegates and assembling a convention to frame a coustitu
tion.
3. The returns of an election held m paid Terntory, on
the 2i-t of December, 18.Y7, under tlie schedule of the Lo-
eonipton constitution, upon the question of k> constitution
with slavery" or eont-ntutioii without slaveij."
4. The returns of an election held m the Territory of
Kansas, on the 4ih day of January. 18o8, under the author-
iiy of a law pa^ed by the Leg-tldiure of said Teuitoiy,
submitting the con^itutton foimed by the Lecompton con-
vention to a vote of the people for unification or rejection
5. The returns of the election held in said 'Punitory on
the Ith day of January, 1853, undei the schedule ot" the Le-
eoujpmu eons-titution, tor Governor and other State olhcer.>,
and lor member* of the Legislature, specify nig the names
of each officer to whom a certificate o! election ha< been ac-
corded, and the number of votes east and counted for each
candidate, and di-tinguifhms between the votes returned
within the tune and m the mode provided in t>aid schedule,
and tlio.>e returned subsequently and m other modes, and
stating whether at eithei of said election* anv leiuinsof
vote* wete rejected in consequence of not having been le-
turned in tune, or to the, light officer, or in proper foim, or
for any other cause, Mating specifically lor what cau>e.
6. Ail corie.-pondence between any of the Executive De-
partments ami Secietary or Governor Denvei relating to
Kansas, affairs, and winch has not been communicated to
'the Senate
Resolved, That in the event all the information dos-ired m
the foregoing le-oiunon is not now in the possession of the
President, or of any of the Executive Derailments, he foe
re.-peciiuil) requested to give the piopei or.kis and take the
riecssary steps to procure the same tor the use ot'the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from Illinois asks the
unanimous consent of the Senate for the consid-
eration of these resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course, if objection is
made, I shall waive it; but I must say I deem this
information essential before we can proceed with
the consideration of the subject.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let them iie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolutions. If
no member objects, they will be considered now.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is objection.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolutions will lie over under the
rules.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Bigler to refer the message of the
President, communicating theLecompton consti-
tution, to the Committee on Territories, the pend-
ing question being on the instructions proposed
by Mr. Wilson.
Mr. BROWN. The Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] in opening the discussion on the Kan-
sas question at this session, took the position that
the President of the United States had committed
a "fundamental error" in stating that the Le-
compton convention was bound to submit the sla-
very clause to the people of Kansas, but was not
bound to submit any other portion of the consti-
tution. I am not going to discuss with the Sen-
ator the point whether this was a fundamental or
a superficial error, and yet I think it was an error.
I take the ground that the Lecompton convention
was not bound to submit the whole constitution,
or any part of it; and that the error into which
the President fell was not that stated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, but the one indicated by my-
self—to wit, in assuming that the convention was
under obligation to refer any part of the consti-
tution to the people. It might refer the whole, if
it chose; it might refer any part, if it chose; or it
might not refer either the whole or a part.
If this be not so, it seems to me that the whole
doctrine of non-intervention passes for nothing.
What, sir, lay down the broad principle that the
people of the Territory are to regulate their do-
mestic affairs in their own way, and then inter-
pose your authority at every step—tell them what
they shall and what they shall not do; that they
must submit this clause of the constitution and
that they need not submit others; or that they
must submit the whole constitution, or that they
shall not submit any part of it! I apprehend that
the true doctrine is—not only upon sound original
principles, but on the principles embodied in the
Kansas bill itself—that you have no right to inter-
pose your authority; but the people of Kansas,
or the convention speaking for the people, might
either submit the constitution or not, as they chose,
or submit the whole of it or any part of it. This
must be so if you leave them free to regulate their
own affairs in their own way.
I think the President erred. I think he fell into
an error in his instructions to Mr. Walker ori-
ginally on the subject of submitting the constitu-
tion to the people. In the instructions he says:
u When sueh a constitution shall be submitted to the
people of the Terntoiy, they must be piotccted in the exer-
cise of their right or voting: foi oi asjainft that instrument,
and the fair expression of the popular will must not be
interrupted by iiaud or violence."
This, I think, was an error; yet it was not so
grave an error as has been charged. Mark you,
the President did not say to Governor Walker,
as the Governor afterwards very adroitly assumed
he had said, that " the constitution must be sub-
mitted;" " it shall be submitted;" or "it ought to
be submitted." Reauthorized him to employ no
such language, but he assumed that it was to be
doneasamatterofcourse. I should have preferred
that the Presidenthad assumed no such thins:; but
rather that, in the language of the law itself, he
should have left the people of the Territory per-
fectly free, either to submit it or not, without any
suggestion from the executive power of this Gov-
ernment. But if you will scrutinize the language,
it will be seen thdt there is a vast dilfeienee be-
tween that employed by the President and that
attributed to him by those who choose to criticise
his instructions. While I say that I think the
President committed an error m this point, I must
also declare that it was an error into which he
i might very easily have fallen; for the reason that
there had been an assumption in the debates here
on the Minnesota question that these constitu-
tions must be submitted; and in the Minnesota
case, Congress determined thatit should be done.
The President, therefore, might very easily have
fallen into that error; and seeing that he did it,
innocently, inallprobability,and thatit amounted
to very little after he had fallen into it, I have
never felt disposed to criticise his instructions to
Mr. Walker. My criticism has always been on
the manner in which the instructions were car-
ried out. When the President assumed that the
thing was to be done, Mr. Walker had no right
to conclude that he had been ordered to have it
done. There is a great deal of difference between
assuming that a thing is to be done as a matter
of course, and ordering itby authority to be done,
whether the people like to have it done or not.
The instructions to which the sentence I have
quoted was a prelude, went to a different point.
The instructions were—and strangely enough,
the Republican Senators overlook them—that the
election should be a fair one; that the Governor
should, if necessary, use the military power of
the Government to prevent disturbances at the
polls. Assuming that the constitution was to be ,
submitted, not directing that it should be done,
the President gave the very proper direction that
the election should be fair; and that, if the mili-
tary power should be necessary, the Governor
should employ it to prevent either fraud or vio-
lence at the polls. Overlooking these proper in-
structions, the President is constantly criticised
as having given a specific instruction to do that
which he assumed would be done without instruc-
tion, or without invitation.
If this constitution be rejected, the fact can
never be disguised from the great American pub-
lic that it owes its rejection solely and entirely
to the slavery clause. Gentlemen may resort to
all manner of sophistry; they may resort to all
manner of argument; but still, at last, the broad
fact stands out staring the world in the face, that
the constitution is to be rejected because it toler-
ates slavery. It is true that the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] and the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] speak of what strike them
as objectionable features in the constitution, with
reference to banks, railroads, and schools, and all
that; but will one of them get up now and say,
" I would vote to reject the constitution solely on
these grounds?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to respond to that
interrogatory now. If the Lecompton constitu-
tion was a free-State constitution, I would vote to
reject it. To show the Senator from Mississippi
that he ought to have so inferred from my former
action, 1 will remind him that my speech against
it was made before the vote was taken on the 21st
of December, on the slavery clause, and at a time
when it was almostuniversally conceded that the
pro-slavery clause was to be voted out; and that
the constitution was to come here with a provis-
ion for "no slavery." My speech was made
against't under the probability that Kansas under
it was to be a free State. I took the ground then,
that you had no more right to force a free-State
constitution on the people against their will, than
you had to force a slave-State constitution on
them against their wishes. I now say to the Sen-
ator that my vote is given without any reference,
directly or indirectly, to the slavery question. It
is predicated on the great fact that a majority of
that people are utterly opposed to this instrument
i as their fundamental law, and that you have no
J right to force it upon them either as a slave-State
i or a fiee-State constitution against their will. If
1 they want a slave State, let them have it. I will
; | give them every chance to express an opinion for
j l a slave or a free State as they choose, and I will
ji take them into the Union whichever way they
|, decide that question.
ji Mr. STUART. I intimated yesterday my dis-
I i inclination to interfere with the speech of the Sen-
|! ator from Mississippi,and stated that at the proper
time I should take occasion to reply to all that
he had said of me, in full; and I had hope-l that
• the Senator would not find it necessary, in the
! fuither discussion of this question, to refer a^ain
: to me. He has done it, however, and done it in
| such a manner that my silence might authoiize
\ him, and authorize his constituents, for whom, he
|j informed us yesterday, he was speaking, to in-
;! fer that I should have voted for the admission of
Kansas with this constitution, if it had been a free-
State constitution. Now, sir, I stated distinctly
m my speech, and, if the Senator will take the
trouble to look at it he will find it there, that it
made no difference with me whether the constitu-
tion with slavery or the constitution without sla-
very were presented. And I stated then, show
mc that the constitution embodies the will of the
people of that Territory, and I shall vote for it,
whether I like its provisions or not; but, believing
that this instrument is decidedly against the will
and wishes of a large majority of that people, and
being convinced that this is no longer a debatable
point, but oiKfwhieh has been demonstrated by
