1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that people at the polls, I stated thatthere was no
power under the Constitution to admit them as a
State. The Constitution, in my judgment, au-
thorizes the admission of a State when requested
by a majority of its people; but not the coercion
of a State into the Union against a majority of its
people.
Mr. BROWN. Neither of the Senators has
answered my question. I was advertised before
that they were resisting the admission of Kansas
on the ground that her constitution was not ac-
ceptable to the people of Kansas; and yesterday
I answered thatobjection,and shall probably have
to repeat some of the arguments to-day: espe-
cially if this colloquy goes on. But the point
to which I was calling the attention of the Sena-
tors was this: they have criticised the railroad
policy, the banking policy, the school policy, and
other features embodied in this constitution. Will
they vote to reject the constitution on one or all
,of these grounds?
Mr. DOCJGLAS. I will answer again that I
should not vote to reject the constitution because
I did not like its railroad policy; or because I did
not like its revenue policy; or because 1 did not
like its system of elective franchise; or because I
did not like its slavery policy. I should not vote
against it on any or all of these grounds; but I
vote against it upon this ground: I do not care
what provision the people of Kansas insert in their
constitution on each, all. or any of these sub-
jects. Whatever they want to put there they may
have; but I vote against it because this consti-
tution does not meet their will—because they are
opposed to it. If they are opposed to it only be-
cause they do not like the elective franchise, you
have no right to force it on them. You have
no right—it if not your province—to judge of the
sufficiency of their objection. So with the slavery
question. My opposition, I repeat, has no con-
nection with the slavery question. 1 stand on the
principle that the people of Kansas have a right
to make their own constitution, and have it em-
body theirown will; and I will stand by that right,
whether the result be to make Kansas a slave
Suite or a free State, and any other motive at-
tributed to me is unjust, and proven to be unjust
by the fact that I denounced this as a fraud at
a time when it was universally conceded here
that the pro-slavery clause was to be stricken out.
Mr. GREEN. You say universally con-
ceded." I say, no, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps there may have
been here and there an exception, but I made the
objection at a time when the President of the
United States told all his friends that he was
perfectly sure the pro-slavery clause would be
voted down. I did it at a time when all or
nearly all the Senators on this floor supposed
the pro-slavery clause would be stricken out I
assumed in my speech that it was to be returned
out, and that the constitution was to come here
with that article rejected. I made my speech
against it therefore as a free-State constitution.
The whole speech proceeded on that ground.
Now I submit whether it is candid or just to in-
timate that my objection is on account of the
slavery clause? I stand here prepared to pvove,
and intend to prove, that this constitution is not
the act of the people of Kansas; that it does not
embody their will, and that there is no lawful au-
thority to put it in operation against their wishes.
Mr. BROWN. We have heard very often
from the Senator from Illinois that his objection
to the Lecompton constitution is chiefly and
mainly that it is not the act of the people. When,
however, I heard him elaborately criticise the
banking policy, the railroad, school, and other
policies indicated in the constitution, I took it for
granted that they had made some lodgment on ■
his mind. I was endeavoring to ascertain to what i
extent—whether to a sufficient extent to induce !
bim to Yote for a rejection of the constitution. I i
now understand him to say distinctly that he !
would not vote to reject the constitution on ac- !
count of any policy of that sort, either bank, rail- !
road, school, or any other. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. Or slavery.
Mr. BROWN. Or slavery, or all combined.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All combined would not
induce me to vote against it, provided it was the
will of the people.
Mr. BROWN. Then I come to discuss the
question with the Senator again, and very briefly
to recapitulate what I said yesterday on the point
of tins constitution being the act of the people. I
said then, and now repeat, that unless it is the
act of the people it is no constitution, and ought
not to be accepted; but I have one mode of ascer-
taining what is the will of the people, and the
Senator has another, and a different mode of as-
certaining it. If the will of the people has been
ascertained at the time and place, and in accord-
ance with the mode appointed by law, that is all
I require. If, as I undertook to show yesterday,
the ballot-box was thrown wide open, a free and
unrestricted invitation given to all men of all
parties to come forward and vote, and the time
was allowed to pass by, the opportunity to vote
was suffered to go unimproved, those who did not
vote cannot claim that they carried the election as
against those who voted. I undertook to illus-
trate that idea by showing that, if in a congres-
sional district on the day appointed by law, when
the ballot-boxes are ali opened, the judges, and
superintendents, and clerks all there, but one
third, nay, if but one tenth of all the votes are
polled for a particular candidate, he is elected, and
it is not competent for the other nine tenths to hold
a mass meeting on the next day, and declare the
election void. 1 said, ye.-terday, that I have two
honored colleagues in the other House of Con-
gress, who received at the election in Mississippi
about two fifths of all the votes in their districts.
They had no opponents. The opposition did not
vote because voting would be fruitless. A large
portion of their friends seeing that there was no
contest, did not vote, and but a small vote was
polled. I submit to Senators whether it would
be competent for the other throe fifths, who did
not vote, to call a mass meeting, and declare that
my veneiable fiiend, General GLuit.man, was not
clected a member of Congiess, because lie only
got two fifths of the votes of his district. He got
nbout five thousand votes out of some fourteen
thousand. The remainder were, presumed, as in
all such cases, to have acquiesced in the result;
but, whether they did or not, i take the ground
that they could not hold an election the next day,
and determine that General &ujtman was not
elected. When the time came, when the polls
were opened at the rightplace, and the people had
an opportunity to vote, if they did not do it, it
was their own fault.
The Senator from Illinois says he agrees with
me there. If lie dors., Tusk whether, in the man-
ner of submitting this constitution, all was not
done winch those who had taken part in the elec-
tion required to be done? That takes us back to
the election of delegates. 1 discussed yesterday,
and do not cate to repeat it ail to-day, the ques-
tion whetlu r, in the matter of disregarding instruc-
tions, as was char-rod upon Mr. Calhoun and his
associates, they had violated any public sentiment
m the Temtoiy to which they were m any wise
amenable. I do not discuss the question whether
they violated pledges or instructions or not; I
simply say thai there is no complaint from those
who,voted for them.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me
to interpose now, as I am about to go out, I will
only say this: so far as I am concerned, I have
no disposition to interrupt him, or raise any dis-
pute with him at this time m regard to his effort
to prove that this constitution is the will and the
wish of the people of Kansas. 1 should not have
interrupted him at alt, if he had not indicated at
least a design to charge me with an intention to
vote against the constitution because; it was now a
pro-slaveiy constitution, when I otherwise would
not have done so. That I thought was unfair,
when I hadentirelyshut the door against that con-
clusion in the very speech I made. I desire to
take as little of the time of the Senator as possi-
ble; and, therefore, shall say nothing further at
present.
Mr. BROWN. I am sure I am very glad to
hear the Senator say so; but unless he intended
to control his vote by his speech, I really cannot
see much use in making the speech. The greater
portion of the Senator's speech was taken up with
criticisms on the bank policy, the railroad policy,
the land policy, and the school policy of Kansas,
if he was not going to vote to reject the constitu-
tion on these gi ounds, I certamly do not see any
reason for assigning them as objections to the con-
stitution; however, our tastes differ on that sub-
ject.
On the point to which I was addressing myself
a few moments ago, a friend has handed me
speech, pronounced by a very distinguished states-
man of this country in 1843, which is so apposite
that I will take the liberty, with the indulgence of
the Senate, of having read one or two short para-
graphs. It is a speech pronounced by Mr Web-
ster, and published on the 19th of February, 1843,
in Niles's Register.
Mr. Green read, as follows:
" Is it not obvious enough that men cannot get together,
and count themselves, and say they arc so many hundreds
and so many thousands, and judge of their own qualifica-
tions, and call themselves the people, and set up   govern-
ment? Why,another set of men, for miles off, on the same
day, with the same propriety, with as good qualifications
and inn- large number-*, may meet and set up a government
for themselves—one may meet at Newport, and another at
Chepaehet,and both may call themselves the people. What
is tins but anaichy ? What liberty is there here but a tumult-
uary, tempestuous, violent, stormy liberty—a sort of South
American liberty, without power," except in spasms—a lib-
erty supported by arms to-day, crushed by arms to-morrow.
Is that our liberty?
"This regular action of popular power, on the other
hand, places upon public liberty the most beautiful face
that ever adorned that angel fonn. Alt is regular and har-
monious in us feature-., and sonde in its. operation. The
stream of public authority, under American liberty, run-
ning in thi* channel, has the strength of the Missouri, while
its waters are as transparent as those of a crystal lake. It
is powerful for good It produces no tumult, no violence,
and no vvlong. Ins well enough described in those lines
of Sir Thomas Penman—it is a stream
"1 Though deep yet clear, though gentle yet not dull,
Strong without rage, without o'erflowmg full.' "
Mr. DOUGLAS. I indorse heartily every word
there is in that beautiful passage from Mr. Web-
ster's speech. I should like to know on what
question it was made.
Mr. BROWN. On the Rhode Island question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So I supposed.
Mr. SIMMONS. T thought so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then it was a speech against
the right to change an existing constitution in op-
position to the constituted government in exist-
ence, and is a beautiful authority against the right
under the Lecompton constitution to change it in
any mode except that authorized by the Consti-
tution, and I am very much obliged to the Senator
for having quoted it on this occasion.
Mr. BROWN. I quote the sentiment for what
it says, that public opinion is to be ascertained
under the forms of law, and not through mob
meetings; I did not allude to the subject on which
it was made, though that subject lies in the line
of my speech, and I shall come to it by-and-by,
if I can only be permitted to proceed without in-
. terruption.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg the Senator's pardon
for interrupting him.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 wish to state that I would
not have intei rupted him if he had not specially
invited me. He said many things before in his
speech to which I wished to reply; but I per-
mitted them to pass in silence, because I did not
wish to interrupt him. I will say to him now,
while 1 am obliged to him for his courtesy, that
1 will not interrupt him any more.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to being
interrupted on a point which I have reached in
the progress of my speech; but bringing ui out-
side matters, gentlemen must see, takes a Senator
outside of the line of his argument, and when he
comes to publish it, it makes it cumbersome and
unwieldy.
When these interruptions were interposed, I
was about commenting on the charge (and I am
doing it for the second lime m answer to the Sen-
ator's suggestion, because I feel it necessary tp
put it in juxtaposition with what he has said on
the oft-repeated charge) that the delegates to the
convention disregarded the instructions and will
of their constituents. I said yesterday, I say again
to-day, that there is no charge coming up from
those who supported Mr. Calhoun and his asso-
ciates, that their will has been violated. Those
persons in Kansas who are denounced by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, by Governor Walker, and by
those who have watched their course and conduct
most critically,as traitors to the country, and who
did not take any part in the elections, now come
forward and complain that the delegates, not
chosen by themselves, and at elections in winch
they took no part, have not fulfilled their pledges.
I undertake to say, as I said yesterday, as a
Democratic Senator, that I am responsible on
party questions to the Democratic sentiment of
