1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«68t
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Would it be
in order to now amend the motion eo as also to
take up another bill?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should like to
amend so as to take up all the House bills on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion cannot be so amended.
Mr. KELSEY. I now ask to take up the first
of the bills i have indicated.
jSo objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. KELSEY. There is but a single amend-
ment of the Senate, which is to insert after the
word " heirs," the words, " or legatees." The
whole section is rewritten, but this'is really the
only change. I demand the previous question on
the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from New York allow me to make a
suggestion ? I do not think Congress has the right,
after the title of a warrant has vested, to dcclare
the course of dcsccnt, or where the title shall go.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is laboring under a mis-
apprehension. There is no right to the warrants
provided for in this bill at this time, but this bill
proposes to create a right de novo. It is held at
the Pension Office, under the present law, that if
a person entitled to a land warrant makes his ap-
plication and dies before the warrant is issued,
lie is not entitled to it. This bill is to vest that
right, notwithstanding he may die. The amend-
ment of the Senate proposes to amend the PXmiso
bill so as to give the applicantthe right to devise
by will the warrant, if it is not received before his
death. In the absence of a disposition by will,
the warrant goes to his heirs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I did not so
understand it. I have no objection to it if that is
the case.
Mr. KELSEY. I now insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and, under
the operation theieof, the Senate amendment was
concurred m.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House concurred in the amendment of
the Senate; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The House then took up, by unanimous con-
sent, and proceeded to consider the Senate amend-
ment to the bill of the House (No. 152) to author-
ize thePresidentof the United States, in conjunc-
tion with tbeState of Texas, to run and maik the
boundary lines between the territories of the Uni-
ted States and the State of Texas.
The Senate amended the bill by adding a pro-
viso, that no persons appointed by the State of
Texas, 111 connection with running and marking
said boundary, should be entitled to receive com-
pensation upon the part of the United States, and
also providing certain regulations in respect to the
survey.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied to be put. The amend-
ment of the Senate was then concurred in.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House concurred in the amendment of
the Senate; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PHILADELPHIA POST OFFICE.
The House, by unanimous consent, next took
up from the Speaker's table, for consideration of
the Senate amendments thereto, the joint resolu-
tion (FI. R. No 26) authorizing the arrangement
and disposal of public buildings in the city of
Philade'phia.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wish to say that the
amendment of the Senate provides that any prop-
erty sold shall be sold at public sale.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out ail after the enacting clau&c, and m lieu thereof
inMMt the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, tlie Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney General, be, and are hereby, author-
ized to decide whether the custom-house at Philadelphia
shall remain in its present location, or whether public con-
venience and interests require that the location of the cus-
tom hou'-e he changed to the ground and building purchased
of the Dank of Pennsylvania by authority of the law of the
adot August, .1354, for the purposes of a post office, and
the post office he removed to the present custom-house;
and also to decide whether it is-best to sell the buildme and
lot of ground now used for the purposes of the United
States court, and establish court-rooms in the building of the
present custom house; and that they he further authorized
and empowered to so arrange the buildings for said offices
and purposes as may, in their judgment, best promote the
public convenience : Provided, That the expenses incident
to such change and airangement of the buildings shall not
exceed the sum already appropriated for any or all of such
purposes, and any additional sum that may be received for
the budding and ground herein authorized to be sold: And
provided further, That should it be deemed best to sell the
said court-house building and lot of ground, the President
of the United Slates may cause the same to be sold after
due public notice.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion on tiie amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table « bill (S. No.
297) to extend an act entitled " An act to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans," ap-
I proved February 3, 1853.
1 Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it be in order,
I would wish that the House would proceed to
the consideration of all the bills upon the Speak-
er's table. We are now extending privileges to
piii ticular members; but if we go to the Speak-
er's table we will all have a chance.
There being no objection, Senate bill No 297
was taken up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 hope the
gentleman will yield to me that I may suggest an
amendment.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
call the attention of the gentleman from Louisi-
ana, and the House, to my amendment. There
is in the bill a proviso that limits the pension to
the half pay of a lieutenant colonel. I say that it
is unfair to limit the pension of those above the
rank of a lieutenant colonel to that of a lieutenant
colonel. You have few generals and few colonels
in the service, and it seems to me that the restric-
tion ought to be stricken out. I think that the
pensions ought to be according to rank. I am the
mine satisfied of that since the passage of acts in
the case of the widow of General Worth, and in
other like cases, where there was no more merit
than there is in the remaining cases. I move to
strike out the words:
" And that no gip.iter sum shall tie allowed to any Mich
widow or minor elnlrlien than the half pay ol" a lieutenant
colonel."
I ask leave to offer an amend-
I will hear the gentleman's
Mr. FENTON
ment.
Mr. DAVIDSON.
amendment.
Mr. COBB. Lot us know what we are doing.
The bill has not yet been read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. "Who is entitled
to the floor r
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T object to his
yielding to anybody. This is one ot* the most
important bills which has come before Congiess
at this session; and if amendments are allowed to
be put on it, it will be as large again. We ought
to have an opportunity to discuss the bill, and
have it rightly understood.
Mr. GROW. Had not the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fenton] the floor to move his amend-
ment ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. I do not yield for the amend-
ment to come in. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from New York in order?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I have offered an amendment
on which there has been no vote, and the gentle-
man's [Mr. Fenton's] amendment cannot cojMe
in as an amendment to my amendment.
Mr. JEWETT. I hope my colleague [Mr.
Marshall] will withdraw his amendment. It
will kill the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether the amend- •
ment of the gentleman from New York is in or-
der? If not, I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nor do I. I desire to hear it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand that
this bill was taken-up by general consent, with
the understanding that it would be put upon its
passage as it is, without any amendment.
The SPEAKER, The Chair did not sounder-
stand it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In order to
facilitate business, and let the bill pass, I with-
draw my amendment.
The bill was read. It grants to all those sur-
viving widows and minor children who have been
or may be granted and allowed five years' half
pay under the provisions of any law or laws of
the United States, a continuance, of such half pay
under the following terms and limitations: to such
widows during fife, and to such child or children,
where there is no widow, whilst under the age of
sixteen years, to commence from the expiration
of the half pay provided for by the first section
of the act entitled " An act to continue half pay
to certain widows and orphans," approved Feb-
ruarys, 1353; provided, however, that in case of
the marriage or death of any such widow, the
half pay shall go to the child or children of the
deceased officer or soldier whilst under the age of
sixteen years; and, in like manner, the child or
children of such deceased officer orsoldier, when
there is no widow, shall he paid no longer than
while there are children or a child under the age
aforesaid; provided, further, that the half pay of
such widows and orphans shall be half the monthly
pay of the officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates of the infantry of the reg-
ular Army of the United States, and no more, and
! that no greater sum shall be allowed to any such
! widow or minor children than the half pay of a
lieutcnantcolonel; provided also, that the act shall
not be construed to apply to or embrace the case
of any person or persons now receiving a pension
for life; and, further, that wherever half pay shall
have been granted by any special act of Congress,
and is renewed orcontinued under the provisions
of this act, the same shall commence from the
date hereof,
Mr. FENTON. I ask that my amendment
may now be read.
|j The amendment was read, as follows:
|1 Sec. 3. Jiml I'C tl further cnacted, That Ihc second sec-
i tion of the act apptovd tho 3d day of Febiuaiy, 1853. enti-
tled " An act to continue half pay to certain widows and
' oiphans," shall be construed, in accordance with the de-
' j cisiou of tlie Court of Claim* m the case of Jane Smith, S3
|! granting penMon^ to the widows therein provided foi, from
■ the 4111 dav of March, 1848; and that all amounts due under
, i said second section ot the act aioresaid, for pen-ions accru-
11 log between said 4th day of Mulch, 18-18, and the 3d day of
j! Fein nary, 1853, shall be paid to the peisons respectively
!, entitled thereto, at the several pension agencies,out ot' any
j| money in tlie Treasury not otherwise appropriated, under
! such rules and regulations as may he prescribed by the Sec-
relary of the Interior : Provided, That no pension shall lie
11 allowed to anv widow for the same time duiiiigwtiiell her
hu.-b.ind v, a-, hvnur, and m the leceipt of a pension.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to state that
II the subject embraced in this amendment has been
! before the Court of Claims and before the Com-
i mittee of Claims. It arises on the construction
ll of the act of February 3, 1853. This is declar-
'' atory of the meaning of the act of 1853, The
j question arises in this way. In 1848, Congress
i passed a law granting pensions to widows of ofH-
! ceis and soldiers 
Mr. COBB. If the question is open to debate,
I desne to debate it.
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Louisiana called the previous question.
!l Mr. FENTON. I hope the gentleman will
|i withdraw the call for the previous question, so
as to let me offer my amendment.
: Mr. DAVIDSON declined to withdraw the pre-
!| vious question, and called for tellers.
ii Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall
!! of Kentucky, and Waldkon, were appointed.
