1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator-make that motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. I move that it
be printed.
Mr. BIGLER. The deficiency bill, as I un-
derstand, has been made the special order for to-
day at half past twelve o'clock; and if the motion
t© print were adopted, it would seem to deprive us
of .the, opportunity of using that important paper
in the consideration of the bill-today. I think it
is such a document as can be understood by a
reading at the Clerk's desk. I suggest that the
motion to print may involve the whole .question of
proceeding with the deficiency bill to-day. With
that view, I do not feel like voting in favor of print-
ing the document.
Mr. HUNTER. If we now order this docu-
ment to beprinted, we shall not have it here while
we are discussing the deficiency bill. I want to
get that bill up to-day. It is the special order.
The manuscript papers communicated can be ex-
amined by any gentleman-
Mr.. SLID ELL. Why not let the order be
made for the printing'
Mr. HUNTER. It wou'ld go out of the pos-
session of the Senate, and thus delay the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. GREEN. Let us keep the paper in the
possession of the Senate, but order it to be printed,
so that it can be sent to the printers when we ad-
journ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand that
making an order for printing a paper takes it from
the control of the Senate. I suppose that a copy
will be furnished to the printers. I am not advised
upon that subject, but I suppose they do not set
up the type from the original papers. We may,
therefore, have the use of the document to -day, and
by to-morrow morning we may have it printed, if
we order the printing now. This is a very im-
portant matter.
Mr. HUNTER. The printers do set up from
the original papers. We have not force enough
here to copy the papers before sending them to be
printed. If it were not for that, I should much
rather have the order made. They cannot lie
printed, however, unless we send the papers away
from the Senate. That is the only objection I
have to il; wo shall lose possession of the papers,
and we want them here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that the
practice was as stated by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. It seems to me very extraoidinary that
the, original papers should be sent to the printing
office from the Senate,
Mr. HUNTER. Such is the practice, as 1 un-
derstand it. There is not force enough in the
Secretary's office to eopy the papers sent here, in
order to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed there were
clerks in the offices who made these copies for the
printer. It ought to be so. Surely, it is a very
unsafe way of transacting the business of the
Senate, to allow its original papers to be sent off
to the printing office. If such is the practice, and
the original paper is to go to the printer, I trust
that it will still be ordered to be printed. This
bill involves an appropriation of many millions
of money, and we want to see the foundation for
it. At this time, all of us upon all sides of the
Senate, are desirous, I trust, of economizing in
the expenditures of the Government. This is no
party question; at least it ought to be no party
question; and I trust it is not to run into one. The
party in power professes to be in favor of an eco-
nomical .administration of the Federal Govern-
ment. If these largo appropriations are all right,
let us have the means of examining and ascertain-
ing that they are right. It cannot make so much
difference whether this bill passes to-day or to-
morrow, as to require that Senators should be
compelled to vote upon it without understanding
it distinctly. I want to see this document, ana
examine it. If the bill is to be taken up in half
an hour, and we are to rely upon going to the
Clerk's table and examiningit, we know how im-
perfect the examination ot' every one must be;
and but one Senator at a time could make the ex-
amination. I hope the order to print will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest that, if
the chairman of the Committee on Finance wishes
to take up the bill to-day, we can do that, and
dispose of the propositions fiom our committee
in regard to striking out certain clauses, upon
which there will become debate, and let the other
matters go over until to-morrow. We can have
these papers printed by to-morrow morning with- ■
out difficulty. I suppose.we can make.some ad-
vance ill the bill in that way to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will my colleague allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the order to print
might be made, and still the papers be retained
in the Senate until we adjourn. They can then
be printed, and laid on our tables to-morrow
morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
The motion to print was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.HAMLIN presented the memorial ofGeorge
M. Weston, commissioner of the State of Maine,
submitting an account of that State against the
United States, under the fourth and fifth articles
of the treaty of Washington, and praying for an
appropriation to satisfy the same; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. .
He also presented the memorial of Thomas
Crown, praying to be allowed damages occasioned
by the abrogation of contract made by him with
Captain Blaney, for furnishing bricks for the for-
tifications of Oak Island; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of Dan-
iel B. Ilibbard, praying for payment for his ser-
vices in carrying the mail, under a special contract
with the deputy postmaster at St. John's, Michi-
gan; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of mer-
chants of New Orleans, piaying that the " Col-
lins line of steamers" be sustained; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented a report of a committee of
the Chamber of Commerce of New Oilcans, in fa-
vor of the establishment of a line of mail steamers
between New Orleans and Bordeaux, as proposed
by the memorial of W. C. Barney and others;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented two memorials of cit-
izens of Philadelphia, praying that an appropria-
tion may be made for carrying the mails between
Philadelphia and Southampton in the Collins line
of steamers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of the
agent of the State of Massaclmset Is, praying that
an appropriation may be made for paying the
claims of that State against the United Slates,
arising under the treaty of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BROWN presented the memonal of Jonas
P. Levy, relative to his claims against Mexico,
and praying for the interposition of Congress for
their settlement; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of Wil-
liam Woodbury and other business men of Port-
land, Maine, praying for the enactment of a gen-
eral relief law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Jiidiciaiy.
Mr. WRIGHT pieseuled a memorial of citi-
zens of Newark, New Jersey, praying that a sys-
tem of instruction may be introduced on board
our ships of war as a means of improving the per-
sonnel of the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OS' COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a repoit from ihe
Court of Claims on the case of the claimants of ;
the brig General Aimstrong, submitted a report.J
accompanied by a bill (>S. No. 273) for the relief j
of the owners, offieei s, and crew, of the brig Gen- .
era! Armstrong. The bill was read, and passed i
to a second leading, and the report was ordered j
to be printed. j
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat- .
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Randall Pegg, submitted a report ]
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 274) for his relief. ,
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading, !
and the report was ordered to be printed. ~ 1
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jeremiah Pendergast,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
275) for his relief. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN aiked, and by unanimous
consent obtained," leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
276) for the relief of Mrs. Ambrosie Brou, of the
parish of St. Charles, State of Louisiana; which
was read twice -by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announcing
that the President had signed and Approved the
following acts:
An act to authorize a register to be issued to the
steamer Fearless.
An act for the relief of the owners of the bark
Attica, of Portland, Maine.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, one of their
clerks, announcing that the Speaker had signed
the following enrolled bills; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 202) for the relief of Major Jer-
emiah Y. Dashiell, paymaster in the United States
Army;
A bill (H. *R. No. 208) for the relief of the heirs
of Alexander Stevenson;
A bill (H. R. No. 212) for the relief of N. C.
Weems,of Louisiana; and
A bill (II. R. No. 213) for the relief of Francis
Wlodecki.
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE,
Mr. HOUSTON. I gave notice on Thursday
last that i should move this morning to take up
the resolutions some time since introduced by me
in relation to the condition of affairs in Mexico;
but, m consequence of the press of business, I
shall not move to call it up this morning, but I
intend to do so to-morrow morning.
THE SHIP SUSQUEHANNA.
Mr. MASON. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion, which 1 hope the Senate will now consider:
Resolved, Tlmt the Seeretaiy of the Navy tie directed to
eoimnuniciue to ihe Senate copies of any coire&poudence
or other papoi* eont.mnnL' information of the condition of
the Hinted States slap Susqiiehaniu, on her late arrival at
the island of Jamaica, and of the reception and assistance
extended 10 her officers and crew, disabled by sickness, by
the naval and civil autliontie^of tjreat Britain at that inland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it a resolution of in-
quiry ?
Mr. MA SON. It is merely a resolution directing
the Secretary of the Navy to send in certain cor*
respondence. I will say, in a word, that we have,
through the newspapers, an account of the arrival
of the ship Susquehanna at Kingston, in the island
of Jamaica, with a large partof her crew and officers
in a very disabled condition by the yellow fever.
It comes through the newspapers only, but it is
accompanied by a statement that very great and
diligent attention was shown to them on their ar-
rival by the naval authorities, and the admiral in
command of the British squadron on that station.
The circumstances attending it, I am sure, will ad-
dress themselves as of very great interest to the
sympathies of the American people. I desire to
obtain the correspondence, that it may be laid offi-
cially befure the country, and that the Senate, as
one branch of Congress, may take into considera-
tion whether this is an occasion for u national rec-
ognition of such signal services.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. HUNTER. As it is within five minutes
of the time set for the special order, 1 move that
the deficiency bill be now taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that is taken up,
I wish to make a motion which I suppose will
give rise to no debate, and it is a privileged mat-
ter. It wiil be remembered by the Senate that
some time ago a resolution was adopted author-
izing the taking of testimony in the case of the
contested election of Senators from the State ot
Indiana, At the request of persons in Indiana. I
