872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
mv State, and to no other sentiment*, and if I
stand to-day under a pledge to ray party to do a
particular thing, and to-morrow they hold meet-
ings and absolve me from the obligation to redeem
the pledge, then I am free, and no one else has
the right to complain. Sir, it is a pretty business >
if the enemy may force a man to redeem pledges \
to his own friends, when his friends do not want j,
the pledges redeemed. Now, I undertake to say u
that Mv. Calhoun and his associates were released h
in public meetings, by their friends, from any real j]
or supposed obligations to redeem their pledges, i
and they never have complained. The complaint !j
comes from a different quarter. It comes from j,
men who are in open rebellion against the gov- \ \
ernment there; who refused to take any part in ij
the election; who trampled the authority of Con- j!
gress under foot, and could only be kept down by ! \
the presence of an armed soldiery in their midst. ,i
I simply protest that they have no right to make !!
complaints. If they have not, and if the consti- 1|
tution was made in accordance with the will of j!
those who triumphed in the election, and was ii
submitted so far as they required that it should
be submitted, who else has a right to complain? i
1 shall not go over all these points again. !
Mr. President, if Congress has the right to
reject this whole constitution, has it not a right to
ieject any part of it? Does not the major propo- 1
sihon include the minor? If you have the light :
to reject the constitution for any other reason than
that reserved in the Constitution of the United Ij
States, to wit, that it is not republican, where are
you to stop? If you reject the whole, cannot you ,j
simply reject the pro-slavery clause, or the bank '
clause, or the railroad clause, or anything else :
that may be objectionable to you? If you can, :!
what becomes of the doctrine of non-intervention i
—this boasted doctrine that the people may form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their ;>
own way, subject only—not, mark you, to your
authority; subject not to the authority of Congress , ■
or the Pieside'nt; but subject only to the authority |
of the Constitution of the United States—that
Constitution which affixes but one condition, that 1
the constitution of the State asking admission ,
shall be republican in form. :j
I have asked what becomes of the doctrine of ;
non-intervention ? and I would ask, again, what I!
becomes of this boasted doctrine that the people ;
are to be allowed, in the name of popular sover- !i
cignty, to regulate their domestic affairs in their
own way, if you arc to interpose at every point to '
tell them what they shall do and what they shall-
not do, and not only what they shall do, but when !;
and how they shall do it ? It is well known that I
have very little respect for the doctrine of " pop-
ular sovereignty. I always legarded it as a
catch-word of politicians. 1 always believed that '
it would lead to mischief. It has fed to mischief. ■'
What gives you your disturbance in Utah (o-day
but this clap-trap about popular sovereignty?
You told Brigham Young and his deluded follow-
ers that they were popular sovereigns: that they ■
had the right to do as they pleased; and they very
naturally inquired, "if we have, by what author-
ity do you assume to appoint a Governor to iule
us, judges to expound our laws, and marshals and
sheriffs to execute them We are popular sov-
ereigns; these things belong tous." The Presi-
dent told them that they were popular sovereigns; ■
the Secretary of State told them so; all the great '
men in the land told them so; and all the little '
ones, too, except myself and one or two others. •.
They believed it, and because they believed it and
acted on their convictions, you are going to do— ;
what? Send an army there to shoot thenj, every :
one. I am not interposing any apology for Brig- .
ham. I think he was a great fool ever to believe
politicians, but I would not shoot him because he t
is a fool. I simply say that his course is a legit- ,
imate and fair consequence from the doctrines ,
which you gave him. You told him that he and ,
his people were sovereigns of the land, and he
acted like a sovereign. He will not give up the '
office of Governor to the President or any body else, \
and he has turned yourjudges out of the Territory.
The same doctrine prevails in Kansas. JimLanc :
and his followers think that they are popular sov-
ereigns; that they have aright to do as they please;
to overturn the lawful government if they are in
a majority, and do it without going through the
forms of law; that they have nothing to do but
"call a mass meeting at Topeka, resolve that they i1
are a majority, then act on their resolves, and j
overturn the government. It is a very convenient j
way of solving a difficulty, I grant you; something j
like the old resolves in New England, when the |
people resolved that the earth and the fullness j
thereof was the Lord's and his saints, and then i
they resolved that they were the saints of the
Lord; and so took possession of the land.
I said to the Senator from Illinois, a short
time ago, that the Rhode Island matter lay in
the course of my remarks, and that I would
come to it presently. I will take it up here. The
difficulty as to the Rhode Island case, I appre-
hend, was that by the election laws of that State, |
a very large portion of the people were disfran- j
chised; that is, they were not allowed to vote. !
They had property and other qualifications there
which disfranchised a large portion of the people.
These who were disfranchised, together with
their friends who had the right to vote, had a
majority; but of the voting population, a major-
ity was opposed to changing the constitution.
They appealed and appealed again for the privi-
lege of voting, so as to show that the whole adult
population of the State would change the consti-
tion if the privilege was given them; but the
Legislature refused. j
Mr. SIMMONS. If it is of any consequence |
at all to have the facts in the argument, I will tell ,
the Senator he is mistaken about the facts. !
Mr. BROWN. Very well. I
M'\ SIMMONS. If it is of no consequence I j
will not interrupt the Senator.
Mr. BROWN. If I am mistaken in the facts j
as«far as I have gone, of course I wish to be cor- j
rected. j
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated the facts the other I
day, in the little allusion 1 had occasion to make 1
to them. At the time those meetings were being ;
held and before they began to be held, the gov- j
ernment of Rhode Island had authorized a con-
vention for the purpose of framing a constitution ;
with the view of altering this matter; but in order j
to prevent that or to prevent another party from :
having the credit of it, these people began to roast J
oxen and have the sort of meetings which I de-
scribed the other day. These are the facts, if i
they are of any consequence.
Mr. BROWN. Of course I shall make no point
with the Senator from Rhode Island as to the
facts of that controversy. I was only stating them
briefly as I understood them, byway of showing
the ground for the position I was going to take;
but 1 can do it as well without a recapitulation of
the facts of that case. It is sufficient for me that
the Dorr party in Rhode Island undertook to
change the constitution of the State, or to make
a new constitution, without going through the
forms of law, and withoutlegal sanction; and Mr.
Webster, on thatproposition,whatevermay have
been the precise facts of the case, pronounced the
speech which has been read here to-day. Now,
it the doctrine of popular sovereignty is to pre- j
vail, law or no law, then Dorr was right, because j:
ho and his friends constituted, as I understand, a |j
majority of all the people, though they were riot !
a majority of the voters of Rhode Island. If they 1,
could have voted, I dare say they would have ap- ij
pealed to the ballot-box. I always understood 1;
that to be the fact. Very many of them, as I 'j
said before, had the privilege of voting, but many ji
of them had not. I do not pretend to say that j!
Dorr did right. I think he did very wrong. I ;j
, never sympathized with his movements, but I ij
thought his party were an oppressed party. That 11
was my opinion; but I saw only one way of h
changing the organic law or laws of any kind, j;
and that was to do it in the mode pointed out by j j
! the law—through the peaceful agency of the bal- \\
1 lot-box; and anything else is revolution. ii
But if the popular-sovereignty doctrine is to .[
prevail, Dorr was right if he had the majority on ,J
his side. If he had the majority on his side, he j-
: had the right to control the government, law or no ■]
law, precisely as Brigham Young is trying to con- 'I
, trol the Government of Utah, law or no law;
precisely as Lane and his Topeka followers are j|
undertaking to control Kansas, law or no law. !'
They claim to be the majority, and it was to that < j
point I wished to invite the attention of the Sen- \ \
ator from Illinois. It was to the point that these |l
movements in Kansas were without sanction of j!
any binding or valid law; that the law, so far as !j
the constitution was concerned, had fulfilled its ||
entire mission when the election was held and the
votes returned, and by no subsequent act of the
Legislature could theconstitution thus formed be
overturned, and much less could it be done
through the agency of mass meetings or popular
clamor. Therefore it was that I said to the Sen-
ator that I choose to gather public opinion through
theagencies appointed by law, through the ballot-
box, and at the time and in the manner prescribed
by the statutes. The Lecompton constitution
has been adopted, if that be the rule. If, on the
other hand, we are to take the Dorr rule, or the
Brigham Young rule, or the Jim Lane rule, and
appeal to the masses without law, then it may
be that the constitution has not been adopted.
I have said, and I repeat, that the Senator from
Illinois brought forward the Kansas bill origin-
ally, and he, of all men, is called upon to make
the greatest sacrifice to sustain it according to the
letter of the law as drafted by himself. Whatever
other men might do, it does not lie in the mouth
of the Senator from Illinois to avoid the force of
the contract by any resort to special pleading.
He, at least, ought to give it a fair and full and
liberal construction, and mete out to us all that it
gives, knowing, as he does, that his Democratic
friends at the South accepted it with extreme re-
luctance. There is more than one Senator in my
eye who will bear me witness that I voted for his
bill with extreme reluctance. I had seen how
compromises had been construed away before;
how compacts, into which we had entered, had
been kept with Punic faith, and I was slow to go
into it. I went for it as much because I thought
I was following a gallant leader who, come what
might, would adhere to the law, and see that we
had justice under it, as for any other reason; but
when, as I think, he abandons it, my feeling of
regret for ever having gone for it, is greatly quick-
ened. For a long time I thought the Senator did
mean to give us the Kansas-Nebraska law in its
purity. I recollect that when Senators on the
other side first raised the cry against the fraud-
ulent Territorial Legislature, as they termed it—
first denounced it as a bogus Legislature, forced
on Kansas by the people of Missouri—with what
indignation the Senatorfrom Illinois rose to repel
the charge; how stoutly he stood up for the legit-
imacy of that Legislature; how he hurled the fire-
brands back into the teeth of gentlemen. Still they
make these charges; still they make it as the grou nd
work of all theirspeeches,thatthe Legislature was
a bogus Legislature. ThejuniorSenator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] in commencing his speech
on this subject the other day®, laid the foundation
of it in the charge that this was a fraudulent and
bogus Legislature; that the laws which it had
passed were no laws at all; and the charge yester-
day was reiterated with greater earnestness by the
Senator from Massachusetts. Why was not the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas,] then as quick
as in days gone by to rise and repel these charges
against this Legislature ? He had reported to Con-
gress, he had time and again spoken to us,he had
satisfied me at least, thaf it was as fair a Legis-
lature as ever was chosen, and as much entitled to
make laws.
The principles of the Kansas bill were carried
into the Cincinnati platform. There again they re-
ceived the cordial approbation of the Senatorfrom
Illinois. It was never until this constitution had
been formed, and was upon the eve of being sent
to us, (for nothing was to be gone through with
but the mere form of an election before the people
on the slavery clause,) that we heard the first com-
plaint from the Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las.] Then it was that he interposed objection;
arid T beg leave to say to the honorable Senator
that while I accept as true all he has said to-day,
still I think the facts justify me, and justify his
southern friends, in believing that slavery has
something to do with resistance even on his part.
Mark you, I do not charge that it is so, because
the Senator denies it, and what an honorable Sen-
ator asserts I will not deny where I have no proof;
and I can have none in a case of this sort. I only
state the facts as reasons for my own conclusions.
The Senator complains, and has complained
heretofore—perhaps it was not exactly a com-
plaint, but he has said—that there was a disposi-
tion among some of his Democratic brethren to
read him out of the party. I have no such dis-
position. I should part with him with extreme
regret. I am sure there is not a Democrat in all
