1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
applied, a few days since to the Secretary of the
Senate for a copy of the resolution, supposing that,
as a matter of course, it would be furnished, so
that in case any of the parties mentioned in the
resolution should desire to take testimony in In-
diana, they might have a certified copy of the res-
• olution before them, which they seemed to sup-
pose would be proper. • Perhaps the testimony
could be taken without any such certified copy,
but it would certainly be proper that a certified
copy of the resolution should be before the offi-
cer by whom the testimony is taken, in case any
should be taken. The Secretary of the Senate
seemed to have some hesitation about furnishing
a certified copy of the resolution, and rather pre-
ferred that 1 should move the Senate that he be
directed to furnish it. I now make that motion,
that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
furnish a certified copy of the resolution which
passed the Senate, authorizing the taking of testi-
mony in the case alluded to, to any of the parties
mentioned in the resolution, on their application.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
inform the Senator from Illinois that there is a
motion now pending before the Senate, which is
to proceed to the consideration of the deficiency
bill, and that his motion, at this time, is not in
order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. If the vote on the resolution
can be taken without debate, I shall not object,
but if it will lead to debate, I must object.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. I imagine there will be
no debate upon it. I suppose there will be no
resistance to my proposition.
Mr. BRIGHT. I apprehend there will be no
objection whatever to granting the order moved
by the Senator from Illinois. I will, however,
avail myself of this occasion, as I have of every
occasion when this case has been referred to, to
state that I am very anxious to have it disposed
of. So far as the taking of testimony is concerned,
I have never myself attached a great deal of im-
portance to it. My colleague and myself have
differed somewhat, on that head. 1 am content to
rely upon the Journal of the House, whicai con-
tains substantially a correct history of the case,
with the exception of one single point, as to which
testimony has already been taken in the form of
ex parte affidavits. I am ready myself to have the
case submitted to the committee, and, so far as it
is proper for me to express a preference as to the
time, I would be glad if the committee would take
it up to-day, to-morrow, next day, or, in other
words, at the earliest period of time consistent
with their other engagements. Entertaining not
a particle of doubt about the validity of the elec-
tion under which t hold my seat, I hear with im-
patience, I confess, an allusion from any quarter
which questions that right; and nothing but an
unwillingness to obtrude myself upon a body that
I have the profound respect for that I have for
this has prevented me from making a personal
appeal to Senators to take up and dispose of my
case at least. I do not know for what purpose S
this order is asked. If my colleague wishes to take j
other testimony than that which ho now has, or j
if those for whom the Senator from Illinois speaks
for desire to do so, I hope it will be done without
delay. Action is what I desire.
Mr. HUNTER. If no further remarks are to
be made, I shall not object to the consideration of
the resolution of the Senator from Illinois; but if
there are to be further remarks, I hope the Senate
will lay it over until to-morrow morning, so that
we may take up the deficicncy bill, and make some
progress in its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to make
any argument, but to present a single suggestion
In reply to the Senator from Indiana. I think he
is entirely right in wishing an early decision of
this case, and it is due to him that it should be
early decided. I have thought so from the begin-
ning. I do not make the application for this di-
rection to the Secretary at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, but at the instance of parties
who wrote to me fiom Indiana upon the subject;
that in case they desired to take testimony it was
thought to be desirable to have certified copies of !
the resolution. j
Mr. FITCH. I hope this case will be disposed '
of at the earliest opportunity. My colleague has j
stated to the Senate what he has latterly uniformly i
stated in substance to me, namely: that no other j
evidence to fully establish our rights to our seats, '
in the estimation of any unprejudiced man, was
necessary, than our credentials and the record;
and, consequently, that he did not attach much
importance to oral testimony. I will ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for the purpose of stating
briefly the reasons which induced me to desire
such testimony, and,at the time, and untillately,
to deem it material.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, and that
this matter cannot be proceeded with unless by
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. It will take but few minutes to
go on with it and fix an early day for its decision.
I agree with the Senatorfrom Illinois and my col-
league, that it should be early decided; and cer-
tainly the quicker it is decided, the more agree-
able to me.
I left Indianapolis in February, 1857, to ta'ke
my seat here, the Legislature of Indiana being
then in session. On my arrival, I found a protest
purporting to be from certain members of the
General Assembly,accompanied by what was rep-
resented to be extracts from the Journals of the
Senate and House. Knowing the proceedings of
these bodies up to the time of my departure, from
personal observation, I saw that what were rep-
resented to be extracts from the Senate's Jour-
nal were not true records of the proceedings of
that body in the matter relative to which they
were offered in evidence, and I knew of no other
or better way to establish the truth' than by oral
testimony; and hence asked, last session, in the
following language, that the Senate should au-
thorize it to be taken:
" The undersigned, in conclusion, submits what, indeed,
must be obvjous to the committee, that as thg witnesses and
proofs to the matter above stated are only to be had m the
State of Indiana, and can only properly be obtained by care-
ful examination, and under the superintendence of himself,
that it cannot be m his power to procure it at this or the
approaching exti a session of the United States Senate, even
were he to abandon Ins duty as a Senator, which he has no
right to do, and proceed at once to the place where the test-
imony is to be had. He further submits, therefore, that the
committee will so dispose of the matter now as wiH enable
him and the contestants, at a future period, to present the
entire ease fairly and fully before them."
I did not contemplate leaving the Senate during
the session to take the testimony, but intended it
should be taken during the recess. A resolution
authorizing the testimony was introduced by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and failed. I need
not more than refer to the circumstances under
which it failed. It failed in consequence of op-
position on the other side of the Chamber. Had
it then passed, the testimony would have been
taken, and the matter long since been decided.
Soon after the Senate adjourned, and I gave the
matter no further attention.
Early in this session the same, or a similar, res-
olution was introduced from the same committee,
and adopted. I have been anxious for weeks, as
is welt known to my colleague, and others, to
leave here for the purpose of giving the notice,
and taking testimony, contemplated by the reso-
lution, but have not felt at liberty, in the present
and past condition of the public business, to do
so; and have been particularly unwilling to leave,
and been asked not to leave, during the pendency
of the all-absorbing Kansas question, which has
created so much feeling here and throughout the
country. There may, or may not, be time to take
the testimony, and have it here by the day fixed
by the resolution. Whether there be or not, I am
not disposed to ask another hour's delay; for,
since the adoption of that resolution, printed
copies of the Senate and House Journals have,
for the first time, fallen under my observation, and
been examined by me; and 1 find much that I
wished to prove matter of record in the House
Journal. I am willing, therefore, and wish the
case submitted, and early decided, upon the rec-
ord , and such evidence as has been, or can be, ob-
tained in this city. Let that, though ex parte, like
the statements of the protestants, go to the com-
mittee and the Senate. It will be taken into con-
sideration by them, and, hke_ the protestants
statements, that weight given it to which they
may deem it entitled. I trust, therefore, that the
matter will be called up at once, at the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, not for the purpose
of delay, but for reference to the committee, and
a report and decision at the earliest day on which
the Senate can agree.
Mr. HUNTER. If the vote can be taken with-
out any remarks, I will suspend my motion; But
if not, and if there is anything more to b® said, I
must call for the special order." '. -
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ihave no remarks to make.
I am willing that the vote should be taken on the
resolution. I suppose there will be no objection
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to consider and pass the res-
olution to-day.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, and it was adopted; as
follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate furnish, on
application by any individual desiring to possess the same,
an authenticated copy of the resolution agreed to on the 16th
of February, authorizing testimony to be taken in reference
to the election of the Hon. Jesse D, Bright, and Hon. Gra-
ham N. Fitcb, as Senators from the State of Indiana.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 306)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1858, which had been reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance with two amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause;
To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
House, for reporting the debates of the present session of
Congress, the usual additional compensation of $800 each,
$4,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr, President, that is a gra-
tuity which is usually made by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and sometimes by the Senate, to their
reporters. It is a sum over and above what is
agreed by contract to be paid to John C. Rives '
for reporting. It was put in by the House of
Representatives; and being a mere gratuity, it
was deemed inappropriate to the deficiency bill.
For one, I do not know how far it is right to make
these gratuities. You contract for a certain sum;
and if that is not enough, you ought to give more
by contract, and not do it by these provisions for
extra pay. At any rate, this deficiency ,bill is not
the place for it. it is generally made at the end
of a session by resolution, and it ought to be pro-
vided for out of the contingent fund, or in the, gen-
eral appropriation bill. It would seem to, be just,
therefore, either to strike this out, or else have an-
other appropriation of equal amount {or our own
reporters, who ought to be put on the same foot-
ing. Bat, sir, this is no place for the item, and
I hope the Seuate will strike it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment was to strike out the
third section of the bill in the following words:
Sec:. 3. Jind be it furlker enactcdy That the accounting
officers of the Treasur> be authorized and directed to allow
credit to the Cierk of the IIou«e of Representatives for such
payments out of us contingent fund as have been, or may
be, made, under allowances authorized by the House of
Representatives during the last Congress: Provided, That
said allowances shall have been duly approved by the Com-
mittee on Accounts : Jind be it further provided, That the
said allowances he paid out of any moneys in the Treasmy
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. This item in the deficiency
bill is founded upon a resolution passed by the
House of Representatives, making certain pro-
visions for extra pay, some of which provisions
went back several years, I believe, in the case of
one or two of their officers. When this item in
his accounts was presented by the Clerk of the
House to the Comptroller of the Treasury, he re-
fused to pay it, because it was in opposition to
the act of the 3d of March, 1845, which provides
that—■
"No past of the appvopiiations which may be made for
the contingent expenses of cither House of Congress, shall
be applied to any other than the ordinary expenses of the
Senate and House of Representatives respectively, nor as
extia allowance to any clcrk, messenger, or attendant, of
the said two Houses, or either of them, nor as payment or
compensation to any cleik, messenger, or other attendant,
who is so employed by a resolution of one of said Houses,
nor in the purchase of books to be distributed to members."
Under the provisions of this law, the Comp-
troller and Secretary of the Treasury refused to
allow this item in the Clerk's account, and re-
fused to pay this sum, it being in opposition toa.
law which was passed by the whole Government,
and the authority being only the resolution of one
House. But inasmuch as it had been the prac-
tice before and since the passage of the law of
1645, to pass such resolutions in the House of
