m'4
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 4,
rriay be able to keep in the way hereafter. I wish
to ask him whether or not, if the constitution of
Kansas, or any other State, comes here correct in
ail its forms, so far as paper and ink are concerned,
it is competent for the Senate or Congress to look
behind the forms to facts that are not patent upon
the papers which are presented ? That is the sim-
ple question I wish to ask, and I believe it is per-
tinent to the train of argument in which the Sen-
ator has been indulging. If a State comes here
applying for admission with everything, so far as
p&per and ink are concerned, so far as is shown
on the face of the papers, all correct, and it is con-
tended and admitted that there has been a fraud,
is it competent for Congress to look behind and
beyond the returns, to that fraud, on the question
of admission ?
Mr. BROWN. Unquestionably, if it is a clear
and palpable case of fraud. If one man, for in-
stance, should to-day make out a constitution for
Nebraska, or make out a constitution for Oregon,
and should present it here, and the charge should
be distinctly made, it would be competent to in-
quire whether it was not a fraud of that sort. Un-
questionably it would.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to be left in doubt.
The Senator says it would be competent to in-
quire, if the fraud were clear and palpable. A thing
that is clear and palpable, exists on the face of the
papers. My question is not as to a patent fraud
that is palpable on the face of the paper; bat where
the allegation is that there is fraud behind the
paper, and though tiie figures are well enough.
It is said that " figures cannot lie;" but it is for-
gotten that those who make them can. My ques-
tion is, whether the paper and figures, being right,
yet there being a suggestion that there is a fraud
behind—not patent, not palpable—in that case the
Senate can go behind it? That is the question.
Mr. BROWN. I am not prepared to answer
a question which has such latitude as that. I dare
say a case could be supposed where I should say
they could; but [ think they should proceed be-
hind the presentation of the constitution with ex-
ceeding caution, and never to the point of inquir-
ing into the validity of an election. I do notthink
that proper. The convention must necessarily be
the judge of the qualification and election of its
own members; and, except m a case of very ex-
treme and ou(r«)gi ous fraud, palpable and clear,
we ought not to go behind that. I am not pre-
pared to say that, in such a case, you cannot in-
quire into such an election; but an ordinary in-
quiry into the validity of an election, i hold is
beyond our power.
Mr. HALE. 1 am satisfied.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator from
MissisMppi has told the Senate and the country
that he loves old wine better than old speeches.
The Senator and myself diilVr in our tastes. I
love old truths better than old wine. I was led to
suppose, from the declarations of the Senator,
that we were to have nothing old, stale, or thread-
bare in his speech; that we were to have some-
thing original, fresh, racy, bnlliant—something
that was to thrill the Senate, charm the galleries,
electrify the nation, and carry the Senator's name
all over the country to receive the admiration and
applause of the people. 1 have listened to his
speech, to his declarations, to his assertions, to his
iteration of old errors oft refuted in this Cham-
ber and in the other. There is one declaration,
however, winch seems to me to have something
of ougmality about it. He told us that he did
riot expect to make any converts on this side of
the Chamber. This avowal of his expectations
brings to mind a couplet of lJope's, that we should
" Til every work repaid the vvntoi's end,
Fur Jitmc can compa-s moir than they intend."
After listening to the Senator's long and labored
speech, I am sure we shall all admit that he has
not, in this case, compassed more than he intend-
ed. The Senator could hardly expect to win any
converts on tins side of the Chamber to his prin-
ciples or to his sentiments by logic so often re-
futed, or by the iteration of palpable historical
facts.
The Senator assured us that he approved of the
President's message, but that he did not expect
us on this side of the Chamber to approve it. I
did expect him to approve it, and I am not disap-
pointed; for the message is a complete and abso-
lute public surrender by the President of the Uni-
ted States to the principles, the doctrine#, the
policy, and the sentiments of the slaveholding
propagandists of this country—of men who are
now, and have been during the past, pursuing a
policy looking to the ultimate triumph of the
slaveholding interest in this country, or the dis-
solution of this Republic and the establishment
of a southern confederacy based on military prin-
ciples.
The Senator supposed that we would not in-
dorse these doctrines because we were section-
alists—we were the sectional Republican party 1
Sir, what principle have we avowed that is not
incorporated into the Declaration of Independ-
ence, the Constitution of the United States, and the
grand old ordinance of 1787, which received the
sanction of the framers of the Constitution, and
the great national men of the Republic? What
policy have we avowed that has not received the
sanction of Washington, of Jefferson, and of the
great men of this country, North and South? I
say to-day that we have not avowed a principle,
declared a policy, or pronounced a sentiment, here
or in the country, that has not received the sanc-
tion of the mightiest men of this Republic from
1775 up to withm the last few years. We have
declared everywhere that freedom is national; that
the doctrines of human rights underlie our free
democratic institutions; that all our institutions
grow out of the absolute recognition of the equal
rights of all men. We have maintained that m
the Territories under the national authority, un-
der the protecting folds of the national flag, free-
dom and free institutions for all men go where the
flag of the Republic goes. We have acknowl-
edged that the system of slavery is nothing buta
municipal institution, founded on State law, and
limited to State lines. This was the doctrine
of all the fathers of the Republic—of all the great
statesmen who have associated their names with
the liberty, honor, and renown of the Republic.
These are national doctrines. Standing upon
these ideas, we have not assumed to control the
slaveholding States of this Union; we have recog-
nized State rights, but we have claimed authority
to save the Teiritories of this Republic forever to
free men and to free institutions. Do you call
this sectional? If it was sectional, Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe—all the great
men of the past, were sectionalists. This charge
of sectionalism comes with an ill grace especially
from the Senator from Mississippi. Eight years
ago, in the other House, when California had
framed a constitution that had received the sanc-
tion of her whole people, and organized a State
government,and came here and asked for admis-
sion, the Senator from Mississippi took the floor,
and resisted her admission, because ltwould dis-
turb the equilibrium between the free and slave
States of this Union !
Mr. IJR.OWN. I have no objection to the Sen-
ator's stating his position, but I do object to his
giving my reasons for it. 1 would rather do that
myself, i did object to the admission of California
into the Union, and I did it because her consti-
tution was not formed through any legal agency
proceeding from Congress or anywhere else, be-
cause the convention which made the constitution
was assembled upon the motion of a military
Governor, not authorized to exercise over the
country even civil control. He appointed the time,
place, and manner of holding the election. I
thought it an irregularity so gross os not to be
overlooked. I thought that was very much like
the Dorr case, or the Bngham Young case.
Mr. WILSON. I will call the Senator's atten-
tion to one of his old speeches; and I commend
him to the study of old speeches, especially his
own old sjiceches. I like my old speeches because
I always intend they shall be so sound in princi-
ple, correct in sentiment, and accurate in fact, that
I can refer to them with safety. In the speech
before me, the Senator from Mississippi, while he
opposed the admission ofCaliforniaon the grounds
he now states, opposed it also avowedly on the
ground that it would destroy the balance between
the free and the slave States. Thisdoctrineof the
balance between the North and the South came
from the brain of Mr. John C. Calhoun. There
is nothing national m it. It is a sectional idea,
proclaimed in support of a sectional interest, and
a sectional institution. A balance between the
North and the South ! A balance between the sev-
enteen millions of northern freemen and the seven
millions of southern freemen ! A balance between
the minority and majority of the country ! The
whole doctrine is anti-democratic, is local, is sec-
tional in all its aspects, and should be scouted
from this Chamber and from this country, as at
war with our republican institutions and our re-
publican ideas. But, sir, about the old speech of
the Senator from Mississippi, and I commend hirri
to the reading of his old speeches. He said:
" What, Mr. Chairman, is to be the effect of admitting
California into the Union as a State ? Independent, sir, of
all the objections I have been pointing out, it will effectu-
ally unhinge that sectional balance which has so long and
happily existed between the two ends of the Union, and at
onoe give to the North that dangerous preponderancein the
Senate, which ambitious politicians have so earnestly de-
sued. The admission of one such State as California opens
the way for, and renders easy, the admission of another.
The President already prompts New Mexico to a like course.
The two will reach out their hands to a third, and they to
a fourth, fifth, and sixth. Thus precedent follows prece-
dent with a locomotive velocity and power, until the North
has the two thirds required to change the Constitution.
When this is done the Constitution will be changed.
That public opinion, to which Senator Sevyard so signifi-
cantly alludes, will be seen, and its power will be felt—uni-
versal emancipation will become your rallying cry."
" My own opinion is this: that we should resist the in-
troduction of Oah forma a* a State, and resist u successfuly ;
resist it by our votes first, and lastly by other means. We
can, at least, force an adjournment without her admission.
This being done, we are safe. The southern States, in con-
vention at Nashville, will devise means for vindicating their
rights."
That disunion convention, which met, as Mr.
Webster said, over the grave of Andrew Jackson,
were to settle it. The Senator who taunts me with
being actuated by a sectional spirit, would throw
California outof Congress, and appeal to the sec-
tional, disunion Nashville convention.
" I do not know what these means will be, but I know
what thoy may be, and with propi iety and safety They ma)
be to carry slaves into all of sourhern California, the prop-
erty of sovereign States, and there hold them, as wo have a
right to do so ; and if molested, defend them, as is both our
right and duty.
" We ask you to give us our rights by non-intervention ;
if you refuse, i am for taking them by armed occupation."
Yes, sir, the Senatorthen was for keeping Cali-
fornia out of the Union, going to a disunion sec-
tional convention,and sending slaves to populate
California, and defending them by force if the peo-
ple there objected !
Now the Senator says that I and those who
act with me are sectionalists. I have referred to
our principles and our policy, and I appeal to the
Senators on the other side of this Chamber to
say if the Senators on this side, from the time they
came here to this hour, have not, in all our legis-
lation connccted with the affairs of this country,
looked over this broad land and given our votes
for your interests, for the interests of the South,
as much as we have given them for the interests
of the North? Senators know it. The records of
the country prove it; and they contain, too, their
confessions and admissions that it is so.
But the Senator from Mississippi says our pol-
icy tends to build up two great interests in the
country; that we are to have a united North and
a united South, and that that is to lead to a disso-
lution of the Union. The Senator makes profes-
sions of devotion to the Union, in the very
speech from which I have before quoted, the Sen-
ator says that—
'■ Our people have been calculating the value of the
Union * * * I tell you candidly wo have calculated
the value of the Union. ' Love for the Union will not keep
us in the Union.' "
The whole tone, temper, and sentiment look
not to the support of the Union as our fathers
made it, but to the triumph of a sectional south-
ern policy, to the expansion of slavery, or to the
ultimate overthrow of the Government of this
country.
I think there will soon be a general union in the
North, as there is now in the South. Wo are fast
coming to it; and let me tell the Senators on the
Administration side of this Chamber, that if they
consummate, if they support—whether they suc-
ceed or fail—"the bringing of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution, with a
knowledge of all these monstrous frauds scattered
over the land, comprehended by the whole coun-
try, they will do more to unite all honest, liberty-
loving, God-fearing men in the North than has
been accomplished by any act ever adopted by
this Government. Your Kansas-Nebraska policy
of 1854shivered to atoms that great Whig party
which had battled, sometimes successfully, for
power here, under the lead of some of the most
