vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Representatives, and, such items in the accounts
had" been heretofore allowed, the Secretary rec-
ommerrded that Congress should provide for this
case by a direct appropriation; and the House of
Representatives did provide for it by this section.
11, was thought by.the Finance Committee, how-
ever, that it was not right that we should, in oppo-
sition to a law, which was not only in existence,
but believed to be a,salutary one, eanttiorrthisby
.either House of Congress. So far as regards the
disposition of the contingent fund in all matters
in .which the |Ipuse.has a ri^ht to control it, the
Senate has never interfered with the other House,
nor would it in regard to its disposition of that
fund; but when a law.has been made to limit and
regulate the power and the discretion of the two
Houses in the application of that fund, it would
seem to be proper that we should adhere to it un-
til the law is repealed. For that reason, the com-
mittee have recoromended to the Senate to strike
out the third section of this bill.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I was one of those
"who, iw committee, voted to strike out this third
seetipn; -but since I gave that vote in committee,
I have somedoubt as to the propriety of striking
itout,and.my doubt arises from the nature of the
intercourse that ought to exist between the two
Houses. As has been said by the Senator from
Virginia, up to the present case, since the passage
of the act of 1845, these allowances have been
made by the House of Representatives, and have
been passed without question by the accounting
officers of the Treasury. It seenis to me, there-
fore, that in conseqiience of this practice of the
Government in relation'to these allowances, the
■House of Representatives, and the officers of that
House, had a right to expect that they would be
passed as they had heretofore been passed. These
allowances were made under thatexpectation; and
a portion of them, 1 understand, have been paid
fey the late Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives- under the expectation that they would be
passed without question by the accounting offi-
cers. I am clearly of the opinion that it is in
violation of-the act of the 3d of March, 1845; hut
in consequence of this uniform practice since the
act of 1845, up to the present, case, it seems to me
it would be rather improper now to strike out
thescrallowances from the appropriation bill, thus
subjecting, it may be, the late Clerk of the House
of Representatives to loss, and certainly disap-
pointing the weH-grouuded expectations of those
who had these allowances made to them. It is
proper, I believe, before the question is put on
striking out, to perfect the section; and, having
my doubts as to the propriety of striking it out
entirely, and being unwilling that this practice
should pass without disapprobation, so far as fur-
ther appropriations are concerned, so as to give
distinct notice to the House of Representatives
that it will not be further tolera:ed, f desire to
move an amendment before the question is taken
on striking out the section, by adding as a further
proviso the following:
Jhul he it furtkrr i*rouitled, 'flint iiotlnny herein contained
shall be enny/med to apjiiove or justify auj further nppio-
pnation in violation ot the second section ol' the act ol Vim
gress, approved nn the .'Id ol'March, 1845, entitled lC An act
maKiti^ appropriations for the civil and diplotnn tie. expenses
of the Government tbi the year ending the .'10th ol' June,
1846, and for other purposes."
- Mr. HUNTER, f certainly shall not object to
the amendment. It will probably be an improve-
ment if the Senate determine to retain the third
section! I apprehend, however, it will have very
little influence. If the original law of lt>45 has
been set aside by the action-of one House of Con-
gress, and if we sanction that course, it is ques-
tionable whether they will regard our reiteration
of the opinion that the law ought to be carried
out hereafter. I feel, as the Senator from North
Carolina has said, that, in regard to appropria-
tions from the contingent fund, so far as either
House has discretion, the other ought not to in-
terfere with the exercise of that discretion, nor
have I ever-voted to do so in my life. But when
a Jaw has been passed in order to remedy abuses
,of this discretion, and to limit the discretion, it
seems to me, unless we think that law is improper
and ought to be repealed, we should enforce and
adhere to it. If the law is wrong, it ought to be
repealed; if the law is right, we ought to carry it
out.
Mr. BELL. Are we not a little too late in acting
upon the suggestions of the honorable Senator
from Virginia? It seems, from the report of the
Secretary ofthe Treasury, that we have suffered
the construction under which the other House
acted, to prevail for a great many years. Allow-
ances of this description have been made by a sep-
arate resolution .of the House of Representatives,
I infer from th^language of the Secretary of the
Treasury, for some live or six years past, during
two or three Congresses. We have thereby, by
our oversight, to say nothing of the negligence
of the other House, if they had that act of 1845
in view—we have by our own conduct here, in
making appropriations for the contingent fund,
sufficient to pay all these allowances from year to
year, encouraged them to believe, even if they had
any knowledge of that act, that the Senate would
not insist upon such a construction of it as to pre-
vent them, at their discretion, from making what
allowances they pleased to their own employes.
Is there not something to be considered in ref-
erence to the point suggested by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina? The honorable
Senator from Virginia has had sufficient experi-
ence in Congress to know how difficult, how irri-
tating, and how dangerous a collision between the
two flouses is likely to become on a question of
this sort. I think he will remember that we had
some experience of this in relation to certain pay-
ments we desired to make, and did make, out of
our contingent fund, for books published under
the separate order of the Senate of the United
States. I do not remember the particular case;
but I remember very well that a late Senator from
North Carolina, who sat on thissid e of the House,
(Mr. Radger,) was the active mover and advo-
cate of that separate appropriation by the Senate;
and an advocate of the principle that the House
of Representatives had no right to interpose any
authority to prevent such*an appropriation ofthe
contingentfurid voted to this House as we thought
proper to make.
I rather think—nay, I am certain, that that de-
bate and contest arose since the passage of the
act of 1845. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, I think, was on the same side then as he is
now m relation to the question; but 1 am not cer-
tain of that. However, whether he advocated
the right of the Senate to dispose of its contingent
fund as it thought proper or not, I do notremem-
ber that that law was interposed as an objection
to what the Senate wanted to do on that occasion.
1 think the difficulty at that time, though threat-
ening to cau&e considerable trouble between the
two Houses, was settled by a committee of con-
ference. All of us who have had any experience
in parliamentary usages, or in the legislation of
Congress, know the sensitiveness and difficulty
that are certain to arise when one House under-
i takes to interpose its construction of a law, or m
any other way to interfere with the appropria-
tions for the contingent fund of the other, which
are supposed to be made for the purpose of being
applied under the discretion of a separate House.
The act of 1845—1 do not remember that my
attention was ever called to it before—is very well
| founded on sound principles. It was wise and
[ judicious when applied to the officers of the Gov-
. ernment generally; but when applied, as it evi-
I dently was intended to be, so as to put it in the
i power of one branch of Congress to check a sup-
■ posed or alleged extravagance m the practice of
1 the other, it was an act the propriety and wisdom
! of winch might have been well questioned; for, sir,
; when the country ceases to have such confidence
i in Congress that they are not willing that either
j branch shall have the power of applying its con-
! tingent fund to whatever objects it thinks proper,
i within the Constitution, for the payment of its
own employes, or for furnishing the accommoda-
tions it may think requisite for the transaction of
its business, the country is lost.
Now, sir, if it be the fact, as stated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, whose leport is before
me—"and I believe that it will not be denied—that
for many years since ltf45a diifeicnt construction
from that for which he contends has been placed
upon the law, does it not, at all events, afford
reason for passing this appropriation, particularly
with the amendment offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina? The act of J845 im-
j plies a distrust as to the trustworthiness of either
j branch of Congress—a want of confidence in their
j fidelity to their duties—to such an extent that it
I will not suffer them to make any appropriation
of money out of their contingent fund for any ac-
commodation they may desire; not only in the
Hall of Representatives, b&t the same principle
applies to every other accommodation and facility
they may think they may need in the transaction
of the public business. This being the case, I
doubt very much whether it is not due to both •
Houses of Congress that that act should be re-
pealed.
These allowances having been made, and a de-
mand of payment insisted upon, and softie pay-
ments, as appears from the papers which are be-
fore me, reported by the Secretary of the Treasury,
having already been made to the amount of many
thousands of dollars—twelve or fifteen thousand
perhaps, I do not know how many—in the con-
fidence that the same rule of construction would
continue in regard to the whole of these allow-
ances that had been applied heretofore by the Sen-
ate for so long a time, does not present an appeal
to the discretion of the Senate to make this appro-
priation ? At the same time, the Senate may, if
they think proper, by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, intimate to the House
of Representatives that no more such allowances
will be sanctioned by the Senate by making ap-
propriations to pay them. I think that would
save the Senate; and being understood, would dis-
courage the violation of the existing law on the
subject, and at the same time do justice to the
House of Representatives.
I think these are good reasons, I think, con-
sidering the relations of the two Houses to each
other, and the necessity of maintaining harmony
between them, they are solid reasons. And what-
ever we may think of the propriety of the course
of the House of Representatives in making these
allowances; however uncalled for we may think
they were; whatever degree of extravagance we
may think attaches to them; however unnecessary
we may regard them; yet, considering that they
were made by the House of Representatives, one
of the branches of the Congress of the United
States, with whom we cannot move at all in legis-
lation^but by acting in concert and cooperating in
harmony, I believe we may well vote this appro-
priation without going into the question whether
the allowances were properly made by that House,
or in conformity with existing law. I am per-
fectly willing, however, to adopt the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina. It seems
obligations and responsibilities have already been
incurred, and certainly they should be discharged.
When my attention was first called to this-sub-
ject, I asked if it was connected in any way with
what I had heard about the books voted to the
members of the other House, supposing it might
be connectcd with them in some form or other.
I received for answer, that there was no connec-
tion between them whatever; and lsaw, on read-
ing- the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that it is not supposed by him that there is any
connection. Now, the language of the Secretary
of the Treasury is worth reading:
"The greatest reluctance 1 have feit in coming to this
conclusion [that is<, thai he could not pay the money J arises
fiom the appiehension that injustice may bo done to the
persons whose claim-' have thus been recognized, and the
officers ol the Senate and ffouse, who have acted in good
taith in complying with the directions of their icvpective
Houses.
" I have no doubt that these officers have so acted ; and,
in lefufing to settle then accounts, no imputation is intended
to he thrown upon their official conduct
II in paying these accounts, they have only done what
they were required to do, and what long-established usage
justified them in doing."
The usage, I understand, has prevailed since
1845.
''Under such circumstances, they should be protected
fiom anv loss or injuiy, and I have no doubt Congress will
do it- The accounts must be suspended, however, until
the meeting: of Congress, when I will recommend the pas-
ture of a law authorizing the Department to pa&s them.
tn this way the'<e officers can be amply protected, a wi«e
and good law vindicated, and a bad practice corrected."
I do not see that the Secretary of the Treasury
himself has had any hesitation as to the propriety
or the expediency of voting this appropriation,
or otherwise I should not have said one word on
the subject.
Mi. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I concur
very fully in what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, and the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, in relation to the ex-
ceeding delicacy of interference on the part of one
House with the disposal by the other of its con-
