THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
depository for the sum of money to which he was
entitled. Now it is an impossibility to execute
that law. Your paymasters in the Army are
required to pay the soldiers. Under the law of
the last Congress, they are required to keep the
money with which to pay the troops at some one
of the designated depositories, aud if the sum
i which a paymaster is to disburse to any one in-
dividual amounts to more than twenty dollars, he
must issue his draft upon the depositary for that
gum of money. Your Indian agents are disburs-
ing officers: They are required to pay the annu-
ities to which the Indians are entitled, and those
annuities are paid per capita. Many of the Indians
have annuities payable to them, amounting from
thirty to a hundred dollars, and if the agent ex-
ecutes the law of the last Congress, he must give
his check in favor of each Indian on the desig-
nated depository, and thus expose the Indians to
be cheated and swindled by those white men who
hang about the tribes. The same remarks are
applicable to pursers in the Navy, who disburse
large sums of money, and to the disbursing offi-
cers at the several navy-yards, where sums greater
than twenty dollars are frequently disbursed to
individuals. There is therefore a necessity for an
amendment of the law; and I think the provisions
of the bill now before the House enforce a rigid
accountability on the officers of the Government,
and do not relax any provision of law designed
for the safety of the public money.
Mr. WA^HBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
my motion. If the House does not see fit to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the previous question will
bring us to a vote on the bill. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Sickles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 88, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the bill was re-
ferred to the Committed of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred (o the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee of Ways
and Means the bill of the House (No. G) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1850, with the amendments of
the Senate.
First amendment:
Tage three, line ten, strike out the word " tor," and in-
sert "ami mi*e<jllanooiw expanses of," so that the para-
graph, as amended, would read:
<v For the purchase of blank hooks, stationery, arm5! of the
United Suite-*, seals, presses, and flags, and foi Uie pay-
ment of postages and miscell tneous expenses of the con-
suls of the United States, $40,000."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
"Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in
that amendment, it does not affect the amount
appropriated in the item which is for the oulinary
expenses of consuls. The insertion of the words
"and miscellaneous expenses of, "merely enlarges
the sphere of distribution. I suppose there will
be no objection to concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Srtike out the second action of the hill, as follows :
<• Sec 2 And he it further enacted, That no part of the
money heroin appropriated t-hall be paid out ot the Treasury
for any expenses winch accrued, or shall accrue, befoie the
commencement oi after the termination of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1859."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] at an early day m the session. I
believe by the common consent of the House a
similar amendment, offered to another bill, was
considered objectionable in this form, and was
modified on motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jo^jes,] by adding a proviso that it 1
should not take effect until after the end of two*
fiscal years'. This provision, as itstands in this
bill, does take effect immediately. I think gentle-
men of all sides of the House are satisfied that the
provision is not a proper one as it stands here.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Jackson] the other day ob-
jeeted to the provision contained in the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial bill for the reason
that it did not apply to that particular bill.
Mr. JACKSON. I merely wish to say, as the
gentleman has referred to me, that the objection
which he has mentioned, was one of the objec-
tions which I urged; but I, at the same time, ob-
jected to the provision as being incongruous, and
an-improper provision to be attached to the bill.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me there is a
misapprehension about this amendment. It is
not like the amendment which was rejected in
the House the other day. That was a proposi-
tion that the expenditure of all appropriations
whatever, made by Congress, should be limited
to the fiscal year for which they were made;
that balances going over from one year to another
should not be used. This is simply a proposi-
tion that the money appropriated by this bill shall
only be expended during the fiscal year for which
it is appropriated. Now, if there is any difficulty
in the practical application of that rule it passes
my comprehension. I do not see the difficulty,
I do not sec the objection.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The difficulty is
this. The estimates made for the consular and
diplomatic service were based upon balances hold-
ing over from the current fiscal year; this amend-
ment attaches to this bill, and if the bill passes
witfl this provision m, not one dollar of the bal-
ances left over from the current fiscal year can be
expended in the next.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is exactly
what I want to do. I think the balances ought
to go back into the Treasury.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I thought it was
the unanimous opinion, the other day, that such
a provision should not apply to the money now
appropriated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is
mistaken as to the operation of that section. It
merely applies to the money appropriated in this
bill. It does not operate like the amendment
offered by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
which was voted in and voted out of the bill a
day or two asro. That was a general law, declar-
ing that no money hereafter appropriated should
be used for any purpose other than that for which
it was specially appropriated, and for no other
year than that for which it was specially appro-
priated. The eflect of that amendment, as origm-
allyofTered, would have been to preventtheTreas-
ury Department from using any of the existing
balances winch now remain unexpended from la&t
yeai 5s appi opriations. To meet the difficulty a
proviso was introduced that it should not apply
to this or the following year. The difference be-
tween this amendment and that is, that it applies
merely to the moneys appropriated by this act.
The balances of the last year are not appropri-
ated by this act. Only the moneys included in
this bill are appropriated by this act. The only
effect, therefore, of this proviso is, that the moneys
in this act shall not be applied to pay expenses
inclined in the last year, nor to expenses to be
incurred m the year following that for which they
arc appropriated.
Now I take it, Mr. Speaker, thatthat is the ex-
isting law of the Republic. I think that it is a
violation of the existing law for any portion of
the money appropriated for the use of one year
to be applied for the use of another year. I take
it that that is a direct violation of the language of
the appropriation bill itself. 1 agree that it has
been sanctioned, impliedly, by our making ap-
propriations on the supposition that the balances
unexpended under previous appropriation bills
might be applied; and it is only that indication
resulting from the proceedings of this House that
can raise even a doubt upon the law; but I sup-
pose that that indication itself only arises from
the fact that each year we pass an appropriation
bill upon the footing of accounts returned to us
by the Secretary of the Treasury. "We therefore
see that the accounts returned to us embrace the
balances which the Department contemplates it is
to be at liberty to use; and that we receive those
balances and impliedly sanction the use of them
for the coming fiscal year, by making them the
basis of our calculations, and appropriating only
so much as will be necessary for the services of
the Government after counting in the balances
due us. I think that that is a bad system of pro-
cedure. I think that it is in violation of law. It
only becomes valid by our adopting the reports
of the Secretary as the basis of our legislation.
The provision in this bill does nothing more
than put an express lirait^roon the moneys ap-
propriated in that bill, wfrv&i km'it is already an
implied one from the terfos of the bill, and is only
put there to set an example that hereafter the
House means to adhere to what is now the law,
that the money appropria ed for a year shall only
be used within that year. I think that the House
set a bad example; that they defeated a great and
salutary reform, when, for reasons quite inade-
quate, they receded from their adherence to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man want to force the officers of the Departmentto
expend every dollar of the appropriations, and to
leave not a cent of balance ? The clause in respect
to the surplus fund comes in every two years, and
sweeps all balances back into the Treasury.
When this thing was first offered, believing that
it might effect the object in view, I concurred in
it; but it must be remembered that if applied to
the present year it will make the reporting of an-
other appropriation bill absolutely necessary. If
the provision is made for future acts, so that all
embarrassment will be prevented, I will cheerfully
go with the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend at the
head of the Committee of Ways and Means has
suggested a grave consideration. If I supposed
that the amendment gave any additional incite-
ment to any of the Departments to spend more
freely than they have hitherto been spending, I
am sure T would reverse the language of the amend-
ment, and put it in other phraseology; for surely,
sir, there has been no difficulty in getting money
out of the Treasury for the past year, or for the
four past years; and, indeed, 1 do not know at
any time and under any Administration that there
has been the slightest tendency in the money to
remain there when there was any opening for it
to come out. The purpose of the amendment is
to stop the leak, if possible. The purpose of the
amendment is to bring the Government back to
what is the theory of our appropriation bilk.
Congress says that so much money, in our judg-
ment, is needed for the use of this year. We
choose to hold the ExetutiveDepartments respons-
ible tie die in'diem, from day to day, from year to
year. We do not propose to resign the power of
controlling them, after we have once made the ap-
propriations We choose to requite that there
shall be an adjustment of the accounts and a re-
view of the expediency of the appropriation every
year. We make appropriations for this year, and
at the end of the year, or when we get near the
end of the year, we will have an opportunity of
judging how that money has been expended, and
wo will apply such limitations as our experience
makes necessary. I suppose that is the policy of
all of our appropriation bills; and it is an abuse,
without one shadow of legal authority, to apply
one cent of money appropriated for the purposes
of one fiscal year to the use of another fiscal year.
And if my friend at the head of the Committee of
Ways and Means will now rise in his place and
show me any law that can raise even a doubt on
that point, I will agree to vote against the amend-
ment.
I desire to say that I have studiously and care-
fully examined all the statutory enactments that
I could find*relative to this subject; and that there
is nothing to be found on the subject, except a
proviso at the end of one of the acts which allows
within the limits of the quartermaster's depart-
ment some authority to make a transfer—a pro-
viso to that authority to transfer from one head of
appropriation to another, prohibiting a transfer o
money appropriated for one purpose in one fiscal
year for another purpose in another fiscal year.
That proviso can have no meaning in the place
where it is inserted, unle'ss to hmit the generality
of the language declaring that moneys appropri-
ated for one purpose within those limits might
