1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be used for another purpose within those limits
without a limitation of time; those "words not
being in an appropriation act, but being general,
that the moneys appropriated for one of these
purposes may be used for another of these pur-
poses. There was no limitation in that act con-
fining its operations to the year for which the appro-
priation was made. It might have been supposed
that the transfer might be made at any time. As
the law now stands, there is not only no law au-
thorizing the application of money for one fiscal
year to purposes beyond it, but there is an inhi-
bition where the generality of the act allowing
transfers might otherwise have admitted possibly
of that interpretation.
What was the objection when we substituted the
Senate's amendment for an admirahlc.proviso in-
serted by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman ;]
The objection was made that money, winch was
not actually expended and paid out'in the course
of the fiscal year, would have to be rcappropri-
ated. i think the gentlemen who urged that ob-
jection were not aware of the real state of the law
on this subject. When money is appropriated for
the purpose and use of a fiscal year, if a contract
is made and the money is due in the course of that
year, of course the money can be paid whenever
it is demanded. If the money is allowed to re-
main m the Treasury, still it can be drawn for at
any subsequent time, but the two-year limitation
restores it to the Treasury. If the money is not
applied to the purpose for which it is appropri-
ated in the course of that year, then, of course,
it cannofrbc spent for that purpose after the ex-
piration of the year.
Mr. Speaker it is possible there are two differ-
ent classes of apprnpt lai ions relative to wh ich the
huv may be very different. There is a iaige class
of appropriations for public buildings, for objects
of a permanent characer, not limited cither ex-
pressly 01 by implication to the year, where the
one amount is given for a particular purpose, and
where there is no limitation in point of time. I sup-
pose, for instance,if there was an order to build a
custom house m JNew Oileans, and that there had
been, in the bill providing for certain civil ex-
penses, an appropriation made to cairy on that
building, it is possibly immaterial whether that
money is diawn from the Treasury within that
year or within the following year. It may be re-
garded as not an appropriation for an annual pur-
pose, but as an appropriation for a definite object
and is dedicated to that purpose—to be spent at
any time when the purpose may require it. Con-
sequently all that class of cases may not fall un-
der the proviso, winch says that money appro-
priated for the use of one fiscal year shall not be
used and applied to the service of another fiscal
year; because the money is not, if this view be
right, appropriated to any particular fiscal year,
but it is applied to the object and purpose without
limitation of time; the only limitation on general
appropriations of that kind is, that money which
is not actually spent and paid for the purpose for
which it is appropriated, irrespective of time,
shall at the end of two years go back to the Trea-
sury. If this distinction be not tenable then itis
illegal now to use any money appropriated even
for a particular building m an annual appropria-
tion bill after the expiiation of the year.
But I apprehend that money which is appro-
priated for the payment of the Army for the year
1851 cannot be applied to the payment of the
Army for the year 1850. If it can, then the money
appropriated for the year 1853 can likewise be
applied to pay the Army for 1850; and all that
the President has to do is to incur any expense
he may choose in any one fiscal year, with re-
spect to the Army, and then bide his time and
apply the money which Congiess may appropri-
ate to subsequent yeai s to pay the debt which has
accrued in previous years; and I submit to every
gentleman, that unless there be a limitation on
the expenditures uf the Government, the public
service, in the War Department, for instance,
may be seriously injured. I put that case, be-
cause it has already occurred for three years in
succession. In the year 1855 there was a defi-
ciency in the quartermaster's department beyond
the amount of even the deficiency. They did
not wait fur the passage of a deficiency bill in
the following year, but took the money appropri-
ated for the year 1856 and applied it to pay the
balance expended over and above the appropri-
ations of 1855. The deficiency bill which was
-passed some days ago exhibits the startling fact
that the quartermaster's department was deficient
for the last year to the extent of §1,000,000, ac-
tually paid out of the appropriations for this year
—not obligations incurred in that year, but defi-
ciencies existing in the previous year, but paid
out of this year's money, of which no mention
was made to Congress, after Congress had last
year passed a large deficiency bill of over a mil-
lion dollars for that very department. With-
out any authority of law, without any leave of
Congress, without any reference to us whatever,
$1,000,000 more is sunk by the quartermaster's
department in transporting the troops, in provis-
ions, in clothing, and in such expenditures. The
bill which we have passed this session of some
i nine million dollars has comprised in it not merely
the amount over and above that which was ap-
propriated at the last session of Congress forf/m
fiscal year; but there is also included in it the
$1,000,000 which was consumed in the last fiscal
year over and above the amount that was appro-
priated m the deficiency bill in the last session of
Congress.
_ I say that these are grave matters. I have not
risen here for the purpose of wasting the time of
the House, or to cast odium on any department
of the Administration. But I desire to say that
when the House yesterday voted down, under
i the previous question, the amendment of my
' friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] it took off a
| most important limitation that has been placed on
; executive abuse of the public money. It was to
! prevent abuses done, not only without law, hut
■ directly in the teeth of the very first principles
; on which we are called upon here to appropriate
1 money. Why, sir, the only limitation that exists
; m the statute-books on the power of the House
j to appropriate money, is that no money shall be
I appropriated for .the use of the Army or Navy
i for more than two years; and on the principles
j on winch the department has been acting, I say
'l that there is no limitation at all on the authority
| of the Executive; but he may incur any amount ,
I of debt, and make use of any amount of money, j
j and dispose of the funds which we give him in 1
! any manner he sees fit, and then when we make j
. the next annuul appiopnation for the use of the :
j Army, why can he not leave the whole Army 1
I destitute within that year, taking the chance of :
; our being willing to break up the military estab- ,
; lishment, and apply the money to pay debts in- '
i curred in the previous year, m violation of his |
j duty ? j
Mr. Speaker, allow me to make one other ob- I
| servation. One of the implied limitations on the j
j use that is to be made of the Army is to be found ;
j m the amount appropriated for the Army. If we !
j expcct the Army to be employed in putting down '
i disturbances, wc appropriate a larger amount; if i
I we expect it to be kept in cantonments, if we ex- j
| pect it to remain in the fortifications, we appro- ,
! priate a smaller amount. But by the construction !,
of the Administration for the last three or four,,
years,that limitation isenlirelydisregarded; and
one great cause of the enoi mous deficiency which |!
we are called upon this year to make up is the ji
disregard of that limitation by the Executive. It ;|
is because the President has seen fit, wirhoutcon- ji
suiting Congress, without asking its leave, to ji
march an army on a war campaign under circum- l!
stances of imptovidence and carelessness, which, M
in my judgment, entail a total loss of the whole ,j
deficiency m the quartermaster's department j!
which that march has occasioned, that these vast H
deficiencies exist. Nobody will pretend that the j!
troops now on the borders of Utah were sent there ;j
either prudently or wisely, or that their being ex- '[
posed to the dangers of a winter attack, or to the j|
no less danger of a winter spent on the plains, has |i
at all promoted the object of reducing Utah to
obedience'to the General Government; and had !
application been made to Congress to authorize ij
that proceeding, m my judgment, they would 'j
have refused authority to commence, at an inaus- [
picious season of the year, an expedition which ■'
must necessarily result only in expenditure, and i
in nothing but expenditure. '!
I think, therefore, that the limitation in this
bill is a salutary declaration on the part of Con- !
gress that they have reached the end of their pa- j,
tience with this perpetual misapplication and ;1
squandering of the public funds, and that they jj
mean now to call the attention of the Executive
Departments of the G overnment to it, so that they
shall confine themselves to the expenditures with-
in the year; and that if they wish to use the Army
and Navy for purposes for which the money ap-
propriated during the year is not sufficient, they
shall come to Congress, specify the purposes, and
ask a special appropriation, as they have done
this session m asking for the new regiments of
volunteers which we have authorized to operate
in the campaign in Utah. It is for this purpose
that I call the attention of the House to the im-
portance of this amendment, and to the great loss
the public service has sustained by the rejection
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio to
the bill which we considered a day or two ago.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague [Mr. Hun-
ter] in the Senate has explained this matter so
clearly, in remarks submitted there, that I do not
deem it necessary to do much more than to call
the attention of the House to those remarks as
they are reported in connection with the motion
to strike out the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] m the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial bill. They are as follows:
" Mj . Coi.LAMiiR. I wish the Senator from Virginia to ex-
plain the occasion of striking out the second section.
'•Mr. IIuntfr. There is occasion foi doing so. That sec-
tion proposes to restrict the expendmncs within the year.
'■ Mr. Cor,lamer. The second section confines the ex-
pendituies to the year; and why is it stricken out?
"Mr Hunter, ftocause itis found, from experience, that
it is impossible to confine the appropriations of one year to
the expenditures of that year. There is already n general
provision, which is a sufficient safeguard, that when an ap-
ptopnaiion is more than two years old, it goes to the sur-
plus fund, and can no longci be used. I am assured by the
State Depaitment—and I should have known it if I had not
been mo a-Miicd—that the evidence * ol' many of the expend-
itures, within the year for winch it is designed to provide,
do not come in dining the year, but peihaps early in the
next succeeding fiscal \oar; arid the effect of this section
would be, that ihe money could not be applied to them.
" Mr. Collamer. it could if the expense accrued within
the year.
"Mr Hunter. Not according to the construction which
the Depaitment put upon it. and the construction which,
I suppose, is, dcMgued hy the House of Repie entatives."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
extract which my friend from Virginia has read,
shows that the gentlemat} from whose speech he
has quoted, was laboring under the precise con-
fusion of ideas which I think has prevailed some-
what in this House. I suppose thaft money is
spent when it is due, that it is gone from the Gov-
ernment when the Government ought to pay it.
I take it that if, upon the western coast, an obli-
gation is incurred and the accounts only are not
sent in here to the Treasury Department, so that
the money can be drawn, that is not a case within
the provisions of the amendment of my friend
from Ohio. That money is spent, and, no mnt*
ter how long it lay in the Treasury, it would be
paid out on demand, till it goes back again with
the unappropriated money; for two years the par-
tics, by applying at the Treasury at any time,
would have a right to rcceive that money. When,
therefore, there is once an obligation on the part
of the Government to pay it, the money is spent,
and it may be paid after the year. For instance,
suppose that on the western coast the Government
has bought military stores in the quartermaster's
department, to the extent of $1,000,000: that
money is expended for the use of that fiscal year.
"W hen that expenditure is made, if the money is
not on the coast, the person acting in the quarter-
master's department sends m his account to the
Department here.. It is possible that that account
may get here before the fiscal year has expired.
If it does, then the money is immediately deliv-
ered over to him. If the account does not get
here until after the fiscal year has expired, still
the money has been expended within the fiscal year,
for the service of that fiscal year, and can be paid at
any time, at least within the two years under the
existing law.
Well now, what is the effect of the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio? Itis thifc: suppose
that an amount of money is appropriated for the
use of the quartermaster's department, and that
all that money is not used in the course of the
fiscal year for which it is appropriated*, suppose
that contracts have not been made for the supplies
of the quartermaster's department within that
year, and the year expires: then the effect of the
limitation in the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is, that after the expiration of the year there
can be no expenditure of tli&t money made.
