1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ifflk
tingent fund; and if I understood that the House jj properappropriationasitistheduty oftheHouse
of Representatives had made a point of this mat-
ter, and after mature consideration had determ-
ined to adhere to its power, whether I believed
that power to be well founded or not, 1 should not
be disposed to raise an issue with the House on
a matter so delicate as this; I would not conceive
that the public interests justified it; but I remem-
ber reading with some attention the debates in the
other House on this deficiency bill, and there are i
some circumstances in relation to this appropria- i
tion which ought to be called to the notice of the-
Senate. In the first place, one of the gentlemen ;
in the House of Representatives, who sustained \
the propriety of tins appropriation, was called
upon by one of its opponents expressly to declare \
whether, when the resolution was offered in the [
last Congress for the allowance of these extra
payments to the clerks of the last House of Rep- ,
resentatives, the intention of tlie mover was to il tion, as it was passed by the House of Repre-
allow extra pay for antecedent Congresses. That ;j sentatives, was against law; that it was against a
I positive prohibition of law to appropriate even the
:i continjjent fund of either House in the manner
;j proposed. That being the case, as a member of
I believe this appropriation to be an improper
one, and 1 must vote to stake it out. If the
House shall persist, upon deliberation, and will
determine that it will make this appropriation out
of its contingent fund, the questioi^vill then recur
whether the issue between the two branches is
of sufficient importance to lead us to the loss of
this bill. For one, I am prepared to say in ad-
vance that I will vote for the bill with this appro-
priation rather than lose it; but I desire to vote
an expression of my disapprobation of the appro-
priation. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I voted in committee with |
the other members of the Committee on Finance
for the amendment that is proposed; and I did it
upon the simple principle which has been stated
by the chairman, that on examination, we came
to the conclusion that the original order or resolu
question was put repeatedly, and evaded. The
very gentleman who supported the resolution al-
lowing this extra sum to the officers of the House
of Representatives refused to say, when called
upon, that that was their intention in offering the
the Committee on Finance, I felt bound to recom-
mend the striking out of this provision; but I do
resolution; buttlie resolution was so worded as to i; not feel bound, as a member of the Senate, to ill-
give color to the construction that the House of j sist strenuously that the Senate shall carry into
Representatives of the last Congress was not sim- i effect this recommendation which the committee
Representatives of the last Cong
ply making an extra allowance to its own officers,
but actually was raising the salary of its officers,
and paying them an addition to their salary lor
a long series of antecedent years.
Now, sir, 1 have no doubt of the power of the
House of Representatives over its contingent fund,
when not exercised in contiavention of existing
law. It is aumittcd on all sides here that there is
an act of Congress positively prohibiting either
House from making use of its contingent fund for
increasing the compensation of its officers beyond
that fixed by the House when the officers arc em-
ployed. It is said that that law has been violated, ,
and that the sanction of the Departments has been !| to appropriate just such a sum of money torcon-
" t may be so; abuses do |! tingent expenses, to be under the control of eitner
; saw fit to make. I do notpropose now to argue
, the question at all, but simply to state a few con-
siderations on the one side and the other in refer-
j1 ence to this amendment, for the reflection of the
Senate.
! I do not agree with the honorable Senator from
, Tennessee that any and every disposition which
either House may see fit to make of its contingent
! fund should be passed by without question by the
other; because, in the first place, I think there
i, should be some true understanding of what
amount of money is to be appropriated for the.
use of the House. It will not do, I apprehend,
given to that violation. It may
spring up m these matters m all governments; •
but I'think gentlemen will find by a reference to ;
this subject that this is the fust time when^ the
power has been claimed by either House to allow
extra compensation to its officers, not only tor
services done to that House, but for services done
to former Houses. I know of no instance like
this. i
1 also observed, in the proceedings of the House
of Representatives, that there was a strenuous
opposition on the part of a large number of the
members of that House to the allowance of this
item, and that efforts were made to get a vote on
House, as each House may desire, and then to
say, with reference to the amount thus appro-
priated, that the other branch shall not interfere
with it under any given circumstances.
Mr. BELL. I did not say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I so understood the Sen-
ator; but if he did not say so, very well.
Mr. BELL. 1 trust I shall be allowed to ex-
plain. Of course, if it was an extraordinary or
unreasonable amount, that would bear on its face
an evidence that the sum ought not to be voted;
and so if it was for objects and under circum-
stances altogether out o'f the course of such ap-
it- but, by reason of the lulcs of the Hcuse, and i, propnations for the accommodation of the House
• - i •  i t- j. • t. .il i, ...3 Trli/1 iint mfnn tn K,)V SO tlll-
or its employes. I did not moan to say so un-
reasonable a thing as the honorable Senator seems
to impute to me, that under no_circumstances
would 1 look into these appropriations, or inquire
into or dissent from them.
Mr. FESSEiN'UEN. I did not impute any-
thing at all to the Senator, but I say his princi-
ple.'as laid down, certainly would carry us that
length; and suicly it will not do to say, that,
when there is a positive prohibition of law, that
the contingent fund of either House shall not be
appropnated for certain specified purposes, one
consent ,1 House is at liberty to disregard that provision of
the particular position into which this bill had got,
it was found impossible, without unanimous con-
sent, to p;-rniit a vote of the House to be taKen
on th.sitem. Thar member of the Committee of ,
Ways and Means of the oilier House who had
charge of the bill, had promised those who op- ]
posed this item of the bill that they should have .
a special vote on it, to take the sen^e of the House ,
upon it, and he endeavored to redeem his prom-
ise; but, when the bill was repoited from ihe Com-
mittee of the Whole and gotinto the House again,
the previous question was ordered, and it required
unanimous consent. That unanimous consent
was refused, and the consequence was that the re
was no vote in the House by yeas and nays on
the proposition to pay this sum. At least, I think
that was the case. My memory is so, and I read
the proceedings with some attention.
Now, as they have had no opportunity to vote
oil this allowance in the other House, as members
have not been called upon to say yea or nay to
this distinct pioposition, I consider that it is not
one of those cases 111 winch we are interfering
with the proper authority of the House over its l(    
contingent fund. If we say we do not approve the Treasury Department, from that time down
of this'item, and send it back for their reconsid- j1 to the present, have consiuered that that law ex-
law, and the other is to submit to it on the prin-
ciple that it is not courteous to interfere on ac-
count of the deference and respect one House
should have for the other. I snould not accede
to that principle, at any rate: and if the Senator
did not mean to go that length, of course my re-
marks will not apply to anything he has said.
But, sir, there is a great deal to be said on the
other side in reference to this matter. The law
now relied upon was passed in 1345, and the ac-
counting officers of the Treasafy and the heads of
eration, we do not thereby say that, if the House
determines that it will exercise tins control over
its fund, and make this disposition of sixty or
seventy thousand dollars as a gratuity to gentle-
men for services rendertd in fotme; yeais, we
will lesisl 11 to the bitter end; but it is our duty
to express our disapprobation of it, if '.ve feel this
disapprobation. We are as much the constitu-
tional guardians of the Treasury as the IIous^ is,
and it is as much our duty not to vote for an ins-
pired with the year. Being put upon an appro-
priation bill, it has been considered that it had no
: effect beyond that appropuation bill itself, and the
i time for which that appropriation bill existed was
1 for the year. That was the construction put upon
it by Mr. Whittlesey. He gave a long written
opinion upon the subject 10 the Secretaiy of the
Treasury recently, and stated that that had been
the uiiiibnn construction. Mr. Guthrie sanctioned
: that construction; it was so understood; and from
1845 down to the present year, it has been under-
stood by the accounting officers of the: Treasury,
by Congress, by both branches of Congress, that
it had no sort of existence but had gone.outoftlate,
hail expired, wasnot an existing, acting law which
should guide or bind anybody. ... • «
That being the fact, that being the construction
placed on it by both branches of Congees^ in tfceir
action for year after year previous to liist year,
and by the accounting officers of the Treasury and
by the head of the Treasury Department, there-is
certainly a great deal of excuse for saymg. that the
House of Representatives might suppose the law
did not exist. But Mr. Cobb, the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, when he came to revise the
action of the House, on examining this law of
1845, arrived at a different conclusion. I have ex-
amined the peculiar phraseology of the provision
of the act of 1845, with a view to see whether his
construction is correct, or whether the other is
correct; and I confess, on examination, from the
language of that statute, I believe his construction
is the correct one, and it is an existing law. Still,
there is the fact that such was not the construc-
tion of Mr. Whittlesey for years; such was not
the construction of the Secretaries of the Treasury;
such was not the construction of either House of
Congress, until the period when this matter came
under examination by the present Secretary of the
Treasury.
Acting upon that assumption,which everybody
had supposed to be the correct one, at the last
session of the last Congress the resolutions in
question were passed by the House of Represent-
atives, supposing they had a right to pass them,
and in fjet they were passed almost without no-
tice. Under these resolutions the CJerk of the
House of Representatives acted. Under these
resolutions certain officers of the House have acted
with reference to the disposition of an amount of
money they supposed to be coming to them. That
action has been had, money has been paid, claims
on the Treasury have been disposed of by men
supposing them to exist under these resolutions,
and under the previously existing action of the
Treasury Department and of Congress itself.
Well, now, sir, that being the case, it comes to
be a mere question of discussion whether this
Congress will sanction that action, or whether it
will "take advantage of the new discovery by the
present Secretary of the Treasury with regard to
the existing law, and refuse to do, what under
any other circumstances it would do. That is the
way I understand the question as presented; and
the Secretary of the Treasury himself, in the
clause of his report that has been read by the
Senator from Tennessee, recommends that this
amount should be paid. It is for the Senate to
say whether it will pay it or not As a member
of the Committee on Finance I could not but yield
my assent to striking it out, because the commit-
tee ought not to recommend (and I suppose their
action is a recommendation) that a provision of
law actually existingshould be disregarded. Still
I think it is perfectly competent for the Senate if
it sees fit, to overrule that action on the general
principles applicable to the case,arising,from the
peculiar state of existing facts.
Now, one word as to what has been said by the
honorable Senator from Louisiana. I happened
to hear the debate in the House of Representatives
to which he refers, and I have read it since in the
papers. I did not draw from it the inference be
did—that there was an evasion of the question.
When I heard itin the House, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] to whom the question was
put, stated repeatedly: " I will explain, if the
member will allow me to explain;" but the gen-
tleman on the floor said: " I want a categorical
answer, yes or no; I have no time to hear expla-
nations," and the answer was: " Let me explain
in my own way, and you shall have a full expla-
nation." That was not allowed. I do not'under-
stand that to be an evasion. That was all I saw
about it; but whether there was an impropriety
in the matter or not, I am not able to say, and I
have nothing to say on that subject. I think if
is a question that addresses itself to the discretion
of the Senate, and to the opinion which the Sen-
ate may have as to the comity due in such cases
from one branch of Congress to the other.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote, Mr. President,
to retain this section in the bill. I think it is just
that it should be retained. I understand that tha
