1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the public money; that, under any law Congress
passes, to be called an expenditure, it must be act-
ually paid out. But let us look at the provisions
of this act. The fifth section reads as follows:
" Where any moneys shall have remained unexpended
upon any appiopnations by law, other than for the payment
of interest on tho funded debt, or the payment of interest
and reimbursement according to contract of any loan or
loans made on account of the United States, as" likewise
moneys appropriated for a purpose in respect to which a
larger donation is specially assigned by law, for more than
two years after expiration of the fiscal year m which the act
shall have been passed, all and any such appropriations
shall be deemed to have ceased and been determined ; and
the moneys so unexpended shall be immediately thereafter
carried, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to the account on the books of the Treasuiy denomi-
nated the (suiplus fund,5 to remain, like other unappropri-
ated moneys, m the Tieasury ; and it shall not be lawful,
for any cause or pretense whatsoever, to tiansfer, withdraw,
apply, or use for any purpose whatever, any moneys earned,
as aforesaid, to the surplus fund, without further and spe-
cific appropriations by law."
That act was passed on the 26th day of August,
1842. It was reported, sir, by Mr. Fillmore, and
passed by his political friends, who then had a
majority in each House of Congress. .It was ap-
proved by the President, wlioni my friend from
Maryland aided in electing, and is, I think, a most
wise and excellent law, that ought not to be al-
tered or repealed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My friend must
recollect that that docs not vary the construction
of the law.
Mr. LETCHER. It does this: where there is
that restriction placed upon the officers of the :
Government, according to the terms and provis-
ions of that law, it is clear and distinct that they
cannot, under the concluding terms, apply this
money in any other way, when the two years
expire, than to return it to the Treasury; and
there it remains until it shall be specifically ap-
plied by legislative action on (he part of the two
Houses of Congress, and approved by the Pres-
ident.
Well, sir, I now ask, in the terms of my col-
league in the other end of the Capitol, whether
that restriction upon the President and the De-
partments is not ample for the purposes of pro- ;
tecting the public funds from any misapplication I
on their part to any purposes not intended by i
Congress?
But let us see how this matter will work out,
according to the views of my friend from Mary-
land. We had, some time ago, to iun a bound- 1
ary line between the United States and Groat Brit- j
am. We made a specific appropriation of so much
money for the purpose of running and marking
that boundary line. It was not intended, at the
time of its passage, that this line could be run and
marked in the space of twelve months, but that it
might be run and marked in the space of two years,
or a less time. Now, sir, under the operation of
the doctrine which is insisted upon by my friends
upon the other side, whatever amount was un-
applied at the close of the fiscal year after the
passage of the bill, would have to go back into the
Treasury, and could not be applied to the pur-
pose of running or marking this line, for which it
had been by law specifically set apart. But, if it
is not done within two years, under this law of
1842, whatever was unexpended at the end of two
years, goes back into the Treasury. Under their
view, the object would be to return at the close of
the first year whatever was left unapplied to the
purpose, although it may then be in progress of
execution; and it would require, therefore, the
legislation of two successive sessions to accom-
plish what one act of legislation would effect as
the law now stands.
Now, sir, can it be a matter of so much import-
ance that where a purpose of this sort is to be
effected you shall make an annual appropriation?
You know, at the time you make it, you cannot
accomplish the purpose within the year, and at
the same time you make it with the understanding
that you are to come back next year to appropriate
again. What good end would such legislation
subserve? Would it save the Treasury? Would
it expedite the work ? Would it facilitate the pur-
pose Congress had in view m making the appro-
priation in the first instance? I apprehend not.
While it would accomplish none of these pur-
poses, it might be productive of very serious em-
barrassment and difficulty teethe Departments of
the Government who have these expenditures in
charge.
Mm
But let us look at our own country. Here is
a portion of it lying upon the Pacific coast, thou-
sands of miles distant from this point; and when
appropriations are made, it requires months to
communicate with the officers there, and make
■the necessary arrangements for the purpose of
executing the laws of Congress. My friend from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] and myself both know
that during the present session of Congress the
returns for the Indian service from that distant
portion of our country did not arrive here in time
to be submitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means with the annual reports at the opening of
the session. And they never did come in to us,
I believe, till the latter part of the month of April,
some four months after Congress had convened.
Now, we see, at once, that where this correspond-
ence has to be carried on, where instructions have
to be given, and parties to be heard from, you
may lose one half or more of the entire year before
you can apply a dollar of the appropriation to the
purpose for which Congress designed it.
Then, I say, this restriction would operate
badly; and I say that while we have this two-
years restriction, we have every protection that
the Treasury needs, and have, at the same time,
none of the embarrassments that would grow out
of the provision which it is proposed to insert in
the appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I think we had
bettor have a call of the House.
Mr. GROW. I wish the gentleman would
withdraw the demand for the previous question
to let me introduce a bill to have printed and re-
ferred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, declined.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is there a quo-
rum in the House ?
The SPEAKER. T*here was no division called
for, and the fact whether there is a quorum or not
was not ascertained.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Did I under-
stand the Speaker to announce his decision?
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the previous question had been seconded, and
was just announcing that the mam question was
ordered, when the gentleman from Maryland rose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I do not insist on
my point of order.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am ap-
plied to by the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and
Indiana to give way to introduce bills. I desire
to have a little private bill for the relief of one of
my constituents taken up. It is a bill which
passed the Senate, and if there is no objection I
will move to suspend the rules so as to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House from its fur-
ther consideration. It is Senate bill (No. 230)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Daniel
Hay, deceased.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules cannot be entertained.
Mr. WASHBU RNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
that my friend from Virginia will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is not a quo rum here; ,
the bill appropriates money, and I object. j
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This is a j
bill the exact counterpart of one which was passed j
.at last Congress. I hope the gentleman from j
Virginia will withdraw his objection. j
Mr, CLEMENS withdrew his objection. :
Mr. GROW. I desire theconsentofthe House j
to permit me to introduce a biil for reference and I
to bo printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is it in order to
transact business without a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. But it has not been
announced that there is no quorum.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mary land. I think the House
is setting a bad precedent; and I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Huftintojj were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 64, noes 45. , ,
Mr. HOWARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 4, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information relative to the lists of post
offices, regulations, &c., published by GeorgeS.
Gideon in 1855, and by John C. Rives ^n 1857;
which, on motion of Mr. Stuart, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of J. W.
Cummins, for himself and other temporary clerks
employed under authority of law, praying to be
allowed the benefit of the act of April 22, 1854;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POSTER presented the petition of George
B. Bacon, who performed the duties of purser,
while holding an appointment as captain's clerk,
! on board the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, praying
j compensption for his services as purser; which
j was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.len, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 538) for the
relief of setilers on certain lands in the State of
Illinois, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled bill entitled " An act authorizing the
i President of the United States, m conjunction
I with the State of Texas, to run and mark the
i boundary line between the Territories of the
i United States and the State of Texas;" which
: thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
I ident.
j HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
j The biil (No. 538) from the House of Repre-
! sentatives, for the relief of settlers on certain lands
m the State of Illinois, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
432) to amend an act entitled " An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal ycarendnig the30th
of .1 une, 1856;" which was read twice by its title,
and leferu-d to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STCJART also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
433) to run, mark, and survey the western bound-
ary oi the State of Minnesota; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was jeferrcd the memorial
of the executive board of the American Indian
Aid Association, reported adversely thereon, the
existing law making- sufficient provision on the
subjects treated of 111 the memorial.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militio, to whom was referred the
petition of R. F, Hunter, praying to be credited
for public moneys stolen while in his possession,
submitted an adverse report thereon.
Mi. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (Ii.R.No.
556) makm? appropriations for the seiviceofthe
Post Oinee Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1859, reported it without
amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
