THE CONGRSSS&OKAL GLOBE.
June 4.
■was referred the bill (*K, EL No. 555) to supply
deficiencies inrthe appropriations for the current
a d comingent expenses of the Indian- depart-
ment, and for fulfilling frfcaty stipulations with
various Indian; tribes- for the year ending June
30, 1858, reported it with an amendment.
" Mr. THOMSON, of Hew Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of John H. Yeweil, praying to be
allowed a pension, submitted an adverse report,
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, who were instructed by a
resolution of the Senate to inquire whether the
post office laws authorize a postmaster to refuse
to deliver letters to a person authorized to receive
them by the individuals to whom they are ad-
dressed, and if any legislation be required on the
subject, submitted a letter of the Postmaster Gen-
eral in relation to the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr, FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them
back without amendment, and recommended their
passage:
A hill (No. 534) for the relief of Allen Smith;
A bill (No. 221) for the relief of Mary Bain-
bridge;
A bill (No. 239) for the relief of Zina Williams;
A bill (No. 459) granting an invalid pension to
Silas Stevens, of Virginia; and
A bill (No. 529) for the relief of Samuel Good-
richer.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 224) for the re-
lief of Stephen Bunnell, reported it with amend-
ments
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 423) for the
relief of Jane Perry, reported it without amend-
ment, and asked to be discharged from the fui tlier
consideration of the same, and that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw her papers; which was
agreed to.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the hill ([-I. R. No. 233)
for the relief of Sylvanus Burnham, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 366) for the re-
lief of John Duncan, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (11. II. No. 4G4) for the re-
lief of Cornelius H. Latham, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 532) for the re-
lief of-Ebenezer Hitchcock, reported it without
amendment and adversely.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 51J)
for the relief of Nchcmiah S. Draper and William
Holder), heirs-at-law of Mary Draper, deceased,
reported it without amendment and adversely.
He also,fiom the same committee, to whom
was ieft rt-ed the bill (U. R. No. 528) for ihe re-
lief of Judith Nott, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. 11. No. 45B) for the re-
lief of Evelina Porter, widow of the lute Com-
modore David Porter, of the United States Navy,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 277) for the re-
lief of Mary Boyle, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R, No. 506) for the relief of the admin-
istrator of Horatio Boulthee, deceased, reported
it without amendment and adversely.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 321) for the relief of John B.
Roper, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 200) in relation to
the duties of postmasters, reported it without
amendment, and that it ought not to pass.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom were referred
the following bills from the House of Represent-
atives, severally reported them back without
amendment:
A bill (No. 531) for the relief of John Perry,
of Illinois;
A bill (No, 346) for the relief ofWilliam Sutton;
A bill (No. 45?) for the relief of Kennedy*
O'Brien; and
A bill (No. 5S7) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearson.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 267) for the re-
lief of Timothy L. O'Keeflfee, reported it without
amendment and adversely.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 529) for the relief of John C.
Rath bun; and
A bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief of Nancy
Magill, of Ohio.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
246) for the relief of certain settlers on the public
lands in the State of Wisconsin, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the petition of Theresa Dardenne, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 434) for the
relief of Theresa Dardenne, widow of Abraham
Dardenne, deceased, and their children. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 54) to revive an act
entitled "An act for the relief of the representa-
tives of John Donelson, Stephen Heard, and oth-
ers,'' approved May 24,1824, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. 1VERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred th%petition of James T.
V. Thompson, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 435) for the relief of James T.
V. Thompson. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Peter Trezvant, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 437) to refund to the State of
Georgia the amount paid by said State to Peter
Trezvant for supplies furnished certain troops
during the revolutionary war; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles M. Perry,
submitted a report, accompanied by a hill (S. No.
439) for the relief of Charles M. Perry. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the petition of Nathaniel Hayward, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 436) for the
relief of Nathaniel Hayward. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims on the claim of Joseph Clymer, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 438)
for the relief of Joseph Clymer. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a mo-
tion to print one thousand extra copies of the
report on commercial relations, for the State De-*
partment, reported in favor of the motion; and it
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print certain papers re- ]
latmg to the case of Schuyler Livingston, re-
ported in favor of piinting the same; and the mo-
tion was agreed to,*
He also, from the same committee, to w.hom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to the appoint-
ment and compensation of A. G. Penn and Emile
La Sere, reported in favor of printing the same;
and the motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OP BOOKS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am directed, |
by the Joint Committee on Public Printing, who 1
were instructed by a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 5th of April last,44 to in-
quire into the propriety of suspending the print-
ing of any books which may have been ordered by
any previous Congress; and if the printing of any
of said books has been commenced, that they
inquire how far the work has progressed, and
whether it is proper to discontinue their publica-
tion, and pay for the work which may have been
done; and that they report, by bill or otherwise,"
to submit a report, accompanied by a couple of
resolutions, counterparts of which have already
been adopted in the House of Representatives*
and which are the results of the investigations
made by the Joint Committee on Public Printing.
If these resolutions shall be adopted in the Sen-
ate, as they have been m the Bouse of Represent-
atives, they will effect a saving of some three hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars on the public
printing this year in regard to three outstanding
unfinished works, to wit: the Pacific railroad sur-
vey, the Mexican boundary survey, and the Chili
astronomical exploration. 1 ask the adoption of
these resolutions. I presume it will hardly be
necessary to consume the time of the Senate by
reading the report in full.
Mr. KING. If it is to be acted on it ought to
be read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; read
the report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That they have carefully examined into the matters re-
ferred to them, and have found that all the reports ordered
to be printed by Cougiess previous to the present session
have either been completed, or arc in such a state of for-
wardness that the suspension of the publication of either
of them would result m the loss of much valuable informa-
tion to the country, which has been collected at very great
expense.
Their investigations, however, have led them to the con-
clusion tlfat, while they recommend the completion of the
printing of all the leports heretofore oideicci, the number
of copies may be so reduced upon some of the volumes, not
yet printed, as to effect a very con^ideiable saving of the
public money, and,at the same time, furnish as many copies
of each as will meet all the just requirements of the Gov-
ernment and of the public.
The unfinished works are tlnee in number, as follows:
The report of the results of the United States naval
astronomical expedition to Chili, ordered to be printed at
the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress. Tins woik
will comprise six volumes, four of which arc printed; and
the pruning of the remaining two aie progressing simulta-
neously. The number of extia copies being snfal!—one
thousand foi the Senate and two thousand lor the House—•
the saving of expense to be effected by lesemding the res-
olutions to print them would be so inconsiderable that the
committee do not deem it expedient to recommend any in-
terference with existing ordeis.
2 Reports of explorations and surveys to ascertain the
mod practicable route for a railroad from the Mississippi
i ivcr to the Pacific ocean. These reports will make twelve
lai ge quarto volumes, (including one volume ofeharts,) elab-
ouuelj- lllustiated. The Senate has ordeied the printing of
twelve thousand four hundred copies, and the House eleven
thousand five hundred and twenty copjcs. The printing of
°ight volumes has been completed; the ninth and tenth have
been neatly finished ; the eleventh (comprising the narra-
tive of Governor Stevens's expedition) has not yet been
eommcnecd, nor the copy furnished; and the punting of
the twelfth, being the volume of charts, has not yet been
commenced, though the whole expense ot engraving these
charts in coppei, amounting to about forty-five thousand
dollars, ha?, been incurred. Inasmuch as the volume com-
prising the narrative of Governoi Stevcns'3 expedition will
not be prepared in time to commence the pnnting pievious
to the next session of Congress, and, as a disposition is man-
ifested to curtail all expendituies m reteienec to this woik
that can with propriety be made, your committee submit a
resolution hciewith which dispenses with the publication
of this volume until Congress shall otbeiwise dnect. The
cost of this volume is estimated at $103,000.
The committee also recommend that the number of copies
Of the volume ofehaits be leduccd from twenty-three thou-
sand nine hundred and twenty to three thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty copies, which will give the usual number
of copies for the two Houses of Congress, five hundred
copies for the use of the War Department, and fifty copies,
heietofoic ordered by the Senate, to each of the offieeis
commanding expeditions This will efieet a saving of up-
waids of Eighty thousand dollar. Should the wants of the
Government hereafter requne an additional number of these
charts they could be procuicd at small expense, as the.plates
fiom which they are printed are the piopeity of Congress,
and will be pi escived foi future use.
3. Report of the United States commissioner to survey the
bounduw line between the United States and the Republic of
itfejncoj'otdered to be printed auhe first session ot the Tim -
ty-Fourth Congress. This lepoit comprises two volumes,
the first of which has been completed. Of the second vol-
ume, the Senate has oidered the printing of two thousand
extia copies ; and, if the oidei of the House to print the re-
port included aUo the printing of the appendix, or second
volume, tiieieaii'iequircd fo  (he Ilou-e ten thousand extia
copies. Tins volume will contain about five hundred pages
of text and two hundied and tdehty-lwo pastes of ulusua-
ttons, and its entire cosfcwill he .$-107,000. The engiaved
plates for this volume have ail been contracted for, unUei
the authonty of th« Secietaiy of the Intci ior, and are nearly
completed.
