THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1858.
New Series No. 169.
As the number of copies ordered appears to be more than 1
the public inteiests require, the committee recommend that i
it be reduced to one thousand extra copies for the Senate,
and three thousand for the House, theieby effecting a sav-
iii£ of about sixty thousand dollars.
There are, also, six large index maps, engraved on cop-
per; but as they aie not intended to be bound m either of the
volumes of the report, and as there appears to be no general
interest attached to them, it is recommended that they be
turned over to the Secretaiy of the Interior, who can have
copies printed, fiorn time to time, as the public interests
may lequue.
The amount required to complete the printing and bind-
ing of these three repot ts, with the illustrations, is estimated
at $643,4:23. To stop all of them, at present, would effect
an apparent saving of piobably foui hundred thousand dol-
lars; but this would cut off entirely the fouith and fifth
volumes of the Astionomical Report, four volumes of the
Pacific R.ulioad lieport, and the sccond volume of the Mex-
ican Boundary Report, and would render wholly valueless
printed and engraved matter, which has either been paid
for, or is yet to pay fot, amounting to more than half a mil-
lion dollars, much of winch, doubtless, is absolutely lieces-
barv for the uses of Government, and all of which is valuable
or interesting to the public. If, however, the lecommend-
ations of the committee meet the approbation of Confess,
it is believed that the sum of $316,000 will complete all these
reports in reduced numbers, (though sufficiently large for
all neces^aiy put poses,) and a saving thereby effected of
about three hundied and thirty thousand dollars.
The committee therefore recommend the adoption of tlie
following resoiuf^ns:
Resolved, Thai the resolution of the Senate of the 24th
of Fehiuatv, 185.r>, diiectmg the prmtinsof eleven thousand
exti.i copies of the report^ of the explorations and surveys
to ascertain the most piacticable and economical loute for
a raihoad from tlie Mississippi nver to the Pacific ocean,
be m> far modified a<* thru no extra copies of the volume of
charts be printed for di^tubution by the members ol the
Senate; and that the punting of the volume computing the
narrative of the expedition under Governor Stevens be sus-
pended until the furtliei order of the Senate.
Resolved, That the resolution of tho Senate of the 15th
of August, 1856, which dnects the punting of two thousand
extra copies of the appendix to the, repoit of Major Enioiy
on the Mexican boundary survey, be so far modified as to
authorize the printing of only one thousand exuacopies of
said report.
The committee would further report, that the sums ne-
cessary to complete the woik«s herein specified, in accoid-
ance with the plan recommended by youi committee, are
as follows:
Foi printing ordered by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives dining the Thirty-Third tfnd Thnty-Fourth Con-
gresses, and paper for the same, $b0.000.
Foi binding documents ordered to be printed by the Hou-se
of Representatives during the Tliutv-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and for engianngs, hthogiaphs, and
cloetrotvpcs tot the fame, ;$l-33,000.
For binding document oideted to be printed during the
Thirty-Third and Tint ty-Fourth Congie^es, and for engrav-
ing5. lubthiidphs, and electrotypes tor the same, $113,000.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
The resolutions were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JOHN JONES.
Mr. FOSTER. I am dnected by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No 456-) granting; an invalid pension to
Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee, to report
it back, with an amendment; and as this is a very
peculiar case, and the petitioner is a very old man,
1 ask that the bill be considered at the present
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee orthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (VI. R. No. 45G) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Brevet Major John Jones, of lennessee.
The original bill directed the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Brevet Major John
Jones, of Tennessee, on the invalid pension roll,
and pay him a pension, at the rate of twenty-five
dollars per month, from the 4th of September,
1856, and to continue during his natural life.
The committee reported it with an amendment
to strike out all after the word " month," in the
sixth line, and insert, " fiom and after the date
of his application, and to continue during his nat-
ural life," so as to make the bill read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is hereby,
directed to place tlie name of Brevet Major John Jones, of
Tetme^ee, on the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pen-
sion at the rate of foity dollar; per mouth, fioin and after
the date of his application, and to continue duung his nat-
ural life.
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear the bill, as
it originally was, read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. JONES. The amendment is simply to
prevent the payment of buck pay, to cut oft three
months' pension. The House proposes to give
him three months more than we do by the amend-
ment. 9
Mr. POLK. I think he ought to have it. I
want the House bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. IVERSON. If there be no further reports
I want to make a motion.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Georgia*to allow me to take up a biil that came
from the Committee on Military Affairs, of which
he is a member, and I think it will take no time.
We have a letter from the Adjutant. General on
the subject.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it a private bill ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. It is the bill in re-
lation to enlistments and administering oaths in
the Army.
Mr. IVERSON. To-day is set apart for the
Private Calendar, and I am disposed to go on with
it; but I will give way to the Senator, if his biil
will lead to no debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to appeal to both the
honorable Senators to call up tiie resolution in
regaidto the adjournment.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a privileged question,
and I suppose the Senator can make the motion
at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Chair will remark, that
at the first blush he thought it not in order to
consider this te&olution to-day. On subsequent
reflection, at the suggestion of gentlemen more
^conversant with the rules than the present occu-
pant of the chair, he inclines to the opinion that
it is a privileged question, and therefore, if the
Senator makes the motion, it can be considered.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
j of the House, announcing that the House had
I passed the resolution of the Senate in refoience to
' the final adjournment, with an amendment to strike
out " Monday, tlie 14th," and in lieu thereof to
insert "Thursday, the 10th."
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to vote against that
amendment, and ask the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. MASON". I submit to the better knowl-
edge, on this matter, of the Senator from New
York, that it would be proper to let the ievolution
he until next week, and see it we cannot finish
up the business. 1 presume we can.
Mr. FOOT. Without action, the old resolu-
tion stands.
Mr. SEWARD. We shall have to adjourn on
Monday, if we do not act.
j Mr. MASON. Jt shows that I was fortunate
! in appealing to the Senator's better intelligence.
! The yea^ and nays weie ordeieu.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
i is on concurring in the amendment of the House
j of Representatives.
! Mr. FOSTER. I suppose we are all agreed
! that it is better to continue the session until
I Thursday, than to adjourn on Monday. If we
i vote this amendment down, in my belief, we shall
| adjourn on Monday. I ihink it better, theu'fore,
j to adopt the House amendment; and if, on Thura-
i day, a necessity should exist for a continuance,
! I have no doubt it will be continued, i hope the
Senate will concur in the amendment of the House.
Mr. GWIN. 1 have nut the most remote idea
that the House will adhere to their amendment,
if we vote it down. I hope it will be voted down.
We are ju st as little qualified to adjourn uii Thurs-
day, as wp are on Alonday.
Mr. HALE, i do not believe that I ever knew
the business pf the session done up so closely as
it will be done if we adjourn on Monday, since I
have be<in a member of Congress, now some fif-
teen years. Still, to gratify the whims of some gen-
tlemen who think it is necessary to make a show,
I shall vote to concur m the House amendment,
but I can tell the Senator from California that if
he thinks the House will back down further than
that, he is exceedingly mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. Let us try them, anyhow.
Mr. HALE, and others. We will not try
them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid. Broderick, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clay, Clingman, (Jollamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Green,
Hale, Uanilin, Hammond, Johnson of Arkansas Pearce,
Pugh, Kei-1. Sebastian, Simmons, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Wade, and Wright—29.
NA YS— Messrs. Allen, Benjamin. Bigler, Bright, Davis,
Fitch, Foot,Gwin, Hailan, llayne, Houston, Hunter, fver-
son. Johnson ofTennesr-ee, Jones, Kennedy, King,MaUory,
Mason, Polk, Seward, Shdeil, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Tiunibull, Wilson, and Yulee—97.
So the amendment of the House was con-
curred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to submit a motion to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the naval appropriation biil
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will give us
until one o'clock, before the motion is pressed.
Mr. HUNTER. I want to try the sense of
the Senate. We have determined to adjourn on
Thursday, and if so, we must go on with these
bills.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will give
way and allow me to move to take up a bill 
Mr. HUNTER. If I give way to one, I must
give way to all. I want the sense of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope, if the Senator from
Virginia will not give way, that we shall vote
down his proposition. Give us the morning hour.
We can pass a number of private bills. The par-
ties are importunate about them. The Senator
, from Virginia has the whole day after one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. After one o'clock, there will
be an order for private bills. If it were not for
, that 1 might yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall all agree, I ap-
: prebend, by general consent, that at one o'clock
we shall take up the appropriation bill,
i Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my motion if the
understanding is that we shall take up the appro-
priation hills at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will agree to it.
Mr. PUGH. I object to it. I think the Sen-
ator from Virginia took last Friday for his appro-
priation bills. "We have had but one private bill
day during the cession, and I hope the motion
will be voted down.
Mr. I1UNTKR. 1 think, then, we had better
.take tiie sense of the Senate. I shall submit to
whatever it is very cheerfully.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion is pending.
Mr. IV13RS0N. What is the motion r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To postpone
all prior orders, and take up the naval appropri-
ation biil.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that motion will not
prevail; but that the Senate will proceed to acton
the Pnvate Calendar, at least so far as to act on
Senate bills that may not be objected to. We may
1 postpone the House bills until next week, and act
on them on Tuesday, because it is not essential
that they should be acted on to-day; but we can
make much piogiess with the bills reported in
tins branch, which may not give rise to debate,
, if we commence where we left off the last day we
! had the Calendar under consideration. It will be
useful and proper that they should bo passed, so
that they can go to the House of Representatives
before the termination of the session, in order that
. they may be acted on there, and receive the sanc-
tion of the House of Representatives.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' Mr. FOOT. I understand there are one hun-
dred and fifty private bills on our table from the
169
