2690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
House of Representatives. Unless they are acted
on*to-day,Iseeno chance at all for acting on them
in the Senate. I think we had better go to the
Private Calendar.
Mr. HALE. I am as much in favor of dispos-
ing of the private bills as anybody here; but I
think we ought to pass the appropriation bills
first, and then we can pass the private bills.
. The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Cameron, Clay, Cling-
roan, Ooilamer, Davis, Dixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitzpat-
rick, Gwm, Hale, Hammond, ilayne, Hunter, Johnson of
Arkansas, Mason, Pearce. Polk, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wiight, and YuJee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Broder-
ick, Brown, Chandler, Doohttle, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green,
Hamlm, Harlan, Houston, lverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, King, Mallory, PugU, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—07.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Private Calendar,
beginning where we left off when the Calendar
was up before, and acting on those bills which
shall not give rise to debate.
Mr. G\VIN. I object to that, and hope the or-
der will be reversed.
Mr. IVERSON. I can only say, that at the
commencement of the Calendar the first two or
three cases are the most debatable cases on the
Calendar, and if we take them up, we shall oc-
cupy the whole day in debating them, and prob-
ably not pass one of them; whereas, if we go oil
with those bills that shall give rise to no debate,
we shall do some good.
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist that we go through
with "the public business.
Mr. IVERSON. I submit my motion, and let
the Senate decide it. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Biown,
Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Duikee, t'essenden, Fitch, Fitz-
i>atriek, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Houston, Iveison, Jones,
Cennedy, Maliorv, Mason, Polk, Pngh, fteid, Sowatd, Sim-
mons, Shdell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Tiumbull,
Wade, and Wilson-—33.
NAYS--Messrs. Allen,Bayard, Clay, CUngman, Green,
Gwm, Hammond, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
Wright, and Yulee—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
MYRA CLARK GAINES.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 383) for the relief of Myra Clark Gaines.
U directs theSecielary of the Interior to place
the name of Myra Clark Gaines, widow of the
late Major General Edmund P. Gaines, on the
pension roll, at the rate of half the pay per month
to which he was entitled at his death, to com-
mence from the Gth of June, 1849, and to con-
tinue during her natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report in that case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FiTZFAr-
lticK.) No report accompanics the bill.
Mr. TOOM15S. Then I object to it.
OLIVER P. llOVEY,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No.
256) for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Oliver P. Hovey $1,555, compensation for
printing the " Kearny Code" of laws for New
Mexico, in 1856.
Mr. KING, f do not see how this Govern-
ment is liable. Tiie claim should, I think, be
against the government ofNew Mexico. I object
to the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. KING subsequently said: I ask that the
bill which was laid over in relation to printing the
laws ofNew Mexico be passed. On examination
and a statement of that case, I am satisfied that
there is no just objection to it. I waive my ob-
jection, and ask that the bill be passed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
256) for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM MONEY.
The bill (H. R. No. 398) for the relief of Wil-
liam Money, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
inquire into the alleged seizure of certain horses
in California, by the orders of General Kearny,
said to be the property of William Mon,ey; and
the value of the horses seized, which were appro-
priated to the use of the Army of the United States,
and to pay the value of each horse.
Mr. WRIGE2T. Is there a report in that case ?
I wish to hear it read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the claim is for forty-live horses
seized under the orders of General Kearny in
California, and for other articles lost, as he avers,
in consequence of the conduct of the troops. The
horses are valued at f 100 each. The memorialist
alleges that he had been engaged for many years
as a naturalist, in exploring California, studying
the geology, geography, and productions of the
country, with a view to publish the information
accumulate by his observations and researches;
and that he had compiled a laige manuscript vol-
ume, containing many drawings, paintings, and
maps, which was worth $10,000. He says he
had instruments connected with his scientific in-
vestigations in natural history worth $320, and
personal baggage and provisions worth $680. He
states that in November, 1R46, he left the town of
Los Angelos for Sonora, and having reached an
Indian village, called Howargo, was there de-
prived of his horses by the troops under the com-
mand of General Kearny, and thus deprived of
the means of pursuing hisjourney or of returning.
He moreover states that information having been
given by General Kearny's ti oops to those Indians
and to the neighboring tribes, that the country
was under the American flag, and that it became
the duty of those Indians to aid and assist in the
American cause, and to prevent the passage of all
persons from the settlements to Sonora, it was a
sufficient incentive to the Indians for the exercise
of their natural inclination for pillage; and after
the departure of the troops of General Kearny,
the Indians took prisoners the whole of the me-
morialist's party, and commenced an indiscrimi-
nate plunder of his property and baggage, and
in a few moments totally destroyed all his valua-
ble manuscripts, drawings, maps, and interesting
documents, the result of more than twenty years'
arduous labor, and upon which he placed his sole
dependence for his future maintenance.
He also mentions the sufferings to which his
wife was subjected in consequence of his losses.
His statements on this subject present a case of
female suffering of very aggravated character, and
well calculated to make a deep impression on the
sensibilities of the heait.
The committee determined to report a bill au-
thorizing an inquiry into the truth of the allega-
tions of the petition, and to provide for the pay-
ment of as many of the horses of the petitioner as
were taken under the orders of General Kearny,
and appropriated to the service of the United
States. They would have reported a bill for the
immediate payment of the value of the horses
claimed, but for certain circumstances which in
a great degree threw suspicion upon the whole
claim. The affidavits which prove the value of
the horses and the property, state, in words
written at length, the value of the articles. It
appears, from the inspection of the affidavits, that
the \alue for each horse was first written/oity or
fifty dollars, and that the word "forty" or "fifty"
had been erased, and " 100,'' m figures, inserted
in its place, preceding the word dollars. It is
clear that the word erased was forty or fifty, but
which, cannot be distinctly told. At the time
General Kearny invaded California, the commit-
tee has ascertained from various sources that
the usual price for the best horses in California
did not exceed the price of twenty-five dollars
per head, on an average. It seemed to the com-
mittee that the valuation put upon the horses by
the witnesses whose affidavits are filed, was very
extravagant, compared with reliable information
obtained from other sources; but when the valu-
ation as originally written in the affidavits has
been erased, and'figures insertedr doubling the
price, such fact brings a just suspicion upon the
whole claim.
The committee perceive no ground, no proof,
upon which the Government of the United States
can justly be made responsible for the depreda-
tions committed by Indians in the manner stated.
There is no evidence that General Kearny, or any
of his officers or men, gave directions to the In-
dians to make prisoners of the memorialist and
his family, or depredate on his property. Nor
does the committee perceive that the loss of the
manuscripts, &c., &c., was a necessary conse-
quence of the seizure of the horses. Thieves may
have stolen the property, even if the horses had
not been taken. The damage complained of for
the loss of all the property, except the horses, is
too contingent and uncertain to constitute a valid
claim against the Government. Moreover, the
committee have no means of forming a judgment
in regard to the value of the maps, drawings,
manuscripts, &c., said to have been destroyed
by the Indians; and some samples of the talent of
the memorialist which have been exhibited to the
committee do not produce any favorable opinion
of the value of manuscripts said to be destroyed.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN F. CANNON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 273) for the relief of John F. Cannon.
It requires the Postmaster General to pay to
John F. Cannon, at the rate of $120 per annum,
for and during the time he carried the mail, ac-
cording to his contract, in addition to the amount
already paid to him, for additional expense in-
curred and extra service performed by him on
mail route No. 2627.
Mr. KING. Is there a report accompanying
that bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; there
is no report.#
Mr. KING. Then let it go over.
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL.
The bill (S. No. 400) to surrender the stock of
the United States in the Dismal Swamp Canal
Company, upon certain conditions, to said com-
pany, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The shares held by the United States in the
stock of the Dismal Swamp Company are, by this
act, to be released and surrendered to the com-
pany, upon condition that the proceeds or profits
thereof are to be applied to the prosecution and
completion of the work commenced by the com-
pany to connect the southern termination of the
ccinal with Pasquotank river, below the Moccasin
Track; and also that the United States shall not
be thereafter subject to any contribution or ex-
pense for the work, or for repairing or extending
the canal, or for any object resulting from its in-
terest as one of the joint proprietors.
Mr. KING. Is there a report or a statement
of the facts?
Mr. CLAY. The report is amons: the papers;
but I can state the case briefly if the Senate
chooses to hear mo. The Government of the
United States has been a stockholder in this com-
pany for a good while.
Mr. STUART. To what amount?
Mr. CLAY. To an amount equal to about
one third of the stock.
Mr. KING. What is the whole amount?
Mr. CLAY. The stock is of littlevalue unless
the work is completed in the way proposed. They
came here with a memorial, and asked Congress
either to appropriate money, its proportionate
share, towards completing this work, or to afford
such other relief as it thought proper. The Com-
mittee on Commerce unanimously determined
that they would surrender the stock on condition
that the Government should be discharged, and I
think it was pretty generally agreed that we would
surrender all other stock we have got in every
other work of improvement.
Mr. KING. I am content.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it provided that, if we
go out, they will complete it ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, they undertake to do that.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
NEW YORK INDIANS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole.,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 389) pro-
viding for the allotment of lands to certain New
York Indians, and for other purposes.
