wm><-
The President is directed, aseoonas practica-
ble, to cause three hundred and twenty acres, or
one half sectioh of land^tobe set apart and allot-
ted to each individual Indfaw entitled to lands in
the tract set apart for the use of the New York
Indians, by' the treaty of. January 15,1838, made
and concluded at Buffalo Creek, inNew York, and
the treaty made at the same place on the 20th day
of May, 1842: the lands are to be selected within
the reserve, in Kansas'Territory, in conformity
to the legal subdivisions of the public surveys,
and so as. to include the improvements of each In-
dian, and patents for the same are to be issued to
the head of -each family. When the selections
shall .have been tfius made and allotted, the re-
mainder of the reserve is to be considered a part
of the public lands, and-to be subject to settlement,
preemption, and entry, as other lands belonging
to the United States.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with an amendment to insert in
the seventh line, after the word " Indians," the
words " and now residing thereon,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to bo engrossed and read a third timo.
It was read the third time, and passed.
■ GEORGE 8TEALEY.
The bill (S. No. 403) for the relief of George
Stealey was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Wholes-
The account furnished by George Stonley, for
services rendered and expenses incurred by him
as agent, appointed by tho Indian commissioners
of the United States for tho Slate of California, (o
visit the northern tribes of Indians ill that Smte,
is to be referred to the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, with authority to causo the same to be souled
upon principles of equity and justice, and the
amount thereof to be paid. This settlement is to
be made upon satisfactory vouchors showing that
the expenses wore actually incurred, and that tho
prices paid wero just and proper under tho pecu-
liar circumstance'® of tho case.
Mr. ICING. I call for the reading of the report,
Tho Secretary read thn report; from which it
appears that the memorialist was employed m the
winter of 1850-51 by the United States Indian com-
nfissioners in California to visit the tribes in the
northern portion of that State, with a view to
arrest the aggrossions upon the miners in iheir
neighborhood, and establish peaceful relations
between those Indians and tho whito inhabitants
until permanent treaties could bo made, in which
he was successful. In consequence of the sepa-
ration of tho commissioners In-fore he had re-
turned from his mission, and the exhausted state
of the fund provided for tho purpose, ho, as he
alleges, lias not been compensated for his ser-
vices, norreimbursed tho money expended by him
out of his own funds in carrying out the object
of his mission. He. now asks payment for his
services and reimbursement of his expenses, a
list of which is among the papers, furnished under
oath, but unaccompanied by any proper vouch-
ers, other than the statement of one of tho com-
missioners, also filed with the papers, that the
memorialist was employed on ihe service indica-
ted, which was one ofgiyat danger and exposure,
and had succeeded in effecting the object of his
mission, as the memorialist had alleged in a let-
ter written to the commissioner. The committee
are of opinion that the memorialist should be com-
pensated for any services he may have performed
under the direction of the United States commis-
sioners, and reimbursed any expenses actually
incurred in the performance of theduty assigned
to him, 011 production of satisfactory vouchers,
showing that the expenses wcreactuully incurred,
and that they were necessary to the attainment
of the end that he had in view.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
The bill (H. R. No. 232) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead, was-considercd as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Margaret Whitehead, widowof Wil-
liam Whitehead, a boatswain in the United States
Navy, op the pension.tfoll, and cause to be paid
to her the sum of ten dollars, per month, from the
9th day of April, 1854, and to continue during
her natural life or widowhood.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read it; and it appeared that the
petitioner is the widowof William Whitehead,
deceased, who was a boatswain in the United
States Navy. While engaged, under orders, in
removing some cannon and calls at Old Point, he
received a strain in the groin, resulting in hernia;
and he died of strangulated kernia and hydrocele,
April 9,1854.
' Mr. TOOMBS. I should thinloit was time the
Senate was takingsome action,and adopting some
principle, in reference to these questions. Here,
it seems, was a person in the civil service in timo
of peace, who, in lifting cannon, was supposed to
have been affected at the time, and subsequently
died; and his widow is to be pensioned. If that
is a ground for a pension, it ought to be made a
general rule for pensions. None of these cases
ought to be entertained here at all. These arc
mere applications to us for gratuities; and all pub-
lic business must stand aside that you may give
people gratuities. Ifthisman isentitled to a pen-
sion under these circumstances, what is the limit?
You see it is a far-fetched case. When he died,
or how he died, is not stated; but it is supposed
that his death resulted from his services in re-
moving cannon balls 1 If persons, by casualties
in time of peace, con tract diseases by which they
may subsequently die, aro they to be pensioned?
If so, that ought to be ft principle. We ought not
to be lumbering up Congress here. They ought
to go to the proper Department and get it. The
class of cases that are beyond all principle come
here. Because they are not within the principle,
they ought not to pass. I object, therefore, to
the passage of the bill.
Tlie bill was passed over.
MILES JUDSON.
The bill (S. No. 407) for the relief of Miles
Judson, surety on the official bond of the late Pur-
ser Andrew 1). Crosby, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It requires tho proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department to readjust tho accounts of
the hue Purser Andrew D, Crosby, and to allow
credits therein for sundry suspended or rejected
items to the aggregate amount of $1,196 87; and
that-that sum, together with interest ihen-on at
tho rate of six per centum per annum, from the
1st of January, 1843, to the date of payment, be
reimbursed to Miles Judson, being so much of
theamount paid by him upon ajudgment obtained
against him as one of the sureties on the official
bond of Purser Crosby.
Mr. CLAY Head the report.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 can state to the Senate the
fads in the case. Crosby was a purser ill the
Navy; Judson was his security. Crosby died in
the UuIf. Ho fell from the mast-head. Ho was
ordered up aloft, fell, and was killed, under Com-
modore Perry, in the. Gulf of Mexico. His ac
counts aro unadjusted at the Treasury Depart-
ment There were a number of itoms objected to
because of the want of vouchers, and the vouchers
could not be produced on*account of the death of
Mr. Crosby. Judson was sued, judgment re-
covered on the bond, and ho has paid the debt,
amounting to something over four thousand dol-
lars. Since that voue.hers have been produced,
and sustain some of the items, not all; but as far
as the committee have had the vouchers wo have
authorized the money to be paid back to Mr. Jud-
son. It is perfectly fair.
The particulars of the claim are more minutely set
forth in the report from the Committee on Claims,
from which it appears that Judson was one of the
sureties on the official bond of Andrew D. Crosby,
late a purser in the United States Navy. Purser
Crosby was killed in 184G, while engaged in the
duty of piloting the United States steamer Vixen,
! under the command of Commodore Perry, along
I the coast of Yucatan. On the settlement of his
\ accounts at tho Treasury, a balance was found in
j favor of the United States for tho sum of $3,326 31,
I for which suit was instituted against the sureties,
j and judgment recovered, in 1855, against the pe-
j titioner, Miles Judson, who subsequently paid
I into the Treasury, through the marshal of the
eastern dietrict of Louisiana-, insatisfoction of the
same, ihe sum of $4,320 70., including interest and
costs. This application is for the reimbursement
of that sum, on the ground that the sudden death
of Purser Crosby, in the active discharge of his
duty in time of war, must have left his accounts
ig a.deranged condition, and that the presump-
tion, arising from his high character, is that, if
he had not been thus deprived of the possibility
of properly presenting his accounts and vouchers,
no defalcation would have appeared.
A claim was" presented to the Twenty-Ninth
Congress, in behalf of the representatives of Pur-
ser Crosby, to be allowed certain sums alleged to
have been paid by him to certain warrant officers
of the United States ship Ontario, in 1841, and
which had been disallowed in the settlement of
his accounts with the Government. The amount
thus claimed was §550 99. The claim was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate, who reported in favor of its allowance,
but it do^ not appear that any action was had
upon tho bill.
During the present session the committee re-
ferred the petition of Mr. Judson to the Secretary
of the Treasury, with the request that he would
cause the committee to be furnished with any in-
formation on the files of the Department calcu-
lated to load to a proper decision of the merits of
the present claim. In answer, the Secretary com-
municates a statement of the Fourth Auditor,
containing a list of items rejected in the settle-
ment of Purser Crosby's accounts, which is
among the .papers in the case, and sustains the
report of the committee in 1847 in favor of allow-
ing the sum of $550 99, and also an allowance
of several other items in the heietoforc rejected
accounts of Purser Crosby, amounting to an ad-
ditional sum of §218 97.
The committee concur in the opinion expressed
by the committee of the Twenty-Ninth Congress
in favor of the allowance of the $550 99 paid to
tho warrant officers of the Ontario, and with the
Fourth Auditor, who thinks that, in addition to
the above, a further sum of $218 97 on other
items should be allowed.
-There are amongst the papers lately filed by
the agent of Mr. Judson several original vouch-
ers for money paid out by Crosby, and which do
not appear ever to have beenallowed him,namely:
First, one large table, March 5, 1843, $15. Sec-
ond, for freight on specie, May 4, 1843, $30.
Third, for beef, bread, and vegetables purchased
for tho United States ship Preble, April 12,1845,
$110 66. These vouchers and purchases appear
to have been authorized and approved by the
commanding officers of the ship in which Crosby
was purser. These make up an additional sum
of $155 CG, which ought, in the'opinion of the
committee, to be allowed.
Tho Fourth Auditor, in his communication, ad-
mits the propriety of allowing the twenty-sixth,
, twenty-seventh, and twenty-eighth items of the
suspended accounts of Crosby, if there was any
evidence that he had ever received tho drafts and
Treasury notes which are tho foundation of the
items. Since that letter was received by the com-
mittee, the agent of the petitioner has filed the
certificate of George Curtis, cashier of the Bank
of Commerce, New York, in 1844, stating that
Mr. Crosby, as purser of the Ontario, handed him
$9,500 of Treasury notes to sell for him, which
Curtis sold at a discount of three fourths percent.;
the loss being$71 25, theidenticalamount charged
in item No. 28. In suppoit of the twenty-sixth
and twenty-seventh items, letters of the then Sec-
retary of the Navy, Mr. Upshur, are exhibited,
of 9tli May and 6th of July, 1842, authorizing
Mr. Crosby to draw on the Department at thirty
days'sight for such sums as he might want for
j the use of the ship, and -to negotiate the drafts on
j the best terms that could be obtained in New Or-
| leans. This is strong presumptive proof in sup-
| port of these two items, and authorizes the com-
mittee to allow them. These three items make
the sum of $271 25, and all added together make
up an aggregate sum of $1,196 87. The commit-
tee think the above sum ought to have been al-
lowed Purser Crosby in the settlement of his ac-
counts; and that as his surety, Mr. Judson, has
been charged interest on the amount of Crosby's
liability upon his official bond, it is reasonable and
just that interest should be allowed on the above
sum from the average period of the various ex-
