1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
for any time within the next six weeks or two
months. If my colleague will select any day
-within the next six weeks, I, as a friend of the
bill, will give my consent. Say the firstTuesday
in March, as suggested to me by the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to my
colleague that lam willing to see any day selected;
but as the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] objects to its being made a special
order, I cannot make the motion; and therefore I
have nothing more to say on that subject.
Mr. SAVAGE. I suppose that the gentleman
has a right to make the motion for a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
I can only make my motion by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I. hope unanimous
consent will be given, and let us dispose of this
matter.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope my friend from North
Carolina will withdraw his objection, and let the
course indicated by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] be adopted. We waste more
time in caviling over it than would be taken up
in this way.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the precise mo-
tion ?
Mr. LETCHER. To refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, and
make it a special order for six weeks or two
months hence.
Mr. SAVAGE. Say the first Tuesday in
March.
Mr. CLINGMAN. For how many days ?
Mr. LETCHER. Say for two days. We can
dispose of it in that time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection,
if the special order be confined to two days.
Mr. SAVAGE. Say three days, as a compro-
mise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the mo-
tion to make it a special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose we can vote at
once on the motion to postpone. There is no use
in discussing it further.
The question being on the motion to postpone
the further consideration of the bill till the 24th
of February next,
Mr. BOCOCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes one hundred and eight, noes not counted.
So the bill was postponed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. MORSE, of New Yoik, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported bills of the
following titles; which were severally read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of tlxc
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Isaac Carpenter;
A bill for the relief of Leonard Loomis; and
A bill for the relief of Hector St. John Beatly.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
As bury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill making appropriation for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending June 30, 1859.
A bill to alter the times of holding the terms of
the United States courts for the State of South
Carolina.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution for the compensation of R. R. Richards, as
chaplain of the penitentiary, for his salary, to !
June 30,1857; 111 which he was directed to ask the j
concurrence of the House.
RE-REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
Mr. MORSE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported back the pe-
titions and papers 111 the cases of John McGarvey,
Stephen P. Lamb, and Mary M. Davison; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
INVALID PENSION BILLS.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee 011 Inva-
lid Pensions, reported bills of the following titles;'
which were severally read a firstand second time,
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Henrietta L. Clarke;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Alcott; and
A bill for the relief of Mary W. Thompson.
WILLIAM YORK.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions,.reported a bill for the relief
of the heirs of William York; which was read a
first and second time, referred to aCommittee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
T. L. O. KEEFFEE.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
reliefofT.L. 0. Keeflee, of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
T. A. CROSBY.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported back the petition and papers of
Thompson A. Crosby; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OF A PATENT.
Mr. RE1LLY, from the Committee 011 Patents,
reported a billexcnding the patent granted to Wil-
liam Crompton for an improvement in figure or I
fancy power-looms, for seven years from the 25th
day of January, 1858; which was read a first and
second time,referred to aCommittee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
DAVID BRUCE.
Mr. MACLAY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill for the relief of David Bruce;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. KEITT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be authorized to employ a elerk at the usual rate
of compensation for clerks of committees in this House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
that resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. How does it come here ?
Mr. KEITT. It is the report of a commit-
tee.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] how
long that committee want a clerk, what they want
him to do, and whether they do not also want a
stenographer?
Mr. KEITT. In reply to the question of the
gentleman, I have to say that if we wanted a
stenographer, we should have to appoint the gen-
tleman from Virginia; but as the gentleman is
pretty full of business, I do not like to ask him to
act as stenographer. But, sir, the only question
of the gentleman requiringan answer is, howlong
we want a elerk ? I reply that, we want one only
for a short time—only until we can complete some
surveys and explorations which have to be made.
It is very well known that these grounds have to
be extended; and various plans have been pre-
sented, some extending them to Second street,
some to Third street, and some to Four-and-a-half
street. We have m view to present these vari-
ous schemes to the House, with their cost, and
then let the House determine which plan they will
adopt; and no longer than is absolutely necessary
will the clerk be employed.
The resolution was not agreed to—ayes 60,
noes 114.
Mr. BILLINGHURST moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was rejected; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 62) to supply an omission in the enrollment
of a certain act therein named; which thereupon j
received the signatuie of the Speaker. :
CONTUMACIOUS "WITNESS.
Mr. STANTON. The House will remember
that the reception of the answer of the witness
who was attached for contempt, was postponed
until one o'clock to-day. It is one o'clock now,
and the Sergeant-at-Arms informs me that the wit-
ness is present and ready to answer.
Mr. PHELPS. How many more committees
are there to be called ?
The SPEAKER. Some eight or ten.
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the House
receive the answer of the witness in writing.
The SPEAKER. The hour having arrived, the
Chair thinks, in execution of the order that the
party shall present himself, when the Chair will
propound to him the questions directed by the
House.
The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted the witness
into the presence of the House, when
The SPEAKER said: J. D. Williamson, you
have been presented at the bar of the House by its
order, to show cause why you have failed to ap-
pear before its committee in obedience to its sum-
mons. I am instructed by the House to propound
to you the following interrogatories, and to re-
ceive your answers thereto "in writing and under
oath:"
1. What excuse have you for not appearing
before the select committee of this House in pur-
suance of the summons served on you on the 27th
ultimo ?
2. Are you now ready to appear before said
committee, and answer such proper questions as
shall be put to you by said committee ?
The witness then submitted the following an-
swer in writing, under oath:
National Hotel, Washington, February 3,1858.
Mr. Speakf.r, House of Representatives of the United States.
Sir: According to a resolution of the House, of this date,
the following interrogatories are to be answered by me
under oath, viz:
1st. What excuse have you for not appearing before the
select committee of tins House, in pur&uance of the sum-
mons served on you ou the 27 th ult.
Answer. I was under the authority of the sheriff of the
city and county of New York, not to leave the city without
his consent, and was so advised by him and my counsel, with
whom I consulted on the suhjcct 5 also that it always was
my opinion, and is still, that neither the House of Repre-
sentatives or the Senate, has any legal right or authority to
compel me to come before them or their committees, to di-
vulge the private transaction of my business which I see
fit to transact in a perfect lawfull manner, an$ which if di-
vulged. woulddestioyallthe business otmy office, by which
1 am dependent on to support my family, as 110 person
would entrust their confidential business to a firm who, to
suit the different political parties that spring into power
every year, would call thefum befoie them to expose their
mo*t confidential and pnvatP affair*, which concern only
themselves, and which tlie Constitution of our common
countiy gives to every man who does not violate any of the
laws of the land,wln<-h I solemnly swear f have neverdone
or violated up to thus dav, and if I had not have been taken
from my bed by force, and brought to this city, by virtue of a
warrant issued by order of this House, it was my intention
to have thoroughly rented th<  question now at issue, before
one of the courts* m New York, without any disrespect to
your honorable body, as it has always been one of the most
particular objects of my life to pay all due rcspect and regard
for the legal constituted bodies of my country at all times.
2d. Are you now ready to appear before said committee
and answer such proper questions as shall be put to you by
said committee ?
Jlnswer. Yes, all pioper questions which shall not effect
my integrity or violate my oath or sacred promise I have
given not to divulge the same.
J. D. WILLIAMSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4th day of Feb-
uary, A. D. 1858. F. A. MURPHY, J. P.
Mr. STANTON. The committee which this
witness was summoned to appear before have
had, of course, no consultation as to the course
the House should pursue upon that answer, and
therefore I am not authorized by them to submit
any proposition to the House. I will, however,
submit a proposition which strikes rue as being
proper under the circumstances. The answer, it
will be seen, sets up matter of privilege by virtue
of which the witness claims exemption. In my
judgment there is nothing in it. But I do not pro-
pose to precipitate the action of the House upon
a question of that sort, or to present the issue pre-
maturely. I therefore desire, by the leave of the
House, that time may be given to enable the com-
mittee to have the witness brought before them, to
propound to him distinct interrogatories, in order
that the committee may ascertain whether there is
any matter of confidence which the witness claims
should exempt him from giving the information
the committee desire. If he answers, the question
of his obligation or not to answer as to confiden-
