1858,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1667
the amendment in regard to this particular trans-
action.
Now, sir, I thinlc T can compare with the Sen-
ator from Illinois or any others, in a desire, and
I hope an honest desire, to curtail the expenses of
this Government; but when I saw that the House
of Representatives had acted upon a state of facts
that existed at the time, and has ever existed since
1845, that the officers had acted upon the practice
of the Government up to this time, and that the
House ofReprcsentativeshad passed a bill making
an allowance for this extra compensation, because
it became necessary for the first time, the question
having been raised about its legality, I thought it
was but a proper deference to the House of Rep-
resentatives, having passed the law, to concur
with them in regard to this matter, under the pe-
culiar circumstances of this case, and attach an
additional proviso to the section, that hereafter
no further appropriations for this objectshould be
permitted. Suctiwas my impression, not having
heard of any other action of Congress on this sub-
ject at all. I have just been notified by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and he says it has, for the first
time, been brought to his attention recently, that
since 1845, in regard to some of the appropria-
tions included in this third section, there has been
an express prohibition against it. I know nothing
at all about that. The Senator from Illinois did
not notify the Senate of it, although he was here
at the time. The Senator from Virginia, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, did not seem
to know anything about this joint resolution until
his attention has just been culled to it. I certainly
knew nothing about it; and acting upon the in-
formation I had, which was the act of 1845, and
the practice under it, I moved the amendment that
I did. It was that, and that alone, and the con-
sideration I have already alluded to, that influ-
enced my action.
1 will compare with the Senator from Illinois,
and I will go as far as he who goes furthest, to
cut off this system of extra compensations as a
great abuse. I think they ought to beputastop
to at once; and 1 would not have tolerated this
except for the pccuhar circumstances of the case.
Now, however, I am notified thnt the third sec-
tion of this bill includes some officers whoso com-
pensation was increased by the joint resolution
of 1854, upon the express condition that they
should receive no extra compensation. That was
in 1854, since the act of 1845, and my attention
is now for the first time called to it. If I could
distinguish, as I should like to distinguish, be-
tween the cases coming under this third section,
I would exclude those officers who received addi-
tional compensation by the act of 1854; but how
to nmve at it 1 am not pre pared to say at present.
Mr. CAMERON. If' the Senator will allow
me a moment, I will relieve him by withdrawing
the amendment after saying a word.
Mr. fttGGS. I have no objection at all to doing
that; but 1 wish to set myself right in regard to
this qaestion, because,from the additional inform-
ation that lias recently been furnished here, there
ought to be a distinction made in the thud sec-
tion between those who had their compensation in-
creased by the joint resolution of 1854, and those
others whose compensation was not increased by
that joint resolution.
It was upon the supposition, and upon the in-
formation 1 had that it hud been the uniform prac-
tice of Congress, from 1845 up to tins case, to
make such allowances without any question, that
I introduced the amendment. I am not willing to
assume the responsibility which the Senator from
Illuois desires to place upon me, of winking at,
or encouraging in the least degree, this abus^. I
loom now that, by the joint resolution of 1854,
extra compensation was intended to be cut off in
regard to some of these officials. Their compen-
sation was increased in 1854 twenty per cent, on
that condition. Some of those officers come under
the third section. I did not know of that before.
Thit I should like to be informed who those per-
sons are, so that they may certainly be stricken
out of this section. ]t was, I again repeat, on the
supposition that no other act had been passed on
the subject but that of 1845, and that the Govern-
ment had acted on the principle of making these
allowances without question,until this case arose,
that I moved the amendment. 1 am clearly of
opinion that those included in the third section,
who had their compensation increased by the joint
resolution of 1854, on condition that they should
not have extra allowances, should be excluded
from the appropriation made to them in the third
section, flow to get at it I do not know, except
by moving a reconsideration of the amendment
that I proposed; and as I apprehend that there
will not be during the day probably a vote taken
on this bill, i may inquire and ascertain which of
these officers had their compensation increased by
the joint resolutions of 1854.
Mr. DOUGLAS. J take pleasure in saying that
the explanation of the Senator from North Car-
olina is in perfect accordance witli that estimate
which I had formed of his character. I know of
j no gentleman in this body who is more econom-
| ical and more vigilant in watching the expendi-
; tures of the Government than he is; hence, I was
: amazed that he should have been the person to
have offered the amendment which he submitted,
which above all others would tend to continue this
abuse instead of stopping it. The explanation he
has given that he had not seen the act of 1854, is i
perfectly satisfactory to me. I am convinced that
hehasacted in entire good faith,and that he means
to stop this abuse. I am glad thatsuch is the case;
and 1 believe the movement he has indicated, that
of reconsideration, is the true mode by which he
can reach his object and mine; and, if he will help
me to strike out this provision of the House bill,
I will go with him against putting on the Senate
amendment, and stop this abuse at once.
Mr. CAMERON. In offering my amendment,
I alluded to the fact that, at the close of the last
session, a resolution was cAeied in the Senate,
directing that iis officers shou'd be paid a certain
allowance. As I understand, that resolution was
before the Committee on Contingent Expons- 3:
who, on consultation, though t they had not power
under the law to make the allowance, and conse-
quently the Senate officers got nothing. Some of
the people employed there, I understand, are paid
some extra allowance under a resolution of the
Senate for a certain time. At all events, there is
a disposition on all sides to prevent, in the future,
any of this extra compensation; I agree with that
in principle; but I am desirous that the officers of
this House should be on the same footing with
those of the other House, before we commence a
system of retrenchment and reform in this partic-
ular.
The resolution offered at the close of the last
session inoludeda number oflaborers in the public
giounds, as well as clerks and messengers hcie,
and a portion of them were paid, and the laborers
were not. My resolution was intended principally
to reach that class of people who do a great deal
of work and got very little pay. But in order to
lelieve the Senate, and especially the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, I withdraw my amend-
ment, saying also thai at the close of the s< as ion
I shall introduce a resolution to pay our officers
111 the same manner.
Mr. IIALE. f have an amendment which I
wish to propose as an additional section:
Sec. 4. Jlnd heii jtothfr enoded. That 110 contract fOall
heicafter he mule i>> any officer or asent of the Gov: n-
ruent, except under a law amN" 17*112: the samp, o; nruki an
appionriMion ndo'juo'o to it-, fulfillment; and the sixth * o-
tion of the act entitle,d " An act m addition to the eeveial
act-; for the establishment and leguiation of the Tiea-u-y,
Wrm. and Navy appiuved May 1, 15^0, be,
and the -'imp h°>i*hy, impelled.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest now, if
the Senator from Nov/ Hampshire wti! excuse me,
to the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
whether, as we are getting to the disputed matter
about the Army, it is not as well to let this Hill go
over until to-morrow, and hav: the papers pre-
sented this morning printed m thfj meantime. j
Mr. HUNTER." The Senator f om Geotgia j
[Mr. Tyersox] wantsan cxeeimve session. Will I
the Senaloi from Maine obj.-et to disposing of j
this amendment if it will not tak* long r I
Mr. FESSENDEN. It wnl involve a debate
on the whole question in reality.
Mr. HALE. I wndi to state to the Senator
from Virginia that I have a few words to sjy on
the amendment. It mr y take me half an hour or
an hour. I am ready to go on now. I would just
as leave talk now as at any time.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from New
Hampshire is leady to go on, probably he had
better do so, and then we can lay the bill over u
until to-morrow. h
Mr. FESSENDEN. My object was to let e
the debate subside in season to have the papers
printed.
Mr. HALE. I have no choice about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Probably this amend merit
will involve the general debate on the whole mat-
ter.
Mr. HUNTER. Then why not let the Senator
from New Hampshire open it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the reason that there
is just so much time lost in printing. We had
better order the papers to be printed, and dismiss
the subject for to-di'y.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire probably will not use these papers, and we
can send them to be printed at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not particular about
half an hour.
Mr. HALE. Before I sit down I shall ask the
Senate to give me the yeas and nays on this prop-
osition; and I may remark that, 111 my judgment,
the want of the provision contained in this amend-
ment lies at the founda rion of our whole difficulty.
It results from the allowance of the authority
which we give to the quartermaster general to
make contracts without law and without an ap-
propriation.
It is a singular fact, sir, that from the adoption
of the Federal Constitution down to the year 1844,
being a period of fifty-five years, this Govern-
ment was administered without any deficiency
bill. In 1844, for the first time, there was a de-
ficiency bill presented in the House of Represent-
atives, and passed, and it had a very significant
preamble, which 1 shall read. It was entitled,
•''An act making appiopriations for certain objccts
of expenditure, therein named, in the year end-
ing June 30, 1814." It was approved June 15,
1844, and is the firet bill ever passed by this Gov-
ernment to supply deficiencies created in the ad-
ministration of the Government under the regular
supplies. The first clause of that bill is in these
words:
"That the following sums of money be, and the same are
hereby, approptiated. to be pa d out of any money m the
Treasury, for the respective objccts of expenditure herein
specified, being principally for arrearages or deficiencies
aiiaingin consequence of expenses improperly incurred be-
yond the amounts appropriated for the year ending the 30t&
of June, 1844, or foi objects not authonzed by law."
That law was passed, as it appears by the rec-
ord, under the operation of the previous question,
m the House of Representatives; there was no
debate upon it there; but when amotion wasmade
by the cnairman of the Committee on Finance to
take it up in the Senate, Mr. Haywood, then a
member of ihe Senate from North Carolina, since
deceased—
u WMiukj to jecoi'd liis vote nrraingt this extraordinary
and uneon-titj'ju'i.U bill, called tor the yeas and nays;
winch wrt oieh-i>M
'• Mr. Allen called the attention of the Senate to the fact
that if WMf alter much di^cuision, and upon due deliber-
ation. the House had decided upon inserting these words ;
andihatm the>e expenditures the Constitution had been
violated.' The IJou^e. in the preamble of this toll, merely
states 1 he fact that expenditures have been improperly made,
without authority of law, winch nobody denied. In looking
tbiou'h ti.e bill, he found it consisted of five or six items,
•amounting to $.>53.000—upwards of half a million of money
applied eoiiLiarv to law, and in palpable violation oftheex-
pre-j* clause of the Constitution which says no money shall
be drawn out of the Treasury without authority of law. He
should vote against the bill m any shape or form."—Con-
arc$,ional Globe, first session Twenty-Eighth Congress, pp.
680-3.
Well, sir, it seems to me, there was very groat
force in the suggestion that was then presented to
the Senate by the Senator from Ohio, at the time
the proposition was first introduced to sanction
this practice of the Government spending money
without law, and without appropriations, and
relying on the Congress of the United States to
meet it. The provision of the Constitution is
familiar to everybody, that " no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of
appropriations made by law." But, do you not
see, sir, and does not every Senator who .hears
me, see, that that provision of the Constitution is
utterly nullified if you give permission to any of-
ficer of the Government to go on and pledge the
public faith in advance for expenditures, and in
that way create a debt which, the Congress, in or-
der to redeem the public faith, are obliged to make
appropriations to pay ?
The Constitution will not give you permission
to allow the quartermaster general, or the Sec-
retary of War, or the President of the Umted
States to put his hand into the Treasury and take
