1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 19,
out a single dollar, except by virtue of appropri-
ations made by law. But by the operation of the
section, which by this amendment I propose to
repeal, you do authorize the quartermaster gen-
eral to do in substance what the Constitution
says you shall not do specifically; that is to say,
you shall not authorize the President, or the Sec-
retary of any Department, or any officor of the
Government to take out of the Treasury a single
dollar, withoutappropriationsbeing made by law,
-while at the same time you do what is exactly
equivalent—authorize him to pledge the credit of
the country to any amount that he may please;
and the extent to which the Constitution may be
violated, the public treasure spent, and the pub-
lic credit pledged in this way has no limitation
at all, but rests entirely within the discretion,
and the arbitrary discretion, of a subordinate offi-
cer of the War Department, to wit: the quarter-
master general. On the 1st of May, 1820, Con-
gress passed this law, which I propose to repeal:
"Sp.c. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no contract
shall hereafter be made by the Secretary of State, or of the
Treasury, or of the Department of War, or of the Navy,
except under a law authorizing the Fame, or under an ap-
propriation adequate to iw fulfillment; and excepting also,
contracts for the subsistence and clothing of the Aimy or
Navy, and contracts by the quaiterm«iM,ei\s department,
which may bo made by the Secretaries of tliobe Depart-
ments. "
Now, sir, this does not apply, as you will see,
to the Secretary of the Interior, which is an office
that has been creatcd since the 1st of May, 1820;
nor does it apply to the Postmaster General, Not-
withstanding that act was passed as early as
May 1, 1820, Congress went on and tho Govern-
ment wenton justexactly as they had before, up
to 1844; and the estimates had so tallied with the
appropriations that the expenditures never outran
them until 1844, when Congress was called upon
to pass a deficiency bill, it was then received as
an extraordinary, and by several Senators who
spoke upon it, as an unconstitutional art: and it
is obnoxious, in my judgment, to that censure,
because it broadly nullifies the provision of the
Constitution to which I have referred.
This is a discretion which has been arbitrarily
exercised. I have asked one of the clerks of the
Senate to prepare for me a hst of the appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the quai termasterVs
department since the pcace with Mexico, so that j
I might see how it runs along. The first year after j
the pcace with Mexico, that is in 1848, they wanted !
$5,000,000 to supply deficiencies; and I ran well ;
understandthatitmight have been necessary. We !
were then just at the close of a foreign war; the
treaty had been made, and the troops were to be
brought home; and there might have been a neces-
sity for such an appropriation. In 1H4D we had no
deficiency bill; in 1650 we got along without a defi-
ciency bill; but in 1851 we had udeilriency bill of
$1,050,117; in 1852, a deficiency bill of $930,000;
io 1853, we had no deficiency bill; m 1854, none;
ditto in 1855. We got along, then, three yeais
without a deficiency full in this department; but
in J85(>, four years after the last deficiency bill for
this department, there was an appropriation of
£1,642,137 for its deficiencies; in 1857, £900,000;
this year about $7,000,000. So you see it has
been arbitrary; some years without any, then
ogam §1,000,000; and then $1,5U0,0G0; and this
year $7,000,000.
There can be in time of peace no sort of neces-
sity for this discretion, not the slightest. I can
readily conceive that such a provision as this may 1
be convenient in time of war; and 1 do not know i
that 1 shall aid my proposition in the minds of
the majority of the Senate when 1 tell them that
if they pass this provision there will be no more •
wars creatcd by the Executive; because, if the
Executive is confined, as he ought to be confined,
and as the Constitution intended that he should
be confined, to appropriations made by law, and
the power to make contracts without law and
without appropriations is taken away fiom him,
he cannot, by any possibility, incur these ex- ,
traordinary expenditures.
It may be said that it is necessary in time of
war, if it is not necessary in time of peace. I ,
confess that it would be vastly, infinitely better ,
if war comes upon us suddenly, if war is made ^
upon us by any foreign Power, that the Admuns- '
tration should call Congress together,and should '
get from Congress authonry to make such con- ;
tracts as the emergency of the countiy unght re- >'
quire, rather than this discretion should be left in
the head of a Department or in any subordinate.
If you do that, concede that there may be a ne-
cessity, and there maybe a propriety in such an
emergency as that of having extraordinary con-
tracts made, is itnotbetter—I appeal to every man
who wants to guard the Treasury, as the Consti-
tution intended it should be guarded by the sanc-
tion of appropriations made by Congress—is it not
better that the Administration should call Con-
gress together, and tell them of the emergency
that exists, and ask for appropriations by law,
rather than that this loose and indefinite discretion
should be left in a subordinate of a Department to
plunge us into a war, and into expenditures such
as wo have before us this year in the appropria-
tion bill that is now pending before the Senate ?
Just exactly as long as this power subsists,
just so long it will be exercised; and just so long
as it is exercised, just so long it will be increased,
and the evil will go on, and contracts will be made,
and the authority of Congress virtually nullified,
as it is in this instance. Tiiis money will be paid,
no matter what we think of the propriety of it,
no matter what we think of the necessity of it,
and no matter how unwise we may think the ac-
tion of the Executive has been in incurring it.
The public faith is pledged for it. The contracts
have been made in virtue of this provision. It is
$7,000,000, but if it were §17,000,000, it would
be paid, because the public faith is pledged for it,
and is pledged for it in pursuance of the very loose
legislation that is leftunder the section I propose to
repeal. I have not had time to look at the experi-
ence of otherGovernmcnts, butl apprehend these
deficiency bills will be found to be anomalies in
any Government regulated bylaw. I do not know
how the fact is,and I speak without the book on
the subject; but I venture tho remark, that you
will not find bills of this character introduced and
passed in the Rritish Parliament. You will find
that the British House of Commons watch tho
Treasury theie with a sciutmy and a fidelity
which ought, to put Congress to the blush, and
ought to brins: the blush of shame upon us. "VVhy,
sir, every estimate in the appropriations is made
with the utmost particularity, and column by col-
umn with the estimates which the Government
rsks this year, arc placed the pounds, shillings,
and pence that were spent for the same object last
year, and that to a minuticc that would be deemed
altogether impracticable here.
Hut, sir, the manner in which the public treas-
ure of this country is spent under the sanction
of Congress now, is just exactly that discretion
which the Executive chooses, and nothing more.
In the first place, our appropriations are made
with a looseness that I do not know how to char-
acterize—with a looseness that seems to be an in-
vitation to profligacy. There aie nothing like spe-
cific appropriations, Look them up and you will
find fifty or a hundred different articles as diverse
from one another as tropical beat from polar
snows, brought together in one geneial conglom-
erated section, and for that, one,"two, three, four,
or five million dollars are appropriated, ond it is
left to the Executive to apportion it as he may.
That is not all. In addition to that, they have
a doctrine of transfers by wliKh, when appropri-
ations thus loosely niatfo arc not wanted under
that general head, they may be tiansferrcd to
another, and the law htill observed in its terms.
I brought to the observation of the Senate, the
other clay, in the preparation of certain surveys,
an instance of that. An appropriation was made
for running; the boundary line between this Re-
public and Mexico, and it turned out that ft 100,000
had been app.opuated more than was wanted.
That is not strange. Wc generally appropriate
a good det.*5 more than that over and above what
is necessary; but it was strange that there hap-
pened to be an ofiicei who did n^t spend it all—
and he actually brought home $100,000 out of tho
amount he was authorized to spend. I think that
ought to be set down to the credit of that man.
if lie is m the Army, I would brevcthim. I think
he deserves a brevet much more than the man
did for whom, 1 think, wo were tricked out of a
brevet the other day, when we breveted him be-
cause he was to command the army in Utah; and
as soon as he got the brevet the Administration
sent out somebody else. I think the man that j
brought home the £>100,000 deserved a brevet. '
The money was ^ppu^'iiaiei] to vi;n a itncj and i
then he said it might very well be used in draw-
ing engravings and delineations in natural history
and natural science, &c. Very probably it might;
but, instead of coming to Congress—who were
the only power that had a right under the Con-
stitution to say how the $100,000 should be spent
—he went to the Secretary of the Interior, and
said, " I have saved $100,000 in running the lme,
and I think it would be very well to spend it in
pictures to ornament a book;" and the Secretary
says, " very well; you shall have it." The Sec-
retary of the Interior, without saying a word to
Congress, by a mere dash of his pen, appropria-
ted $100,000, which we had appropriated to run
a line, to make a picture-book.
Mr. JOHNSON, of -Arkansas. What Secre-
tary ?
]\lr. HALE. The Secretary of the Interior,
under the last Administration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. McClel-
land ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but I do not want to
say anything invidious against Mr. McClel!atid.
I believe it is the fashion, it is the common urdei,
it is the construction which is put upon this pro-
vision of the Constitution, that no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury except in conse-
quence of appropriations made by law; to trans-
fer appropriationsfrom one head to another, make
them so loose in the first place, that they mean
nothing, and then, by transfers, make them to
mean, if possible, less than nothing; and then, in
addition to all these loose appropriations, and
these transfers from one head to another, here
comes in this sweeping clause by which the Sec-
retaries of the War and of the Navy Departments,
without any limitation, without any direction,
withoutany law, without any appropriation, may
go on and pledge the credit of this Government to
an indefinite extent. They have done it this year
to the amount of $7,000,000. We should have to
pay it were it £17,000,000; we should have to pay
equally any amount they had contracted for; and
we should be bound until we come back and place
ourselves where the Constitution places us, as tho
guardians of the public Treasury, and execute, as
I think we are bound in honor and in honesty to
execute, that provision of the Constitution which
says, no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury, except in consequence of appropriations made
by law.
That discretion rests in us, and I contend that
we cannot consistently with our obligations to the
Constitution, transfer thispowcr of watching, this
trust of guarding, this duty of taking care of tho
public Treasury. We cannot throw it from our
hands upon any other officer where the Consti-
tution has not placed it; but by the sixth scction
of this act of 1820, we do broadly say to the
Secretaries of the War and Navy Departments,
44 you can more safely and more properly judge
what sums can be drawn from the Treasury than
we can; and although the Constitution forbids us
in express terms from letting any of you or all of
you combined, with the President at your head,
put your hands in the Treasury and take out a
dollar, yet we can get around that provision, ami
we will allow you to go on and pledge our ciedti,
ad infinitum, for untold millions upon millions, and
pledge the public faith, and then we shall keep
the word of the Constitution, because the moivy
will not actually go, until we make an appropria-
tion bylaw." Jhn it is only the word of the Con-
stitution; the spnitof it is broken; the spirit of it
is utterly broken, and m my humble judgment—I
say it with great deference—we are false to our
trust; false to that obligation which the Consti-
tution has imposed upon us to guard the Tieas-
ury, when we by law permit rny officers of tho
Government to pledge the public credit and the
public faith to any amount, und then after it is
done, there is nothing le."t but a mere matter of
form that we pass the bill, because tho publicfc.irh
is pledged, and that binds us. It binds us just as
firmly and just as strenuously is any provision
of the law, or any provision of the Constitution;
because J take it there is nothing that we would
not sooner see violated than the public faith, tho
public credit, and the public honor, and when wo
let a public officer use and pledge that faith, that
credit, that honor, we do in substance permit him
to put his hand into the Treasury in violation of
the Constitution.
Sir, if you want to bring the Government back
